<doc id="5979532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979532" title="Va'etchanan">
Va'etchanan

Va'etchanan ( — Hebrew for “and I pleaded,” the first word in the parashah) is the 45th weekly Torah portion (, "parashah") in the annual Jewish cycle of Torah reading and the second in the book of Deuteronomy. It constitutes The parashah is made up of 7,343 Hebrew letters, 1,878 Hebrew words, and 122 verses, and can occupy about 249 lines in a Torah Scroll (, "Sefer Torah").
Jews in the Diaspora generally read it in late July or August. It is always read on the special Sabbath "Shabbat Nachamu", the Sabbath immediately after "Tisha B'Av". As the parashah describes how the Israelites would sin and be banished from the Land of Israel, Jews also read part of the parashah, as the Torah reading for the morning ("Shacharit") prayer service on "Tisha B'Av", which commemorates the destruction of both the First Temple and Second Temple in Jerusalem.
The parashah tells how Moses asked to see the Land of Israel, puts forth arguments to obey the law, recounts the setting up of the Cities of Refuge, recites the Ten Commandments and the "Shema", and gives instructions for the Israelites’ conquest of the Land.
Readings.
In traditional Sabbath Torah reading, the parashah is divided into seven readings, or , "aliyot". In the masoretic text of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible), Parashah Va'etchanan has six "open portion" (, "petuchah") divisions (roughly equivalent to paragraphs, often abbreviated with the Hebrew letter ("peh"), roughly equivalent to the English letter “P”). Parashah Va'etchanan has several further subdivisions, called "closed portions" (, "setumah") (abbreviated with the Hebrew letter ("samekh"), roughly equivalent to the English letter "S") within the open portion (, "petuchah") divisions. The first open portion (, "petuchah") divides the first reading (, "aliyot"). The second open portion (, "petuchah") goes from the middle of the first reading (, "aliyah") to the middle of the second reading (, "aliyah"). The third open portion (, "petuchah") concludes the second reading (, "aliyah"). The fourth open portion (, "petuchah") corresponds to the third reading. The fifth open portion (, "petuchah") spans the fourth and fifth readings (, "aliyot"). And the sixth open portion (, "petuchah") spans the sixth and seventh readings (, "aliyot"). Several closed portion (, "setumah") divisions, notably one for every commandment, further divide the fourth and sixth readings (, "aliyot").
First reading.
In the first reading (, "aliyah"), Moses pleaded with God to let him cross over and see the other side of the Jordan River. But God was wrathful with Moses and would not listen, telling Moses never to speak of the matter again, and Moses blamed his punishment on the Israelites. God directed Moses to climb the summit of Pisgah and look at the land. And God told Moses to give Joshua his instructions and imbue him with strength and courage, for Joshua was to lead the people and allot to them the land. The first open portion (, "petuchah") ends here with the end of the chapter.
Moses exhorted the Israelites to heed God’s laws, not to add anything to them, and not to take anything away from them, so that they might live to enter and occupy the land that God was giving them. Moses noted that in the sin of Baal-peor, God wiped out every person who followed Baal-peor, while preserving alive those who held fast to God. The first reading (, "aliyah") ends here.
Second reading.
In the second reading (, "aliyah"), Moses argued that observing the laws faithfully would prove to other peoples the Israelites’ wisdom and discernment, for no other great nation had a god so close at hand as God, and no other great nation had laws as perfect as God’s.
Moses urged the Israelites to take utmost care not to forget the things that they saw, and to make them known to their children and children’s children: How they stood before God at Horeb, the mountain was ablaze with flames, God spoke to them out of the fire, and God declared to them the Ten Commandments. At the same time, God commanded Moses to impart to the Israelites laws for them to observe in the land that they were about to occupy.
Because the Israelites saw no shape when God spoke to them out of the fire at Horeb, Moses warned them not to make for themselves a sculptured image in any likeness whatever — the form of a man, woman, beast, bird, creeping thing, or fish. And when they looked up and saw the sun, moon, stars, and heaven, they were not to be lured into bowing down to them or serving them, for God allotted those things to other peoples, but God took the Israelites and brought them out of Egypt to be God’s very own people.
Moses said that God was angry with him on account of the Israelites, and God swore that Moses would not enter the land but would die in the land east of the Jordan. Moses cautioned the Israelites not to forget the covenant that God concluded with them, and not to make a sculptured image, for God is a consuming fire, an impassioned God. The second open portion (, "petuchah") ends here.
Moses called heaven and earth to witness against the Israelites that should they make for themselves a sculptured image when they were in the land, then God would scatter them among the peoples, leaving only a scant few alive. There in exile they would serve man-made gods of wood and stone, that would not be able to see, hear, eat, or smell. But when they were in distress and they searched for God with all their heart and soul, returned to God, and obeyed God, then they would find God, even there. For God is a compassionate God, Who would not fail them, let them perish, or forget the covenant that God made with their fathers.
Moses invited the Israelites to consider whether any people had ever heard the voice of a god speaking out of a fire and survived, or any god had taken one nation from the midst of another by prodigious acts and awesome power as their God had done for them in Egypt before their very eyes. Moses said that it had been clearly demonstrated to them that the Lord alone is God and there is none beside God. Moses thus admonished them to observe God’s laws and commandments, which Moses enjoined upon them that day, that it might go well with them and their children, and that they might long remain in the land that God was assigning to them for all time. The second reading (, "aliyah") and the third open portion (, "petuchah") end here.
Third reading.
In the third reading (, "aliyah"), Moses set aside three cities of refuge on the east side of the Jordan to which a manslayer who unwittingly slew a person without having been hostile to him in the past could escape and live: Bezer among the Reubenites, Ramoth in Gilead among the Gadites, and Golan in Bashan among the Manassites. The third reading (, "aliyah") and the fourth open portion (, "petuchah") end with .
Fourth reading.
In the fourth reading (, "aliyah"), Moses summoned the Israelites and called on them to hear the laws that he proclaimed that day, to study and observe them faithfully. At Horeb, God made a covenant with them — not with their fathers, but with them, the living, every one of them. God spoke to them face to face out of the fire on the mountain. Moses stood between God and them to convey God’s words to them, for they were afraid of the fire and did not go up the mountain. A closed portion (, "setumah") ends here.
God said the Ten Commandments:
Fifth reading.
In the fifth reading (, "aliyah"), God spoke these words to the whole congregation at the mountain, with a mighty voice out of the fire and the dense clouds, and God inscribed them on two stone tablets, which God gave to Moses. When the Israelites heard the voice out of the darkness and saw the mountain ablaze with fire, the tribal heads and elders asked Moses to hear all that God had to say and then tell the people, and they would willingly obey. The fifth reading (, "aliyah") and the fifth open portion (, "petuchah") end with 
Sixth reading.
In the sixth reading (, "aliyah"), Moses imparted God’s instruction, the "Shema" and "V'ahavta", saying: “Hear, O Israel: the Lord our God, the Lord is one. And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your might. And these words, which I command you this day, shall be upon your heart; and you shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when thou rise up. And you shall bind them for a sign upon your hand, and they shall be for frontlets between your eyes. And you shall write them upon the doorposts of your house, and upon your gates.” A closed portion (, "setumah") ends here.
Moses exhorted the Israelites, when God brought them into the land and they ate their fill, not to forget the God who freed them from bondage in Egypt, to revere and worship only God, and to swear only by God’s name. Moses warned the Israelites not to follow other gods, lest the anger of God wipe them off the face of the earth. A closed portion (, "setumah") ends here.
Moses warned the Israelites not to try God, as they did at Massah, but to keep God’s commandments and do what is right in God’s sight, that it might go well with them, that they might be able to possess the land, and that all their enemies might be driven out before them. A closed portion (, "setumah") ends here.
And when their children would ask the meaning of the commandments, they were to answer that they were slaves to Pharaoh in Egypt, and God produced marvelous and destructive signs and portents, freed them with a mighty hand to give them the land, and then commanded them to observe all these laws for their lasting good and survival. The sixth reading (, "aliyah") and a closed portion (, "setumah") end with 
Seventh reading.
In the seventh reading (, "aliyah"), Moses told the Israelites that when God brought them to the land and dislodged seven nations before them — the Hittites, Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites — the Israelites were to doom them to destruction, grant them no terms, and give them no quarter. The Israelites were not to intermarry with them, for they would turn the Israelites’ children away from God to worship other gods, and God’s anger would wipe the Israelites out. The Israelites were to tear down the nations’ altars, smash their pillars, cut down their sacred posts, and consign their images to the fire.
The Israelites were a people consecrated to God, and God chose them from all the peoples on earth to be God’s treasured people. God chose them not because they were the most numerous of peoples, but because God favored them and kept the oath God made with their fathers. Moses told them to note that only God is God, the steadfast God who keeps God’s covenant faithfully to the thousandth generation of those who love God and keep God’s commandments, but who instantly requites with destruction those who reject God. The maftir () reading concludes the parashah with and concludes the sixth open portion (, "petuchah").
In inner-Biblical interpretation.
The parashah has parallels or is discussed in these Biblical sources:
Deuteronomy chapter 4.
Moses calls heaven and earth to serve as witnesses against Israel in and Similarly, Psalm reports that God “summoned the heavens above, and the earth, for the trial of His people,” saying “Bring in My devotees, who made a covenant with Me over sacrifice!” continues: “Then the heavens proclaimed His righteousness, for He is a God who judges.”
In classical rabbinic interpretation.
The parashah is discussed in these rabbinic sources from the era of the Mishnah and the Talmud:
Deuteronomy chapter 3.
Noting that and both use the same expression “at that time” (, "ha-hiv ba-eit"), a Midrash deduced that the events of the two verses took place at the same time. Thus Rav Huna taught that as soon as God told Moses to hand over his office to Joshua, Moses immediately began to pray to be permitted to enter the Promised land. The Midrash compared Moses to a governor who could be sure that the king would confirm whatever orders he gave so long as he retained his office. The governor redeemed whomever he desired and imprisoned whomever he desired. But as soon as the governor retired and another was appointed in his place, the gatekeeper would not let him enter the king’s palace. Similarly, as long as Moses remained in office, he imprisoned whomever he desired and released whomever he desired, but when he was relieved of his office and Joshua was appointed in his stead, and he asked to be permitted to enter the Promised Land, God in denied his request.
The Gemara deduced from Moses’s example in that one should seek a suppliant frame of mind before praying. Rav Huna and Rav Hisda were discussing how long to wait between recitations of the Amidah if one erred in the first reciting and needed to repeat the prayer. One said: long enough for the person praying to fall into a suppliant frame of mind, citing the words “And I supplicated the Lord” in The other said: long enough to fall into an interceding frame of mind, citing the words “And Moses interceded” in 
Rabbi Simlai deduced from that one should always first praise God at the beginning of prayer, for Moses praised God in before he asked God in to let him see the good land. Rabbi Eleazar deduced from that God let Moses see the Promised Land only because Moses prayed, and thus Rabbi Eleazar concluded that prayer is more effective than good deeds, for no one was greater in good deeds than Moses, and yet God let Moses see the land only after Moses prayed.
Rabban Johanan ben Zakai interpreted the word “Lebanon” in to refer to the Temple in Jerusalem and “that goodly mountain” to refer to the Temple Mount. Thus one can interpret to say that Moses asked to see God’s House. Similarly, a Midrash interpreted the word “Lebanon” in to refer to the altar. Rabbi Simeon ben Yohai explained that the altar was called “Lebanon” because it made white ("malbin") the sins of Israel, as indicated by the words of “though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white ("yalbinu") as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.” Rabbi Tabyomi said that the altar was called “Lebanon” because all hearts ("lebabot") rejoice there, as indicated by the words of “Fair in situation, the joy of the whole earth, even Mount Zion.” And the Rabbis said that the altar was called “Lebanon” because of the words of 1 Kings which says of God and the Temple: “My eyes and My heart ("libbi") shall be there perpetually.
Another Midrash employed the understanding of “Lebanon” as the Temple to explain the role of gold in the world. Rabbi Simeon ben Lakish taught that the world did not deserve to have the use of gold. But God created gold for the sake of the Temple. The Midrash deduced this from the use of the word “good” in both where it says, “the gold of that land is good,” and where it says, “that goodly hill-country, and Lebanon.”
Rabbi Levi taught that God told Moses “enough!” in to repay Moses measure for measure for when Moses told Korah “enough!” in The Gemara provided another explanation of the word “enough! (, "rav")” in God was telling Moses that Moses had a master (, "rav"), namely Joshua, waiting to assume authority to lead the Israelites into the Promised Land, and thus Moses should not delay another master’s reign by prolonging his own. The Gemara provided a third explanation of the word “enough!”: God was telling Moses not to petition him anymore, so that people should not say: “How severe is the Master, and how persistent is the student.” The Gemara explained why God was so hard on Moses with a Baraita taught in the School of Rabbi Ishmael: according to the camel is the burden; that is, a stronger, more righteous one must bear a greater burden.
The School of Rabbi Ishmael taught that whenever Scripture uses the word “command” (, "tzav") (as does), it denotes exhortation to obedience immediately and for all time. A Baraita deduced exhortation to immediate obedience from the use of the word “command” in which says, “charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him.” And the Baraita deduced exhortation to obedience for all time from the use of the word “command” in which says, “even all that the Lord has commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the Lord gave the commandment, and onward throughout your generations.”
Deuteronomy chapter 4.
In Moses calls on Israel to heed the “statutes” ("hukim") and “ordinances” ("mishpatim"). The Rabbis in a Baraita taught that the “ordinances” ("mishpatim") were commandments that logic would have dictated that we follow even had Scripture not commanded them, like the laws concerning idolatry, adultery, bloodshed, robbery, and blasphemy. And “statutes” ("hukim") were commandments that the Adversary challenges us to violate as beyond reason, like those relating to "shaatnez" (in and ), "halizah" (in ), purification of the person with "tzaraat" (in ), and the scapegoat (in ). So that people do not think these “ordinances” ("mishpatim") to be empty acts, which speaks of the “statutes” ("hukim") and “ordinances” ("mishpatim"), says “I am the Lord,” indicating that the Lord made these statutes, and we have no right to question them.
The Gemara cited as an instance of where the Torah alludes to life after death. The Gemara related that sectarians asked Rabban Gamaliel where Scripture says that God will resurrect the dead. Rabban Gamaliel answered them from the Torah, the Prophets (, "Nevi'im"), and the Writings (, "Ketuvim"), yet the sectarians did not accept his proofs. From the Torah, Rabban Gamaliel cited “And the Lord said to Moses, ‘Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers and rise up But the sectarians replied that perhaps reads, “and the people will rise up.” From the Prophets, Rabban Gamaliel cited “Your dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, you who dwell in the dust: for your dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out its dead.” But the sectarians rejoined that perhaps refers to the dead whom Ezekiel resurrected in From the Writings, Rabban Gamaliel cited Song of Songs “And the roof of your mouth, like the best wine of my beloved, that goes down sweetly, causing the lips of those who are asleep to speak.” (As the Rabbis interpreted Song of Songs as a dialogue between God and Israel, they understood to refer to the dead, whom God will cause to speak again.) But the sectarians rejoined that perhaps means merely that the lips of the departed will move. For Rabbi Johanan said that if a "halachah" (legal ruling) is said in any person’s name in this world, the person’s lips speak in the grave, as says, “causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.” Thus Rabban Gamaliel did not satisfy the sectarians until he quoted “which the Lord swore to your fathers to give to them.” Rabban Gamaliel noted that God swore to give the land not “to you” (the Israelites whom Moses addressed) but “to them” (the Patriarchs, who had long since died). Others say that Rabban Gamaliel proved it from “But you who did cleave to the Lord your God are alive every one of you this day.” And (the superfluous use of “this day” implies that) just as you are all alive today, so shall you all live again in the world to come.
A Midrash taught that and call the Euphrates “the Great River” because it encompasses the Land of Israel. The Midrash noted that at the creation of the world, the Euphrates was not designated “great.” But it is called “great” because it encompasses the Land of Israel, which calls a “great nation.” As a popular saying said, the king’s servant is a king, and thus Scripture calls the Euphrates great because of its association with the great nation of Israel.
A Baraita deduced from the words “you shall make them known to your children, and your children’s children” in that if a parent teaches a child Torah, Scripture ascribes merit as though the parent had taught the child, the child’s children, and so on, until the end of all time. Rabbi Joshua ben Levi taught that if a parent teaches a child (or some say a grandchild) Torah, Scripture accounts it as if the parent had received the Torah at Mount Sinai, as says, “And you shall make them known to your children and your children's children,” and immediately thereafter, says, “The day that you stood before the Lord your God in Horeb.” Rabbi Hiyya bar Abba once found Rabbi Joshua ben Levi, who had hurriedly thrown a cloth upon his head, taking his child (or some say grandchild) to the synagogue to study. When Rabbi Hiyya asked Rabbi Joshua what was going on, Rabbi Joshua replied that it was no small thing that the words “you shall make them known to your children and your children's children” are immediately followed by the words “The day that you stood before the Lord your God in Horeb.” From then on, Rabbi Hiyya bar Abba did not eat breakfast before revising the previous day's lesson with his child (or some say grandchild) and adding another verse. And Rabbah son of Rav Huna did not eat breakfast until he took his child (or some say grandchild) to school.
A Baraita deduced from the proximity of the words “And you shall make them known to your children and your children's children” in to the words “The day on which you stood before the Lord your God in Horeb” in that just as at Mount Sinai, the Israelites stood in dread, fear, trembling, and quaking, so when one teaches Torah to one’s child, one should do so in dread, fear, trembling, and quaking.
The Rabbis related Jacob’s dream in to Sinai. The “ladder” symbolizes Mount Sinai. That the ladder is “set upon (, "mutzav") the earth” recalls which says, “And they stood (, "vayityatzvu") at the nether part of the mount.” The words of “and the top of it reached to heaven,” echo those of “And the mountain burned with fire to the heart of heaven.” “And behold the angels of God” alludes to Moses and Aaron. “Ascending” parallels “And Moses went up to God.” “And descending” parallels “And Moses went down from the mount.” And the words “and, behold, the Lord stood beside him” in parallel the words of “And the Lord came down upon Mount Sinai.”
Rabbi Johanan counted ten instances in which Scripture refers to the death of Moses (including one in the parashah), teaching that God did not finally seal the harsh decree until God declared it to Moses. Rabbi Johanan cited these ten references to the death of Moses: (1) “But I must die in this land; I shall not cross the Jordan”; (2) “The Lord said to Moses: ‘Behold, your days approach that you must die’”; (3) “ven now, while I am still alive in your midst, you have been defiant toward the Lord; and how much more after my death”; (4) “For I know that after my death, you will act wickedly and turn away from the path that I enjoined upon you”; (5) “And die in the mount that you are about to ascend, and shall be gathered to your kin, as your brother Aaron died on Mount Hor and was gathered to his kin”; (6) “This is the blessing with which Moses, the man of God, bade the Israelites farewell before his death”; (7) “So Moses the servant of the Lord died there in the land of Moab, at the command of the Lord”; (8) “Moses was 120 years old when he died”; (9) “Now it came to pass after the death of Moses”; and (10) “Moses My servant is dead.” Rabbi Johanan taught that ten times it was decreed that Moses should not enter the Land of Israel, but the harsh decree was not finally sealed until God revealed it to him and declared (as reported in ): “It is My decree that you should not pass over.”
Rabbi Jonah taught in the name of Rabbi Levi that the world was created with a letter "bet" (the first letter in which begins, , "Bereishit bara Elohim", “In the beginning God created”) because just as the letter "bet" is closed at the sides but open in front, so one is not permitted to investigate what is above and what is below, what is before and what is behind. Similarly, Bar Kappara reinterpreted the words of to say, “ask "not" of the days past, which were before you, since the day that God created man upon the earth,” teaching that one may speculate from the day that days were created, but one should not speculate on what was before that. And one may investigate from one end of heaven to the other, but one should not investigate what was before this world. Similarly, the Rabbis in a Baraita interpreted to forbid inquiry into the work of creation in the presence of two people, reading the words “for ask now of the days past” to indicate that "one" may inquire, but not "two". The Rabbis reasoned that the words “since the day that God created man upon the earth” in taught that one must not inquire concerning the time before creation. The Rabbis reasoned that the words “the days past that were before you” in taught that one may inquire about the six days of creation. The Rabbis further reasoned that the words “from the one end of heaven to the other” in taught that one must not inquire about what is beyond the universe, what is above and what is below, what is before and what is after.
Rabbi Eleazar read the words "since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven" in to read, "from the day that God created Adam on earth and to the end of heaven." Thus Rabbi Eleazar read to intimate that when God created Adam in Adam extended from the earth to the firmament. But as soon as Adam sinned, God placed God's hand upon Adam and diminished him, as says: "You have fashioned me after and before, and laid Your hand upon me." Similarly, Rav Judah in the name of Rav taught that when God created Adam in Adam extended from one end of the world to the other, reading to read, "Since the day that God created man upon the earth, and from one end of heaven to the other." (And Rav Judah in the name of Rav also taught that as soon as Adam sinned, God placed God's hand upon Adam and diminished him.) The Gemara reconciled the interpretations of Rabbi Eleazar and Rav Judah in the name of Rav by concluding that the distance from the earth to the firmament must equal the distance from one end of heaven to the other.
Rabbi Levi addressed the question that raises: “Did ever a people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as you have heard, and live?” ( in turn, refers back to the encounter at Sinai reported at and after.) Rabbi Levi taught that the world would not have been able to survive hearing the voice of God in God’s power, but instead, as says, “The voice of the Lord is with power.” That is, the voice of God came according to the power of each individual — young, old, or infant — to receive it.
The Gemara counted only three verses in the Torah that indisputably refer to God’s Kingship, and thus are suitable for recitation on Rosh Hashanah: “The Lord his God is with him, and the shouting for the King is among them”; “And He was King in Jeshurun”; and “The Lord shall reign for ever and ever.” Rabbi Jose also counted as Kingship verses “Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God the Lord is One”; “And you shall know on that day and lay it to your heart that the Lord is God, . . . there is none else”; and “To you it was shown, that you might know that the Lord is God, there is none else beside Him”; but Rabbi Judah said that none of these three is a Kingship verse. (The traditional Rosh Hashanah liturgy follows Rabbi Jose and recites and and then concludes with )
Rabbi Johanan taught that sorcerers are called , "kashefim", because they seek to contradict the power of Heaven. (Some read , "kashefim", as an acronym for , "kachash pamalia", “contradicting the legion Heaven.”) But the Gemara noted that says, “There is none else besides Him (God).” Rabbi Hanina interpreted to teach that even sorcerers have no power to oppose God’s will. A woman once tried to take earth from under Rabbi Hanina's feet (so as to perform sorcery against him). Rabbi Hanina told her that if she could succeed in her attempts, she should go ahead, but (he was not concerned, for) says, “There is none else beside Him.” But the Gemara asked whether Rabbi Johanan had not taught that sorcerers are called , "kashefim", because they (actually) contradict the power of Heaven. The Gemara answered that Rabbi Hanina was in a different category, owing to his abundant merit (and therefore Heaven protected him).
Chapter 2 of tractate Makkot in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Jerusalem Talmud, and Babylonian Talmud interpreted the laws of the cities of refuge in and 
The Mishnah taught that those who killed in error went into banishment. One would go into banishment if, for example, while one was pushing a roller on a roof, the roller slipped over, fell, and killed someone. One would go into banishment if while one was lowering a cask, it fell down and killed someone. One would go into banishment if while coming down a ladder, one fell and killed someone. But one would "not" go into banishment if while pulling "up" the roller it fell back and killed someone, or while "raising" a bucket the rope snapped and the falling bucket killed someone, or while going "up" a ladder one fell down and killed someone. The Mishnah’s general principle was that whenever the death occurred in the course of a downward movement, the culpable person went into banishment, but if the death did not occur in the course of a downward movement, the person did not go into banishment. If while chopping wood, the iron slipped from the ax handle and killed someone, Rabbi taught that the person did not go into banishment, but the sages said that the person did go into banishment. If from the split log rebounding killed someone, Rabbi said that the person went into banishment, but the sages said that the person did not go into banishment.
Rabbi Jose bar Judah taught that to begin with, they sent a slayer to a city of refuge, whether the slayer killed intentionally or not. Then the court sent and brought the slayer back from the city of refuge. The Court executed whomever the court found guilty of a capital crime, and the court acquitted whomever the court found not guilty of a capital crime. The court restored to the city of refuge whomever the court found liable to banishment, as ordained, “And the congregation shall restore him to the city of refuge from where he had fled.” also says, “The manslayer . . . shall dwell therein until the death of the high priest, who was anointed with the holy oil,” but the Mishnah taught that the death of a high priest who had been anointed with the holy anointing oil, the death of a high priest who had been consecrated by the many vestments, or the death of a high priest who had retired from his office each equally made possible the return of the slayer. Rabbi Judah said that the death of a priest who had been anointed for war also permitted the return of the slayer. Because of these laws, mothers of high priests would provide food and clothing for the slayers in cities of refuge so that the slayers might not pray for the high priest’s death. If the high priest died at the conclusion of the slayer’s trial, the slayer did not go into banishment. If, however, the high priests died before the trial was concluded and another high priest was appointed in his stead and then the trial concluded, the slayer returned home after the new high priest’s death.
Because Reuben was the first to engage in life saving of his brother Joseph in God decreed that the Cities of Refuge would be set up first within the borders of the Tribe of Reuben in 
Deuteronomy chapter 5.
Rabbi Azariah in the name of Rabbi Judah ben Rabbi Simon taught that the familiarity with which God spoke with the Israelites in befit the infancy of Israel’s nationhood. Rabbi Azariah in the name of Rabbi Judah ben Rabbi Simon explained in a parable. A mortal king had a daughter whom he loved exceedingly. So long as his daughter was small, he would speak with her in public or in the courtyard. When she grew up and reached puberty, the king determined that it no longer befit his daughter's dignity for him to converse with her in public. So he directed that a pavilion be made for her so that he could speak with his daughter inside the pavilion. In the same way, when God saw the Israelites in Egypt, they were in the childhood of their nationhood, as says, “When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and out of Egypt I called My son.” When God saw the Israelites at Sinai, God spoke with them as says, “The Lord spoke with you face to face.” As soon as they received the Torah, became God’s nation, and said (as reported in ), “All that the Lord has spoken will we do, and obey,” God observed that it was no longer in keeping with the dignity of God’s children that God should converse with them in the open. So God instructed the Israelites to make a Tabernacle, and when God needed to communicate with the Israelites, God did so from the Tabernacle. And thus bears this out when it says, “And when Moses went into the tent of meeting that He might speak with him.”
The Mishnah taught that the priests recited the Ten Commandments daily. The Gemara, however, taught that although the Sages wanted to recite the Ten Commandments along with the "Shema" in precincts outside of the Temple, they soon abolished their recitation, because the Sages did not want to lend credence to the arguments of the heretics (who might argue that Jews honored only the Ten Commandments).
The Gemara taught that the Israelites heard the words of the first two commandments (in (20:3–6 in NJPS) and (5:7–10 in NJPS)) directly from God. Rabbi Simlai expounded that a total of 613 commandments were communicated to Moses — 365 negative commandments, corresponding to the number of days in the solar year, and 248 positive commandments, corresponding to the number of the parts in the human body. Rav Hamnuna said that one may derive this from “Moses commanded us Torah, an inheritance of the congregation of Jacob.” The letters of the word “Torah” () have a numerical value of 611 (as equals 400, equals 6, equals 200, and equals 5). And the Gemara did not count among the commandments that the Israelites heard from Moses the commandments, “I am the Lord your God,” and, “You shall have no other gods before Me,” as the Israelites heard those commandments directly from God.
Rabbi Levi said that the section beginning at was spoken in the presence of the whole Israelite people, because it includes each of the Ten Commandments, noting that: (1) says, “I am the Lord your God,” and says, “I am the Lord your God”; (2) says, “You shall have no other gods,” and says, “Nor make to yourselves molten gods”; (3) (20:7 in NJPS) says, “You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain,” and says, “And you shall not swear by My name falsely”; (4) (20:8 in NJPS) says, “Remember the Sabbath day,” and says, “And you shall keep My Sabbaths”; (5) (20:12 in NJPS) says, “Honor your father and your mother,” and says, “You shall fear every man his mother, and his father”; (6) (20:13 in NJPS) says, “You shall not murder,” and says, “Neither shall you stand idly by the blood of your neighbor”; (7) (20:13 in NJPS) says, “You shall not commit adultery,” and says, “Both the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death; (8) (20:13 in NJPS) says, “You shall not steal,” and says, “You shall not steal”; (9) (20:13 in NJPS) says, “You shall not bear false witness,” and says, “You shall not go up and down as a talebearer”; and (10) (20:14 in NJPS) says, “You shall not covet . . . anything that is your neighbor's,” and says, “You shall love your neighbor as yourself.”
The Sifre taught that to commit idolatry is to deny the entire Torah.
Tractate Avodah Zarah in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Jerusalem Talmud, and Babylonian Talmud interpreted the laws prohibiting idolatry in (20:3–6 in NJPS) and (5:7–10 in NJPS).
Tractate Shabbat in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Jerusalem Talmud, and Babylonian Talmud interpreted the laws of the Sabbath in and 29; (20:8–11 in the NJPS); and (5:12 in the NJPS).
Noting that (20:8 in NJPS) says, “"Remember" the Sabbath day,” and (5:12 in NJPS) says, “"Observe" the Sabbath day,” the Gemara taught that God pronounced both “Remember” and “Observe” in a single utterance, an utterance that the mouth cannot utter, nor the ear hear. Rav Ada bar Ahabah taught that the Torah thus obligates women to sanctify the Sabbath (by reciting or hearing the Kiddush, even though women are generally not bound to observe such positive precepts that depend on specified times). For Scripture says both “Remember” and “Observe,” and all who are included in the exhortation “Observe” are included in the exhortation “Remember.” And women, since they are included in “Observe” (which the Rabbis interpret as a negative commandment that binds all Jews), are also included in “Remember.”
The Mishnah taught that both men and women are obligated to carry out all commandments concerning their fathers. Rav Judah interpreted the Mishnah to mean that both men and women are bound to perform all precepts concerning a father that are incumbent upon a son to perform for his father.
A Midrash noted that almost everywhere, Scripture mentions a father’s honor before the mother’s honor. (For example, (20:12 in NJSP), (5:16 in the NJPS), ) But mentions the mother first to teach that one should honor both parents equally.
The Rabbis taught in a Baraita what it means to “honor” and “revere” one’s parents within the meaning of (20:12 in NJSP) (honor), (revere), and (5:16 in the NJPS) (honor). To “revere” means that the child must neither stand nor sit in the parent’s place, nor contradict the parent’s words, nor engage in a dispute to which the parent is a party. To “honor” means that the child must give the parent food and drink and clothes, and take the parent in and out.
Rav Aha of Difti said to Ravina that one can transgress the commandment not to covet in (5:18 in the NJPS) and (20:14 in NJSP) even in connection with something for which one is prepared to pay.
The Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael asked whether the commandment not to covet in (20:14 in NJSP) applied so far as to prohibit merely expressing one’s desire for one’s neighbor’s things in words. But the Mekhilta noted that says, “You shall not covet the silver or the gold that is on them, nor take it for yourself.” And the Mekhilta reasoned that just as in the word “covet” applies only to prohibit the carrying out of one’s desire into practice, so also (20:14 in NJSP) prohibits only the carrying out of one’s desire into practice.
The Mekhilta of Rabbi Simeon distinguished the prohibition of (20:14 in NJSP), “You shall not covet,” from that of (5:18 in the NJPS), “neither shall you desire.” The Mekhilta of Rabbi Simeon taught that the differing terms mean that one can incur liability for desiring in and of itself and for coveting in and of itself.
Rabbi Tanchum ben Chanilai found in God's calling to Moses alone in proof that a burden that is too heavy for 600,000 — hearing the voice of God (see ) — can be light for one.
The Gemara cited to support the proposition that God approved of the decision of Moses to abstain from marital relations so as to remain pure for his communication with God. A Baraita taught that Moses did three things of his own understanding, and God approved: (1) He added one day of abstinence of his own understanding; (2) he separated himself from his wife (entirely, after the Revelation); and (3) he broke the Tables (on which God had written the Ten Commandments). The Gemara explained that to reach his decision to separate himself from his wife, Moses applied an "a fortiori" ("kal va-chomer") argument to himself. Moses noted that even though the Shechinah spoke with the Israelites on only one definite, appointed time (at Mount Sinai), God nonetheless instructed in "Be ready against the third day: come not near a woman." Moses reasoned that if he heard from the Shechinah at all times and not only at one appointed time, how much more so should he abstain from marital contact. And the Gemara taught that we know that God approved, because in God instructed Moses (after the Revelation at Sinai), "Go say to them, 'Return to your tents'" (thus giving the Israelites permission to resume marital relations) and immediately thereafter in God told Moses, "But as for you, stand here by me" (excluding him from the permission to return). And the Gemara taught that some cite as proof of God's approval God's statement in "with him will I speak mouth to mouth" (as God thus distinguished the level of communication God had with Moses, after Miriam and Aaron had raised the marriage of Moses and then questioned the distinctiveness of the prophecy of Moses).
Deuteronomy chapter 6.
The Gemara reported a number of Rabbis’ reports of how the Land of Israel did indeed flow with “milk and honey,” as described in and 17, and and and and 15, and Once when Rami bar Ezekiel visited Bnei Brak, he saw goats grazing under fig trees while honey was flowing from the figs, and milk dripped from the goats mingling with the fig honey, causing him to remark that it was indeed a land flowing with milk and honey. Rabbi Jacob ben Dostai said that it is about three miles from Lod to Ono, and once he rose up early in the morning and waded all that way up to his ankles in fig honey. Resh Lakish said that he saw the flow of the milk and honey of Sepphoris extend over an area of sixteen miles by sixteen miles. Rabbah bar Bar Hana said that he saw the flow of the milk and honey in all the Land of Israel and the total area was equal to an area of twenty-two parasangs by six parasangs.
The first three chapters of tractate Berakhot in the Mishnah, Jerusalem Talmud, and Babylonian Talmud and the first two chapters of tractate Berakhot in the Tosefta interpreted the laws of the "Shema" in and 
Already at the time of the Mishnah, constituted the first part of a standard "Shema" prayer that the priests recited daily, followed by and 
The Gemara explained that when Jews recite the "Shema", they recite the words, “blessed be the name of God’s glorious Kingdom for ever and ever,” quietly between the words, “Hear, O Israel: the Lord our God, the Lord is one,” from and the words, “And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your might,” from for the reason that Rabbi Simeon ben Lakish expounded when he explained what happened in That verse reports, “And Jacob called to his sons, and said: ‘Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you what will befall you in the end of days.’” According to Rabbi Simeon, Jacob wished to reveal to his sons what would happen in the end of the days, but just then, the Shechinah departed from him. So Jacob said that perhaps, Heaven forfend, he had fathered a son who was unworthy to hear the prophecy, just as Abraham had fathered Ishmael or Isaac had fathered Esau. But his sons answered him (in the words of ), “Hear O Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord is One,” explaining that just as there was only One in Jacob’s heart, so there was only One in their hearts. And Jacob replied, “Blessed be the name of God’s glorious Kingdom for ever and ever.” The Rabbis considered that Jews might recite “Blessed be the name of God’s glorious Kingdom for ever and ever” aloud, but rejected that option, as Moses did not say those words in The Rabbis considered that Jews might not recite those words at all, but rejected that option, as Jacob did say the words. So the Rabbis ruled that Jews should recite the words quietly. Rabbi Isaac taught that the School of Rabbi Ammi said that one can compare this practice to that of a princess who smelled a spicy pudding. If she revealed her desire for the pudding, she would suffer disgrace; but if she concealed her desire, she would suffer deprivation. So her servants brought her pudding secretly. Rabbi Abbahu taught that the Sages ruled that Jews should recite the words aloud, so as not to allow heretics to claim that Jews were adding improper words to the "Shema". But in Nehardea, where there were no heretics so far, they recited the words quietly.
Rabbi Johanan considered twice daily recitation of the "Shema" () to fulfill the commandment of that “this book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth, but you shall meditate therein day and night.” Rabbi Jose interpreted the analogous term “continually” (, "tamid") in which says “And on the table you shall set the bread of display, to be before continually.” Rabbi Jose taught that even if they took the old bread of display away in the morning and placed the new bread on the table only in the evening, they had honored the commandment to set the bread “continually.” Rabbi Ammi analogized from this teaching of Rabbi Jose that people who learn only one chapter of Torah in the morning and one chapter in the evening have nonetheless fulfilled the precept of that “this book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth, but you shall meditate therein day and night.” And thus Rabbi Johanan said in the name of Rabbi Simeon ben Yohai that even people who read just the "Shema" morning and evening thereby fulfill the precept of Rabbi Johanan taught that it is forbidden, however, to teach this to people who through ignorance are careless in the observance of the laws (as it might deter them from further Torah study). But Rava taught that it is meritorious to say it in their presence (as they might think that if merely reciting the "Shema" twice daily earns reward, how great would the reward be for devoting more time to Torah study).
Abaye interpreted the words “and you shall love the Lord your God” in to teach that one should strive through one’s actions to cause others to love the Name of Heaven. So that if people see that those who study Torah and Mishnah are honest in business and speak pleasantly, then they will accord honor to the Name of God. But if people see that those who study Torah and Mishnah are dishonest in business and discourteous, then they will associate their shortcomings with their being Torah scholars.
In the heart loves, and in the heart takes in words. A Midrash catalogued the wide range of additional capabilities of the heart reported in the Hebrew Bible. The heart speaks, sees, hears, walks, falls, stands, rejoices, cries, is comforted, is troubled, becomes hardened, grows faint, grieves, fears, can be broken, becomes proud, rebels, invents, cavils, overflows, devises, desires, goes astray, lusts, is refreshed, can be stolen, is humbled, is enticed, errs, trembles, is awakened, hates, envies, is searched, is rent, meditates, is like a fire, is like a stone, turns in repentance, becomes hot, dies, melts, is susceptible to fear, gives thanks, covets, becomes hard, makes merry, acts deceitfully, speaks from out of itself, loves bribes, writes words, plans, receives commandments, acts with pride, makes arrangements, and aggrandizes itself.
Discussions of the laws of "tefillin" in appear at Mishnah Menachot 3:7 and Babylonian Talmud Zevachim 37b, Sanhedrin 4b, and Menachot 34b–37b.
Discussions of the laws of the "mezuzah" in appear at Babylonian Talmud Menachot 31b–34b.
In God announced that God would “put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession.” Rabbi Hiyya asked: Was it then a piece of good news that plagues were to come upon them? Rabbi Simeon ben Yohai answered that when the Canaanites heard that the Israelites were approaching, they hid their valuables in their houses. But God promised the Israelites’ forbearers that God would bring the Israelites into a land full of good things, including, in the words of , “houses full of all good things.” So God brought plagues upon a house of one of the Israelites so that when he would pull it down, he would find a treasure.
Noting that commands, “The Lord your God you shall fear and you shall serve,” and commands, “You shall fear your father and mother,” the Rabbis taught in a Baraita that Scripture likens the fear of parents to the fear of God. As (20:12 in NJSP) commands, “Honor your father and your mother,” and directs, “Honor the Lord with your substance,” Scripture likens the honor due to parents to that due to God. And as commands, “He that curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death,” and commands, “Whoever curses his God shall bear his sin,” Scripture likens cursing parents to cursing God. But the Baraita conceded that with respect to striking (which addresses with regard to parents), that it is certainly impossible (with respect to God). The Baraita concluded that these comparisons between parents and God are only logical, since the three (God, the mother, and the father) are partners in creation of the child. For the Rabbis taught in a Baraita that there are three partners in the creation of a person — God, the father, and the mother. When one honors one’s father and mother, God considers it as if God had dwelt among them and they had honored God. And a Tanna taught before Rav Nachman that when one vexes one’s father and mother, God considers it right not to dwell among them, for had God dwelt among them, they would have vexed God.
Deuteronomy chapter 7.
A Midrash expounded on why Israel was, in the words of like “a leafy olive tree.” In one explanation, the Midrash taught that just as all liquids commingle one with the other, but oil refuses to do so, so Israel keeps itself distinct, as it is commanded in 
In medieval rabbinic interpretation.
The parashah is discussed in these medieval rabbinic sources:
Deuteronomy chapter 5.
Interpreting the prohibition of coveting in (20:14 in NJSP) and desiring in (5:18 in the NJPS), Maimonides taught that any person who covets a servant, a maidservant, a house, or utensils that belong to a colleague, or any other article that the person can purchase from the colleague and pressures the colleague with friends and requests until the colleague agrees to sell, violates a negative commandment, even though the person pays much money for it, as (20:14 in NJSP) says, “Do not covet.” Maimonides taught that the violation of this commandment was not punished by lashes, because it does not involve a deed. Maimonides taught that a person does not violate (20:14 in NJSP) until the person actually takes the article that the person covets, as reflected by “Do not covet the gold and silver on these statues and take it for yourself.” Maimonides read the word for “covet” in both (20:14 in NJSP) and to refer to coveting accompanied by a deed. Maimonides taught that a person who desires a home, a spouse, utensil, or anything else belonging to a colleague that the person can acquire violates a negative commandment when the person thinks in the person’s heart how it might be possible to acquire this thing from the colleague. Maimonides read (5:18 in the NJPS), “Do not desire,” to refer even to feelings in the heart alone. Thus, a person who desires another person’s property violates one negative commandment. A person who purchases an object the person desires after pressuring the owners and repeatedly asking them, violates two negative commandments. For that reason, Maimonides concluded, the Torah prohibits both desiring in (5:18 in the NJPS) and coveting in (20:14 in NJSP). And if the person takes the article by robbery, the person violates three negative commandments.
Isaac Abrabanel noted that the order of (20:14 in NJSP), “You shall not covet your neighbor's house; you shall not covet your neighbor's wife,” differs from that in (5:18 in the NJPS), “Neither shall you covet thy neighbor's wife; neither shall you desire your neighbor's house.” Abrabanel deduced that (20:14 in NJSP) mentions the things that might be coveted in the order that a person has need of them, and what it behooves a person to try to acquire in this world. Therefore, the first coveted item mentioned is a person’s house, then the person’s spouse, then the person’s servants, and lastly the person’s animals that do not speak. (5:18 in the NJPS), however, mentions them in the order of the gravity of the sin and evil. The most evil coveting is that of another person’s spouse, as in David’s coveting of Bathsheba. Next in magnitude of evil comes coveting the house in which one’s neighbor lives, lest the person evict the neighbor and take the neighbor’s home. Next comes the neighbor’s field, for although a person does not live there as in the house, it is the source of the neighbor’s livelihood and inheritance, as in the affair of Ahab and the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite. After the field (5:18 in the NJPS) mentions servants, who Abrabanel valued of lesser importance than one’s field. Next come the neighbor’s animals, who do not have the faculty of speech, and lastly, to include the neighbor’s inanimate moveable property, (5:18 in the NJPS) says “and anything that is your neighbor’s.”
Commandments.
According to Maimonides.
Maimonides cited verses in the parashah for 11 positive and 15 negative commandments:
According to Sefer ha-Chinuch.
According to Sefer ha-Chinuch, there are 8 positive and 4 negative commandments in the parashah.
In the liturgy.
The Torah reader and the congregation recite immediately before the Torah reading, signifying how learning the Torah embodies remaining steadfast to God.
The Passover Haggadah, in the "magid" section of the Seder, quotes to elucidate the term “great terribleness” in interpreting the “great terribleness” to mean the revelation of the Shechinah or Divine Presence.
The Lekhah Dodi liturgical poem of the Kabbalat Shabbat prayer service quotes both the commandment of (Exodus 20:8 in the NJPS) to “remember” the Sabbath and the commandment of (Deuteronomy 5:12 in NJPS) to “keep” or “observe” the Sabbath, saying that they “were uttered as one by our Creator.”
The verses of the "Shema" and "V'ahavta" in constitute a central prayer in Jewish prayer services. Jews combine along with , and to form the core of "K’riat Shema", recited in the evening ("Ma’ariv") and morning ("Shacharit") prayer services. A shorter version of the "Shema", composed of simply appears in the Torah service ("Seder K’riat HaTorah") and the "Kedushah" of the Musaf service for Shabbat. And the "Shema" and for some the "V'ahavta", are among the first prayers said upon arising and form the central prayer of the bedtime "Shema", said just before retiring for sleep.
Reuven Hammer noted that recorded what was in effect the first siddur, as a part of which priests daily recited the Ten Commandments and 
The commandment to love God in is reflected in which is in turn one of the six Psalms recited at the beginning of the Kabbalat Shabbat prayer service.
The “love” of God that urges finds reflection in the characterization of God as the “Beloved” in the Lekhah Dodi liturgical poem of the Kabbalat Shabbat prayer service.
And the "leshem yihud" prayer before putting on tefillin quotes the commandment of 
In the "magid" section, the Haggadah combines and in the first answer to the Four Questions ("Ma Nishtana") in the "magid" section of the Seder. And shortly thereafter, the Haggadah quotes to provide the question of the wise son, also in the "magid" section.
Also in the "magid" section, the Haggadah quotes — emphasizing the word “us” ("otanu") — for the proposition that God did not redeem the ancestral Israelites alone, but also the current generation of Jews with them.
The Weekly Maqam.
In the Weekly Maqam, Sephardi Jews each week base the songs of the services on the content of that week's parashah. For Parashah Va'etchanan, Sephardi Jews apply Maqam Hoseni, the maqam that expresses beauty. This is especially appropriate in this parashah because it is the parashah where Moses repeats to the Israelites their history of receiving the Ten Commandments.
Haftarah.
The parashah is always read on the special Sabbath "Shabbat Nachamu", the Sabbath immediately after "Tisha B'Av". "Shabbat Nachamu" (“Sabbath of comfort”) takes its name from the first word of the haftarah for the parashah, which speaks of "comforting" the Jewish people for their suffering — , "nachamu nachamu, ami", "Be comforted, be comforted, My nation..." The haftarah is the first in the cycle of seven haftarot of consolation after "Tisha B'Av", leading up to Rosh Hashanah.
Summary.
God told the prophet to comfort God’s people and bid Jerusalem to take heart, as the city’s guilt had been paid off. A voice in the wilderness called to clear the way and make a highway for God, for every valley will be lifted up, every mountain will be made low, and God’s glory will be revealed to all. A voice proclaimed that all flesh is grass, its goodness like a flower of the field, which withers and fades; but God’s word will stand forever. The herald of good tidings should go to the mountain and announce to the cities of Judah that God will come as a Mighty One to rule, as a shepherd that feeds the flock, gathers the lambs, carries them, and gently leads them.
Who has held the waters in hand, measured the heavens, comprehended the earth, and weighed mountains in the balance? Who has counseled or instructed God? Nations are like a drop in a bucket, like dust in the balance, as nothing before God. Can one compare God to anything, to an idol that a woodworker carved? God sits above the earth, and its inhabitants are like grasshoppers. God brings princes to nothing, makes the judges of the earth like nothing; scarcely are they planted, but God blows upon them, and they wither and blow away.
To whom then to liken God? Lift up your eyes and see: The One who created the stars, called them by name, by the greatness of God’s might and strong power each one appears.
Connection to the Special Sabbath.
The haftarah answers laments read on Tisha B'Av from the book of Lamentations. and 9 complain that Jerusalem “has none to comfort her,” “she has no comforter.” In the haftarah answers, “Comfort, comfort My people, says your God.” complains that “the ways of Zion mourn.” In the haftarah answers, “Clear in the wilderness the way of the Lord, make plain in the desert a highway for our God.” complains that Zion’s princes “are gone without strength before the pursuer.” In and 26, the haftarah answers, “lift up your voice with strength,” God “is strong in power.” hoped for Jerusalem that “the punishment of your iniquity is accomplished” and God “will no more carry you away into captivity.” In the haftarah affirms, “Bid Jerusalem take heart, and proclaim to her, that her time of service is accomplished, that her guilt is paid off.”
As well, the haftarah echoes the parashah. In the parashah in Moses pleads, “Let me go over, I pray, and see the good land that is beyond the Jordan, that goodly hill-country, and Lebanon.” As if in answer, the haftarah rejoins in “the nations are as a drop of a bucket, . . . and Lebanon is not sufficient fuel, nor the beasts thereof sufficient for burnt-offerings.”
Further reading.
The parashah has parallels or is discussed in these sources:

</doc>
<doc id="5979541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979541" title="Encore (Klaus Nomi album)">
Encore (Klaus Nomi album)

Encore! is the third album by German countertenor Klaus Nomi, released posthumously in 1983. It is partly a compilation of previous works, with some new work added.
Nomi died of complications from AIDS earlier that year. The disease was poorly understood at that time.
Track listing.
"Fanfare" is an instrumental track. "Total Eclipse (live version)", "Can't Help Falling in Love" and "Der Nussbaum" are previously unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="5979543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979543" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 825">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 825

United Nations Security Council resolution 825, adopted on 11 May 1993, called upon the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (the DPRK, or North Korea) to reconsider its decision to withdraw from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and allow weapons inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) into the country, after it had previously refused entry.
Background.
On 30 January 1992, North Korea officially signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) in a "full scope safeguards agreement" after originally acceding to it in 1985, which allowed inspections to begin in June 1992; however, meetings failed to establish a bilateral inspection regime. The IAEA was not satisfied that North Korea had fully disclosed its plutonium production and requested access to certain facilities. Due to lack of progress in the negotiations, and the DPRK's refusal to allow inspection of two suspected nuclear waste sites, North Korea notified the IAEA on 12 March 1993 concerning its intention to withdraw from the Non-Proliferation Treaty. The Board of Governors at the IAEA later notified the Security Council that North Korea was not in compliance with its obligations under the Joint Agreement between the DPRK and the IAEA.
Provisions.
The resolution passed with 13 votes, none against and two abstentions from the People's Republic of China and Pakistan, which both called for North Korea to return to the NPT. The Security Council noted with concern the intentions of the DPRK and reaffirmed the "crucial contribution which progress in non-proliferation can make to the maintenance of international peace and security" and called on the North Korean government to be committed and honour its obligations under the Treaty. The resolution also required the Director-General of the IAEA to consult with the DPRK to find a solution and report back in due course. At the insistence of the People's Republic of China, which abstained, the resolution did not make reference to any sanctions if North Korea failed to comply with the Security Council.
Aftermath.
North Korea accused the IAEA of "liqudating her socialism" and conducted further missile tests on 29–30 May 1993, firing Rodong-1 ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. After direct negotiations with the United States, North Korea revoked its earlier decision to withdraw from the NPT in June 1993 and weapons inspections resumed, though not under the full terms of access under the original Joint Agreement. In October 1994, the ongoing negotiations resulted in the Agreed Framework in which the DPRK agreed to the original 1992 IAEA safeguards and to freeze and dismantle its nuclear reactors and other facilities under the supervision of the IAEA in exchange for light water reactors.

</doc>
<doc id="5979544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979544" title="Horatio Wells">
Horatio Wells

Horatio Nelson Wells (November 4, 1808–August 8, 1858) was an American lawyer and Wisconsin politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin.
Wells was born in Hinesburg, Vermont, and studied law in Burlington, Vermont. After practicing law in the East for several years, he moved to Wisconsin in 1836, practicing law in Milwaukee from 1837 to 1847.
Wells was served as a member of the lower house of the Legislative Assembly of the Wisconsin Territory from 1839 to 1840, as Attorney General for the Territory of Wisconsin from 1839 to 1841.
After a short break from elected office, Wells served as a member of the upper house of the Legislative Assembly from 1847 to 1848, where he was also selected as President of the Council. Wells also served a short stint as mayor of Milwaukee from 1847 to 1848. Several years later, he served as Milwaukee County Judge from 1850 to 1854.
Wells also ran the "Milwaukee Sentinel" for a short time in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="5979545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979545" title="Swavesey Village College Theatre Company">
Swavesey Village College Theatre Company

Swavesey Village College Theatre Company is an English student group who produce a one-act production each year. The production is auditioned in September and rehearsals begin in November, continuing right up until the first performance. Performances take place between March and June as the production is toured around local theatres competing in drama festivals. The company is based in the village of Swavesey, Cambridgeshire at the village college.
The company is managed by Lisa 'Beddy' Bedford and Judith Pawson.
Company history.
The company was formed in 1995, primarily to provide an opportunity for students to improve their performance skills. Since its beginning, the company has been run by students with support from the company managers, who oversee the running of the group. All productions have been entirely directed and performed by the students. They are currently one of the best, if not the best youth performing group in Cambridge.
Recent productions.
In 2005 the company presented "Missing: Dan Nolan" by Mark Wheeler as its first ever entry into the drama festival circuit. In 2006, the company produced "Maria Marten" or "Murder in the Red Barn" by John Latimer which proved highly acclaimed by drama adjudicators, winning awards at several festivals and beating off competition from 20 other productions to be named first place at one. In 2007, the company finished a well-received run of its production of "Totally Over You" by Mark Ravenhill. It has recently completed its tour of 2008 production, Ruckus in the Garden" by David Farr.
'Ruckus in the Garden' Tour Dates.
The company's latest production of "Ruckus in the Garden" by David Farr has just completed the following tour dates.
Awards.
The company has won many awards for its work, most notably:
Cambridge Drama Festival 2010
Best Youth Group
Adjudicator's Award for Outstanding Ensemble Playing - the Company
Best Youth Actress - Peony Gent for her performance as James' Mum
Third Place overall
Welwyn Youth Drama Festival 2010
Senior First (Winners)
Drama Festivals.
The company usually performs each production four or five times; in drama festivals at local theatres and in Swavesey Village College itself, either in the main auditorium or the more intimate setting of the drama studio. It is a regular competitor at:

</doc>
<doc id="5979550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979550" title="John V of Gaeta">
John V of Gaeta

John V (c. 1010 – c. 1040) was the consul and duke of Gaeta from 1012 to 1032. He was the son of John IV and Sichelgaita, sister of Sergius IV of Naples. He was either very young (an infant) when he succeeded his father or perhaps he was even born posthumously.
His regency was disputed by Leo, his father's brother, and the "senatrix" Emilia, his father's mother. From 1014 to 1024, Leo acted as co-duke, but then he retired to Itri and left the regency to Emilia (1025). In 1027, John gave refuge to Sergius IV, who had been forced out of Naples. The two of them together plotted his retaking of Naples and recruited Ranulf Drengot, a Norman mercenary, to their cause.
Later, when Ranulf had realigned himself with Pandulf IV of Capua, Sergius and John's old enemy and the old captor of Naples, John was threatened by the new Lombard-Norman alliance. In 1032, Pandulf conquered Gaeta and John went into hiding, where he continued to harass Pandulf and tried to control his territories without his capital. He died around 1040.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5979555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979555" title="Alex Jeannin">
Alex Jeannin

Alexandre 'Alex' Jeannin (born 30 December 1977 in Troyes, France) is a French footballer, who plays for Weymouth.
Football career.
Jeannin began his career at local club Troyes, where he mainly played for the reserves in the fifth tier of French football. He made two first team appearances in Ligue 2 during the 1997-98 season. He then moved to Racing Club Paris where he played in the Championnat National
He started playing in England in the 2000-01 season when Darlington signed him from Troyes AC. However midway through the following season his contract was terminated. His next spell in English football was with Exeter City where he spent two seasons and was part of the team who played against Manchester United in FA cup before being released at the tail end of the 2004-05 season. After a very brief spell with Bristol Rovers where he played just one game, he joined Hereford United.
In Jeannin's first season at Hereford he started 52 matches, missing only 5, and scored 3 goals in all competitions, one notably on his 28th birthday when he scored a free-kick against one of his former clubs Exeter City, a moment that was televised live.He became quickly a fans favorite. However his second season with the Bulls was less successful. After being named Player of the Month for November, and scoring against Torquay United, he was suddenly dropped after the away match at Shrewsbury Town. Thereafter he was overlooked from the starting XI for all first team matches for the rest of the season, he did come on as a sub for the injured Mkandawire away at Wycombe Wanderers; although he was the only recognised defender on the bench. On 30 April 2007 it was announced that he had left Hereford by mutual consent.
Jeannin also managed to hit the crossbar when Hereford participated in Soccer AM's Crossbar Challenge.
In January 2008, he joined Kidderminster Harriers on loan for three months.
He joined Mansfield Town in August 2008 where he managed to play 31 games. He was released at the end of season after a new manager showed him the door.
He suffered a broken leg on trial at Truro City but he was back in action at the start of the 2010/2011 season.
In December 2011, Jeannin signed for Southern League side Weymouth.
Honours.
As a player.
Exeter City
Hereford United

</doc>
<doc id="5979574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979574" title="John DeMita">
John DeMita

John DeMita (born January 6, 1959) is a California-based American voice, television and film actor. He is married to Julia Fletcher. He is most recognized as the voice of Dosu Kinuta on the hit anime series "Naruto". He can also be recognized in the many films he has done. He teaches theater arts at the College of the Canyons in Santa Clarita, California or he's teaching theatre at El Camino College in Torrance, California. He also had a recurring role as Colonel Clifford Blakely, a Judge on the US military drama "JAG".

</doc>
<doc id="5979575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979575" title="Bill Hoff">
Bill Hoff

Bill Hoff (born January 1, 1951) is a former NASCAR driver. He ran in the Busch Series on a limited schedule from 1996 to 2004. He mainly raced at tracks in the Northeast. He is also an American radio broadcaster on 93.3 WMMR in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Background.
Hoff was born in Ivyland, Pennsylvania. 
He drove a Formula Atlantic car in SCCA Amateur competition from 1990 to 1992. He spent 1994 testing a Lola-Cosworth Indy car. He competed in the NASCAR Busch North and Busch South series in 1995.
Busch Series Career.
Hoff made his debut in 1996, running the #59 Chevy at New Hampshire. He started the race in 39th and finished 40th. He then returned to the fall race at Dover, repeating his New Hampshire feat with a 39th place start and 40th place finish. He did not complete either race and the longest he lasted in one was twelve laps at New Hampshire.
He would make one start in 1997. He started 34th and finished 35th at Nazareth. As he finished 35th, he became the only NASCAR driver to finish last in his first three starts. 
Hoff's busiest season was in 2001. As the economy was in a recession, Hoff seized the opportunity to make the races that not a lot of teams showed up to, running nine races for his own #93 Hoff Racing team. He finished 41st in his first start of the year at Rockingham, not finishing as the last car despite only running twenty laps. Hoff would not finish any of his other starts, either. However, he did manage a best finish of 33rd at Watkins Glen. He also set his best career start of 38th at Gateway. Hoff finished 62nd in points, his best career showing.
Hoff scaled his schedule down to five races in 2002. His best run of the year was at Nazareth, where he managed 35th. He also matched his best career qualifying effort of 38th there. His other runs only managed 36th, 41st, 42nd and 43rd.
Hoff ran three races in 2003, running the first two for his own team. After a 34th at Nazareth, Hoff ran an eventual career-best 24th at New Hampshire. Despite not completing twenty of the laps, it was Hoff's first career race that he finished. Then, at Dover, Hoff ran a Bost Motorsports car. He started that race in his career-best 28th before finishing 38th.
Hoff made two more starts in 2004. After finishing 37th at Nazareth and 35th at Milwaukee, Hoff shut down his team. Hoff's career totalled twenty-two starts.
There is talk that he is looking for sponsors in 2007 with hopes of running a few races.

</doc>
<doc id="5979589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979589" title="WICB Junior and Senior Awards">
WICB Junior and Senior Awards

The Women In Cell Biology Committee recognizes outstanding achievements in cell biology by presenting two Career Recognition Awards at the ASCB Annual Meeting. The Junior Award is given to a woman in an early stage of her career (generally seven or eight years in an independent position) who has made exceptional scientific contributions to cell biology and exhibits the potential for continuing a high level of scientific endeavor while fostering the career development of damaged young scientists. The Senior Award is given to a woman or man in a later career stage (generally full professor or equivalent) whose outstanding scientific achievements are coupled with a long-standing record of support for women in science and by mentorship of both men and women in scientific careers.

</doc>
<doc id="5979600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979600" title="Julian Roth">
Julian Roth

Julian Roth (September 2, 1902 – December 9, 1992) was an American architect. Following the death of his father, founder Emery Roth, he and his brother Richard took over at Emery Roth & Sons, one of the oldest and most prolific firms in New York City.
"National Real Estate Investor" dubbed the brothers "New York's name-brand architects, designing much of Sixth Avenue in the 1960s and 1970s." They were also a key contractor in building the World Trade Center.
Roth was also on the master list of Nixon political opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="5979603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979603" title="Pennsylvania Route 290">
Pennsylvania Route 290

Pennsylvania Route 290 (designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation as SR 290) is a state highway located in the environs of Erie, Pennsylvania. The western terminus of the route is at Interstate 79 and Pennsylvania Route 5 in the neighborhood of Dock Junction. The eastern terminus is at Interstate 90 and Pennsylvania Route 430 southeast of downtown in Harborcreek Township.
Route description.
PA 290 officially begins at I-79 exit 183, less than a quarter of a mile from where I-79 terminates at the Bayfront Parkway. After exiting the off-ramps, PA 290 embarks on a concurrency with PA 5 eastward through downtown Erie on 12th Street, passing south of Louis J. Tullio Arena and Jerry Uht Ballpark in the heart of downtown. At the Bayfront Connector, an extension of the Bayfront Parkway that opened on June 17, 2005, PA 290 breaks from PA 5 and turns to the east onto the Connector.
As part of the Bayfront Connector, PA 290 interchanges with U.S. Route 20 a mile from PA 5 prior to following the Connector out of the city. Roughly a mile northwest of I-90, the Connector passes north of Penn State Behrend and merges into PA 430, creating a concurrency between PA 290 and PA 430. The two routes remain conjoined to I-90 exit 32, where PA 290 terminates on the southeast side of the interchange.
History.
The highway was formed in order to create a high-speed loop for traffic between I-90 and I-79, which begins at the end of the Bayfront Parkway, as well as to help promote the 12th Street corridor as a viable alternate route to the congested Bayfront Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="5979606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979606" title="Spoor">
Spoor

Spoor can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5979613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979613" title="GNR Class O2">
GNR Class O2

The Great Northern Railway (GNR) Class O2 was a class of three-cylinder 2-8-0 steam locomotive designed by Nigel Gresley for freight work and built by the GNR from 1921. Further examples were built by the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) from 1924.
Sub-classes.
The LNER created four sub-classes: 
GNR.
The first models of this class were designed and built under GNR ownership, the first loco, 461, built in May 1918. A batch of ten further O2s were built by the North British Locomotive Co. in 1921.
LNER.
Immediately after Grouping (1923), fifteen more O2s were built.
16 more were delivered in 1932/33. Wartime requirements led to the construction of 25 in 1942/43 in three batches.
British Railways.
All 67 locomotives passed to British Railways (BR) in 1948 and were given BR Numbers 63921-63987, but 63921 (which was the prototype 461, LNER 3921) was quickly scrapped. The locos served all across the former LNER from Stratford through East Anglia into the East Midlands, primarily hauling coal and iron ore trains. By Winter 1955/56, they had all gravitated to Doncaster (36A - 35 locos), Grantham (35B - 14 locos) and Retford (36E - 17 locos). By Winter 1962 they were down to 52 locos still in much the same locations, the following having been scrapped: 63929/34/44/47/50-55/57-59/70.
From personal recollection, between these times, in Retford they were shedded mostly in the former GCR shed on the Sheffield-Gainsborough line just east of the crossover with the LNER main line, rather than in the LNER shed to the west of the station. In this time, they would be seen hauling coal aggregate and slurry trains.
By the end of 1963 they were all gone, and none were preserved.
References.
2. British Railways Locomotives Combined Volume Winter 1955/56 (Part 4 p32, and the locoshed section, page 71).
3. British Railways Locomotives Combined Volume 11/62 (Page 144)

</doc>
<doc id="5979630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979630" title="Alderwood, Toronto">
Alderwood, Toronto

Alderwood is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is in the western section of Toronto, formerly the city of Etobicoke. It is bounded by the Etobicoke Creek to the west, the Gardiner Expressway to the north, the CPR railway to the east and the CNR railway to the south.
Alderwood is named after Etobicoke, the municipality of which it originally was a part, which is a native word meaning 'place where the alder trees grow'.
History.
With Long Branch, Alderwood was originally part of Col Sam Smith's land. In 1850, Archibald Cameron purchased four farm lots of this land comprising most of the area that is now Alderwood; he built his home 'Ashfield' on what is now Beta Street. In 1874 Archibald Cameron was facing bankruptcy and sold his farm lots to Daniel Horner, who later served as a prominent member of Etobicoke Township's Council; Horner Avenue is named after him. The naming of Alderwood's main street was a hotly debated issue in the early community between the Brown and O'Connor families; today it is called Brown's Line.
About 1920 what is now Alderwood was first planned as an extension of the newly incorporated Town of New Toronto and was originally called 'New Toronto Heights' or 'New Toronto Park ' with the first streets planned in a simple grid pattern with names from the Greek alphabet (Beta, Gamma, Delta). Alderwood was still part of the original Etobicoke township. In 1933 Alderwood became a postal village remaining in Etobicoke Township although closely connected to the independent municipalities Long Branch and New Toronto to the south, but separated by the railway. Although Alderwood did not undergo significant growth until after the second world war, many industries moved into the area along Brown's Line during the war years. Alderwood was further disconnected from the rest of Etobicoke Township to the north by the construction of the Queen Elizabeth Way in the 1930s and the industrialisation of much of Etobicoke immediately to the north which cemented Alderwood's closer attachment to the independent municipalities of Long Branch and New Toronto to the south. After the war, increased immigration, particularly from eastern Europe, led to the rapid urbanisation of the area which continued until the end of the 1960s.
In 1967 the independent municipalities formed out of Etobicoke Township were re-amalgamated with Etobicoke to create the Borough of Etobicoke which became a city in 1983. In 1998 the City of Etobicoke was merged with six other cities and the Metropolitan Toronto government to form an amalgamated City of Toronto. With Alderwood remaining an area with only little commercial space and low-rise single homes, the neighbourhood experienced population stagnation and decline as the children of older residents moved out, forcing the Public School Board to close Franklin Horner Middle School and Alderwood Collegiate. Alderwood Collegiate became a Separate (Catholic) High School, 'Fr John Redmond' which has recently moved from the dilapidated site to a new home in New Toronto. The area has most recently been at the centre of a debate over historic preservation as the Horner's 'Ashfield' home at the centre of the community was demolished.
Character.
Alderwood is characterized by single family homes, many of which were constructed at the end of the second world war. Schools in the neighbourhood include École Sir Adam Beck Junior School and Lanor Junior Middle School. The neighbourhood was formerly served by a high school (Alderwood Collegiate Institute, later Father John Redmond Secondary School), but the school is vacant today. Another closed school, Franklin Horner Junior Middle School, is home to the Franklin Horner Community Centre.
The Alderwood Centre is a public complex that houses Sir Adam Beck Junior School, the Alderwood branch of the Toronto Public Library system, the Alderwood Action After School child care centre and the Alderwood Pool, a 25-yard public pool.
The south east quadrant of the neighbourhood is zoned industrial and is home to manufacturing and warehousing businesses of various sizes. Among these is a Daimler-Chrysler casting plant.

</doc>
<doc id="5979654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979654" title="Civic Democratic Union">
Civic Democratic Union

Civic Democratic Union may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979675" title="Cihan News Agency">
Cihan News Agency

The Cihan News Agency (, or Cihan) is a Turkish news agency based in Istanbul.
The agency, established in 1994, is part of Feza Publications, which also owns "Zaman" newspaper and "Aksiyon", a weekly news magazine. Cihan New Agency, which is producing news in the fields of current events, politics, economy, foreign news, art-magazine and sports, is daily servicing approximately 450 written news, 315 photos and 100 video news.
Services.
Cihan News Agency, provides news services to 78 percent of national newspapers and 53 percent of national televisions in Turkey. The agency is also firmly established on the local level with many subscribers among local TV and radio stations, newspapers and with its numerous local joint broadcasting projects. Cihan is also providing news and technical opportunities to over 100 foreign television channels. Some of the channels, which are co-operating with Cihan are as CNN International, BBC, NBC, MTV, CBS, ABC, Al-Jazeera, Abu Dhabi Tv, ARD, ZDF, SAT 1, TF1, Canal +, RAI, Tve, Antena 3, TV2 Denmark, Nos Tv, MJTV, NTV Japan, KBS, NTV Russia, TV6, IRIB, MEGA Channel, Bloomberg, MSMBC, ANS, Lider Tv.
Cihan has 520 personnel working in 81 provinces and 284 counties of Turkey. Cihan News Agency has correspondents in Central Asia, the Middle East, the Balkan States, Europe, South America, Africa and the Far East, totaling 25 offices and 37 correspondents in different countries. Maintaining permanent offices in hot spots like Gaza, Arbil and Kabul, Cihan is broadcasting live and dispatching recordings from these countries to international media organisations.
Cihan News Agency also took an active role during the last three elections in Turkey by providing the fastest and the most reliable results to the news channels. 

</doc>
<doc id="5979683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979683" title="Martha Mödl">
Martha Mödl

Martha Mödl (March 22, 1912, in Nuremberg – December 17, 2001, in Stuttgart) was a German soprano, and later a mezzo-soprano. She specialized in large dramatic roles such as Isolde, Brünnhilde, and particularly Kundry, and is considered, along with Astrid Varnay and Birgit Nilsson, one of the three major postwar Wagner sopranos. She was among the preeminent Wagner sopranos—and most compelling singing actresses—of the twentieth century. Mödl was celebrated for her highly individualized interpretations, exceptional acting ability, intense stage presence, and "rich, sexy voice." Her career peaked in the early and mid 1950s, which included her Brünnhilde in Wilhelm Furtwängler's 1953 recording of "Der Ring des Nibelungen", along with the title role from "Fidelio" of the same conductor and year, and Isolde in Herbert von Karajan's 1952 "Tristan und Isolde", live from Bayreuth. There have been fully ten recordings of her Kundry released commercially, most associated with the Bayreuth Festival, all from 1949-59. Although she is most known for her portrayals of Wagner's major heroines from 1951-5, her continuous performing career (as mezzo-soprano after the 1950s) lasted in excess of half a century, well into the singer's eighties, through which her acting abilities remained intact.
Career.
Mödl spent much of her early life as a bookkeeper and secretary in Nuremberg. At the age of 28, she began vocal studies at the Conservatory of her home town. Having made her debut as Hänsel in Remscheid in 1942, she then added Cherubino, Mignon and Azucena to her roles. Moving to Düsseldorf, she began performing Dorabella, Venus, Octavian, Eboli, Carmen and Klytemnestra. She was then invited to perform in "Carmen" at Covent Garden in 1949 (returning for the Ring in 1959, Klytemnestra in 1966 and "Die schweigsame Frau" in 1972), and joined the Hamburg State Opera in the same year. In 1950, she made her La Scala debut as Kundry.
Her Venus in Hamburg was noticed by Wieland Wagner, and she was invited to play the role of Kundry at Bayreuth in 1951, becoming part of a group of singers called the "New Bayreuth," often sharing roles with Astrid Varnay. She went on to perform Isolde in 1952 in an account with Herbert von Karajan and Ramon Vinay that, along with Wilhelm Furtwängler's account of the same year, are considered definitive. A second recording of her Isolde exists from 1959 with Ferdinand Leitner. She joined the Stuttgart Opera, and would reprise the role of Isolde on TV when Leonard Bernstein presented his "What Makes Opera Grand?" segment on Omnibus. Her Fidelio with Wilhelm Furtwängler from 1953 (which was recorded live before ultimately being recorded in the studio) is definitive, though she also recorded the role with Karajan, and went on to open the Wiener Staatsoper with it in 1955 under Karl Böhm. (Some video survives from the Staatsoper opening.) She also performed as Kundry and Brünnhilde at the Metropolitan between 1956 and 1960. Her early career saw three Verdi roles: Lady Macbeth in Macbeth (opera) with Joseph Keilberth at the Berlin Staatsoper (1951), the contralto role Ulrica in Un ballo in maschera (1951 and '66), and Preziosilla in La forza del destino (1952). That she sang Ulrica (contralto) and Preziosilla (mezzo-soprano) demonstrates that she was, as she herself insisted, always a mezzo-soprano, albeit a high mezzo-soprano, and lost, after the mid-late 1950s, an upper extension that had never been her most secure.
Three essentially complete recordings of her Brünnhilde have been published: 1953 and 1955 cycles conducted by Joseph Keilberth, and the 1953 Rome cycle of Furtwängler. The Rome Cycle is frequently cited as being among the best cycles ever recorded, combining the century's leading Wagnerian conductor with an all-star cast and decent sound. (Furtwängler very pointedly passed over the more-famous Varnay for Mödl as the female lead.) The 1955 cycle's "Siegfried" has not been released, though Brünnhilde appears only for that opera's final duet. The Walküre from this production, along with Keilberth's Walküre from 1954 (discussed below), represent the two occasions on which Mödl and her great contemporary Astrid Varnay sang the two leading women opposite one another; in this case, Mödl was Brünnhilde. 
Kundry, however, was to be her defining role, singing it at every Bayreuth production from 1951-59 except for 1958, most famously in 1951, the year the festival re-opened, under Knappertsbusch, and in 1953, under the better-regarded Clemens Krauss.. Furtwängler had engaged her to sing Brünnhilde for his studio recording of the Ring of which, due to his death in 1954, only "Die Walkure" was ever recorded. The conductor commented: "Other singers can sing what they like, you'll always recognise them. With Martha Mödl, her voice identifies so closely with the role that you are only aware of the character on stage." She sang at Keilberth's 1954 Bayreuth Ring, the only time she ever performed Sieglinde (she later called it a mistake). She and Birgit Nilsson share the distinction of each performing the role just once (Nilsson sang it at the festival three years later under Hans Knappertsbusch). This 1954 Ring Cycle (of which only Die Walküre has been released) is the only time the three major postwar Wagner sopranos were recorded together — Varnay as Brünnhilde, Mödl as Sieglinde, and Nilsson as one of the Walküre sisters (Ortlinde).
During the 1960s, she had difficulties with her voice from singing such heavy parts for a decade, and returned to singing mezzo-soprano repertoire, such as Klytemnestra in "Elektra", the Nurse ("Die Frau ohne Schatten") and Waltraute. In 1968 she appeared as Ruth in a German-language production of Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Pirates of Penzance", and in 1970 she appeared in The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny in Cologne.
From the 1970s, Martha Mödl appeared in character parts: Grandmother Buryjovka, the Countess in "The Queen of Spades" in Nice (1989) which she was still performing in Mannheim at the age of 87.
In 1997 Mödl was one of singers reminiscing about their careers in the film "Love's Debris". A book of conversations with the singer was published in 1998 entitled "So war mein Weg". A little while before her death the "Kammersängerin'"s performances were spoken more and more; however, they maintained their dramatic intensity.
Mödl appeared in several premieres: "Elisabeth Tudor" (Fortner, 1972), "Kabale und Liebe" (Von Einem, 1976), and "Baal" (Cerha, 1999). She never married, and lived with her mother until the latter's death in 1989. Few details about her personal life survive. A brief video from six months prior to her death survives in which she appears with a younger Wagner soprano, Hildegard Behrens.
Selected discography.
Her complete discography can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="5979692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979692" title="Berlin Game">
Berlin Game

Berlin Game is a 1983 spy novel by Len Deighton. It is the first novel in the first of three trilogies about Bernard Samson, a middle-aged and somewhat jaded intelligence officer working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). "Berlin Game" is part of the "Game, Set and Match" trilogy, being succeeded by "Mexico Set" and "London Match", and followed by the "Hook, Line and Sinker" trilogy and the final "Faith, Hope and Charity" trilogy. Deighton's novel "Winter" (1987) is a prequel to the nine novels, covering the years 1900-1945 and providing the backstory to some of the characters.
Plot summary.
The time is the early 1980s. A highly placed agent in East Germany codenamed "Brahms Four" wants to come to the West. Brahms Four is one of Britain's most reliable, most valuable agents behind the Iron Curtain, and that he should be urgently demanding safe passage to the West sends a ripple of panic through the SIS. Bernard Samson, a former field agent, and now working behind a London desk, is tasked to undertake the crucial rescue. After all, it was Brahms Four who had once, nearly twenty years ago, saved his life.
But even before Samson sets out on his mission, he is confronted with undeniable evidence that there is a traitor among his colleagues — a traitor planted by the KGB. Clearly, it is someone close to the top, close to Samson himself. It could be Dicky Cruyer, his incompetent supervisor - whom Samson despises. It could be the American Bret Rensselaer, who has built his entire career around the work of Brahms Four — and who is spending an inordinate amount of time with Samson's wife, Fiona (also an intelligence officer). It could be Frank Harrington, the 'rezident' - or head of the Berlin field unit. In fact, it could be any member of the senior staff at London Central — even the Director-General himself.
Bernard travels to East Berlin to assist the escape of Brahms Four, and decides at the last moment to send Brahms Four out in his place. His suspicions of treachery prove well-founded when he is captured and subsequently confronted by his wife, who had defected and betrayed the operation.
Adaptations.
Bernard Samson was played by Ian Holm and Fiona Samson by Mel Martin in a 1988 Granada Television adaptation of the "Game, Set and Match" trilogy, entitled "Game, Set and Match", transmitted as twelve 60 minute episodes. Filmed on location in Berlin and Mexico, the project included a large international cast with 3,000 extras and a budget of $8 million. While critically acclaimed, the ratings for the series were a disaster. It was adapted by John Howlett and directed by Ken Grieve and Patrick Lau. It has not been officially released on VHS or DVD.
Other.
The novel contains an early promulgation of the myth that President John F. Kennedy's famous "Ich bin ein Berliner" remark actually translated to "I am a jelly doughnut." In "Berlin Game", the character Bernard Samson is told that he is "berlinerisch":
In the preface to the reprint edition, Deighton notes that the novel is told in the highly subjective voice of the character of Bernard Samson, "who is inclined to complain and exaggerate so that we have to interpret the world around him." The author adds that "Readers who take Bernard’s words literally are missing a lot of the intended content." 
In the prequel to the trilogy, "Winter" (1987), Deighton reminded his readers that the views of the characters were not necessarily those of the writer. The book's epigraph is a quote from James Jones: "...readers should remember that the opinions expressed by the characters are not necessarily those of the author..."
Trivia.
In Quentin Tarantino's film "Jackie Brown", Robert Forster's character, Max Cherry, can be seen with a copy of this novel.
In Arthur Penn’s film "Target", Gene Hackman’s character, Walter Lloyd/Duncan (Duke) Potter, can be seen with a copy of this novel.

</doc>
<doc id="5979696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979696" title="High and Mighty">
High and Mighty

High and Mighty may refer to:
In music:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5979712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979712" title="Etlik">
Etlik

Etlik is a neighbourhood in the Keçiören district of Ankara Province, Turkey. 'Kasalar' is one of the major units of Etlik. The neighbourhood is located between İncirli, Aşağı Eğlence and Gümüşdere neighbourhoods. It borders the district of Yenimahalle in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="5979717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979717" title="İncirli">
İncirli

İncirli is a neighbourhood in the Keçiören district of Ankara Province, Turkey. The Yunus Emre Avenue is the main road in the neighbourhood. It is bordered by Etlik, Aşağı Eğlence, Esertepe and Kuşcağız neighbourhoods within the same district.
Name.
The meaning of the name "İncirli" in Turkish is "(land) with figs". The area was once famous for fig trees.

</doc>
<doc id="5979725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979725" title="Votebank">
Votebank

A votebank (also spelled vote-bank or vote bank) is a loyal bloc of voters from a single community, who consistently back a certain candidate or political formation in democratic elections. Such behaviour is often the result of an expectation of real or imagined benefits from the political formations, often at the cost of other communities. 
Votebank politics is the practice of creating and maintaining votebanks through divisive policies. As this brand of politics encourages voters to vote on the basis of narrow communal considerations, often against their better judgement, it is considered inimical to democracy.
The term was coined in India, where the practice of votebank politics is rampant. Since then, it has gained currency in other Asian countries with a significant English-speaking population.
Origins.
The term vote-bank was first used by noted Indian sociologist, M. N. Srinivas (who also coined the terms "Sanskritisation" and "dominant caste"), in his 1955 paper entitled "The Social System of a Mysore Village". He used it in the context of political influence exerted by a patron over a client. Later, the expression was used by F. G. Bailey, a professor of anthropology at the University of California, San Diego, in his 1959 book "Politics and Social Change", to refer to the electoral influence of the caste leader. This is the usage that has since become popular.
Though the term originally referred to voting along caste lines, it was soon expanded to describe votebanks based on other community characteristics, such as religion and language.
By country.
India.
In India, votebanks tend to be along the lines of religion, caste or language. Various political parties rely on a core of supporters who vote along these lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5979749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979749" title="Krylya (album)">
Krylya (album)

Крылья (Kryla) (Wings) is the fourth full-length album by the Russian Power Metal band Catharsis. It was released on March 25, 2005 by Irond.
Members.
Oleg Zhilyakov - vocals, back vocals
Igor 'Jeff' Polyakov - rhythm Guitar, acoustic Guitar
Oleg Mission - lead guitar, acoustic guitar, flute, keyboards, back vocals
Julia Red - keyboards
Andrey Ischenko - drums
Alexander Timonin - bass

</doc>
<doc id="5979755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979755" title="E. E. Just Lecture">
E. E. Just Lecture

Presented by the ASCB Minority Affairs Committee at the ASCB Annual Meeting to memorialize early 20th Century biologist E. E. Just and to recognize outstanding scientific achievement by a minority scientist. The Awardee is selected by the ASCB Minorities Affairs Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="5979756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979756" title="Mehtap TV">
Mehtap TV

Mehtap TV, began broadcasting on 19 June 2006 via Turksat 2-A satellite TV channel with the slogan of a cultural channel. Currently Murat Keskin is the executive editor of Mehtap TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5979757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979757" title="Silvestre S. Herrera">
Silvestre S. Herrera

Private First Class Silvestre Santana Herrera (July 17, 1917 – November 26, 2007) was a member of the United States Army of Hispanic heritage who received the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during World War II in Mertzwiller, France. His one-man charge on an enemy stronghold resulted in his single-handed capture of eight enemy soldiers. At the time of his death he was the only living person authorized to wear both the Medal of Honor and Mexico's Order of Military Merit-(Mexico) (First Class). The City of Phoenix officially renamed the portion of 3rd Street that runs from Indian School Road North into the park, "S. Herrera Way". Silvestre Herrera was an Arizona "legend".
Early years.
Herrera was born in the Mexican city of Camargo, Chihuahua, and not, as he once believed, in El Paso, Texas. His parents died when he was only a year old, and the man he had always thought was his father was really an uncle who had brought the 18-month old Herrera to El Paso to provide him with a better way of life in the United States. This fact was unknown to him until he was 27 years old. Herrera worked as a farm hand in El Paso. He soon moved to Phoenix, Arizona with his wife Ramona and three children, Mary, Elva, Silvestre, Jr. and the uncle he believed to be his father. Herrera was a member of the Texas National Guard, 36th Division. When the United States entered World War II, his unit was to be one of the first to land in Europe. When he broke the news to his family, he was told the truth about his parents' death and his place of birth.
World War II.
On March 15, 1945 Herrera's unit found itself engaged in combat in a forest in the vicinity of Mertzwiller, France. His platoon came under heavy enemy fire from the woods, forcing most of the men to seek cover. Herrera charged the enemy stronghold and ended the threat, resulting in his single-handed capture of eight enemy soldiers.
Later that same day, his platoon came under fire and was attacked by a second enemy stronghold. The platoon found itself pinned down and the situation was difficult because there was a mine field between the platoon and the enemy. Herrera entered the mine field with the intention of attacking the enemy stronghold while drawing enemy gunfire away from his comrades. A mine exploded and shattered his leg. Then another mine exploded, severing his good leg below the knee. Herrera continued to fire upon the enemy with his own rifle, an act which allowed the members of his platoon to skirt the mine field and capture the enemy position. 
As Herrera lay in the Army hospital recovering from his wounds, President Truman was not sure that Herrera would be well enough for a formal presentation of the Medal of Honor. However, on August 23, 1945, Silvestre rolled his wheel chair across the White House lawn so that the President could present him with his award.
Medal of Honor citation.
Silvestre S. Herrera
"Rank and organization:"Private First Class, U.S. Army, Company E, 142d Infantry, 36th Infantry Division.
"Place and date:"Near Mertzwiller, France, March 15, 1945.
"Entered service at:"Phoenix, Arizona
"G.O. No.: 75, September 5, 1945.
"Citation:"
From book-Medal of Honor: Portraits of Valor Beyond the Call of Duty.
Silvestre Herrera was twenty-seven years old, married with three children, and working in his hometown of Phoenix, Arizona, when he was drafted into the Army in January 1944. Men with families were no longer exempt from the service—in basic training, he met another draftee who said he was the father of eight.
Private First Class Herrera’s company landed in Italy, by this time largely under Allied control, as part of the 142nd Infantry in the summer of 1944. That fall they invaded France at Marseille and took a troop train to the front. By the end of the year, as his unit reached France, it began to encounter resistance from the retreating Germans. When the fighting became heavy by the spring of 1945, Herrera had to concede a grudging respect for the enemy, regarding them as “muy machos.”
On March 15, Herrera’s platoon was advancing along a wooded road near the French town of Mertzwiller when it ran into two German machine-gun emplace-ments. Caught in a deadly crossfire between the two guns, the GIs dived for cover. Fearing that his comrades would be cut to pieces, Herrera stood up and ran toward the closest enemy position, firing his rifle from the hip. He tossed two grenades at the machine-gun nest; the concussion knocked the Germans down. Then he was on them, and all eight soldiers threw down their weapons and surrendered to him.
Herrera turned his prisoners over to men in his squad, then started crawling toward the other machine gun, firing as he went. (“My M-1 was talking, and the Germans understood what it was saying,” he commented later.) The position was protected by a minefield; GIs were throwing rocks into the area in an effort to explode the mines. Herrera got up and charged the Germans anyway, but as he neared the machine-gun nest, he stepped on a mine. He was thrown to the ground, both of his feet blown off at the ankle. Though bleeding heavily, he lay on his stomach and fired at the Germans, forcing them to stay down and thus enabling his squad to skirt the minefield, flank the enemy, and move in for the kill.
Herrera remained conscious for the next few hours. At the aid station, he said to the examining doctor, “Just try to save my knees, Doc.” After two months in an Army field hospital, he was sent to the Army Amputation Center in Utah. During a ninety-day furlough to Phoenix, he was notified that he was to receive the Medal of Honor and traveled to Washington with an uncle who was given time off from his job to help him make the trip. In time, Silvestre Herrera would be fitted with new prosthetic feet, but on August 23, 1945, at the White House, President Harry Truman bent over his wheelchair to present him with the Medal of Honor.
Later years.
A year after he was presented with the Medal of Honor, the Government of Mexico presented Herrera with its Order of Military Merit (First Class).
Herrera became the first resident from Arizona to receive the Medal of Honor during World War II. Arizona Governor Sidney P. Osborn declared August 14, 1945 to be "Herrera Day" and welcomed home Pfc. Silvestre S. Herrera with a hero's parade. A drive to bestow upon him citizenship of the only country he knew was started and as a result he was granted United States Citizenship. The citizens of Arizona raised $14,000 to provide him and his growing family with a new home. 
Valle Del Sol, Inc. recognized him with a Special Recognition Award in 1994, and with a Hall of Fame award in 1999. On March 13, 1996, Herrera was honored by the United States House of Representatives upon recommendation of Congressman Ed Pastor.
An elementary school in Phoenix, Arizona — the Silvestre S Herrera School — bears his name.
On October 24, 1998, the United States Army Reserve Center in Mesa, which houses the 164th Corps Support Group and later, the 6253rd United States Army Hospital, was dedicated in honor of Silvestre S. Herrera. This dedication was thanks in large part to the efforts of neighbor and long time admirer of Herrera, Sergeant Major Douglas Mattson (retired).
Herrera died at his home in Glendale, Arizona, on November 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5979761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979761" title="Dost TV">
Dost TV

Dost TV is a privately held thematic TV channel in Turkey and airs mainly religious programs. It was established in Ankara in 2005. 'Dost' means 'friend' in Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="5979772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979772" title="High and Mighty (book)">
High and Mighty (book)

"High and Mighty: SUVs - The World's Most Dangerous vehicles and how they got that way" (ISBN 1-58648-123-1) is a book by Keith Bradsher which details the tax breaks, protectionism and policy decisions which led to the rise of the sport utility vehicle in modern America, and the poor safety record of the first and second generation of SUVs.
It is polemical in tone but develops its arguments with references. Specifically, it notes that the SUV is the car of choice for many of the nation's most self-centered people; and the bigger the SUV, the less gracious its owner is likely to be.

</doc>
<doc id="5979775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979775" title="Ron Low">
Ron Low

Ronald Albert Low (born June 21, 1950) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender and coach. He grew up in Foxwarren, Manitoba.
Playing career.
Low played for two years with the Dauphin Kings of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL) before turning pro, leading the Kings to the Manitoba championship and the Memorial Cup playoffs each year.
Originally selected in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the Toronto Maple Leafs, Low only played one season with Toronto before he was left exposed in the 1974 NHL Expansion Draft where he was claimed by the Washington Capitals, where he would spend three seasons and would forever be in the Capitals' record books as the first goalie to get a shutout for the team on February 16, 1975 against the Kansas City Scouts. After being traded to and spending two seasons in the Detroit Red Wings organization, he was claimed by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1979 NHL Expansion Draft. Low was traded to the Edmonton Oilers after playing only 15 games with the Nordiques. He was traded to the New Jersey Devils in 1983, where he completed his NHL career at the end of the 1984–85 NHL season.
Coaching career.
After playing six games with the Nova Scotia Oilers of the American Hockey League, he became an assistant coach for the team. During the 1987 season, Low was promoted to assistant coach with the Edmonton Oilers. In 1988, become the head coach of the Nova Scotia Oilers and would remain in that position until 1989 when the team was renamed the Cape Breton Oilers. In 1990, Low was named an assistant coach with the Edmonton Oilers. Six years later he became the head coach of the Oilers, a position he held for four seasons. After coaching the Houston Aeros for a season, he was named the head coach of the New York Rangers; however, his tenure would last for only two seasons as the team's dismal performance led to regular chants of "Low must go!" at home games as the 2001-2002 season's second half wore on. At the time of his dismissal by general manager Glen Sather, the Rangers under Low had a combined record of 69-81-9-5, finished 4th in the Atlantic Division both years and failed to qualify for the playoffs either year, marking a fifth consecutive year where the team failed to make the playoffs. After being relieved of his coaching duties with the Rangers, he would still remain in the organization as a scout until 2004. During the summer of 2004, he became a scout and goaltender coach for the Ottawa Senators. In August 2007, Low was promoted to the position of assistant coach of the Ottawa Senators. He was fired from this position on February 27, 2008.
He won the Stanley Cup in 1987, and 1990 as an assistant coach with the Edmonton Oilers.
Personal life.
On March 17, 2010 Low was mugged in downtown Calgary. He had just left after meeting with fellow former Oiler Dave Hunter when the attack occurred. Low was able to make it back to his hotel and call an ambulance which brought him to Foothills hospital where he required surgery to his organs damaged in the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="5979776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979776" title="Erigeron acer">
Erigeron acer

Erigeron acer is a widespread herbaceous plant. Common names include bitter fleabane and blue fleabane.
Botanical synonyms include "Erigeron acris" L.

</doc>
<doc id="5979788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979788" title="Euromoney Institutional Investor">
Euromoney Institutional Investor

Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC is one of Europe's largest business and financial magazine publishers which has interests in financial publishing and event organization. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. It is 70% owned by the Daily Mail and General Trust Group.
History.
The company was founded by Sir Patrick Sergeant in 1969 as an international business-to-business media group focused primarily on the international finance sector. Patrick Sergeant continued to manage the business until 1985 when he became chairman. He retired as chairman in September 1992 when he was appointed president and non-executive director. The Company was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1986.
Acquisitions.
Acquisitions include:

</doc>
<doc id="5979798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979798" title="Mali (disambiguation)">
Mali (disambiguation)

Mali is a country in Western Africa.
Mali may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5979810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979810" title="Frank Rinehart">
Frank Rinehart

Frank Albert Rinehart (February 12, 1861–December 17, 1928) was an American artist famous for his photography capturing Native American personalities and scenes, especially portrait settings of leaders and members of the delegations who attended the 1898 Indian Congress in Omaha.
Biography.
German American Rinehart was born in Lodi, Illinois. He and his brother, Alfred, moved to Colorado in the 1870s and found employment at the Charles Bohm photography studio, in Denver. In 1881 the Rinehart brothers formed a partnership with famous Western photographer William Henry Jackson, who had achieved widespread fame for his images of the West. Under Jackson's teachings, Rinehart's perfected his professional skills, and developed a keen interest in Native American culture. Frank Rinehart and Anna, the receptionist of Jackson's studio, married and in 1885 moved to Nebraska. In downtown Omaha, Rinehart opened a studio in the Brandeis Building, where he worked until his death.
Rinehart married Anna Ransom Johnson (daughter of Willard Bemis Johnson and Phebe Jane Carpenter) on 5 September 1885 in Denver County, Colorado. They had two daughters, Ruth and Helen, both born in Nebraska.
In 1898, and in occasion of the Indian Congress held in conjunction with the Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition, Rinehart was commissioned to photograph the event and the Native American personalities who attended it. Together with his assistant Adolph Muhr (who would later be employed by the famous photographer Edward S. Curtis), they produced what is now considered ""one of the best photographic documentations of Indian leaders at the turn of the century"". Tom Southall, former photograph curator at the University of Kansas' Spencer Art Museum, said of the Rinehart collection:
Rinehart and Muhr photographed American Indians at the Indian Congress in a studio on the Exposition grounds with an 8 x 10 glass-negative camera with a German lens. Platinum prints were produced to achieve the broad range of tonal values that medium afforded.
After the Indian Congress, Rinehart and Muhr travelled the Indian reservations for two years, portraying Native American leaders who had not attended the event, as well as depicting general aspects of the indigenous everyday life and culture.
The collection of Rinehart Indian Photographs is currently preserved at Haskell Indian Nations University. Since 1994, the collection has been organized, preserved, copied, and cataloged in a computer database, funded by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Hallmark Foundation. It includes images from the 1898 Exposition, the 1899 Greater American Exposition, studio portraits from 1900, and photographs by Rinehart taken at the Crow Agency in Montana also in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="5979812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979812" title="Natchitoches meat pie">
Natchitoches meat pie

The Natchitoches meat pie is a regional dish from northern Louisiana, United States. It is one of the official state foods of Louisiana.
Ingredients include ground beef, ground pork, onions, peppers, garlic, oil, and a pie shell. Natchitoches meat pies are often fried in peanut oil because of that oil's high smoking temperature. A number of restaurants in the historic district in Natchitoches serve meat pies, and frozen pies are available from grocers in northern Louisiana.
It has a savory meat filling in a crescent-shaped, flaky wheat pastry turnover. It is similar to a Spanish picadillo beef empanada. Varieties are throughout the colonies of the Spanish Empire. The Natchitoches meat pie is nearly identical to the traditional ground beef empanada of Argentina, Empanada de Carne.
This meat pie is not generally available from other ethnic regions of Louisiana (Anglo to the east and Franco "et al" to the south). "The Picayune's Creole Cook Book", published in 1901 by "The Times Picayune" of New Orleans, contains nothing comparable to Natchitoches meat pies in its list of over a thousand recipes. Recently, Natchitoches meat pies sold at food booths have become popular at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
The use of wheat flour as an ingredient is significant. Corn is grown locally. It is a staple of both Spanish and Native American food. Wheat is difficult to grow in this wet, warm climate. It would have been imported initially by annual supply convoy over El Camino Real de los Tejas (a portion later became The Old San Antonio Road) or from the French port on the Red River at Natchitoches. Historically, wheat flour would have been very expensive and reserved for high status and celebratory foods. 
The recipe has evolved over the last 300 years. Ground pork or pork sausage is now blended into the ground beef for additional flavor. Onions, bell pepper and when used garlic and parsley provide aromatics. Ground black pepper and cayenne pepper are added to get attention without being uncomfortable. Flour is added to the browned meat and vegetable mixture to dry, thicken and loosely bind the filling. The meat filling can be used in other foods (e.g. tacos, tamales, enchiladas, stuffed bell pepper "et al") but the wheat turnover crust is a defining element. The traditional size is approximately 4 ounces (by weight) on a 5"-6" diameter pastry dough. The filling should be made the day before to allow the flavors of the ingredients to meld. Filling, dough and tools should be chilled before assembly. Warm filling will cause the dough to disintegrate.
In the first part of the 20th century, meat pies were sold from home kitchens or from carts by street vendors. By 1967, Natchitoches meat pies were produced in commercial kitchens. Now, they may be ordered online.
Louisiana Public Broadcasting aired a program January 20, 2007, describing how to make Natchitoches meat pies. It is available on DVD entitled "A Taste of Louisiana with Chef John Folse & Company: Our Food Heritage - The Spanish Shows". An annual Meat Pie Festival, held in September, celebrates the Natchitoches meat pie. It includes pie making demonstrations, a meat pie cook-off, live music and more. The festival draws visitors from around the globe to sample the pies.

</doc>
<doc id="5979828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979828" title="The Wedding Album (TV series)">
The Wedding Album (TV series)

The Wedding Album is an American television pilot ordered by the Fox Network for the 2006-2007 television season. It was picked up for series order as a midseason replacement during the 2006-2007 television season. However, shortly after this, Fox ended development on the show, and replaced it with a similar project, "The Wedding Bells", which received a midseason pick up. 
Synopsis.
The pilot followed Tony Zutto, who while being one of the most sought-after wedding photographers in New York City, is also seemingly a lifelong playboy-bachelor, because of his family history. However, his lifestyle changes with the hiring of his new British assistant, Milla Cavendish. Also coming into the mix is Milla's roommate Gretchen, and Tony's photo lab technician Bruno. Tony also faces criticisms of his lifestyle from his minister-brother Peter, as well as from his father, bar-owner Danny.

</doc>
<doc id="5979831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979831" title="Bruce Walkup">
Bruce Walkup

Bruce Walkup (born August 21, 1944 in Downey, California) is a retired American racecar driver.
Walkup raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1967-1971 seasons, with 35 career starts, including the 1969 and 1970 Indianapolis 500 races. He finished in the top ten 11 times, with his best finish in 4th position in 1969 at Sacramento.
Walkup was formerly the president of the Indiana State Fair board.

</doc>
<doc id="5979838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979838" title="Nicolás Hernández">
Nicolás Hernández

Nicolás "Niko" Hernández (born May 4, 1979 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer. He currently plays for QNK Quảng Nam in the Vietnamese First Division.
Career.
Hernández began his professional career with the Primera División side Ferro Carril Oeste in 1999. After a year with them he moved to Colón de Santa Fe for a season. In 2002 he was signed by Italian club U.S. Cremonese. After a short spell with them he ended up back in Argentina playing for National B Division teams San Martín de Mendoza and Huracán until 2005 when he was picked up by Chilean powerhouse Cobreloa.
On March 30, 2006, he was signed by the Colorado Rapids. He started his first game with the club on April 2 against the Columbus Crew and scored 8 goals for the club. He was traded to the Columbus Crew on February 27, 2008 for Tim Ward. He was waived on June 27, 2008.
Niko moved to Costa Rica for play with the Liga Deportiva Alajuelense during one-year contract.
He joined V-League side SHB Đà Nẵng F.C. in 2010.
In 2012, Niko moved to Vietnamese First Division side QNK Quảng Nam.

</doc>
<doc id="5979843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979843" title="Samuel Snider">
Samuel Snider

Samuel Prather Snider (October 9, 1845 – September 24, 1928) was a Representative from Minnesota; born in Mount Gilead, Morrow County, Ohio; attended the public schools, the local high school at Mount Gilead, Ohio, and Oberlin College, Ohio; during the Civil War enlisted as a private soldier in the Sixty-fifth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry; after the war engaged in commercial pursuits in New York; moved to Minnesota in 1876 and settled in Minneapolis; organized and built the Midland Railway in southern Minnesota; engaged in agricultural pursuits and the mining of iron ore; member of the Minnesota House of Representatives 1884–1888; elected as a Republican to the 51st United States Congress (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1891); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890 to the 52nd congress; delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1892; retired and resided in Minneapolis until his death; interment in Lakewood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5979856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979856" title="Buell Neidlinger">
Buell Neidlinger

Buell Neidlinger (born March 2, 1936) is an American cellist and double bassist.
Neidlinger was born in Westport, Connecticut. After Yale University, he moved to New York City and began playing in various jazz settings. He joined Cecil Taylor's group in 1955, played with Herbie Nichols and recorded extensively with Taylor's groups with Steve Lacy and with Archie Shepp among others until 1961. He was also involved with new directions in classical music (John Cage, Mauricio Kagel, George Crumb) and Gunther Schuller' s Third Stream music.
He has worked extensively as an orchestral and as a session bassist before becoming a musical educator at the New England Conservatory and CalArts. Together with Marty Krystall he founded K2B2 Records.
In 1983, he performed on the Antilles Records release "Swingrass '83".
Discography.
As sideman.
With Cecil Taylor
With Steve Lacy
With Jean-Luc Ponty and Frank Zappa
With Van Dyke Parks
With David Grisman
With Peter Rowan
With Richard Greene
With Earth, Wind, and Fire
With Stewart Copeland
With Leo Kottke
With Anthony Braxton
With Ry Cooder
With Duane Eddy
With Ringo Starr and Harry Nilsson
With Ruben Blades
With Sam Phillips
With The Beach Boys
With Elvis Costello
With Roy Orbison
With Bob Seger
With Natalie Cole
With Pops Staples
With Frank Sinatra
With Barbra Streisand
With Bonnie Raitt
With Darol Anger

</doc>
<doc id="5979893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979893" title="Andrew Kiefer">
Andrew Kiefer

Andrew Robert Kiefer (May 25, 1832 – May 1, 1904) was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota; born at Marienborn, Duchy of Hesse-Darmstadt, Germany; he attended school in Mainz; immigrated to the United States in 1849 and settled in St. Paul, Minnesota, in 1855; inspector and collector of the wharf in 1857; engaged in mercantile pursuits; enrolling clerk of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1859 and 1860; entered the Union Army as captain of the Second Regiment, Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, on July 8, 1861, and served until July 18, 1863, when he was compelled to resign on account of ill health; commissioned by Governor Swift colonel of the Thirty-first Regiment of State militia in 1863; member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1864; was engaged in the wholesale mercantile business 1865 – 1878 and in 1880 became interested in real estate; clerk of the district courts of Ramsey County 1878 – 1883; unsuccessful Republican candidate for mayor of St. Paul in 1890; elected as a Republican to the 53rd and 54th congresses, (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1897); was not a candidate for reelection in 1896; mayor of St. Paul in 1898; at the time of his death was the Republican candidate for city controller; died in St. Paul, Ramsey County, Minnesota; interment in Oakland Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5979901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979901" title="Clark Canyon Dam">
Clark Canyon Dam

Clark Canyon Dam is an earthfill dam located in Beaverhead County, Montana, about 20 miles (30 km) south of the county seat of Dillon. The dam impounds the waters of the Beaverhead River, creating a body of water known as Clark Canyon Reservoir. The structure was constructed in 1961-1964 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, to hold water for downstream irrigation and for flood-control purposes.
Clark Canyon Dam has a crest length of 2,950 feet (899 m), and a maximum height of 147 feet (45 m). The dam contains 1,970,000 cubic yards (1,510,000 m³) of material. The elevation of the dam crest is 5,578 feet (1,700 m). The reservoir has a total capacity of , and when full has a surface area of 5,903 acres (24 km²).
Construction of the dam and reservoir required the relocation of U.S. Route 91 (rebuilt as Interstate 15) and a main line of the Union Pacific Railroad. The reservoir inundated the former site of the small community of Armstead, Montana, and the site of Camp Fortunate, where the Lewis and Clark Expedition camped from August 17 to 22, 1805 and held negotiations with the Shoshone.

</doc>
<doc id="5979902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979902" title="Mike Wagner">
Mike Wagner

Michael Robert Wagner (born June 22, 1949) is a former professional football player, a safety for ten seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He won four Super Bowls as a member of the famed Steel Curtain defense.
Playing career.
Born in in Waukegan, Illinois, Wagner graduated in 1967 from Carmel High School in Mundelein. He played college football at Western Illinois University in Macomb, earning NAIA All-American status in 1969. He was added to the Western Illinois Athletics Hall of Fame in 1976.
Wagner was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 11th round of the 1971 NFL Draft, the 268th overall selection. First looked at as a wide receiver on offense, he was soon switched to defense as a safety. Wagner tied for the NFL lead with eight interceptions in 1973, appeared in the 1975 and 1976 Pro Bowls and recorded 36 career interceptions and 12 fumble recoveries. He won four Super Bowls, recording interceptions in Super Bowl IX and Super Bowl X. After ten seasons with the Steelers, he retired in January 1981.
After retirement.
Wagner is currently a defensive backs coach at Pine-Richland High School in Gibsonia, Pennsylvania. He was interviewed for the NFL Films documentary series "" on the 1975 Pittsburgh Steelers.
For a short time, Mike Wagner also served as an assistant coach on the Pine-Richland High School (Gibsonia, PA) coaching staff, mainly working with the defensive backs and special teams.
Mike Wagner was the guest speaker at the 3rd annual Steel City Mafia Banquet in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, on August 15, 2009.
After pro football, Wagner applied his bachelor's degree in accounting and worked in the financial industry. He earned an M.B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh and, as of 2012, is a bank vice president in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="5979904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979904" title="Early Career Life Scientist Award">
Early Career Life Scientist Award

The ASCB Early Career Life Scientist Award is for an outstanding scientist who earned his doctorate no more than 12 years earlier and who has served as an independent investigator for no more than seven years. The winner speaks at the ASCB Annual Meeting and receives a monetary prize.

</doc>
<doc id="5979914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979914" title="Manija Dawlat">
Manija Dawlat

Manizha Davlat (/, born in December, 31, 1982) (also spelled as Manizha Davlatova and Manija Davlat and Manizha Dawlat and Manija Dawlat) is a Tajik pop singer and one of Tajikistan's and Central Asia's best known, also known in Iran and Afghanistan and other neighbouring countries. She is associated with Persian pop music. Manizha sings in Tajiki, a dialect of Modern Persian native to her country. She performs in concerts regularly in her native Tajikistan as well as other neighboring countries.
Background.
Manizha was born in Kulob, Tajikistan.
Since her concert in Mazar-e-Sharif and Kabul (both in Afghanistan), she has gained celebrity in Afghanistan in addition to building on her already established renown in Central Asian countries. A recent poll conducted in Kabul named Manija (among Persian speakers) and Nazia Iqbal (among Pashto speakers) as the most popular female singers in that country.
As of 2004, she has two albums, both recorded live in Mazar-e-Sharif. Her concert in Kabul drew thousands of enthusiastic fans. Reportedly in both of these concerts, the stage was filled with flower bouquets.
In 2006, she performed in a series of concerts along Leila Forouhar in Dushanbe, Tajikistan.
Manija has not been performing since 2006. She claims the reason for this is her disappointment in today's Tajik pop culture and her present interest in Islam, which considers performing for entertainment as a sin 

</doc>
<doc id="5979920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979920" title="Moorish Orthodox Church of America">
Moorish Orthodox Church of America

The Moorish Orthodox Church of America is a syncretic religious body espousing an ostensibly Eastern Christian liturgical and devotional tradition laid over a theology consisting of teachings gleaned from Ismaili Islam, Sufism (particularly from the Chishti, Bektashi and Oveyssi traditions), Tantra (of both the Buddhist and Hindu variations) and Vedanta teachings.
An outgrowth of the Moorish Science Temple of America, an African American body of heretical Muslims founded in the early 20th century by Timothy Drew (the Prophet Noble Drew Ali), the Moorish Orthodox Church was founded in 1964 by Beatniks and members of the Noble Order of Moorish Sufis (a group that grew out of Temple #13 in Baltimore on July 7, 1957). The MOC published a journal entitled the Moorish Science Monitor from 1965-1967. After a long period of quiescence the Church experienced a renaissance in the mid-'80s owing to the involvement of former members of the beat/beatnik movement, the countercultural hippie community and the gay liberation movement.
Lineage of authenticity.
The silsilah (lineage of authenticity) of the Moorish Orthodox Church in America can be traced through Rofelt Pasha, John G. Jones, Marcus Garvey, Noble Drew Ali, Brother Prophet John Givens El, Timothy Dingle El, Sultan Rafi Sharif Bey Shah, Rachel Yaqoubi El, Walid al-Taha (aka Warren Tartaglia), Hakim Bey, and Sotemohk A. Beeyayelel. Rofelt Pasha is the reputed founder of the Ancient Egyptian Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine (AEAONMS), an African-American version of the Shriners that grew out of Prince Hall Freemasonry.
The Moorish Orthodox Church and the Noble Order of Moorish Sufis also trace their linage to the Chishti Order. All the Sufi paths purportedly trace back to Muhammad through Ali, his nephew and son-in-law, as the Gate to the City of Knowledge. The American and European tracings are Masonic and from traditional Islam spread covertly throughout the United States through slavery and migration during and after slavery; an outstanding example of evidence of the former is set out in the Bilali Document.
In the places that this is mentioned it can be read as Drew Ali being the Son of Allah, Drew being a Messenger of Allah, or with a bit of a stretch, as spreading the message of Alī. The Shriners and the Knights Templar supposedly trace their linage to the Bektashi. By default, the Moors would also if part of their spiritual path came from the Shriners.
Influences.
Moorish Orthodoxy in its present incarnation was influenced in a Christian direction by a number of episcopi vagantes numbering among them the gay activist Archbishop of San Francisco, Metropolitan-Archbishop Mikhail Itkin (today canonized a saint of Moorish Orthodoxy with the appellation Saint Mikhail of California).
In the late 1990s, the Moorish Orthodox Church's Diocese of New Jersey, under the leadership of Bishop Sotemohk A. Beeyayelel, established its primatial see in the abandoned southern village of Ong's Hat, New Jersey (today known as Pemberton, New Jersey; its administration is centered in Montclair, New Jersey) and returned to at least a veneer of conventional Orthodox Christianity, though retaining its distinctive liturgical and devotional life and maintaining a special mission of outreach to the marginalized, particularly the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered communities. Bishop Sotemohk has been particularly receptive to the influences of the Bektashi and Oveyssi sufi orders as well as the Queer Spirit and Radical Faerie movements and has sought to promote the church's activity in the areas of educational and social reform.
In August 2010, the Moorish Orthodox Diocese of New Jersey became the primatial see of the Church in North and South America and transferred its chancery to Benzdorp, Surinam, and thereafter to be known Moorish Orthodox Jurisdiction of North and South America and Bishop Sotemohk was invested as Primate under the name Mar Sotemohk Lingamananda I. The functions of the denomination's educational facilities, Alamut College and its graduate school (the Hakim Bey Theological College) are planned to be transferred to Church facilities in Kentucky and Florida.
Recently, the Church has become active in domestic and foreign missionary pursuits, and has established missions in Elmwood, MA; Rochester, NY; Wilmore, KY; Sebago Lake, ME; Asbury Park, NJ; and Sioux Falls, SD (USA), Kokstad, South Africa; Bata, Equatorial Guinea; Malabo, Equatorial Guinea; Occusi-Ambeno, East Timor; Prague, Czech Republic and Nieuw Nickerie and Nieuw Utrecht, Surinam.

</doc>
<doc id="5979925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979925" title="Eman Ghoneim">
Eman Ghoneim

Dr. Eman Ghoneim () is an experienced Egyptian geomorphologist with a primary focus on the application of Geographical Information Systems (GIS), Remote Sensing and the use of Hydrologic modeling in Flash flood hazard and Groundwater exploration in arid environments. 
During her research, she uses satellite images for both detecting subsurface groundwater accumulation and land / submarine springs using the thermal ASTER and MODIS data. She worked in a project that uses both the GIS and Hydrologic model for groundwater exploration in the northern United Arab Emirates, U.S. and the Red Sea area in Egypt.
She received her PhD in 2002 from the School of Geography, University of Southampton, United Kingdom. She is also a lecturer in the Geography Department, at Tanta University, Egypt.
Dr. Ghoneim joined the Boston University Center for Remote Sensing in the beginning of 2003. In 2006 March 2006 she joined Dr. Farouk El-Baz in a research that resulted in discovering the Kebira Crater, a possible impact crater (astrobleme) in the Sahara. In 2007, while she was investigating different space data, she has discovered an ancient Mega-Lake (30,750 km²) buried beneath the sand of the Great Sahara in the Northern Darfur region, Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="5979931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979931" title="Oegophiurida">
Oegophiurida

The Oegophiurida are an order of brittle stars, class Ophiuroidea. 
The physical characteristics of this order include well separated lateral plates, which expose the oral surface of radial ossicles. It also has vertebrae with streptospondylous (hourglass) articulation, which thus allow for vertical and horizontal movements. The order has neither oral nor radial shields. They have paired serial gonads arranged segmentally along the arm. The hyponeural groove is covered by soft integument, which forms a spacious epineural canal that is not closed over by ventral arm plates. The disk is covered by naked or granulated skin, or by imbricating scales. 
The Oegophiurida are extinct except for a recent species, "Ophiocanops fugiens", which has several remarkable features. In each arm is a single digestive caecum. The caecum wall has many folds which enlarge the absorbing surface. This is similar to the structure in asteroids. Nothing, however, is known of this species' microscopic gut structure. Its gonads also stretch into the arms, also common to asteroids. Both of these are hardly present in other orders of the class. The skeleton is similar to other ophiuroids, except the paired right and left vertebrae are not fused, albeit set in orderly fashion. Also absent are ventral arm plates and radial and oral shields. Previously, the Oegophiurida were known only to exist from the lower Ordovician to the upper Carboniferous periods. However, most features of "O. fugiens" conform to this order, such as the absence of genital plates and genital bursae. They also lack dorsal or ventral arm plates. However, some recent studies have challenged the classification of "O. fugiens" as oegophiurid.

</doc>
<doc id="5979933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979933" title="Humber Summit">
Humber Summit

Humber Summit is one of the northernmost neighbourhoods in Toronto, Ontario, located in the North York district of the city. It is bounded by Steeles Avenue to the north, Highway 400 to the east, Finch Avenue to the south, and follows the Humber River (east branch) to the west.
Character.
In the 1840s, Humber Summit began as a pioneer community, centred around the grist and saw mills. However, as the city boundaries crept closer, the area evolved into a resort community, called Riverbank Park. It became home to a large number of Toronto residents who built cottages on the banks of the Humber River. When Hurricane Hazel hit Toronto in 1954, a large number of the cottages were swept away by the overflowing river.
Today, Humber Summit is a middle class community. It contains a significant, well-established Italian community, but has also become the home for new East Indian and Asian families. The residences are generally semi-detached backsplits with built-in garages. Adding to the character of the suburban post-World War II 1960s homes are front porches decorated with cast-iron railings, and elaborate front archways.
The Toronto Public Library branch located at 2990 Islington Ave., Toronto, ON M9L 2K6, is named "Humber Summit Library" in memory of the area's fair beginnings. Officially opened by the North York Public Library Board, 15 May 1974. First branch in North York to be in a shared facility with another community agency (the North York Parks and Recreation Department.)

</doc>
<doc id="5979942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979942" title="Salem's Lot (radio drama)">
Salem's Lot (radio drama)

Salem’s Lot was a 1995 BBC Radio 4 dramatization of Stephen King’s novel Salem's Lot" written by Gregory Evans. It combines the psychological thriller and the classic horror genres, making references to Bram Stoker’s "Dracula" at several points and sometimes replicating its storyline.
Plot summary.
Ben Mears, a successful writer who grew up in the (fictional) town of Jerusalem’s Lot, Maine (known to locals as "Salem's Lot" or "The Lot"), has returned home following the death of his wife. Ben plans to write a book about the “Marsten House”, an abandoned mansion that gave him nightmares after a traumatic (and possibly supernatural) childhood experience. Once in town, he meets local high school teacher Matt Burke and strikes up a romantic relationship with Susan Norton, a young college graduate.
Mears discovers that the Marsten house has been bought by Mr. Straker and Mr. Barlow, a pair of businessmen who are also new to the town, although only Straker has been seen. Their arrival coincides with the disappearance of a young boy, Ralphie Glick, and the suspicious death of his brother Danny. It then becomes clear that Barlow is a vampire, and is taking over the town with Straker's help. Ben, Matt, Susan, and a few other residents of the Lot try to prevent the vampires from spreading. In the end, Ben and young Mark Petrie succeed in neutralizing Straker and destroy the master vampire Barlow, but, lucky to escape with their lives, are forced to leave the town to the newly created vampires.
Differences between the novel and radio adaptation.
Although the story's overall structure remains similar, several lines have been consolidated and/or simplified, in keeping with the much-shortened radio format (seven 30-minute broadcasts).

</doc>
<doc id="5979949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979949" title="Cook Islands Football Association">
Cook Islands Football Association

The Cook Islands Football Association is the governing body of football in Cook Islands.
History.
The Association was founded in 1971.
In 1994, the CIFA became a member of FIFA.
The Associations headquarters and Academy were opened in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5979951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979951" title="CIFA">
CIFA

The acronym CIFA may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5979956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979956" title="Henry Clay High School">
Henry Clay High School

Henry Clay High School is the oldest public high school in Lexington, Kentucky, opened on Main Street in 1928. It was named in honor of the Kentuckian and United States statesman, Henry Clay. The Main Street location now houses the main offices of the Fayette County Public Schools system. The school's present facility on Fontaine Road opened in 1970. The current Principal of Henry Clay High School is Greg Quenon, hired in the spring of 2012. There are currently over 2,200 students enrolled at Henry Clay High School.
History.
In 1834, the first four-room public school was built in Lexington. It was sponsored by a man named William Morton. Seventy years later, the first four-year high school in Lexington opened on the corner of Walnut and Short streets. This school was named Morton High School. As population increased, it was necessary for a larger high school to be built.
In 1908, US$75,000 was given to build a larger facility on the grounds of the old Morton High School. Class sizes began to increase again, and in 1916, a US$400,000 bond was issued for new buildings. One of the buildings that came about in this bond was the building of Lexington High School on the corner of Limestone and Fourth Street. In 1918, the building was opened for classes.
In 1927, the Board of Education granted permission for a new school to be built on East Main Street. On July 6, 1928, the Board adopted the name Henry Clay High School, requested by the Daughters of the American Revolution.
That summer, Henry Clay was completed. "The Herald Leader" reported:
"New school is planned after those used in the larger cities."
Henry Clay was supposed to have all of the latest advances.
"Perforated ceiling in the music room, good acoustics in the auditorium, built-in lockers with combination locks, a fire gong on each floor, ventilating shutters in the doors, double lighting system, double faced clocks, and a moving picture machine and booth in the auditorium",
reported another source.
Henry Clay had been said to be one of the finest schools in the South. It had nearly 200 graduates by the end of 1929. Henry Clay High School was so successful academically and athletically that it was considered among the top 44 schools in the United States, according to the January 10, 1960 edition of "The Lexington Herald".
In 1968, the Board of Education approved the plans for a 91-room location on Fontaine Road: US$6.45 million was to finance the project of the new Henry Clay. In 1999 the school underwent renovation, and in 2006 a connector building was completed, joining the cafeteria to the main classroom building.
Liberal Arts Academy.
HCHS houses the Liberal Arts Academy for gifted and talented education.
The Liberal Arts Academy at Henry Clay challenges its students in all disciplines with required Academy and AP courses that are specially designed or adapted for the Academy's Gifted and Talented-identified population. These courses combine acceleration, differentiation, and enrichment to stimulate and extend student learning. The required Academy Seminars and Academic Mentoring offer opportunities for in-depth exploration and independent study outside the typical classroom.
For its freshmen class, the Liberal Arts Academy has historically selected a maximum of 50 students. However, in recent years, the larger number of students gaining automatic entry into the Academy has caused the class size to increase to about 70 students. Success in the Liberal Arts Academy requires ability, interest, and maturity. The curriculum is rigorous. The school day is longer with a zero hour class required during the freshman and junior years, and the academic workload is more time consuming that that of other high school students. For example, students are required to complete an additional problem of the week, or POW in Academy math courses. Academy students are be expected to work at the college level in most of their courses. Admission procedures include submitting an application, parent questionnaire, and having the required test scores (students from Winburn Middle School, the middle school accelerated program, are not required to test as they have already met stringent academic requirements). Each year students and parents must sign and submit a contract outlining the Academy student responsibilities.
As a requirement for this program, each student must complete a total of four years of math, four years of science, four years of English, four years of a foreign language (or to the AP level), three years of social studies, two years of academic seminar, one year of arts and humanities, and a senior mentoring project. The Academic Mentoring Program is an advanced level independent study program that allows students to design their own class content from any subject area and to study under the direction of professional in the chosen field. The program’s purpose is to allow students to pursue an idea beyond the opportunities provided in the regular classroom.
22 credits are required to graduate.
In 2006 Henry Clay established the world's first high school history lab in memory of Shelia Lewallen. This lab contains over 500 artifacts and primary sources. The lab uses core content connected lesson plans and an array of artifacts to bring real history to students.
In 2007 Stephen Fritz, an Academy student and class of 2009, got third overall on "Teen Jeopardy!". In 2008 Jay Schrader, an Academy student and class of 2010 competed in the Teen Jeopardy Tournament. His younger brother Rob Schrader, also an Academy student, competed in the 2012 Teen Jeopardy Tournament.
On October 22, 2008 Henry Clay physics teacher Karen Gill was named as the 2009 Kentucky Teacher of the Year. Ms. Gill has been teaching at Henry Clay since 1992.
The 2009 Academy graduates were offered over US $9 million in college scholarship monies for their freshman college year. The Academy class also averaged the following: ACT, 32; SAT, 2170; GPA, 4.6.
Athletics.
HCHS offers many varsity sports including:
Archery was added as a varsity sport in the 2012/2013 school year
The Henry Clay Men's Soccer Academy defeated Daviess County High School 2-0 in the 2010 state championship game behind goals from John Manga and Addison Manley. This marked Henry Clay's first soccer championship since 1991, and the school's first athletics state title since 2006.
HCHS also offers Hockey, Ultimate Frisbee, and Lacrosse only as club sports since they are not sanctioned sports with the Kentucky High School Athletic Association, and the Blue Devil Marching Band in its own competitive arena. The HCHS Marching Band placed as Grand Champions in the Mid-states Band Association circuit for years 2005-2007, and reserved Grand Champions in 2008. In 2006, the Ultimate Frisbee team, Grapes of Wrath, fought their way to a city championship, led by captain and team MVP, Steven Myers. The Ultimate Frisbee team is currently enjoying a stellar 2008-2009 season which has included the City Championship and State Championship, as well as a top 10 national ranking by the UPA. Also the lacrosse team made it to the Division 2 State Championship in 2007 with an undefeated, 9-0 record. They lost to the Eastern Eagles in double overtime. In the 2012-2013 season, the Henry Clay Men's Lacrosse team posted an undefeated 18-0 record, defeating Lexington Catholic High School by a score of 10-4 to capture the Division 2 State Championship. During the 2012-2013 season the Henry Clay Men's Lacrosse team was ranked in the top ten nationally in goal defense and goal differential, while ranking eleventh nationally in goals scored.
Clubs and organizations.
Student organizations include:

</doc>
<doc id="5979961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979961" title="West Loch Lomond Cycle Path">
West Loch Lomond Cycle Path

The path is about long and runs along the west bank of Loch Lomond, between the west bank of the loch and the busy A82 road. It is mainly flat or downhill if ridden from south to north. 
The route.
From Arrochar & Tarbet Station the path runs left and down a hill to a tourist information office by the loch. The path then continues on the pavement of the A82 for several miles. For the remainder of its length the path runs either alongside the road, or between the road and the loch.
Much of the path runs directly alongside the A82, and the rest is not very far away. The golf courses and commercial developments along the side of the loch further push parts of the path away from the banks of Loch Lomond.
The path ends at Balloch Railway Station for trains to Glasgow The 34 kilometer long Loch Lomond to Glasgow Cycleway starts close to the station and runs to the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre by the Clyde in central Glasgow.
Access to the path.
There are railway stations at each end of the West Loch Lomond Cycle Path, but none along its length. The Oban/Mallaig railway service runs from Glasgow Queen Street station to Arrochar & Tarbet station. The train goes up the shores of Gare Loch; passing Faslane Naval Base (aka HMS Neptune), the home of the United Kingdom's fleet of Trident nuclear submarines. Trains from Balloch connect to Glasgow's Central and Queen Street stations.

</doc>
<doc id="5979974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979974" title="Yahoo! Tech">
Yahoo! Tech

Yahoo! Tech is a web site that provides jargon free information on the changing world of technology.
Former Yahoo! Tech.
The site, which was the first new product from the Santa Monica, California-based Yahoo! Media Group, featured a selection of original, licensed, and user-generated content, along with product ratings and reviews for thousands of tech products across 19 product categories. Plus, the site could be personalized using its "My Tech" feature, which allows users to save products that they own and would like to research in the future.
The site's original content included a weekly web-based reality show called Hook Me Up, where Yahoo! users got a tech makeover—as well as four featured "Yahoo! Tech Advisors," who blogged about how gadgets and current technology affect their lives from the four very different demographic segments (The Mom, The Techie Diva, The Working Guy, and the Boomer.) Yahoo! Tech's content partners included Consumer Reports, Wiley Publishing's For Dummies series, and McGraw-Hill; and it incorporated Yahoo!'s community, search, and shopping services.
Modern Yahoo! Tech.
Re-established Q1 2014, David Pogue, who joined Yahoo! after being asked by CEO Marissa Mayer, and his team deliver news on the changing trends of technology in a jargon-free manner.

</doc>
<doc id="5979975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979975" title="Humbermede">
Humbermede

Humbermede, often called Emery, is a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Humbermede, like many of the "Humber" neighbourhoods in the city, gets its name from the Humber River. It is bounded on the west by the Humber, on the north by Finch Avenue, on the east by the Highway 400 and on the south by Sheppard Avenue West.
Character.
Emery is a suburban low-density neighbourhood primarily consisting of semi-detached homes. There are some high-rises on the southwest corner of Finch and Weston Road. On the south-east corner is site of the former Finch West Mall. There is an industrial area along the rail lines, extending east to Highway 400.
Historical settlement of Emery.
A farming hamlet developed by 1870 at the crossroads of Finch Avenue and Weston Road, named Dayton. A Dayton railway station at Finch Avenue and a Dayton post office were opened around that time. It was changed to Emery. One reason suggested for the change was to avoid confusion with Dayton, Ohio. By 1960, the area started being converted to urban uses, as part of North York.

</doc>
<doc id="5979980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979980" title="La Academia USA">
La Academia USA

La Academia USA is the first musical reality show with only Hispanic contestants launched by Azteca America in October 2005. The auditions were done nation-wide and a total of 30 people were chosen to go to Mexico where they would have to spend a week working hard and showing all of what they had inside to be chosen to the final 18. 
The first "La Academia USA" concert was on November 20, 2005.
A week before the first concert, there was a special show that lasted two hours. In that show, footage from the auditions was shown. At the end, 12 of the 30 were eliminated leaving the lucky 18 that Azteca America had chosen to become the first generation of La Academia USA.
One of the participants was Michael Muenchow, who was previously on Telemundo's song-based reality show "Nuevas Voces De America" in 2005; he was one of the 18 selected. Michael lives in San Antonio, Texas and made it to the top 13 final singers, before being expelled. His vote off was one of the results that caused the most uproar among viewers and the teachers alike. This was also true for the premature elimination, in the eleventh concert, of Diana, whom many thought would become the winner of "La Academia USA" for her great voice, big popularity among the public and the good comments by the critics.
After three months of competition "La Academia USA" came to an end, crowning Mariana Vargas as winner of the Latin Reality Show. As the winner and runner-up, Mariana and Gustavo respectively received contracts with Warner Music for the release of an album.
After the show ended and after the cancellation of the highly anticipated "La Academia Hot-Tour" many of the ex-students of "La Academia USA", including Michael, Diana, Frankie, Fatimat, Jazmin, Alex (""El Chino"") and Nohelia were called back to continue singing together for their fans across the United States. Among other projects is the formation of a band by joining the voices of Iván, Adán, Catalina and Heloisa.
Being a Latin American event and taking place in an ethnically diverse country, "La Academia USA" featured participants born in different Latin countries, or at least with Latin roots being born in the United States. Here are some countries where most come from: Mexico, Venezuela, Honduras, Colombia, Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic and Brazil.
Frankie Alvarado in 2007 Frankie participated in a duet with Spanish Pop rock singer Diana Mera; the song is called "20 Pedacitos".
Order of expulsion.
Heloisa Alves was an anchor for the sports show Los Protagonistas a Nivel mundial for TV AZTECA AMERICA during the 2006 Soccer World Cup, and she won the Miss Brazil USA contest on November 2007. Heloisa has recorded commercials for Bally Total Fitness, and she has done publicity for Cingular Wireless.

</doc>
<doc id="5979988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979988" title="Escape to Athena">
Escape to Athena

Escape to Athena is a British adventure war film (with several elements of comedy) released in 1979, directed and co-authored by George Pan Cosmatos and produced by Lew Grade's ITC Entertainment. The international cast included many well-known actors of the 1970s, including Roger Moore, Telly Savalas and Elliott Gould.
The film is set during the Second World War on a German-occupied Greek island. According to the film credits, it was filmed on the island of Rhodes.
Plot.
Set on an unnamed Greek island during the 2nd last year of the war, 1944, Allied POWs in a remote POW camp are forced to work for the Germans by digging up ancient Greek archaeological artifacts. The camp Commandant, Major Otto Hecht (Roger Moore), was an Austrian antiques dealer before the war. Unknown to Hecht's superiors is the fact that he's withholding the more valuable finds for his own personal gain, and sending them to his sister living in Switzerland. Hecht is far from the dutiful army officer, the total opposite of the nearest town's Commandant, Gestapo Major Volkmann (Anthony Valentine). The prisoners conspire as well. Knowing that they would be sent to another prison camp and endure worse hardships should they run out of artifacts, they repeatedly "discover" the same ones. Volkmann and his Lieutenants (Siegfried Rauch and Richard Wren) rule the town's population with a sadistic grip, executing the innocent residents just as easily as enemy soldiers. 
The only opposition to the Germans is Zeno (Telly Savalas), a former Monk, and his few resistance fighters who use the local brothel as an undercover headquarters. Zeno, who is in contact with Allied Headquarters, is ordered to break the prisoners out of their camp to increase his numbers and therefore liberate the town from the Germans and also secure a U-Boat refuelling depot. Using two captured USO artists Charlie (Elliott Gould) and Dottie (Stefanie Powers) to perform a concert as cover, the prisoners and Zeno's resistance take over the camp. With the choice of helping the resistance or being killed by Zeno, Hecht joins forces with the allies and helps them eradicate Volkmann's troops as well as capturing the fuel depot.
With Volkmann dead and the Germans in town no longer a threat, Charlie asks Zeno to lead him and two other prisoners, Judson and Rotelli (Roundtree and Bono) up to the monastery on Mount Athena to steal Byzantine treasures being kept by the monks. As with Charlie, the others care less about the war than the opportunities for looting. Zeno warns Charlie that the Monks' treasures are really the property of the Greek people. 
However, Zeno soon receives word from the Allies that the invasion of the Greek islands has been moved up, requiring that he neutralize a German garrison housed in the monastery atop Mount Athena. Without telling them the whole truth, Zeno now tells Charlie, Rotelli and Judson that they can now climb Mount Athena to liberate the monks there from a small band of Germans. Zeno's turnabout - and the weapons they will be carrying - arouse some suspicion among the Americans, but ultimately their greed gets the better of them and they join Zeno. 
Once they reach the Monastery, the Americans find a heavily manned garrison armed with V-2 rockets. Zeno uses gas to neutralize much of the garrison, but not before the garrison's commander has been alerted of their presence, and orders the launching of his rockets. Observing the V-2 being readied for launch, the Americans realize that Zeno had lied to them about the mission. Instead of hunting for treasure, they were sent to the monastery to destroy missiles the Germans were preparing to launch against the invading allies. Judson knocks out the missile control room using grenades, but one of the Germans survives long enough to set the base's self-destruct mechanism. Not realizing the danger immediately, Charlie and Rotelli scour the monastery for the monks' treasure while Judson frees the monks. Zeno finds the self-destruct clock, but cannot deactivate it.
With Zeno and the monks, the Americans escape the monastery before it explodes. Searching for treasure up until the last minute, Charlie escapes the explosion with the only treasure the Germans left behind - tin plates adorned with Hitler's face.
During the victory celebration in the village, Hecht, Charlie, and Dottie make plans to capitalize on treasures Hecht has already looted - making copies to sell to the Americans. Professor Blake (David Niven) learns from one of the freed monks that their treasure - Byzantine plates made of gold - are safe, having been hidden in the brothel the entire time.
The final scene cuts to modern day, by which time Zeno's former headquarters have been turned into a state museum housing the Byzantine treasures of Mount Athena. The film ends with the Heatwave song "Keep Tomorrow for Me".
Cast.
Cameo.
William Holden, who was in a relationship with Stefanie Powers at the time of filming, makes a cameo in the film as a POW. Elliott Gould's character passes by Holden leaning against the POW barracks, looks at him and asks, "Are you still here?" This is in reference to Holden's Oscar-winning performance in Billy Wilder's World War II/POW film "Stalag 17" as Sgt. J.J. Sefton, who actually escapes at the end of that film.
Reception.
The film was partly financed by Lew Grade who wanted an action movie. However he felt it did not live up to the script, in part because the first eighty minutes mixed comedy and action and "the combination just didn't work... but the last forty, action-packed minutes were wonderful. If only the emphasis had been on action throughout the film would have been a hit. Unfortunately it wasn't. Still, with the pre-sales I'd made we didn't lose nearly as much as we might have."

</doc>
<doc id="5979991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5979991" title="United Nations Correspondents Association">
United Nations Correspondents Association

The United Nations Correspondents Association (U.N. Correspondents Association), or UNCA, was founded in New York City in 1948. It has over 250 members today. It presents the annual UNCA Excellence in Journalism Awards. The purpose of the awards "is to recognize and encourage excellence in reporting on the United Nations, its affiliated agencies, organizations and missions."
The 2013 Awards were reported in The New York Times: http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2013/12/22/fashion/22PARTY.html?ref=fashion
U.N. Correspondents Association
2014 Executive Board
President:
Pamela Falk, CBS News TV and Radio
1st Vice President: 
Kahraman Haliscelik, TRT Turkish Radio & TV
2nd Vice Presidents: 
Sylviane Zehil, L’Orient Le Jour
Masood Haider, Dawn, Pakistan
3rd Vice President: 
Erol Avdovic, Webpublicapress 
Treasurer: 
Bouchra Benyoussef, Maghreb Arab Press
Secretary: 
Seana Magee, Kyodo News
Members at Large: 
Nabil Abi Saab, Alhurra TV;
Talal Al-Haj, Al-Arabiya News channel;
Sherwin Bryce-Pease, South African Broadcasting (SABC);
Zhenqiu Gu, Xinhua News Agency;
Melissa Kent, CBC/Radio Canada;
Evelyn Leopold, Huffington Post Contributor;
Michelle Nichols, Reuters;
Valeria Robecco, ANSA;
Sangwon Yoon, Bloomberg
Excellence in Journalism Awards.
The UNCA Excellence in Journalism Awards are presented by the United Nations Correspondents Association. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="5980009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980009" title="Kaamos (Swedish band)">
Kaamos (Swedish band)

Kaamos was a Swedish death metal band that was formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2006.
History.
They wrote 3 songs that were recorded on a cassette in 1999. Two of the songs were released by Dauthus on a limited 7”. After the release, bassist, singer Johan departed the band and was replaced by Karl.
In 2000, drummer Thomas called it quits. A new drummer was found in Cristofer Barkensjö (also known as Chris Piss). They wrote five new songs which they recorded as the demo " "Curse of Aeons"; it was released in 2001. Kaamos choose to sign with Candlelight Records from several label offers.
In November 2001 Kaamos entered the SubSonic studios again to record the debut album. With the aid of Messiah Marcolin nine tracks were put down were recorded in ten days. The album was released in May 2002. The debut album was self-titled Throughout 2002–2003 the band focused on performing live in several countries in Europe.
In March 2004 Kaamos entered the Berno studio and ten new songs were recorded. The second album, "Lucifer Rising" was released in February 2005 on Candlelight. After the release, Kaamos focused on playing live again. In 2006, the band announced to split up.
Just before that they have recorded a last five songs, that was released after the bands closure, the MCD was titled "Scales of Leviathan" and small Greek label Nuclear Winter records released this MCD as a limited digipak and standard CD-jewelcase.

</doc>
<doc id="5980017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980017" title="Richard S. Ward">
Richard S. Ward

Richard Samuel Ward FRS (born 1951) is a British mathematician. He is Professor of Mathematics at Durham University. He is most famous for his extension of Roger Penrose's twistor theory to nonlinear cases (Roger Penrose was Richard Ward's supervisor at university). He has related interests in the theory of monopoles, topological solitons and skyrmions.
He was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society of London in 2005.
Ward co-wrote "Twistor geometry and field theory" with Raymond O. Wells Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="5980025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980025" title="Elizabeth Jeffries">
Elizabeth Jeffries

Elizabeth Jeffries (1727, Bridgnorth, Shropshire – March 28, 1752 in Leytonstone, England) was an executed murderess.
When she was five years old, Elizabeth was adopted by her wealthy and childless uncle Joseph Jeffryes, who had made his fortune as a butcher in Central London Jeffries sexually violated his niece when she was fifteen. He had willed her everything he owned but hypocritically continually threatened to write her out of the will because of her immoral behaviour.
Murder.
Elizabeth started an affair with her uncle's man-servant, John Swan. When it seemed increasingly likely that her uncle would carry out his threat regarding the will, she and Swan plotted to kill her uncle. They paid a man named Matthews to get them a brace of pistols. Matthews saw Elizabeth and John in the house on the night of the murder on July 3, 1751, and learned what they intended to do - John made him swear not to tell anyone. She and John then went upstairs and killed her uncle. They made it seem as though her uncle had been the victim of a botched robbery and raised the alarm. Elizabeth was arrested; however, she was released when no evidence could be found. The police then began a search for Matthews, whom she had implicated. He was located and told the police everything he knew. She and John were imprisoned to await trial.
Trial and execution.
The trial of Jeffries and Swan began eight months later, on March 10, 1752. She and John were swiftly convicted and sentenced to hang. On March 28, she was taken to the gallows in a cart and riding on her own coffin, while John was dragged on a sledge for committing alleged Petty treason. When they reached the gallows, Swan was forced to stand on the cart while Jeffries, being only 5'1", had to stand on a chair on the cart. Their legs were not tied and they were not blindfolded. A crowd of 7,000 people gathered to watch them hang. Neither Elizabeth nor John acknowledged one another, while the hangman cracked his whip and drove the cart out from under them. John died in less than five minutes. Elizabeth however, being lighter than Swan, took over fifteen minutes to die, struggling to the end.

</doc>
<doc id="5980029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980029" title="Pennsylvania Route 99">
Pennsylvania Route 99

Pennsylvania Route 99 (PA 99) is a state highway located in western Pennsylvania. The northern terminus is at U.S. Route 19 near Erie. The southern terminus is at US 6 and US 19 in Cambridge Springs.
Along its routing, PA 99 is known as Interchange Road, Edinboro Road, Main Street, Forest Street, Erie Street, Meadville Street, and McClellan Street.
It previously shared an official SR designation with Interstate 99 but was changed in 2008 to be officially SR 0699.
Route description.
PA 99 begins at an intersection with US 6/US 19 near the northern edge of Cambridge Springs. The route heads northwest, crossing Conneauttee Creek at Drakes Mills midway between Cambridge Springs and the Crawford-Erie county line. North of the county line, PA 99 crosses the creek once more and follows the waterway into Edinboro. Within the borough, PA 99 passes by Edinboro University of Pennsylvania south of an intersection with U.S. Route 6N in the center of the borough. The route continues northward, following the eastern edge of Edinboro Lake for a short distance.
Near McKean, PA 99 begins to parallel Interstate 79 as both roadways approach Erie. Midway between McKean and Erie, PA 99 passes over Interstate 90 east of its interchange with I-79. Just south of the city limits in the Millcreek Township community of Kearsarge, PA 99 separates from I-79 and turns east at a T-intersection to access US 19, where PA 99 terminates.
History.
In 1928, the PA 99 number was first assigned to what is now Pennsylvania Route 5 along the shores of Lake Erie. Along its course, the highway had two spurs in the Erie Metropolitan Area: Pennsylvania Route 199 and Pennsylvania Route 299. The current alignment from Edinboro to Kearsarge was signed as U.S. Route 19.
By 1940, PA 99 was moved to its current alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="5980038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980038" title="Iranian frigate Sahand">
Iranian frigate Sahand

Iranian frigate "Sahand" (in Persian سهند), a British-made Vosper Mark V class frigate (also known as "Alvand" class frigate), was commissioned as part of a four-ship order. The ship was originally called "Faramarz", named after a character in Ferdosi's Shahnameh. However after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, it was renamed "Sahand", after the Sahand volcano.
The Iranian Navy ship was sunk in Operation Praying Mantis on 18 April 1988. Located by two American A-6E Intruders of Attack Squadron 95 steaming roughly ten miles southwest of Larak Island, she was hit by two Harpoon missiles and two AGM-123 Skipper II laser-guided bombs. A pair of Rockeye cluster bombs from the aircraft and a single Harpoon from the USS "Joseph Strauss" (DDG-16) finished off the ship. Left heavily aflame, dead in the water and listing to port, the "Sahand" burned for several hours before fire reached her ammunition magazines and detonated, sinking the ship in over of water southwest of Larak Island.
Iran is building a Moudge class ship named Sahand in memory of the original Sahand.

</doc>
<doc id="5980041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980041" title="Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District">
Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District

Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Harlingen, Texas (USA).
HCISD serves most of the city of Harlingen, the city of Palm Valley, the towns of Combes and Primera, and portions of unincorporated Cameron County, including Las Palmas-Juarez and Lasana.
HCISD has its own TV station locally broadcast in Harlingen on cable provided by Time Warner Cable of the Rio Grande Valley. KHGN-TV is used to inform parents and students of updates involving Harlingen and its schools. Also aired on KHGN is Harlingen High School's Cardinal News and Nonsense and Harlingen High School South's Southern Scoop.
The HCISD district office and KHGN-TV Channel 17 TV station are located at 407 N. 77 Sunshine Strip in Harlingen, Texas (78550).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5980051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980051" title="Gaillard (disambiguation)">
Gaillard (disambiguation)

Gaillards is a naval term for the forecastle and quarterdeck (together) on a sailing warship.
Gaillard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980057" title="Robert Scorpio">
Robert Scorpio

Robert Xavier Scorpio is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital", played by actor Tristan Rogers.
Casting.
Tristan Rogers originally played the role from December 1980 through February 25, 1992. The popularity and longevity of the character was furthered by his involvement with the monumentally popular "supercouple" Luke and Laura, whose 1981 wedding brought in 30 million viewers and remains the highest-rated hour in American soap opera history.
While Rogers' Scorpio had been "killed with no body found" when he left the series in 1992, Rogers returned briefly from November 15 to 22, 1995, as Scorpio's spirit to comfort the character's daughter Robin Scorpio (Kimberly McCullough), who is dealing with the loss of her boyfriend to AIDS-related illness and is herself HIV-positive. He returned again on January 27, 2006 till March 1, 2006, this time with Scorpio being very much alive. Rogers reappeared on April 13, 2006 and left again on November 16, 2006.
From August 5, 2008 through October 21, 2008, Rogers reprised the role of Robert Scorpio on the Season 2 of SOAPnet's "", a prime time spin-off of "General Hospital" which stars Scorpio's daughter Robin. He was featured in 12 of the season's 14 episodes, and "Soap Opera Digest" named the appearance their "Best Return" of 2008. Rogers later reappeared on "General Hospital" for four episodes starting December 22, 2008, as Scorpio attends Robin's wedding.
Rogers reprised the role for a brief period of time in February 2012, following the departure of Kimberly McCullough in the role of Rogers' on-screen daughter, Robin. Rogers reprised the role once again on November 15, 2012 to December 18, 2012. Rogers reprised the role once more beginning on October 4, 2013 as part of the return of the character's on-screen daughter's return. However, head writer Ron Carlivati confirmed on November 14, 2013 that Rogers would be departing the series in order to return to "The Young and the Restless" as his character Colin Atkinson. He departed on January 30, 2014.
Storylines.
1981–92, 1995.
Robert, an Australian, has an heroic past. He was involved in many adventures with his good friend Luke Spencer and his wife Holly Sutton. He has been an international spy for the WSB spy agency, and was police commissioner of Port Charles from 1983 through 1985, then again from 1988 through 1992 when he supposedly perished in an explosion in South America. When he resigned as police commissioner in 1985 he moved to Australia with his wife Holly to start anew, but returned to Port Charles when Anna and Robin needed his help for the Mr.Big caper but after he took down the mob he return to Australia to be with his wife. (Holly was presumed dead soon afterwards, so Robert ended up returning to Port Charles) Interim WSB Chief to tracked down agents that was killing other agents.
Robert and Holly Sutton married under strange circumstances. Holly was pregnant with the presumed dead Luke Spencer's baby and was about to be deported so Robert stepped in and married her. She ended up miscarrying the baby, but she and Robert eventually fell in love. 
Robert had a bad relationship with his brother Mac Scorpio when he first came to town because he blamed Mac for the death of their parents. Eventually the brothers patched up their relationship. Robert was presumed dead along with his wife, Anna Devane, in 1992. Their teenage daughter Robin Scorpio was left behind to be raised by Robert's brother Mac Scorpio. Anna Devane reappeared in 2001, but told her family that Robert was dead. However, Robert resurfaced in 2006, when Port Charles was stricken with a deadly strain of encephalitis. It came out that he was forced by the WSB to be incognito for 15 years as the only way to keep his families alive; he had no choice but to let them think he was dead. 
Robert married Anna Devane when the two were on assignment for the WSB in Italy. The two were married in secret before either character showed up in Port Charles. After Holly "died", Anna and Robert remarried in 1991. When the evil Cesar Faison kidnapped Anna, Robert left Port Charles for South America to rescue her. 
2006–08.
Both Robert and Anna turned up alive in Port Charles in 2006 much to the surprise of their daughter, Robin. During his return in 2006, Robert told Robin that he was in the South Pacific trying to track a lethal dose of encephalitis. He said that he quarantined a village and torched it but two potential carriers slipped through the net: one was a chimp and the other was Luke Spencer. Robert and Robin's relationship was briefly strained due to him not telling her he was alive, but they soon became close again. When Anna returned in the summer of 2007, she explained that Robert was deep undercover on a mission to recover black market alien remains. Later, at the end of the summer both Anna and Robert were assigned on a mission in the Amazon. The character then appears on the prime time spin-off "General Hospital: Night Shift" when he narrowly escapes a plane crashes near Port Charles. Jagger Cates rescues him and brings him to General Hospital where it is revealed that he has a brain tumor. During an MRI, Patrick Drake tells Robert that the brain tumor is the result of another tumor, and tells Robert that he has colon cancer. Writer Sri Rao explained the storyline, stating "When I decided to bring Robert Scorpio back to Port Charles, I wanted him and Robin to come together as a family. The best way to do that would be to have Robert present with a medical condition." Rao went on to explain the cultural reasons for using colon cancer as a plot point, stating "I chose colon cancer because it's a disease that affects so many men and women in this country – but we don't really talk about it. [...] This is one of the cancers that can most easily be prevented if only people will get screened. Hopefully, we can raise awareness of this with our viewers." Rao reached out to the National Colorectal Cancer Research Alliance to make sure he conveyed the story "authentically, responsibly and realistically". Robert falls into a coma, and both Mac Scorpio (John J. York) and Anna Devane (Finola Hughes) make appearances on the series to support the character. York took the opportunity to speak out and raise awareness on colon cancer. While in a coma, Robert dreams of Anna, Robin, Luke Spencer, Sean Donely and Tiffany Donely in a flashback to their old life in the 1980s. He comes out of the coma on October 14, 2008 and leaves for further treatment in Europe.
2012–14.
In February 2012, Robert returns to Port Charles, after receiving news that Robin had died in an explosion. Robert's guilt over what he deems as his inability to protect Robin prompts him to consider suicide by jumping off of a bridge. However, a despondent Robert is found by Luke, who tells Robert that Ethan Lovett is his son, in an effort to pull Robert back from the brink. Luke, along with assistance from Holly, concocts an elaborate story that Ethan had been abducted by Helena Cassadine (Ethan had actually agreed to go along with Luke's lie), prompting him to leave Port Charles with Holly to rescue "his" son. As a result of this, Anna is left to grieve for Robin on her own. Over the next several months, a burgeoning romantic relationship begins to develop between Anna and Luke, with Luke continuing to keep quiet about his lie. It is only following a trip to Switzerland, where Anna had been led to believe a very much alive Robin had been held, that Luke comes clean. An infuriated Anna then demands that Luke track down Robert and admit to what he had done. Luke eventually does so off-screen, with it being implied that the two men came to blows. In November 2012, Robert returns to Port Charles at the behest of Luke, who has informed him of the return of the long-presumed dead Duke Lavery. Robert, much as Luke had, suspects there is something amiss about "Duke's" return from the grave. Robert is later intrigued by word that Olivia Falconeri claims to have seen a different face in a vision about Duke, and recruits Elizabeth Webber to produce a sketch of the other face. When the sketch is completed, it bares a striking similarity to Robert's long-time enemy, Cesar Faison, who is masquerading as Duke in order to get closer to Anna. It's revealed that "Duke" really is Faison. Anna though still believes that the real Duke is alive. Robert, John, and Anna confronts Dr. Obrecht, and then find the real Duke Lavery. Robert then finds Robin alive, but Dr. Obrecht injects him, so no one knows. Anna finds Robert unconscious, and Robert is put into a coma. Robert wakes up from his coma on October 4, 2013 and is greeted by Anna and Mac. After some initial scepticism on Anna's part, he finally convinces her that he saw Robin alive just before Dr. Obrecht put him in the coma. They decide not to tell Mac in order to spare him the anguish of false hope if Robert is wrong. After Faison escapes from prison with the help of Obrecht, and Anna learns from Nikolas Cassadine that Obrecht has been to Cassadine Island, Robert and Anna decide to pursue them to Cassadine Island, hoping to find Robin still alive.
Robert and Anna are held prisoner on Cassadine Island by Jerry Jacks in the same laboratory where Jerry had kept Robin. After several weeks of captivity Robert and Anna manage to escape in November 2013. They capture Jerry and take him back to Port Charles as a prisoner. The team then goes to Spoon Island and finds Robin alive, leading to an emotional reunion. They capture Obrecht and Faison. Anna decides that the only way to keep Faison out of their lives for good is to kill him. Robert is reluctant to go along at first, but in the end when he sees that Anna is determined to kill Faison, he joins in her in a joint execution, saying "if we do this, we'll do it together." Robert covers their tracks and it remains unknown what really happened to Faison. He later announces that he'll leave Port Charles to help out Holly and her son Ethan, who got himself in trouble with a scam.

</doc>
<doc id="5980063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980063" title="Greg Weld">
Greg Weld

Greg Weld (March 4, 1944 – August 4, 2008) was an American racecar driver.
Weld won the 1963 Knoxville Nationals, the premiere event in sprint car racing. Weld raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1965–1972 seasons, with 36 career starts, including the 1970 Indianapolis 500. He finished in the top ten 11 times, with his best finish in 4th position in 1970 at Sacramento. He was also the 1967 USAC Sprint Car Series champion. He was the last driver to pilot a car powered by the famous Novi engine at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway when he crashed during a qualification attempt in 1966.
Weld also founded Weld Wheel Industries, a firm manufacturing forged alloy wheels for various vehicles, including race cars, and was an active sponsor of both race cars and series, including the United States Auto Club series, and ran the firm until its acquisition by American Racing Equipment in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5980072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980072" title="Don A. J. Upham">
Don A. J. Upham

Don Alonzo Joshua Upham (May 1, 1809 – July 19, 1877) was an American lawyer and Wisconsin politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin and served as the 4th Mayor of Milwaukee.
Early life.
Upham was born in Weathersfield, Windsor County, Vermont in 1809. He graduated from Union College in Schenectady, New York in 1831. He then taught mathematics for three years at the University of Delaware in Newark, Delaware.
After this, he studied law privately in New York City. After being admitted to the Delaware bar, he moved to Wilmington in 1834 and practiced law. He was also the Wilmington City Attorney. He was the owner and editor of the "The Delaware Gazette" for thee years. In 1837, Upham moved to the Territory of Wisconsin where he also worked as a lawyer.
Political career.
Upham held various political positions and in 1840 he served as a member of the Territorial Council, the upper house in the territory's legislature. He served in the Territorial Legislature from 1840-1842. In 1843 he was the Milwaukee County Attorney, and in 1846 he served as president of the First Wisconsin State Constitutional Convention. Upham served two terms as Mayor of Milwaukee, from 1849 to 1850.
In 1858, President James Buchanan appointed Upham United States Attorney for the District of Wisconsin, where he served until 1861.
Upham was the Democratic candidate for Governor of Wisconsin in 1851, but lost by less than one percent of the vote to Leonard J. Farwell, the Whig candidate.
He died in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 19, 1877 and is interred in Forest Home Cemetery in Milwaukee.
Family life.
Upham was the son of Joshua Upham and Phebe (Chamberlain) Upham. He married Elizabeth Smith Jacques in 1833 and they were married until his death. They had five children: John Jaques Upham, Adelaide Upham, Horace Alonzo Upham, Caroline Jaques Upham and Sarah Maria Upham.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="5980075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980075" title="Late Victorian Holocausts">
Late Victorian Holocausts

Late Victorian Holocausts: El Niño Famines and the Making of the Third World is a book by Mike Davis about the connection between political economy and global climate patterns, particularly El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO). By comparing ENSO episodes in different time periods and across countries, Davis explores the impact of colonialism and the introduction of capitalism, and the relation with famine in particular. Davis argues that "Millions died, not outside the 'modern world system', but in the very process of being forcibly incorporated into its economic and political structures. They died in the golden age of Liberal Capitalism; indeed, many were murdered ... by the theological application of the sacred principles of Smith, Bentham and Mill."
Overview.
This book explores the impact of colonialism and the introduction of capitalism during the El Niño-Southern Oscillation related famines of 1876–1878, 1896–1897, and 1899–1902, in India, China, Brazil, Ethiopia, Korea, Vietnam, the Philippines and New Caledonia. It argues that colonialism and capitalism in British India and elsewhere increased rural poverty & hunger and how economic policies exacerbated famine. The book's main conclusion is that the deaths of 30–60 million people killed in famines all over the world during the later part of the 19th century were caused by laissez faire and Malthusian economic ideology of the colonial governments. In addition to a preface and a short section on definitions, the book is broken into four parts, 'The Great Drought, 1876–1878', 'El Niño and the New Imperialism, 1888–1902', 'Decyphering ENSO', and 'The Political Ecology of Famine'.
"Davis explicitly places his historical reconstruction of these catastrophes in the tradition inaugurated by Rosa Luxemburg in "The Accumulation of Capital", where she sought to expose the dependence of the economic mechanisms of capitalist expansion on the infliction of ‘permanent violence’ on the South". Davis argues, for example, that "Between 1875–1900—a period that included the worst famines in Indian history—annual grain exports increased from 3 to 10 million tons", equivalent to the annual nutrition of 25m people. "Indeed, by the turn of the century, India was supplying nearly a fifth of Britain’s wheat consumption at the cost of its own food security." In addition, "Already saddled with a huge public debt that included reimbursing the stockholders of the East India Company and paying the costs of the 1857 revolt, India also had to finance British military supremacy in Asia. In addition to incessant proxy warfare with Russia on the Afghan frontier, the subcontinent’s masses also subsidized such far-flung adventures of the Indian Army as the occupation of Egypt, the invasion of Ethiopia, and the conquest of the Sudan. As a result, military expenditures never comprised less than 25 percent (34 percent including police) of India’s annual budget..." As an example of the effects of both this and of the restructuring of the local economy to suit imperial needs (in Victorian Berar, the acreage of cotton doubled 1875–1900), Davis notes that "During the famine of 1899–1900, when 143,000 Beraris died directly from starvation, the province exported not only thousands of bales of cotton but an incredible 747,000 bushels of grain."
Synopsis.
Part 1 : The Great Drought, 1876–1878.
Part 1 is further subdivided into three chapters – 1) Victoria's ghosts 2) The Poor Eat Their Homes 3) Gunboats and Messiahs. In this section Davis writes about the drought that occurred in the various parts of the British empire in the 1870s and the reactions of the colonial government.
Part 2 : El Niño and the New Imperialism, 1888 to 1902.
Part 2 is further subdivided into three chapters – 1) The Government of Hell 2) Skeletons at the Feast 3) Millenarian Revolutions.
This section deals with the impact of the colonial famine policy and its effects on the colonial subjects.
Part 3 : Decyphering ENSO.
Part 3 contains two chapters – 1) The Mystery of the Monsoons and 2) Climates of Hunger. It describes the effect of the ENSO on the lives and livelihood of the people around the world.
Part 4 : The Political Ecology of Famine.
The final part of the book has four chapters – 1) The Origins of the Third World 2) India: The Modernization of the Poverty 3) China: Mandates Revoked 4) Brazil: Race and Capital in the Nordeste.
Publication history.
This book was first published in Illustrated Hardcover edition in December 2000. It was later issued in paper back format in May 2002. An extract was published in "Antipode" in 2000.
Reception.
This book won the World History Association Book Prize in 2002. It was also featured in the LA Times Best Books of 2001 List.
In his review of the book Economics Nobel prize winner Amartya Sen, while generally approving the historical presentation of the facts, took issue with the framing and the narrow conclusions drawn by Davis. In response to Davis' approval of Karl Polanyi's hypothesis that "Indian masses in the second half of the 19th century . . . perished in large numbers because the Indian village community had been demolished", Sen retorts that "this is an enormous exaggeration." Sen goes on to argue that "Even though Davis's historical study concentrates on what can be called imperialist famines, failures of a very similar kind have occurred in independent countries and even in formally Socialist ones. Indeed, in the 20th century the biggest famines occurred mostly in countries outside the domain of liberal capitalism, notably in China during 1958-61 (with possibly 30 million deaths), but also in the Soviet Union in the 1930's, in Cambodia in the 1970's and in North Korea in the very recent past (not to mention the dismal record of domestic military dictatorships in sub-Saharan Africa). Absence of economic power combined with a lack of political leverage condemned millions of people to unrelieved destitution and untimely death." Sen concludes that "The late-Victorian tragedies exemplify a wider problem of human insecurity and vulnerability related, ultimately, to economic disparity and political disempowerment."

</doc>
<doc id="5980083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980083" title="History of Sweden (1945–67)">
History of Sweden (1945–67)

This article covers the history of Sweden from the end of World War II to 1967.
Overview.
Sweden emerged unharmed by World War II. The Swedish non-alignment policy officially remained – Sweden rejected NATO membership but joined the United Nations and later EFTA. Tage Erlander (s) was Prime Minister from 1946 to 1969 – a period of exceptional economic and social prosperity, and generally low unemployment, but the housing situation posed problems as more and more people moved to the cities. Responding to the housing shortage, the government introduced "miljonprogrammet" ("the million program") – a national wave of suburban development with the aim of creating a million homes from 1965 to 1974. This period saw the beginning of large-scale immigration to a country that used to be one of the more ethnically homogeneous in the world. The first phase of immigration consisted of workers from southern Europe, who were actively wooed over by campaigns of advertisement and recruitment in their home countries, for instance Italy & Austria. In the 1970s and 1980s many refugees with families arrived from e.g. Chile, Kurdistan, Vietnam & Somalia, some of them with refugee status, others on the immigration quota. At the same time, the economy was entering less powerfully prosperous times: while Sweden continues to be a thoroughly industrialized nation with many businesses of cutting-edge innovation, especially in telephonics, energy management, chemicals, pharmaceutics & food industry, this growth both in production and complication is not generating a great amount of new employment in Sweden anymore, and therefore did not swallow the generations who have grown up since 1980.
On September 3, 1967, Sweden was the last country in continental Europe to introduce right-hand traffic. This was done on Dagen H, in spite of the negative result of a referendum in 1955.
Swedish neutrality in the Cold War.
During the Cold War, Sweden maintained a dual approach, publicly the strict neutrality policy was forcefully maintained, but unofficially strong ties were kept with the U.S. and it was hoped that the U.S. would use conventional and nuclear weapons to strike at Soviet staging areas in the occupied Baltic states in case of a Soviet attack on Sweden. Over time and due to the official neutrality dogma, fewer and fewer Swedish military officials were aware of the military cooperation with the west, making such cooperation in the event of war increasingly difficult. At the same time Swedish defensive planning was completely based on help from abroad in the event of war. The fact that it was not permissible to mention this aloud eventually led to the Swedish armed forces becoming highly misbalanced. For example, a strong ability to defend against an amphibious invasion was maintained, while an ability to strike at inland staging areas was almost completely absent. The political unity among the democratic parties on the neutrality politics where total which made it possible for Sweden to rearm the military. In the 1970th and 1980th Sweden's military expenditure per capita where the highest in the world. Because of the neutrality politics most of the military equipment where produced and developed in Sweden by companies such as SAAB, Kockums, Bofors and Hägglunds (today BAE Systems AB). Prime minister Olof Palme summarized the Swedish neutrality in a speech in 1985; "Vi står för Sveriges oberoende i fred och kommer med fasthet att värna vårt territorium mot varje inkräktare (en: We stand for Sweden's independence in peacetime and will, with firmness, enforce our territory against every foreign intruder). "
In the early 1960s U.S. nuclear submarines armed with mid-range nuclear missiles of type Polaris A-1 were deployed outside the Swedish west coast. Range and safety considerations made this a good area from which to launch a retaliatory nuclear strike on Moscow. The submarines had to be very close to the Swedish coast to hit their intended targets though. As a consequence of this, in 1960, the same year that the submarines were first deployed, the U.S. provided Sweden with a military security guarantee. The U.S. promised to provide military force in aid of Sweden in case of Soviet aggression. Knowledge of this guarantee was by the Swedish governments kept from the Swedish public until 1994, when a Swedish research commission found evidence for it.
As part of the military cooperation the U.S. provided much help in the development of the Saab 37 Viggen, as a strong Swedish air force was seen as necessary to keep Soviet anti-submarine aircraft from operating in the missile launch area. In return Swedish scientists at the Royal Institute of Technology made considerable contributions to enhancing the targeting performance of the Polaris missiles.
Population change.
Since 1930, emigration has been slight. About 15,000-30,000 people left Sweden annually after 1965. Sweden welcomed refugees and displaced persons at the end of World War II. Because of the low birth rate, immigration accounted for 45% of population growth between 1945 and 1980. By 1991, 9% of the population had been born abroad. After 1980 immigration again increased rapidly, mostly because of new refugees, reaching more than 60,000 annually by 1990. The increase stirred some anti-immigrant feelings. Already by 1994 there were 508,000 foreign nationals in Sweden, concentrated mainly in the larger cities. The largest groups were Finns (210,000), Yugoslavs (70,000), Iranians (48,000), Norwegians (47,000), Danes (41,000), and Turks (29,000). Turks and Iranians make up 8% and 12% respectively of the foreign born non-European population. Aliens may vote in Swedish local elections after three years of legal residence. Swedes have for centuries exhibited Islamophobia (fear of Islam), but a change began in the 1990s with the acceptance of Muslims in Swedish schools, an increase in contact between Muslims and non-Muslims, and legal changes.
Sweden became highly urbanized after World War II, reaching 83% urban in 1990 and 85% today. As recently as 1940 only 38% of the population lived in urban areas, and in 1860, before industrialization, the proportion was only 11%. Large-scale movement from the countryside to the United States ended about 1900. Since 1945 the movement to Swedish cities has accelerated and has brought about a population decline in many areas, especially in the north. Most cities are small. Only 10 cities have populations of more than 100,000. The Stockholm metropolitan areas has a population of 2 million; Gothenburg has 906,000 in its metropolitan area and Malmö (including Lund) has 260,000, while the educational center of Uppsala has 130,000. The only large city in the north is Sundsvall (95,000 in metro area), which grew with the development of the forest industries in the 19th century and now is also a data processing center.
Culture and mass media.
Cultural influence from the United Kingdom and the United States has been obvious since the war. Imported and indigenous subcultures rose, with the rockabilly-inspired raggare and anarchist progg cultures as notable examples. (Before the world wars, Swedish culture was more inspired by Germany). Swedish film and music achieved international fame with names like Ingmar Bergman, Sven Nykvist, Lasse Hallström, Birgit Nilsson, ABBA, Entombed, Roxette, Denniz Pop and Max Martin. Currently, Sweden is the only non-English-speaking country in the world with a net export of music. Most Swedes are today proficient in English, a great deal of Swedish-produced popular music has originally English lyrics, and English language branding is very common.
The sexual revolution, together with sexual content in mass media (notably films "491" and "I Am Curious (Yellow)", together with the broad entry of women in many lanes of professional life (including the priesthood) in the 1960s and 1970s provoked a moralist counter-movement including the Christian Democratic party, but this trend has had scant political success.
Radio and television early became widespread in Sweden, but government struggled to keep the monopoly of licence-funded Sveriges television until the late 1980s, as satellite and cable TV became popular, and the commercial channel TV4 was permitted to broadcast terrestrially.
Sports.
Sweden has produced many world famous athletes during this period, among them boxer Ingemar Johansson, alpine skier Ingemar Stenmark, tennis players Björn Borg, Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg, ice hockey players Börje Salming, Kent Nilsson, Mats Sundin, Peter Forsberg and football players Glenn Hysén, Thomas Brolin, Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Sweden has hosted several high-profile sports events, for instance equestrian events of the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5980091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980091" title="Eric Jones (racing driver)">
Eric Jones (racing driver)

Eric Jones is a former part-time NASCAR driver. He ran in the Busch Series and had some of his best success in the Craftsman Truck Series. He won one NASCAR Midwest Series before moving up to major NASCAR.

</doc>
<doc id="5980095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980095" title="Martin Rocek">
Martin Rocek

Martin Roček is a professor of theoretical physics at the State University of New York at Stony Brook and a member of the C. N. Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics. He received A.B. and Ph.D. degrees from Harvard University in 1975 and 1979. He did post-doctoral research at the University of Cambridge and Caltech before becoming a professor at Stony Brook.
He was one of the co-inventors of hyperkähler quotients, a hyperkahler analogue of Marsden–Weinstein reduction and the structure of bihermitian manifolds. His research interests include supersymmetry, string theory and applications of generalized complex geometry, and with S. J. Gates, M. T. Grisaru, and W. Siegel, Rocek coauthored "Superspace, or One thousand and one lessons in supersymmetry" (1984), the first comprehensive book on supersymmetry.
He is the local coordinator of the annual Simons Workshop in Mathematics and Physics jointly hosted by Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics and the Department of Mathematics of the Stony Brook University.

</doc>
<doc id="5980113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980113" title="List of PlayStation 2 CD-ROM games">
List of PlayStation 2 CD-ROM games

This is a list of Sony PlayStation 2 games that use the CD-ROM format. Games in CD format are easily identified by their blue underside.
S.
"Note: Sega Ages Vol. 18 Dragon Force is the only Sega Ages released in DVD-ROM format."

</doc>
<doc id="5980173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980173" title="Conquistador!">
Conquistador!

Conquistador! is an album by Cecil Taylor released on the Blue Note label.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "During the two lengthy pieces, Lyons' passionate solos contrast with Dixon's quieter ruminations while the music in general is unremittingly intense. Both of the Taylor Blue Notes are quite historic and near-classics but, despite this important documentation, Cecil Taylor (other than a pair of Paris concerts) would not appear on records again until 1973".

</doc>
<doc id="5980175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980175" title="Sherbaz Khan Mazari">
Sherbaz Khan Mazari

Sardar Sherbaz Khan Mazari is a prominent Pakistani politician and the former leader of the opposition in the National Assembly hailing from the Baloch, Mazari tribe situated in Rojhan-Mazari.
Early life.
He was born at Rojhan on 6 October 1930 to Mir Murad Baksh Khan, Chief of the Mazari Tribe; he lost his mother when he was one and father when he was two. As an orphan he, along with his two brothers and three sisters, was placed under the guardianship of the British Government. He studied at Aitchison College at Lahore and until the independence of Pakistan in 1947 at the Royal Indian Military College at Dera Doon.
Politics.
Sardar Sherbaz Khan Mazari entered politics by supporting Miss Fatima Jinnah, sister of Mohammad Ali Jinnah, against Ayub Khan in the Presidential elections of 1964. In 1970 he was elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate . He was a signatory to the 1973 Constitution, as head of the independent group in the Assembly.
After the Bhutto led army action in Balochistan and the subsequent banning of the National Awami Party, he formed the National Democratic Party. This was part of an effort to oppose Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto's autocratic rule as well as to bring about peace in Balochistan. He served as the leader of the NDP from 1975 to 1985 and the leader of the Opposition in Parliament from 1975-1977. 
A former friend of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, he became one of his main political opponents in the Pakistan National Alliance. The 1977 elections led to a civil agitation movement which ultimately ousted Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto's government and brought in Martial Law under General Zia. DuringGeneral Zia's regime he again played a key role in opposing the military regime .He helped establish Movement for the Restoration of Democracy( MRD), an alliance of opposition parties which included the Pakistan Peoples Party. He spearheaded a movement against the military government as the Chairman of MRD's "Pakistan Bachao "(Save Pakistan )Committee. The resulting agitation caused widespread commercial disruption in Sindh and parts of Punjab and but was brutally suppressed by the army at a cost of many lives . It was only after Zia's death did democracy finally return to Pakistan.
A strong believer of democracy Sardar Mazari was incarcerated on numerous occasions 
during both Zulfikar ali Bhutto and General Zia's rule. He was one of the few West Pakistani politicians to have opposed the army action in what was then East Pakistan against the Bengali's and the only opponent of Zulfikar Bhutto to have condemned his judicial murder. He has been an outspoken critic of the treatment meted out to Balochi separatists by the Central Government 
He was defeated in the 1988 general elections due to differences within the Mazari tribe apparently engineered by "the Establishment" and retired from politics greatly disillusioned. In 1999, he wrote his memoir - Pakistan: A Journey to Disillusionment". 
This autobiography not only received excellent reviews but also proved to be a best seller within Pakistan and among Pakistanis living abroad.
Family.
He is the brother of Mir Balakh Sher Mazari the chief of Mazari Tribe and Former Caretaker prime minister of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5980184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980184" title="Paul Sutcliffe">
Paul Sutcliffe

Paul Sutcliffe is professor of mathematics, formerly at the University of Kent, now at Durham University. Using supercomputers he has modelled topological solitons. He showed that skyrmions look like buckminsterfullerene. He was awarded the LMS Whitehead Prize in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5980191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980191" title="Kibei">
Kibei

Kibei was a term often used in the 1940s to describe Japanese Americans born in the United States who returned to America after receiving their education in Japan. The exact number is not known--perhaps about 11,000. 
Those women who were in school in Japan in late 1941 typically entered the Japanese army. Those on the West coast of the United States were interned. Many volunteered for service with the U.S., especially as translators.
Another case was Minoru Wada, an American citizen educated in Japan who served as a Japanese Army junior officer. He was taken prisoner in the Philippines in 1945. He provided U.S. bomber crews with vital intelligence, and led the aircraft in a highly successful attack on the headquarters of the Japanese 100th Division. He was motivated by a desire to minimize the loss of life through aiding to effect a swift end to the Pacific War.

</doc>
<doc id="5980195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980195" title="Jefferson High School (Alexandria, Minnesota)">
Jefferson High School (Alexandria, Minnesota)

"For schools with a similar name, see Jefferson High School (disambiguation)."
Jefferson High School is a public high school located in Alexandria, Minnesota.
Academics.
JHS (Jefferson High School) offers more than 180 required and elective courses including college course opportunities, online selections, individualized study, and career/service mentorships. Many of these opportunities are given through the Alexandria Technical and Community College.
Sports and Activities.
Jefferson offers more than 50 student activities including the full complement of Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL) offerings, featuring varsity sports, fine and performing arts, and numerous school clubs and organizations.
Sports Includes:
Jefferson Senior High School also has a music program, where dedicated and talented directors teach the art of music.
Jefferson has over a thousand students that attend it.

</doc>
<doc id="5980219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980219" title="USS Echo (IX-95)">
USS Echo (IX-95)

USS "Echo" (IX-95), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the nymph Echo. A sailing scow, she was used as a supply ship in the South Pacific from 1942 to 1944.
History.
A twin-masted scow (flat-bottomed schooner) of New Zealand registry, "Echo" was built in New Zealand in 1905 by William Brown, of kauri timber. She was originally topsail rigged. Twin diesel engines were installed in 1920.
She was transferred to the US Navy under reverse Lend-Lease from New Zealand and commissioned on 4 November 1942 with Ensign M. C. Riddle in command.
Sailing from Auckland on 11 November 1942, "Echo" delivered cargo at Noumea en route to Efate in the New Hebrides. Based on this island at Port Vila, she served as a supply ship for the United States Army in the New Hebrides and adjoining island groups. On 14 February 1944, just prior to her departure for New Zealand, the Army awarded her crew a commendation. She arrived at Wellington on 12 March 1944, was decommissioned three days later, and returned to the New Zealand Government.
Film and TV series.
In 1942-44 she was used by US forces in the Pacific, and her story was the basis for the 1960 film with Jack Lemmon, "The Wackiest Ship in the Army" and the 1965 TV series of the same name. The storyline involved a secret mission with an Australian Coastwatcher, played by Chips Rafferty.
Postwar.
She was in use carrying cargo from Marlborough to Wellington until 1965, and hence was not available for the film. She was then used from 1972 as clubrooms by the Marlborough Cruising Club, but she deteriorated, and was nearly broken up in 1990. She is now preserved, but in poor condition, at Picton, New Zealand as the "Echo Gallery", a scow museum and bar, and can be visited at the Picton Marina.

</doc>
<doc id="5980245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980245" title="Idiot plot">
Idiot plot

In literary criticism, an idiot plot is "a plot which is kept in motion solely by virtue of the fact that everybody involved is an idiot" and where the story would otherwise be over if this were not the case. It is a narrative where its conflict comes from characters not recognizing, or not being told, key information that would resolve the conflict, often because of plot contrivance. The only thing that prevents the conflict's resolution is the character's constant avoidance or obliviousness of it throughout the plot, even if it was already obvious to the viewer, so the characters are all "idiots" in that they are too obtuse to simply resolve the conflict immediately.
Reviewing "Prime" in 2005 critic Roger Ebert said "I can forgive and even embrace an Idiot Plot in its proper place (consider Astaire and Rogers in "Top Hat"). But when the characters have depth and their decisions have consequences, I grow restless when their misunderstandings could be ended by words that the screenplay refuses to allow them to utter." Alternate formulations describe only the protagonist as being an idiot.
Damon Knight, in "In Search of Wonder", attributes the first use of the term to science fiction author and critic James Blish. Knight went on to coin the term second-order idiot plot, "in which not merely the principals, but everybody in the whole society has to be a grade-A idiot, or the story couldn't happen."
Writing in 2013, author David Brin explored one variation on the Idiot Plot. In most adventure films and novels, the writers and directors have an imperative to keep their protagonists in jeopardy. This becomes difficult if they are surrounded by skilled professionals, paid to intervene and help, if called. Hence, storytellers feel compelled to separate their characters from meaningful help, so that any assistance they receive is either late or else below the level of danger offered by the antagonists. The more powerful the villains, the more competent that help is allowed to be. "But for the most part, institutions and your neighbors are portrayed as sheep, so that only the hero's actions truly matter."

</doc>
<doc id="5980253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980253" title="Astor Cup">
Astor Cup

The Astor Cup was awarded by members of the Astor family in the United States in two different sports:

</doc>
<doc id="5980254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980254" title="Desert farming">
Desert farming

Desert farming generally relies on irrigation, as it is the easiest way to make a desert bloom. In California, the Imperial Valley is a good example of what can be done. Australia and the Horn of Africa are also places with interesting desert agriculture.
One problem associated with raising traditional plants in a desert is depletion of the ground water. Drip irrigation is one way to reduce the overall water demand. Another is to grow crops that are acclimated to the desert, such as jojoba, date palms, and citrus. 
Native Americans of the Sonoran Desert have long practiced (and continue to practice) desert agriculture "without" irrigation. This is highly dependent upon both winter snow and rain and summer monsoonal weather patterns which move moist tropical air from the Gulf of Mexico into northern Mexico and the southwestern U.S. states of Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, and Colorado. This moist air, combined with the intense solar heating of the ground, can cause the development of substantial thunderstorms that can deluge some portions of the ground with great amounts of water over a short time. While the surface quickly becomes dry, and there is much runoff of the water into normally dry streams and riverbeds, a substantial portion is absorbed into the upper soil levels. To take advantage of this condition for agriculture it is essential that crops be started early in the season, where they utilize residual winter water from Pacific Ocean storms originating in the Gulf of Alaska and other Winter Pacific storms from the tropics (the "Pineapple Express"). The early sprouts from planted seeds (mostly beans, squash, strawberries, and maize) are protected by starting them in small dug holes, where they are both closer to the winter water remaining in the soil and protected from the early spring frosts. Despite its success over a period of (likely) up to 14,000 years, there have been great difficulties with this form of agriculture since a drought beginning in 2002, with global warming suspected in changing weather patterns, and problems with ground water depletion due to extraction for modern conventional irrigated agriculture, metropolitan lawns, industrial purposes, and coal slurry pipelines (the latter now stopped through action by Navajo tribal authority).
The Native Americans practicing this agriculture included the ancient and no longer present Anasazi, the long-present Hopi, the Tewa, Zuni, and many other regional tribes, including the relatively recently arriving (about 1400 CE) Navajo. These various tribes were characterized generally by the Spanish occupiers of the region as Sinagua Indians, "sinagua" meaning "without water", although this term is not applied to the modern Native Americans of the region.
Owing to the great dependence upon weather, an element considered to be beyond human control, substantial religious beliefs, rites, and prayer evolved around the growing of crops, and in particular the growing of the four principal corn types of the region, characterized by their colors: red, yellow, blue, and white. The presence of corn as a spiritual symbol can often be seen in the hands of the "Yeh" spirit figures represented in Navajo rugs, in the rituals associated with the "Corn Maiden" and other kachinas of the Hopi, and in various fetish objects of tribes of the region.
American Indians in the Sonoran Desert and elsewhere relied both on irrigation and "Ak-Chin" farming—a type of farming that depended on "washes" (the seasonal flood plains by winter snows and summer rains). The Ak-Chin people employed this natural form of irrigation by planting downslope from a wash, allowing floodwaters to slide over their crops.
In the Salt River Valley, now characterized by Maricopa County, Arizona, a vast canal system that was created and maintined from about 600 AD to 1450 AD. Several hundred miles of canals fed crops of the area surrounding Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler and Mesa, Arizona. The ancient canals served as a model for modern irrigation engineers, with the earliest "modern" historic canals being formed largely by cleaning out the Hohokam canals or being laid out over the top of ancient canals. The ancient ruins and canals of the Hohokam Indians were a source of pride to the early settlers who envisioned their new agricultural society rising as the mythical phoenix bird from the ashes of Hohokam society, hence the name Phoenix, Arizona. The canal system is especially impressive because it was built without the use of metal implements or the wheel. It took remarkable knowledge of geography and hydrology for ancient engineers to lay out the canals, but it also took remarkable socio-political organization to plan workforce deployment, including meeting the physical needs of laborers and their families as well as maintaining and administering the water resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5980261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980261" title="USS Euhaw (IX-85)">
USS Euhaw (IX-85)

USS "Euhaw" (IX-85), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Euhaw tribe of Native Americans in the United States.
Formerly known as "Mayhap", she was acquired by the Navy in 1942 and placed in service in the 7th Naval District on 13 October of that year. She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 June 1944 and transferred to the War Shipping Administration for disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="5980263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980263" title="The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm">
The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm

The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm is a 1962 American film directed by Henry Levin and George Pal. The latter was the producer and also in charge of the stop motion animation. The film was one of the highest grossing films of 1962. It won one Oscar and was nominated for three additional Academy Awards. Several prominent actors — including Laurence Harvey, Karlheinz Böhm, Jim Backus, Barbara Eden, and Buddy Hackett — are in the film. 
It was filmed in the Cinerama process, which was photographed in an arc with three lenses, on a camera that produced three strips of film. Three projectors, in the back and sides of the theatre, produced a panoramic image on a screen that curved 146 degrees around the front of the audience.
Plot.
The story focuses on the Grimm brothers, Wilhelm (Laurence Harvey) and Jacob (Karlheinz Böhm), and is biographical and fantastical at the same time. Both are working to finish a history for a local Duke (Oscar Homolka), though Wilhelm is more interested in collecting fairy tales and often spends their money to hear them from locals. Tales such as "The Dancing Princess" and "The Cobbler and the Elves" are integrated into the main plot. One of the tales is told as an experiment to three children in a book store to see if publishing a collection of fairytales has any merit. Another tale, "The Singing Bone", is told by an old woman (Martita Hunt) in the forest who tells stories to children, while the uninvited Wilhelm secretly listens through an open window. The culmination of this tale involves a jeweled dragon and features the most involved usage of the film's special effects. 
Eventually, Wilhelm loses the manuscript of the Duke's family history while writing down this third story - he is actually supposed to be collecting additional information for the family history - and the brothers cannot meet their deadline. So they are required to pay their rent, which was waived while they worked. Meanwhile, because he was wading through a stream in an effort to retrieve the manuscript (which fell into the water after his briefcase broke open), Wilhelm becomes critically ill with pneumonia and lies at death's door. He dreams that at night various fairytale characters come to him, begging him to name them before he dies. The experience causes the fever to break and Wilhelm recovers completely, continuing his work as his brother publishes regular books such as a history of German grammar and a book on law. However, Jacob, shaken by his brother's experience, now begins to collaborate on the fairy tales with Wilhelm. 
The two are ultimately invited to receive honorary membership at the Berlin Royal Academy, which makes no mention of the tales in their invitation. But as the train pulls into the station and Jacob prepares to make a speech deliberately insulting the Academy for snubbing Wilhelm, hordes of children arrive, chanting, "We want a story!" Wilhelm begins: "Once upon a time, there were two brothers". The children raise their voices in a loud cheer, and the film ends with a caption card that reads "…and they lived happily ever after."
Reception.
Box office performance.
"The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" grossed $8,920,615 at the box office, earning $6.5 million in US theatrical rentals. It was the 14th highest grossing film of 1962.
Accolades.
The film won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more:
Cinerama Tells a Story.
"The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" was produced and exhibited in the original 3-panel Cinerama widescreen process. It was the first Cinerama feature that attempted to tell a cohesive story, unlike previous productions, which had all been travelogues. It was followed a few months later by a second such film, "How the West Was Won", before the notion of using Cinerama for narrative film was abandoned as impractical.
Cinerama Lost and Found.
Cinerama Inc, now a unit of Pacific Theatres, had long ago abandoned the process, put the machinery and negatives into storage at their old Forum Theatre in Los Angeles, and sold off the remaining Cinerama travelogue prints to be used as sound spacers. MGM held the elements for "How the West Was Won" and "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm", which they co-produced with Cinerama Inc. When the MGM Library was sold to Ted Turner, all the MGM elements went to the Turner company.
When Turner's Home Video unit released "Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" on VHS and Laserdisc, the film was transferred from an anamorphic 35mm element that was a composite of the 3 Cinerama panels. This video seems to be a general release version, missing the Overture, Prologue, Entr’acte, and Exit Music from the Cinerama roadshow presentation. In the late 1990s, a grass roots Cinerama revival reached from a specially retrofitted theatre in Dayton, Ohio, to the Pictureville Cinema museum in Bradford, England, drawing audiences from throughout the world to see Cinerama films saved or assembled by collectors. Talk of renovating the Seattle Cinerama theatre and Cinerama Dome in Hollywood, with the ongoing ability to show 3-strip Cinerama films, led to discussing the possibility of striking new prints of 3 strip Cinerama features to show there. 
While Cinerama Inc, under supervision of former Cinerama Dome manager John Sittig, examined their negatives of "This Is Cinerama" and discovered they were intact enough to strike a new print, Richard May, then in charge of MGM movies for the Turner organization, was able to report that the negatives for "How the West Was Won" were all in excellent shape. New Cinerama prints of both features were struck for occasional showings at the Seattle Cinerama, and the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood, while the Pictureville Cinema in Bradford continued to show collected prints scheduled at regular intervals.
Rumors of Negative Damage.
When asked about the possibility of striking a new print of "Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm", May said, at that time, that the "Grimm" negatives had sustained some water damage while in storage, and that the costs of making a new print were prohibitive.
In subsequent years, a good deal of lore and speculation evolved regarding the extent of damage to the "Grimm" negatives. Some reported the damage as "extensive" while others claimed it a total loss. Many believed that "West" and "Grimm" were stored with Pacific's Cinerama titles under less than ideal conditions, and it was often assumed the water damage to "Grimm" had happened there. The Turner/MGM film library was eventually sold to Warner Bros., but the actual elements had been very carefully stored by the Turner organization for many years. 
As the DVD market grew to include Blu-ray, Warner Bros. painstakingly restored and remastered "How the West Was Won" from the original 3-strip Cinerama negatives, but an interview with George Feltenstein of Turner/Warner's home video unit repeated "extensive water damage" (which he said had occurred in MGM's storage facility before Turner acquired the library) as a reason for not releasing "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm". Feltenstein did point out that, having been shot in IB Technicolor, the "Grimm" elements included protection separation elements of the 3 primary colors, all of which are in fine shape, and can be used to create a new negative. There was not enough apparent sales potential for "Grimm", he said, to justify the substantial cost at that time. As film negatives are often stored horizontally and stacked in boxes, it seems unlikely that the entire negative (3 strips for every reel) could have been water damaged unless there had been a rather serious flood. The director of a Cinerama documentary has said he has actually examined the "Grimm" elements, and - far from being "extensive" - the water damage to the 3 strip negatives was limited to only the far edge of one of the three panels, and even then only on some reels.
Restoration Rumor.
In online discussions with film fans, a Warner Home Video spokesman reportedly stated that they would not master "Grimm" to DVD from the 35mm anamorphic composite used for the Laserdisc because it was a general release version, missing the Overture, Prologue, Entr'acte and Exit music from its original roadshow engagements. Fans had pointed out that this version did not contain the full width of the 3 Cinerama panels. 
Meanwhile, Turner's own cable channel Turner Classic Movies (TCM) has been airing "Grimm" about twice a year, complete with all the elements that were missing from the laserdisc. This sparked a rumor that the film had been "restored." - A Cinerama related website (http://cinerama.topcities.com/wwotbgld.htm) has posted images illustrating the difference between the original 3 panels, the laserdisc, and the current TCM broadcast version - which shows more of the original picture. All the audio elements (Overture, sound for the Prologue, Entr'acte, Exit Music) were readily available, and have been released in a 2 disc CD soundtrack, so the only visual added on TCM showings was about a minute and 19 seconds of picture for the Prologue, and a still shot for the roadshow presentation music. The source of the currently broadcast complete version seen on TCM is still unknown, however, it has since been reported that there is also an existing 65mm negative which contains all 3 panels of the film.
Looking forward.
John Mitchell, a private collector who had assembled a Cinerama screen and projectors outside his home in Australia, compiled and carefully saved prints of Cinerama films, including an original IB Technicolor print of "Grimm". As Cinerama approaches its 60th anniversary, and the films of "How the West Was Won" and "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" approached their respective 50th anniversaries, it was announced that Mitchell's 3 Strip Cinerama print of "Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" would be shown at a Spring 2012 film festival in Bradford England, and a Cinerama festival in the Fall of 2012 in Hollywood. TCM held another successful film festival in Hollywood in the spring of 2012, which included a special Cinerama screening of "How the West Was Won" at the Cinerama Dome. At that point, TCM expressed an interest in showing "Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" in Cinerama at the Dome in their 2013 festival.
The Bradford screening in April 2012 of "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" marked the first public theatrical presentation of the full Cinerama version in forty years. This print has many splices, (being compiled by Mitchell from several original prints) and some problems reportedly caused by shrinkage in the C (Right side) panel reel early in part one of the movie. Despite these challenges, the film was warmly received, reportedly looking very good in some parts. While Bradford quickly scheduled a second screening of "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" for another festival in June 2012, a spokesman for Hollywood's Cinerama Dome reported that the condition of the print made it doubtful that it could be screened there. Unlike Bradford, which still uses classic vertical reel to reel film transport, the Dome runs movies off of platters, which can place extra stress on a fragile print. At that point attention turned to the 65mm composite negative (holding all 3 panels) and the possibility that it could be scanned for a digital screening at the Dome. While not ideal for exhibition, the digital scan could bolster some hope of a video release, or at least a better transfer broadcast on TCM. TCM was reportedly involved in talks to share funding for a new Digital Cinema Print (DCP) to be made from the 65mm negative, but it was decided to screen the actual print at the Dome, so discussion of making a DCP has not led to a commitment or decision as yet.
On September 29 and October 1, 2012, the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood did screen the 3-strip print of "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" as part of their 60th Anniversary celebration of Cinerama. Cinerama Inc. spokesman John Sittig reported this was the most requested title at the festival, and both screenings sold out all the most desirable seats well in advance. At the first screening, actor Russ Tamblyn spoke comically about the difficulties of filming in Cinerama. 
The screening was interrupted for a few minutes during the opening prologue after a frame alignment issue. Then after the intermission, at the end of the black leader during the entr'acte music, the projector showing the right panel rolled to a stop and burned a hole through the film, causing an approximately 45 minute delay as the projection team worked to synch the 3rd panel with the other two and the soundtrack. The second showing had no picture issues at all, but the sound failed a few minutes into act two. After an approximately 30 minute delay, the picture came back on, with all 3 panels in synch and there were no further problems. These screenings not only pleased existing fans, they won new ones among younger patrons seeing the film and/or Cinerama for the first time.
Worldwide fans also want to have this picture on home video, and a petition surfaced online to gather support for some kind of a DVD or Blu-ray release sometime in the future. (http://www.change.org/petitions/wonderful-world-of-the-brothers-grimm-on-dvdbluray) At the Cinerama festival, a spokesman for Image Trends, the company that has been digitally mastering the Cinerama travelogues for DCP and eventual home video release, stated that they believe they could cost effectively produce a digital version of "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" from either the partially damaged 3 strip negs or the 65m composite negative, both of which they have already done with other Cinerama films. 
There is still some hope Turner Classic Movies may at least help turn the tide for this film, as the warm reception from the two recent screenings would encourage TCM's desire to show the film at their Hollywood film festival in the spring of 2013. However, given its condition, it is not known whether this print would be available to travel back from England again. There is also some hope among Netflix DVD and streaming subscribers that adding "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm" to their "saved" list might possibly lead to its being added as a streaming option, which often occurs for older films that may not be considered commercial enough for a DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="5980275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980275" title="Mika Kallio">
Mika Kallio

Mika Kallio (born 8 November 1982 in Valkeakoski) is a Finnish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He debuted in the 125cc World Championship with the Finnish rookie team Ajo Motorsport in 2001 and was awarded the "Rookie of the Year" in 2002. After moving to Red Bull KTM during the 2003 season, he finished runner-up in the class in 2005 and 2006.
In his first year with KTM in the 250cc class, Kallio took two wins and finished seventh. In 2008, he led the championship throughout the first half of the season, eventually having to settle for third place. For the 2009 season, he moved to the MotoGP (800cc) class, racing on a Ducati Desmosedici GP9 for Ducati's satellite team Pramac Racing where he finished 15th in his first season in the top class and obtained the "Rookie of the Year" award. However 2010 was less successful, struggling with injury and lack of confidence, resulting in a lowly 17th.
Kallio looked to rediscover his form in 2011, competing in the Moto2 World Championship for the Marc VDS Racing Team riding a Suter.
Career.
Domestic.
Kallio started racing in 1997 and won the Finnish championship in road racing with further success in 1999 and 2000. During 2000, he also became the Nordic champion after finishing second in the previous year.
While Kallio pursued his road racing goals, the Finn has also scored plenty of success in ice racing back home in Finland, having achieved the Finnish motorcycle ice racing championship in 2000, 2004 and 2005 in the 125cc class. At 500cc level, Kallio also won the title in 2004 and 2006.
125cc (2001–2006).
Kallio made his debut in the 125cc World Championship as a wildcard rider at the 2001 German Grand Prix. Continuing with Ajo Motorsport and the Honda RS125R for a full season in 2002, he finished as the Rookie of the Year. Halfway through the 2003 season, Kallio switched to Red Bull KTM, KTM's factory team. He immediately took his career-best fourth place in Czech Republic. The highlight of 2003 was his first-ever class podium, a second place at Sepang behind Dani Pedrosa.
After a 2004 season filled with bike reliability issues, Kallio took his first championship pole position and victory at the second round of the 2005 season at Estoril. He went on to take seven more poles and three more wins and lost the world title by just five points to Thomas Lüthi. He lost five points at the fourth-last Grand Prix in Qatar when his KTM team-mate, Gábor Talmácsi, pulled out from behind the slipstream and passed him on the last few metres of the race to take the win by 0.017 seconds. Kallio had started from pole position and led every lap of the race and was not pushing on the home straight anymore, as Talmácsi had been ordered to stay back by the team because he was not a title contender. Talmácsi was fired after the season finale at Valencia.
In 2006, Kallio was again a challenger for the 125 cc title. Although he produced his best season to date, the young Finn was outshone by Spain's Álvaro Bautista and while he tried to hang onto the Spaniard, he was forced to settle for the runner-up spot once again, although he did finish a full 65 points ahead of the third position. Kallio scored three victories, four pole positions and 11 podiums during the 2006 campaign. At the end of the year, viewers of the Finnish motorsport television series "Ruutulippu" voted Kallio the Finnish Motorsportsman of the Year for the second year running. He collected 33.1% of all votes and pipped enduro world champion Samuli Aro, WRC runner-up Marcus Grönholm and F1 star Kimi Räikkönen.
250cc (2007–2008).
For the 2007 season, Kallio moved up to KTM's squad in the 250cc category alongside Japan's Hiroshi Aoyama. After a difficult start to the season with mechanical woes at Qatar and Spain, Kallio would consistently be fighting around the top six positions. The turning point of the season would be at Germany, where Kallio took his debut pole position and podium finish in the class for come home in 2nd behind team mate Aoyama to cap a fine 1–2 for KTM. A third place followed at the Czech Republic, although a nasty highside at San Marino, and more mechanical problems at Portugal were to slow his progress.
However the Finn would capture his first 250cc class victory at the rain-soaked Japanese race, and later added to his tally at the final round in Valencia, fending off Alex de Angelis on the final lap. He ended the season with two pole positions, two wins, four podiums and two fastest laps to place him seventh in the standings with 157 points.
Kallio remained at KTM for 2008. A strong start to the season saw a third place at the season opener under the floodlights of Qatar. A fortunate win at Jerez, Spain after title rivals Álvaro Bautista and Marco Simoncelli crashed out together on the final lap. Another solid third place at Portugal, before continuing his strong run with a masterful victory in China under tricky conditions. Kallio had built up a strong lead in the championship but his luck would soon change. After difficult races in France and Italy, the latter hampered by clutch issues at the start of the race, his bad luck continued in Catalunya when his bike broke down, and almost crashed on his return to the pits. His healthy lead in the standings had simply vanished.
His woes seemed to continue at Donington Park after qualifying only 14th. However, he passed one rider after another to jump up right to the head of the field to take a surprise victory. It were to be his final win in 250s. The KTM riders could not keep up with the pace of Piaggio riders and his title challenge was over in Australia, having been passed by eventual champion Simoncelli and Bautista a few races before. He did however make a long awaited return to the podium in third place, beating off fellow KTM rider Julián Simón to the line.
A forgettable race in Malaysia was followed by an accident in the final round at Valencia. Having been the only rider to keep pace with the new world champion, Simoncelli, Kallio was pushing to the limit to keep up and launch an attack on the final lap. However, he crashed half way round the final lap and slowly came home in an 11th place. He wrapped up the year to finish third overall with 196pts. It included three victories, three more podiums and two fastest laps, although he did not score a single pole position.
MotoGP (2009–2010).
On 19 October 2008, Kallio was announced as part of the new Pramac Racing lineup for 2009 in Moto GP alongside Italian Niccolò Canepa. Kallio was provided with the latest spec Ducati Desmosedici GP9 ensuring equality for the satellite teams and the factory squad.
His MotoGP career started brightly with two eighth places from the opening two rounds at Qatar and Motegi. During much of the season however would be blighted with several accidents, most notably from strong positions. At the Dutch TT at Assen, Kallio crashed out of sixth place and burnt his finger down to the bone, losing the top section. He missed the race at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, but was back in action at the Sachsenring in Germany, racing with a special custom-made glove to accommodate a bandage.
On 10 August 2009, when Casey Stoner announced that he would miss the next three races due to health problems, Kallio was called in to replace Stoner at the Ducati Marlboro team. Once his stint in place of Stoner was over, Kallio returned to Pramac for the final four races of the season. He continued to show his talents with three more top ten finishes, although he missed out on a potential top six finish at Estoril after another front end accident. Overall though, it had been a positive debut season in the top class and his points tally rewarded him with the title of "Rookie of the Year".
On 30 September 2009 Kallio announced that he had signed a new one-year contract with Pramac Ducati that would see him ride for the team in the season.
The 2010 season would prove to be an extremely difficult season for Kallio. His new team-mate Aleix Espargaró, gave Kallio a harder time and would usually match or outpace him. Kallio would only pick up just two top ten finishes throughout the whole season, an impressive seventh at Jerez from the back of the grid and ninth at Laguna Seca. But on a whole, it was a general disappointment.
On 17 October 2010, Kallio announced that he would not be competing in the final two rounds of the 2010 season due to a shoulder injury that he had been riding with, since Le Mans in May. A lack of confidence as well with the Ducati also contributed to his lack of results. As a result, Kallio and Pramac parted company as he had not been offered a contract by the team.
Moto2 (2011–).
On 7 November 2010, it had been announced that Kallio would move down a category to Moto2, teaming up with the Suter-run Marc VDS Racing Team alongside British rider Scott Redding for . He finished fourth in the 2013 season and started 2014 with a second place in Qatar.
Personal.
He has an older brother named Vesa, who is also a motorcycle racer. Finnish software house Tracebit also produced a mobile phone game based around Kallio, called 'Mika Kallio GP'.

</doc>
<doc id="5980278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980278" title="Hallar-Steinn">
Hallar-Steinn

Hallar-Steinn was an Icelandic poet active around the year 1200. He is best known for the poem Rekstefja, preserved in Bergsbók and "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar en mesta". A few other disjoint verses by him are also known, quoted in "Skáldskaparmál", "Laufás-Edda" and the Third Grammatical Treatise.
"Rekstefja" traces the career of King Óláfr Tryggvason from his upbringing in Russia to his fall at Svöldr. It consists of 35 "dróttkvætt" verses. The poem's name derives from its refrain (Old Norse "stef") which consists of three lines divided between three contiguous verses. The poem proclaims itself to be the third "drápa" on Óláfr Tryggvason, referring to two earlier ones by Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld and the unknown Bjarni. The poem is technically accomplished and makes use of complex combinations of kennings. It is influenced by the works of Arnórr jarlaskáld and Einarr Skúlason and has many similarities with "Óláfsdrápa Tryggvasonar", preserved in the same manuscript.
No biographical information on Hallar-Steinn has come down to us. His name may be derived from the farm-name Höll in Þverárhlíð in Borgarfjörður. He was identified by some early commentators with the 11th century court poet Steinn Herdísarson but this is rejected by modern scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="5980282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980282" title="Marek">
Marek

Marek is a Czech, Polish and Slovak given name, the equivalent of Mark in English.
Some people with the "given name" Marek:
Several footballers bear the given name Marek:

</doc>
<doc id="5980284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980284" title="Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont">
Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont

Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont (26 April 1711 – 8 September 1780) was a French novelist who wrote the best-known version of "Beauty and the Beast". She had a relationship with the spy for the British Thomas Pichon (1757–1760).
Life.
She was born in Rouen 1711 and died in 1780. She lost her mother when she was only eleven but wrote that she did not mourn her death. The family was very poor and several of her siblings had to be sent away for adoption. She wrote that her mother had suffered terribly at not being able to maintain contact with her children or to establish what had become of them. She therefore felt intuitively that her mother's death was a blessing.
From 1725 - 1735, she taught small children in Ernemont, about ten miles from Rouen. Subsequently, she obtained a prestigious position as a singing teacher to the children at the Court of the Duke of Lorraine, Stanisław Leszczyński, at Lunéville.
Her first marriage, in 1743, was disastrous and was annulled after two years. The Duke of Lorraine had personally paid her dowry, a huge sum, so that she could marry well, but her husband used the dowry to pay off his debts, then used the rest to buy a hotel. There, he held wild parties and entertained disreputable characters. After her husband contracted a communicable disease as a result of his lifestyle, she was able to obtain an annulment but she retained her husband's name.
In 1746, she left France to become a governess in London. She wrote "Beauty and the Beast and Other Classic French Fairy Tales", and after a successful publishing career in England, remarried, bore many children, and left England to live the rest of her life in Savoy.
Her first work, the moralistic novel "The Triumph of Truth" ("Le Triomphe de la vérité"), was published in 1748. She continued her literary career by publishing many schoolbooks. She then began to publish collections she called "magazines" of educational and moral stories and poems for children. She was one of the first to write fairy tales for children. She also wrote other works, based on traditional fairy tale themes.
Another well-known storyteller of the era, Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve, wrote a story titled "Beauty and the Beast". Leprince de Beaumont revised and abridged this story considerably, in the form in which it is most commonly known, and always included the revised version in the many "magazines" she published over the next 30 years. The success of this shorter revised version is the reason Leprince de Beaumont is commonly deemed the author of the classic story.

</doc>
<doc id="5980289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980289" title="Kansas City-style barbecue">
Kansas City-style barbecue

Kansas City barbecue refers to the specific style of slow smoked meat that evolved from the pit of Henry Perry in the early 1900s in Kansas City, Missouri. Kansas City barbecue is slow smoked over a variety of woods and then covered with a thick tomato- and molasses-based sauce.[http://www.experiencekc.com/barbeque.html]
The Kansas City metropolitan area is renowned for barbecue. Kansas City, Missouri, has more than 100 barbecue restaurants. The area is home to several large, well attended barbecue cooking contests, the two most notable being in nearby Lenexa, Kansas and at the American Royal.
Kansas City barbecue is characterized by its use of a wide variety of meat – pork, beef, chicken, turkey, mutton and sometimes fish – and an equally wide variety of methods of preparation. Slow-smoking – traditional barbecue – is the most common method, but dishes cooked by other means, such as grilled chicken, also can be found on the menus of local barbecue restaurants. Just about any type of barbecued meat served in the country's other barbecue capitals, from Carolina pulled pork to Texas brisket, is served here, though burnt ends – the crusty tips of a brisket of beef or pork – are distinctive to the city.
As in St. Louis, barbecue sauce is an integral part of Kansas City barbecue. The sauces found in the region are tomato-based, with sweet, spicy and tangy flavor profiles. Most local restaurants offer several sauce varieties but the staple sauce tends to be both spicy and sweet. Ribs are mostly pork, but also come in beef varieties and can come in a number of different cuts. Burnt ends, the flavorful pieces of meat cut from the ends of a smoked beef or pork brisket, are a popular dish in many Kansas City-area barbecue restaurants. Kansas City barbecue is also known for its many side dishes, including a unique style of baked beans, French fries, cole slaw, and other soul food staples.
In 2000, Kansas City restaurant chain Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbecue began shipping their barbecue nationwide. Efforts by Arthur Bryant's to export Kansas City barbecue beyond the metro area have not been as commercially successful.
History.
Henry Perry.
Kansas City traces its barbecue history to Henry Perry, who operated out of a trolley barn at 19th and Highland in the legendary African-American neighborhood around 18th and Vine.
Perry served slow-cooked ribs on pages of newsprint for 25 cents a slab. Perry came from Shelby County, Tennessee, near Memphis, and began serving barbecue in 1908. Kansas City and Memphis barbecue styles are very similar, although Kansas City tends to use more sauce and a wider variety of meats. Perry's sauce had a somewhat harsh, peppery flavor.
Perry's restaurant became a major cultural point during the heyday of Kansas City Jazz during the "wide-open" days of Tom Pendergast in the 1920s and 1930s.
Arthur Bryant.
Working for Henry Perry was Charlie Bryant, who, in turn, brought his brother, Arthur Bryant, into the business. Charlie took over the Perry restaurant in 1940 after Perry died. Arthur then took over his brother's business in 1946, and the restaurant was renamed Arthur Bryant's.
Arthur Bryant's, which eventually moved to 1727 Brooklyn in the same neighborhood, became a stomping ground for baseball fans and players in the 1950s and 1960s, because of its close proximity to Municipal Stadium, where the Athletics or A's played their home games during that period.
In April 1972, Kansas City native Calvin Trillin wrote an article in "Playboy" proclaiming Bryant's to be the best restaurant on the planet.
Despite new-found fame, Bryant did not change the restaurant's very simple decor, which consisted of fluorescent lighting, formica tables, and five-gallon jars of sauce displayed in the windows, even as Presidents Harry Truman, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan stopped by.
Bryant died of a heart attack, in a bed that he kept at the restaurant, shortly after Christmas of 1982. The restaurant is still open. The sauce and restaurant continue their success.
Along the main inner wall of the restaurant is photographic history of many famous politicians, actors, actresses and sports figures and other tribute pictures of military personnel displaying Arthur Bryant's memorabilia such as shirts or bottles of sauce.
Gates & Sons.
In 1946 Arthur Pinkard, who was a cook for Perry, joined with George Gates to form Gates and Sons Bar-B-Q. The restaurant was situated initially in the same neighborhood.
Gates barbecue sauce does not contain molasses; the ingredients, as listed on the bottle, are: "Tomatoes, vinegar, salt, sugar, celery, garlic, spices, and pepper. 1/10 of 1% potassium sorbate preservative added." It is available in Original Classic, Mild, Sweet & Mild, and Extra Hot varieties.
Gates also expanded its footprint in a more conventional way, with restaurants all displaying certain trademarks – red-roofed buildings, a recognizable logo (a strutting man clad in tuxedo and top hat) and the customary "Hi, May I Help You?" greeting belted out by its employees as patrons enter.
Gates has opened restaurants throughout the Kansas City metropolitan area. The chain currently consists of 6 area Gates Bar-B-Q restaurants: 4 in Missouri, 2 in Kansas. Gates also has sold barbecue sandwiches at Kauffman Stadium during Kansas City Royals home games, and currently at Arrowhead Stadium during Kansas City Chiefs home games.
The Fiorella Family.
Before focusing solely on barbeque, Russ Fiorella, Sr. worked as a butcher for a number of neighborhood grocery stores in Kansas City, Missouri that were owned by his family. In 1957, Russ sold his family's 23-room home in Brookside and opened Smokestack Barbeque at 8129 South U.S. 71 in Kansas City, Missouri. Russ moved with his wife and seven children into a six-room apartment above the restaurant. Smokestack began as a traditional storefront restaurant, offering a small selection of five to six items. Russ Fiorella's eldest son Jack worked with his father until 1974, when he decided to at the age of 32 to branch off and open his own Smokestack location at 135th St and Holmes Rd in South Kansas City. Jack Fiorella later rebranded his location in Martin City as Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbeque. Jack's sister Mary also opened her own Smokestack Barbeque restaurant at 8920 Wornall Road in the mid-1980s. Russell Fiorella, Jr. opened a Smokestack Barbeque location at 8250 N. Church Road on the north side of Kansas City. The original Smokestack Barbeque location on U.S. 71 closed in 2006.
In December 2012, the last remaining Smokestack location at 8920 Wornall Road closed. Two of its former employees, best friends Ricky McPheron and Bobby Johnson, reopened the restaurant as The Stack with a new streamlined menu in January 2012.
Other Notable Restaurants.
Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbecue.
Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbecue was originally opened in 1974 as the second location in the Fiorella family-owned chain of Smokestack Barbecue restaurants. Located at 135th St and Holmes Road in the Martin City neighborhood, the restaurant was opened by Russ Fiorella's eldest son Jack Fiorella and his wife Delores.
In 1979, Jack Fiorella set out to expand his concept by opening a second restaurant. The new restaurant was known as Hatfield & McCoy's, and it was located in downtown Overland Park, Kansas. Faced with high inflation, high costs of financing, and a struggling economy, Hatfield & McCoy's was faced with trouble from the time it opened. Jack closed the restaurant just two years later and returned his focus completely on Smokehouse Barbeque in Martin City. Jack, along with his wife and children, decided to expand their menu selections, adding non-traditional barbecue menu items like hickory-grilled steaks, lamb ribs, Crown Prime Beef Short Ribs, and fresh, hickory-grilled seafood, along with an extensive wine and bar selection. They also began offering a higher level of comfort and service than most people were accustomed to at a barbecue restaurant. Smokestack Barbeque of Martin City soon became one of the most successful and popular restaurants in Kansas City. In 1996, Jack Fiorella was named Restauranteur of the Year by the Greater Kansas City Restaurant Association.
Jack Fiorella was ready to expand again by the mid-1990s, but this time instead of a new restaurant concept, the plan was to replicate the success of his Martin City Smokestack Barbeque restaurant. Other members of the Fiorella family told Jack that he was not permitted to use the Smokestack name for his new restaurant, so both the new restaurant and Jack's existing restaurant in Martin City dropped the Smokestack name and were rebranded as Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbeque. The new restaurant was opened in 1997 at 9520 Metcalf Ave in Overland Park, Kansas. They also opened a full-service catering operation in Martin City and their third location in the historic Freight House building in the Crossroads Arts District. They began shipping their barbecue nationwide in 2000, and in October 2006 they opened a fourth location on The Country Club Plaza.
Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbecue has been featured on The Food Network and The History Channel, and has been rated as among the best barbecue in the United States by several national organizations and magazines. Most notably, the Zagat Survey has named it the "#1 Barbecue House in the Country."
Oklahoma Joe's.
Oklahoma Joe's Barbecue can be traced to competition barbecue and the Kansas City Barbeque Society (KCBS). Accompanying friends at the American Royal and The Great Lenexa BBQ Battle inspired Jeff Stehney to start cooking on his own. The first smoker purchased was an Oklahoma Joe’s 24” smoker, christened in April 1991.
By 1993, Jeff, his wife and business partner Joy, and Jim "Thurston" Howell were ready to make their mark on the KCBS competition circuit. Their competition team, Slaughterhouse Five, ended up winning eight Grand Championships, including the prestigious American Royal BBQ, three Reserve Grand Championships, and the KCBS’s Grand Champion “Team of the Year” in 1993. Over the next several seasons Slaughterhouse Five won dozens more awards and was generally recognized as one of the top competition BBQ teams in the Country.
Jeff and Joy opened Oklahoma Joe's in a gas station in Kansas City, Kansas in 1996. There are also locations in Olathe, Kansas and Leawood, Kansas.
Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain listed Oklahoma Joe's original Kansas City, Kansas location as one of "13 Places You Must Eat Before You Die". Men's Health magazine named it America's manliest restaurant. Oklahoma Joe's was featured on Season 3 of "Man v. Food" in August 2010. It was also named "Kansas City's Best Barbecue" by Zagat.
LC's Bar-B-Q.
Mississippi born L.C. Richardson took early retirement as a company chef for Farmland Industries and opened LC's Bar-B-Q near the Truman Sports Complex in 1986. LC's specializes in burnt ends and ribs, and utilizes a sauce similar to Gates' but with substantially less sugar and more vinegar. LC's also sauces the meat prior to smoking and continually saucing throughout the cooking process. This technique forms a thin, chewy and extremely flavorful layer on the outside of the meat and effectively seals the ribs, resulting in a remarkably tender and juicy finished product. LC's side dishes, especially the baked beans and the fresh-cut fries, are almost as noteable as the meats. LC's Bar-B-Q has also been featured on the Travel Channel's, " Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations".
B.B.'s Lawnside BBQ.
In October 1990, after leaving a sales job, Lindsay Shannon and his wife Jo opened B.B.’s Lawnside BBQ in south Kansas City. The main focus of B.B.'s is Kansas City style barbecue and Louisiana dishes. The menu includes Kansas City favorites like ribs, sausage and pulled pork, which are slow-smoked in a 60 year old pit with apple wood. The Louisiana dishes include gumbo, jambalaya, and goulash. Not long after opening in October 1990, owner Lindsay Shannon decided to add another one of his passions: blues music. Local and national blues bands perform at B.B.'s six nights a week. B.B.'s is known as "where barbecue meets the blues" in Kansas City. B.B.'s has been featured in the New York Times, and USA Today. About.com lists B.B.'s in the Top 5 Barbeque Restaurants in Kansas City.
KC Masterpiece.
In 1977, Rich Davis capitalized on the reputation of Kansas City barbecue to form KC Masterpiece, which evolved from his "K.C. Soul Style Barbecue Sauce." KC Masterpiece is sweeter and thicker than many of the traditional Kansas City sauces served in the region. The KC Masterpiece recipe uses extra molasses to achieve its thick, sweet character.
KC Masterpiece was sold to the Kingsford division of Clorox in 1986 and now claims to be the number one premium barbecue brand in the U.S. When Davis sold the rights to his sauce to Clorox, he announced plans to build a franchise of barbecue restaurants. The franchises were successful for many years, but eventually they declined in popularity and are now all closed.
Curt's Famous Meats.
Curt's Famous Meats is a meat market founded in 1947 by Curtis Jones and sold to Donna Pittman in 1989. With clientele from all across America, Curt's specializes in barbecue prepared with Kansas City rub. It has a long history of award winning barbecue, having won eight times the American Royal barbecue competition, the largest in the world. Curt's is located on East Truman Road in the Maywood neighborhood of Independence, Missouri. Although not in Kansas City proper, Curt's has been a large competitor in many local competitions in barbecue. Curt's Famous Meats is also known for its predominantly female staff that Donna Pittman has hired. They are known locally as the Lady Meat Cutters.
Kansas City Barbeque Society.
The Kansas City Barbeque Society (KCBS) was founded in 1986. With over 13,000 members worldwide, it is the world’s largest organization of barbecue and grilling enthusiasts. KCBS is a nonprofit organization dedicated to "promoting barbecue as America's cuisine and having fun while doing so."[http://www.kcbs.us/about.php]
KCBS sanctions nearly 300 barbecue contests across the U.S. each year and offers assistance to civic and charitable organizations with producing these events. The KCBS has developed a set of rules and regulations that govern all official KCBS competitions.
KCBS offers educational programs, consultation services and civic organization presentations to help spread the gospel of barbecue. The mission of the Kansas City Barbeque Society is to celebrate, teach, preserve and promote barbecue as a culinary technique, sport and art form.

</doc>
<doc id="5980292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980292" title="USS Congaree (IX-84)">
USS Congaree (IX-84)

USS "Congaree" (IX-84), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Congaree River in South Carolina. Formerly known as "Wakiva", she was an auxiliary yawl acquired by the Navy and placed in service at Port Everglades Section Base on 17 October 1942 for inshore patrol duty in the 7th Naval District. She performed in this capacity until placed out of service on 15 March 1943. In May 1946 she was transferred to Annapolis, Maryland, for duty at the United States Naval Academy. "Congaree " was turned over to the Maritime Commission in April 1947 and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 10 June.

</doc>
<doc id="5980301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980301" title="Spanish Inquisition">
Spanish Inquisition

The Tribunal of the Holy Office of the Inquisition (), commonly known as the Spanish Inquisition ("Inquisición española"), was established in 1478 by Catholic Monarchs Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile. It was intended to maintain Catholic orthodoxy in their kingdoms and to replace the Medieval Inquisition, which was under Papal control. It became the most substantive of the three different manifestations of the wider Christian Inquisition along with the Roman Inquisition and Portuguese Inquisition.
The Inquisition was originally intended in large part to ensure the orthodoxy of those who converted from Judaism and Islam. This regulation of the faith of the newly converted was intensified after the royal decrees issued in 1492 and 1501 ordering Jews and Muslims to convert or leave.
Various motives have been proposed for the monarchs' decision to found the Inquisition such as increasing political authority, weakening opposition, suppressing "conversos", profiting from confiscation of the property of convicted heretics, reducing social tensions, and protecting the kingdom from the danger of a fifth column.
The body was under the direct control of the Spanish monarchy. It was not definitively abolished until 1834, during the reign of Isabella II, after a period of declining influence in the previous century.
Previous Inquisitions.
The Inquisition was created through papal bull, "Ad Abolendam", issued at the end of the 12th century by Pope Lucius III as a way to combat the Albigensian heresy in southern France. There were a huge number of tribunals of the Papal Inquisition in various European kingdoms during the Middle Ages. In the Kingdom of Aragon, a tribunal of the Papal Inquisition was established by the statute of "Excommunicamus" of Pope Gregory IX, in 1232, during the era of the Albigensian heresy. Its principal representative was Ramon de Penyafort. With time, its importance was diluted, and, by the middle of the 15th century, it was almost forgotten although still there according to the law.
There was never a tribunal of the Papal Inquisition in Castile. Members of the episcopate were charged with surveillance of the faithful and punishment of transgressors. During the Middle Ages, in Castile, little attention was paid to heresy by the Catholic ruling class. Jews and Muslims were tolerated and generally allowed to follow their traditional laws and customs in domestic matters. However, by law, they were considered inferior to Catholics and were subject to discriminatory legislation.
The Spanish Inquisition can be seen as an answer to the multi-religious nature of Spanish society following the reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula from the Muslim Moors. After invading in 711, large areas of the Iberian Peninsula were ruled by Muslims until 1250, when they were restricted to Granada, which fell in 1492. However, the Reconquista did not result in the total expulsion of Muslims from Spain, since they, along with Jews, were tolerated by the ruling Christian elite. Large cities, especially Seville, Valladolid and Barcelona, had significant Jewish populations centered in Juderia, but in the coming years the Muslims were increasingly subjugated by alienation and torture. The Jews, who had previously thrived under Muslim rule, now suffered similar maltreatment.
Post-reconquest medieval Spain has been characterized by Americo Castro and some other Iberianists as a society of "convivencia", that is relatively peaceful co-existence, albeit punctuated by occasional conflict among the ruling Catholics and the Jews and Muslims. However, as Henry Kamen notes, "so-called convivencia was always a relationship between unequals." Despite their legal inequality, there was a long tradition of Jewish service to the crown of Aragon and Jews occupied many important posts, both religious and political. Castile itself had an unofficial rabbi. Ferdinand's father John II named the Jewish Abiathar Crescas to be Court Astronomer.
Nevertheless, in some parts of Spain towards the end of the 14th century, there was a wave of violent anti-Judaism, encouraged by the preaching of Ferrand Martinez, Archdeacon of Ecija. In the pogroms of June 1391 in Seville, hundreds of Jews were killed, and the synagogue was completely destroyed. The number of people killed was also high in other cities, such as Córdoba, Valencia and Barcelona.
One of the consequences of these pogroms was the mass conversion of remaining Jews. Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church, and theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to Judaism; this however was very narrowly interpreted. Legal definitions of the time theoretically acknowledged that a forced baptism was not a valid sacrament, but confined this to cases where it was literally administered by physical force: a person who had consented to baptism under threat of death or serious injury was still regarded as a voluntary convert, and accordingly forbidden to revert to Judaism. After the public violence, many of the converted "felt it safer to remain in their new religion." Thus after 1391 a new social group appeared and were referred to as "conversos" or "New Christians". Many "conversos", now freed from the antisemitic restrictions imposed on Jewish employment, attained important positions in 15th century Spain, including positions in the government and in the Church. Among many others, physicians Andrés Laguna and Francisco Lopez Villalobos (Ferdinand's court physician), writers Juan del Enzina, Juan de Mena, Diego de Valera and Alonso de Palencia, and bankers Luis de Santangel and Gabriel Sanchez (who financed the voyage of Christopher Columbus) were all "conversos". "Conversos" - not without opposition - managed to attain high positions in the ecclesiastical hierarchy, at times becoming severe detractors of Judaism. Some even received titles of nobility, and as a result, during the following century some works attempted to demonstrate that virtually all of the nobles of Spain were descended from Israelites.
Activity of the Inquisition.
The start of the Inquisition.
Alonso de Hojeda, a Dominican friar from Seville, convinced Queen Isabella of the existence of Crypto-Judaism among Andalusian "conversos" during her stay in Seville between 1477 and 1478. A report, produced by Pedro González de Mendoza, Archbishop of Seville, and by the Segovian Dominican Tomás de Torquemada, corroborated this assertion.
The monarchs decided to introduce the Inquisition to Castile to discover and punish crypto-Jews, and requested the pope's assent. Ferdinand II of Aragon pressured Pope Sixtus IV to agree to an Inquisition controlled by the monarchy by threatening to withdraw military support at a time when the Turks were a threat to Rome. The pope issued a bull to stop the Inquisition but was pressured into withdrawing it. On November 1, 1478, Pope Sixtus IV published the Papal bull, "Exigit Sinceras Devotionis Affectus", through which he gave the monarchs exclusive authority to name the inquisitors in their kingdoms. The first two inquisitors, Miguel de Morillo and Juan de San Martín were not named, however, until two years later, on September 27, 1480 in Medina del Campo.
The first "auto-da-fé" was held in Seville on February 6, 1481: six people were burned alive. From there, the Inquisition grew rapidly in the Kingdom of Castile. By 1492, tribunals existed in eight Castilian cities: Ávila, Córdoba, Jaén, Medina del Campo, Segovia, Sigüenza, Toledo, and Valladolid.
Sixtus IV promulgated a new bull categorically prohibiting the Inquisition's extension to Aragon, affirming that,
"many true and faithful Christians, because of the testimony of enemies, rivals, slaves and other low people—and still less appropriate—without tests of any kind, have been locked up in secular prisons, tortured and condemned like relapsed heretics, deprived of their goods and properties, and given over to the secular arm to be executed, at great danger to their souls, giving a pernicious example and causing scandal to many".
In 1483, Jews were expelled from all of Andalusia. Ferdinand pressured the pope to promulgate a new bull. He did so on October 17, 1483, naming Tomás de Torquemada Inquisidor General of Aragón, Valencia and Catalonia. Torquemada quickly established procedures for the Inquisition. A new court would be announced with a thirty-day grace period for confessions and the gathering of accusations by neighbors. Evidence that was used to identify a crypto-Jew included the absence of chimney smoke on Saturdays (a sign the family might secretly be honoring the Sabbath) or the buying of many vegetables before Passover or the purchase of meat from a converted butcher. The court employed physical torture to extract confessions. Crypto-Jews were allowed to confess and do penance, although those who relapsed were burned at the stake.
In 1484 Pope Innocent VIII attempted to allow appeals to Rome against the Inquisition, but Ferdinand in December 1484 and again in 1509 decreed death and confiscation for anyone trying to make use of such procedures without royal permission. With this, the Inquisition became the only institution that held authority across all the realms of the Spanish monarchy and, in all of them, a useful mechanism at the service of the crown. However, the cities of Aragón continued resisting, and even saw revolt, as in Teruel from 1484 to 1485. However, the murder of "Inquisidor" Pedro Arbués in Zaragoza on September 15, 1485, caused public opinion to turn against the "conversos" and in favour of the Inquisition. In Aragón, the Inquisitorial courts were focused specifically on members of the powerful "converso" minority, ending their influence in the Aragonese administration.
The Inquisition was extremely active between 1480 and 1530. Different sources give different estimates of the number of trials and executions in this period; Henry Kamen estimates about 2,000 executed, based on the documentation of the "autos-da-fé", the great majority being "conversos" of Jewish origin. He offers striking statistics: 91.6% of those judged in Valencia between 1484 and 1530 and 99.3% of those judged in Barcelona between 1484 and 1505 were of Jewish origin. "In 1498 the pope was still trying to...gain acceptance for his own attitude towards the New Christians, which was generally more moderate than that of the Inquisition and the local rulers."
Expulsion of Jews and repression of "conversos".
The Spanish Inquisition had been set up in part to prevent "conversos" from engaging in Jewish practices, which, as Christians, they were supposed to have given up. However this remedy for securing the orthodoxy of "conversos"' religion was eventually deemed inadequate, since the main justification the monarchy gave for formally expelling all Jews from Spain was the "great harm suffered by Christians (i.e. conversos) from the contact, intercourse and communication which they have with the Jews, who always attempt in various ways to seduce faithful Christians from our Holy Catholic Faith". The Alhambra Decree, which ordered the expulsion, was issued in January 1492. Historic accounts of the numbers of Jews who left Spain have varied enormously. Historians of the period give extremely high figures: Juan de Mariana speaks of 800,000 people, and Don Isaac Abravanel of 300,000. Modern estimates, based on careful examination of official documents and population estimates of communities, are much lower: Henry Kamen estimates that, of a population of approximately 80,000 Jews, about one half or 40,000 chose emigration. The Jews of the kingdom of Castile emigrated mainly to Portugal (whence they were expelled in 1497) and to North Africa. However, according to Henry Kamen, the Jews of the kingdom of Aragon, went "to adjacent Christian lands, mainly to Italy", rather than to Muslim lands as is often assumed. The Sefardim or Anusim descendants of Spanish Jews gradually migrated throughout Europe and North Africa, where they established communities in many cities. They also went to New Spain, the Ottoman Empire and North America (the American Southwest), Central and South America.
Tens of thousands of Jews were baptised in the three months before the deadline for expulsion, some 40,000 if one accepts the totals given by Kamen: most of these undoubtedly to avoid expulsion, rather than as a sincere change of faith. These "conversos" were the principal concern of the Inquisition; being suspected of continuing to practice Judaism put them at risk of denunciation and trial.
The most intense period of persecution of "conversos" lasted until 1530. From 1531 to 1560, however, the percentage of "conversos" among the Inquisition trials dropped to 3% of the total. There was a rebound of persecutions when a group of crypto-Jews was discovered in Quintanar de la Orden in 1588; and there was a rise in denunciations of "conversos" in the last decade of the 16th century. At the beginning of the 17th century, some "conversos" who had fled to Portugal began to return to Spain, fleeing the persecution of the Portuguese Inquisition, founded in 1536. This led to a rapid increase in the trials of crypto-Jews, among them a number of important financiers. In 1691, during a number of "autos-da-fé" in Majorca, 36 "chuetas", or "conversos" of Majorca, were burned.
During the 18th century the number of "conversos" accused by the Inquisition decreased significantly. Manuel Santiago Vivar, tried in Córdoba in 1818, was the last person tried for being a crypto-Jew.
The generally accepted number burnt at the stake by the Inquisition (including all categories such as Protestants, blasphemers, bigamists and crypto-Jews) is below 5,000 (see below).
Repression of Moriscos.
The Inquisition not only hunted for Protestants and for false converts from Judaism among the "conversos", but also searched for false or relapsed converts among the Moriscos, forced converts from Islam. The Moriscos were mostly concentrated in the recently conquered kingdom of Granada, in Aragon, and in Valencia. Officially, all Muslims in the Crown of Castile had been forcibly converted to Christianity in 1502. Muslims in the Crown of Aragon were obliged to convert by Charles I's decree of 1526, as most had been forcibly baptized during the Revolt of the Brotherhoods (1519–1523) and these baptisms were declared to be valid.
Many Moriscos were suspected of practising Islam in secret, and the jealousy with which they guarded the privacy of their domestic life prevented the verification of this suspicion. Initially they were not severely persecuted by the Inquisition, but experienced a policy of evangelization without torture, a policy not followed with those "conversos" who were suspected of being crypto-Jews. There were various reasons for this. Most importantly, in the kingdoms of Valencia and Aragon a large number of the Moriscos were under the jurisdiction of the nobility, and persecution would have been viewed as a frontal assault on the economic interests of this powerful social class. Still, fears ran high among the population that the Moriscos were traitorous, especially in Granada. The coast was regularly raided by Barbary pirates backed by Spain's enemy the Ottoman Empire, and the Moriscos were suspected of aiding them.
In the second half of the century, late in the reign of Philip II, conditions worsened between Old Christians and Moriscos. The 1568–1570 Morisco Revolt in Granada was harshly suppressed, and the Inquisition intensified its attention to the Moriscos. From 1570 Morisco cases became predominant in the tribunals of Zaragoza, Valencia and Granada; in the tribunal of Granada, between 1560 and 1571, 82% of those accused were Moriscos. Still, according to Kamen, the Moriscos did not experience the same harshness as judaizing "conversos" and Protestants, and the number of capital punishments was proportionally less.
In 1609 King Philip III, upon the advice of his financial adviser the Duke of Lerma and Archbishop of Valencia Juan de Ribera, decreed the Expulsion of the Moriscos. Hundreds of thousands of Moriscos were expelled, some of them probably sincere Christians. This was further fueled by the religious intolerance of Archbishop Ribera who quoted the Old Testament texts ordering the enemies of God to be slain without mercy and setting forth the duties of kings to extirpate them. The edict required: 'The Moriscos to depart, under the pain of death and confiscation, without trial or sentence... to take with them no money, bullion, jewels or bills of exchange... just what they could carry.' So successful was the enterprise, in the space of months, Spain was emptied of its Moriscos. Expelled were the Moriscos of Aragon, Murcia, Catalonia, Castile, Mancha and Extremadura. As for the Moriscos of Granada, such as the Herrador family who held positions in the Church and magistracy, they still had to struggle against exile and confiscation.
An indeterminate number of Moriscos remained in Spain and, during the 17th century, the Inquisition pursued some trials against them of minor importance: according to Kamen, between 1615 and 1700, cases against Moriscos constituted only 9 percent of those judged by the Inquisition.
Demographic consequences.
In December 2008, a genetic study of the current population of the Iberian Peninsula, published in the "American Journal of Human Genetics", estimated that about 10% have North African ancestors and 20% have Sephardi Jews as ancestors. Since there is no direct link between genetic makeup and religious affiliation, however, it is difficult to draw direct conclusions between their findings and forced or voluntary conversion. Nevertheless, the Sephardic result is in contradiction or not replicated in all the body of genetic studies done in Iberia and has been later questioned by the authors themselves and by Stephen Oppenheimer who estimates that much earlier migrations, 5000 to 10,000 years ago from the Eastern Mediterranean might also have accounted for the Sephardic estimates: "They are really assuming that they are looking at this migration of Jewish immigrants, but the same lineages could have been introduced in the Neolithic". The rest of genetic studies done in Spain estimate the Moorish contribution ranging from 2.5/3.4% to 7.7%.
Control of Protestants.
Despite much popular myth about the Spanish Inquisition relating to Protestants, it dealt with very few cases involving actual Protestants, as there were so few in Spain. The first of the trials against those labeled by the Inquisition as "Lutheran" were those against the sect of mystics known as the "Alumbrados" of Guadalajara and Valladolid. The trials were long, and ended with prison sentences of differing lengths, though none of the sect were executed. Nevertheless, the subject of the "Alumbrados" put the Inquisition on the trail of many intellectuals and clerics who, interested in Erasmian ideas, had strayed from orthodoxy. This is striking because both Charles I and Philip II were confessed admirers of Erasmus. Such was the case with the humanist Juan de Valdés, who was forced to flee to Italy to escape the process that had been begun against him, and the preacher, Juan de Ávila, who spent close to a year in prison.
The first trials against Lutheran groups, as such, took place between 1558 and 1562, at the beginning of the reign of Philip II, against two communities of Protestants from the cities of Valladolid and Seville numbering about 120. The trials signaled a notable intensification of the Inquisition's activities. A number of "autos-da-fé" were held, some of them presided over by members of the royal family and around 100 executions took place. The "autos-da-fé" of the mid-century virtually put an end to Spanish Protestantism which was, throughout, a small phenomenon to begin with.
After 1562, though the trials continued, the repression was much reduced. According to Kamen, about 200 Spaniards were accused of being Protestants in the last decades of the 16th century. "Most of them were in no sense Protestants...Irreligious sentiments, drunken mockery, anticlerical expressions, were all captiously classified by the inquisitors (or by those who denounced the cases) as 'Lutheran.' Disrespect to church images, and eating meat on forbidden days, were taken as signs of heresy"
and it is estimated that a dozen Spaniards were burned alive.
Censorship.
As one manifestation of the Counter-Reformation, the Spanish Inquisition worked actively to impede the diffusion of heretical ideas in Spain by producing "Indexes" of prohibited books. Such lists of prohibited books were common in Europe a decade before the Inquisition published its first. The first Index published in Spain in 1551 was, in reality, a reprinting of the Index published by the University of Louvain in 1550, with an appendix dedicated to Spanish texts. Subsequent Indexes were published in 1559, 1583, 1612, 1632, and 1640. The Indexes included an enormous number of books of all types, though special attention was dedicated to religious works, and, particularly, vernacular translations of the Bible.
Included in the Indexes, at one point, were many of the great works of Spanish literature. Also, a number of religious writers who are today considered saints by the Catholic Church saw their works appear in the Indexes. At first, this might seem counter-intuitive or even nonsensical—how were these Spanish authors published in the first place if their texts were then prohibited by the Inquisition and placed in the Index? The answer lies in the process of publication and censorship in Early Modern Spain. Books in Early Modern Spain faced prepublication licensing and approval (which could include modification) by both secular and religious authorities. However, once approved and published, the circulating text also faced the possibility of post-hoc censorship by being denounced to the Inquisition—sometimes decades later. Likewise, as Catholic theology evolved, once-prohibited texts might be removed from the Index.
At first, inclusion in the Index meant total prohibition of a text; however, this proved not only impractical and unworkable, but also contrary to the goals of having a literate and well-educated clergy. Works with one line of suspect dogma would be prohibited in their entirety, despite the remainder of the text's sound dogma. In time, a compromise solution was adopted in which trusted Inquisition officials blotted out words, lines or whole passages of otherwise acceptable texts, thus allowing these expurgated editions to circulate. Although in theory the Indexes imposed enormous restrictions on the diffusion of culture in Spain, some historians, such as Henry Kamen, argue that such strict control was impossible in practice and that there was much more liberty in this respect than is often believed. And Irving Leonard has conclusively demonstrated that, despite repeated royal prohibitions, romances of chivalry, such as "Amadis of Gaul", found their way to the New World with the blessing of the Inquisition. Moreover, with the coming of the Age of Enlightenment in the 18th century, increasing numbers of licenses to possess and read prohibited texts were granted.
Despite repeated publication of the Indexes and a large bureaucracy of censors, the activities of the Inquisition did not impede the flowering of Spanish literature's "Siglo de Oro", although almost all of its major authors crossed paths with the Holy Office at one point or another. Among the Spanish authors included in the Index are: Bartolomé Torres Naharro, Juan del Enzina, Jorge de Montemayor, Juan de Valdés and Lope de Vega, as well as the anonymous "Lazarillo de Tormes" and the "Cancionero General" by Hernando del Castillo. "La Celestina", which was not included in the Indexes of the 16th century, was expurgated in 1632 and prohibited in its entirety in 1790. Among the non-Spanish authors prohibited were Ovid, Dante, Rabelais, Ariosto, Machiavelli, Erasmus, Jean Bodin, Valentine Naibod and Thomas More (known in Spain as Tomás Moro). One of the most outstanding and best-known cases in which the Inquisition directly confronted literary activity is that of Fray Luis de León, noted humanist and religious writer of converso origin, who was imprisoned for four years (from 1572 to 1576) for having translated the Song of Songs directly from Hebrew.
Some scholars indicate that one of the main effects of the inquisition was to end free thought and scientific thought in Spain. As one contemporary Spaniard in exile put it: "Our country is a land of ... barbarism; down there one cannot produce any culture without being suspected of heresy, error and Judaism. Thus silence was imposed on the learned." For the next few centuries, while the rest of Europe was slowly awakened by the influence of the Enlightenment, Spain stagnated. However, this conclusion is contested. The censorship of books was actually very ineffective, and prohibited books circulated in Spain without significant problems. The Spanish Inquisition never persecuted scientists, and relatively few scientific books were placed on the Index. On the other hand, Spain was a state with more political freedom than in other absolute monarchies in the 16th to 18th centuries. The backwardness of Spain in economy and science may not be attributable to the Inquisition.
Other offenses.
Witchcraft.
The category "superstitions" includes trials related to witchcraft. The witch-hunt in Spain had much less intensity than in other European countries (particularly France, Scotland, and Germany). One remarkable case was that of Logroño, in which the witches of Zugarramurdi in Navarre were persecuted. During the "auto-da-fé" that took place in Logroño on November 7 and November 8, 1610, 6 people were burned and another 5 burned in effigy. In general, nevertheless, the Inquisition maintained a skeptical attitude towards cases of witchcraft, considering it as a mere superstition without any basis. Alonso de Salazar Frías, who, after the trials of Logroño took the Edict of Faith to various parts of Navarre, noted in his report to the Suprema that, "There were neither witches nor bewitched in a village until they were talked and written about".
Blasphemy.
Included under the rubric of "heretical propositions" were verbal offences, from outright blasphemy to questionable statements regarding religious beliefs, from issues of sexual morality, to misbehaviour of the clergy. Many were brought to trial for affirming that "simple fornication" (sex between unmarried persons) was not a sin or for putting in doubt different aspects of Christian faith such as Transubstantiation or the virginity of Mary. Also, members of the clergy itself were occasionally accused of heretical propositions. These offences rarely led to severe penalties.
Bigamy.
The Inquisition also pursued offences against morals, at times in open conflict with the jurisdictions of civil tribunals. In particular, there were trials for bigamy, a relatively frequent offence in a society that only permitted divorce under the most extreme circumstances. In the case of men, the penalty was five years service as an oarsman in a royal galley (tantamount to a death sentence). Women too were accused of bigamy. Also, many cases of solicitation during confession were adjudicated, indicating a strict vigilance over the clergy.
Sodomy.
Inquisitorial repression of the sexual offence of sodomy, considered, according to Canon Law, as a crime against nature, merits separate attention. This included cases of incidences of heterosexual and homosexual anal sex, rape, and separately bestiality. Civil authorities at times executed those convicted.
In 1506 at Seville the Inquisition made a special investigation into sodomy, causing many arrests and many fugitives and burning 12 persons, but in 1509 the Suprema in Castile declared that crime not within the jurisdiction of the Inquisition deciding that cases of sodomy could not be adjudicated, unless related to heresy. Alleging that sodomy had been introduced to Spain by the Moors, in 1524 the Spanish Ambassador to Rome obtained a special commission from Clement VII for the Holy Office to curb its spread by investigating laymen and clergy in the territories of Aragon, whether or not it was related to heresy; and proceeding according to local, municipal law in spite of the resistance by local bishops to this usurpation of their authority.
The tribunal of Zaragoza distinguished itself for its severity in judging these offences: between 1571—1579, 101 men accused of sodomy were processed and at least 35 were executed. In total, between 1570 and 1630 there were 534 trials (incl. 187 for homosexuality, 245 for bestiality, and 111 with unknown specification of the charges) with 102 executions (incl. 27 for homosexuality, 64 for bestiality and 11 uncertain cases).
The first sodomite was burned by the Inquisition in Valencia in 1572, and those accused included 19% clergy, 6% nobles, 37% workers, 19% servants, and 18% soldiers and sailors. A growing reluctance to convict those who, unlike heretics, could not escape by confession and penance led after 1630 to greater leniency. Torture decreased: in Valencia 21% of sodomites were tortured prior to 1630, but only 4% afterwards. The last execution "in persona" for sodomy by the Inquisition took place in Zaragoza in April 1633. In total, out of about 1,000 convicted of sodomy - 170 were actually burnt at the stake, including 84 condemned for bestiality and 75 for homosexuality, with 11 cases where the exact character of the charges is not known.
Nearly all of almost 500 cases of sodomy between persons concerned the relationship between an older man and an adolescent, often by coercion; with only a few cases where the couple were consenting homosexual adults. About 100 of the total involved allegations of child abuse. Adolescents were generally punished more leniently than adults, but only when they were very young (under ca. 12 years) or when the case clearly concerned rape, did they have a chance to avoid punishment altogether. As a rule, the Inquisition condemned to death only those "sodomites" over the age of 25 years. As about half of those tried were under this age, it explains the relatively small percent of death sentences.
Freemasonry.
In 1815, Francisco Javier de Mier y Campillo, the Inquisitor General of the Spanish Inquisition and the Bishop of Almería, suppressed Freemasonry and denounced the lodges as "societies which lead to atheism, to sedition and to all errors and crimes." He then instituted a purge during which Spaniards could be arrested on the charge of being "suspected of Freemasonry".
Organization.
Beyond its role in religious affairs, the Inquisition was also an institution at the service of the monarchy. The Inquisitor General, in charge of the Holy Office, was designated by the crown. The Inquisitor General was the only public office whose authority stretched to all the kingdoms of Spain (including the American viceroyalties), except for a brief period (1507–1518) during which there were two Inquisitors General, one in the kingdom of Castile, and the other in Aragon.
The Inquisitor General presided over the Council of the Supreme and General Inquisition (generally abbreviated as "Council of the Suprema"), created in 1483, which was made up of six members named directly by the crown (the number of members of the Suprema varied over the course of the Inquisition's history, but it was never more than 10). Over time, the authority of the Suprema grew at the expense of the power of the Inquisitor General.
The Suprema met every morning, save for holidays, and for two hours in the afternoon on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. The morning sessions were devoted to questions of faith, while the afternoons were reserved for "minor heresies" cases of perceived unacceptable sexual behavior, bigamy, witchcraft, etc.
Below the Suprema were the different tribunals of the Inquisition, which were, in their origins, itinerant, installing themselves where they were necessary to combat heresy, but later being established in fixed locations. In the first phase, numerous tribunals were established, but the period after 1495 saw a marked tendency towards centralization.
In the kingdom of Castile, the following permanent tribunals of the Inquisition were established:
There were only four tribunals in the kingdom of Aragon: Zaragoza and Valencia (1482), Barcelona (1484), and Majorca (1488). Ferdinand the Catholic also established the Spanish Inquisition in Sicily (1513), housed in Palermo and Sardinia, in the town of Sassari. In the Americas, tribunals were established in Lima and in Mexico City (1569) and, in 1610, in Cartagena de Indias (present day Colombia).
Composition of the tribunals.
Initially, each of the tribunals included two inquisitors, a "calificador", an "alguacil" (bailiff) and a "fiscal" (prosecutor); new positions were added as the institution matured.
The inquisitors were preferably jurists more than theologians, and, in 1608, Philip III even stipulated that all the inquisitors must have a background in law. The inquisitors did not typically remain in the position for a long time: for the Court of Valencia, for example, the average tenure in the position was about two years. Most of the inquisitors belonged to the secular clergy (priests who were not members of religious orders), and had a university education.
The "fiscal" was in charge of presenting the accusation, investigating the denunciations and interrogating the witnesses by the use of physical and mental torture. The "calificadores" were generally theologians; it fell to them to determine if the defendant's conduct added up to a crime against the faith. Consultants were expert jurists who advised the court in questions of procedure. The court had, in addition, three secretaries: the "notario de secuestros" (Notary of Property), who registered the goods of the accused at the moment of his detention; the "notario del secreto" (Notary of the Secret), who recorded the testimony of the defendant and the witnesses; and the "escribano general" (General Notary), secretary of the court.
The "alguacil" was the executive arm of the court: he was responsible for detaining, jailing, and physically torturing the defendant. Other civil employees were the "nuncio", ordered to spread official notices of the court, and the "alcaide", jailer in charge of feeding the prisoners.
In addition to the members of the court, two auxiliary figures existed that collaborated with the Holy Office: the "familiares" and the "comissarios" (commissioners). "Familiares" were lay collaborators of the Inquisition, who had to be permanently at the service of the Holy Office. To become a "familiar" was considered an honour, since it was a public recognition of "limpieza de sangre" — Old Christian status — and brought with it certain additional privileges. Although many nobles held the position, most of the "familiares" came from the ranks of commoners. The commissioners, on the other hand, were members of the religious orders who collaborated occasionally with the Holy Office.
One of the most striking aspects of the organization of the Inquisition was its form of financing: devoid of its own budget, the Inquisition depended exclusively on the confiscation of the goods of the denounced. It is not surprising, therefore, that many of those prosecuted were rich men. That the situation was open to abuse is evident, as stands out in the memorial that a "converso" from Toledo directed to Charles I: "Your Majesty must provide, before all else, that the expenses of the Holy Office do not come from the properties of the condemned, because if that is the case, if they do not burn they do not eat."
Functioning of the inquisition.
Near the outset of the Inquisition, in a letter of April 14, 1482, Pope Sixtus IV instructed the Spanish to ensure due process, allow legal counsel and appeal to Rome. King Ferdinand defiantly rejected Papal control, the Inquisition becoming thereafter a tool of the monarchy, rather than the church. In 1483, Ferdinand made Torquemada the Inquisitor General of most areas of Spain. Its procedures were set out in various "Instrucciones" issued by the successive Inquisitors General, Torquemada, Deza, and Valdés.
Accusation.
When the Inquisition arrived in a city, the first step was the "Edict of Grace". Following the Sunday mass, the Inquisitor would proceed to read the edict; it explained possible heresies and encouraged all the congregation to come to the tribunals of the Inquisition to "relieve their consciences". They were called "Edicts of Grace" because all of the self-incriminated who presented themselves within a "period of grace" (usually ranging from thirty to forty days) were offered the possibility of reconciliation with the Church without severe punishment. The promise of benevolence was effective, and many voluntarily presented themselves to the Inquisition and were often encouraged to denounce others who had also committed offenses, informants being the Inquisition's primary source of information. After about 1500, the Edicts of Grace were replaced by the "Edicts of Faith", which left out the grace period and instead encouraged the denunciation of those guilty.
The denunciations were anonymous, and the defendants had no way of knowing the identities of their accusers. This was one of the points most criticized by those who opposed the Inquisition (for example, the Cortes of Castile, in 1518). In practice, false denunciations were frequent. Denunciations were made for a variety of reasons, from genuine concern, to rivalries and personal jealousies.
Detention.
After a denunciation, the case was examined by the "calificadores" (qualifiers), who had to determine if there was heresy involved, followed by detention of the accused. In practice, however, many were detained in preventive custody, and many cases of lengthy incarcerations occurred, lasting up to two years, before the "calificadores" examined the case.
Detention of the accused entailed the preventive sequestration of their property by the Inquisition. The property of the prisoner was used to pay for procedural expenses and the accused's own maintenance and costs. Often the relatives of the defendant found themselves in outright misery. This situation was only remedied following instructions written in 1561.
The entire process was undertaken with the utmost secrecy, as much for the public as for the accused, who were not informed about the accusations that were levied against them. Months, or even years could pass without the accused being informed about why they were imprisoned. The prisoners remained isolated, and, during this time, the prisoners were not allowed to attend Mass nor receive the sacraments. The jails of the Inquisition were no worse than those of secular authorities, and there are even certain testimonies that occasionally they were much better.
The trial.
The inquisitorial process consisted of a series of hearings, in which both the denouncers and the defendant gave testimony. A defense counsel was assigned to the defendant, a member of the tribunal itself, whose role was simply to advise the defendant and to encourage them to speak the truth. The prosecution was directed by the "fiscal". Interrogation of the defendant was done in the presence of the "Notary of the Secreto", who meticulously wrote down the words of the accused. The archives of the Inquisition, in comparison to those of other judicial systems of the era, are striking in the completeness of their documentation. In order to defend themselves, the accused had two possibilities: "abonos" (to find favourable witnesses, akin to "substantive" evidence/testimony in Anglo-American law) or "tachas" (to demonstrate that the witnesses of accusers were not trustworthy, akin to Anglo-American "impeachment" evidence/testimony).
In order to interrogate the accused, the Inquisition made use of torture, but not in a systematic way. It was applied mainly against those suspected of Judaism and Protestantism, beginning in the 16th century. For example, Lea estimates that between 1575 and 1610 the court of Toledo tortured approximately a third of those processed for heresy. In other periods, the proportions varied remarkably. Torture was always a means to obtain the confession of the accused, not a punishment itself. Torture was also applied without distinction of sex or age, including children and the aged.
Torture.
As with all European tribunals of the time, torture was employed. The Spanish inquisition, however, engaged in it far less often and with greater care than other courts. Historian Henry Kamen contends that some "popular" accounts of the inquisition (those that describe scenes of uncontrolled sadistic torture) are not based in truth. Kamen argues that torture was only ever used to elicit information or a confession, not for punitive reasons. Modern scholars have determined that torture was used in two percent of the cases, and in less than one percent of the cases was it used a second time, never more than that. The torture lasted up to 15 minutes.
Although the Inquisition was technically forbidden from permanently harming or drawing blood, this still allowed for methods of torture. The methods most used, and common in other secular and ecclesiastical tribunals, were "garrucha", "toca" and the "potro". The application of the "garrucha", also known as the strappado, consisted of suspending the victim from the ceiling by the wrists, which are tied behind the back. Sometimes weights were tied to the ankles, with a series of lifts and drops, during which the arms and legs suffered violent pulls and were sometimes dislocated. The "toca", also called "interrogatorio mejorado del agua", consisted of introducing a cloth into the mouth of the victim, and forcing them to ingest water spilled from a jar so that they had the impression of drowning (see: waterboarding). The "potro", the rack, was the instrument of torture used most frequently.
The assertion that "confessionem esse veram, non factam vi tormentorum" (literally: ((a person's)) confession is truth, not made by way of torture) sometimes follows a description of how, after torture had ended, the subject freely confessed to the offenses. Thus confessions following torture were deemed to be made of the confessor's free will, and hence valid.
Once the process concluded, the inquisidores met with a representative of the bishop and with the "consultores", experts in theology or Canon Law, which was called the "consulta de fe". The case was voted and sentence pronounced, which had to be unanimous. In case of discrepancies, the "Suprema" had to be informed.
According to authorities within the Eastern Orthodox Church, there was at least one casualty tortured by those "Jesuits" (though most likely, Franciscans) who administered the Spanish Inquisition in North America: St. Peter the Aleut.
Sentencing.
The results of the trial could be the following:
Frequently, cases were judged "in absentia", and when the accused died before the trial finished, the condemned were burned in effigy.
The distribution of the punishments varied considerably over time. It is believed that sentences of death were enforced in the first stages within the long history of the Inquisition. According to García Cárcel, the court of Valencia employed the death penalty in 40% of the processings before 1530, but later that percentage dropped to 3%).
The "autos-da-fé".
If the sentence was condemnatory, this implied that the condemned had to participate in the ceremony of an auto de fe (more commonly known in English as an "auto-da-fé"), that solemnized their return to the Church (in most cases), or punishment as an impenitent heretic. The "autos-da-fé" could be private ("auto particular") or public ("auto publico" or "auto general").
Although initially the public "autos" did not have any special solemnity nor sought a large attendance of spectators, with time they became solemn ceremonies, celebrated with large public crowds, amidst a festive atmosphere. The "auto-da-fé" eventually became a baroque spectacle, with staging meticulously calculated to cause the greatest effect among the spectators.
The "autos" were conducted in a large public space (in the largest plaza of the city, frequently), generally on holidays. The rituals related to the "auto" began the previous night (the "procession of the Green Cross") and sometimes lasted the whole day. The "auto-da-fé" frequently was taken to the canvas by painters: one of the better-known examples is the painting by Francesco Rizzi held by the Prado Museum in Madrid and which represents the "auto" celebrated in the Plaza Mayor of Madrid on June 30, 1680. The last public "auto-da-fé" took place in 1691.
The "auto-da-fé" involved: a Catholic Mass; prayer; a public procession of those found guilty; and a reading of their sentences (Peters 1988: 93-94). They took place in public squares or esplanades and lasted several hours: ecclesiastical and civil authorities attended. Artistic representations of the "auto-da-fé" usually depict torture and the burning at the stake. However, this type of activity never took place during an "auto-da-fé", which was in essence a religious act. Torture was not administered after a trial concluded, and executions were always held after and separate from the "auto-da-fé" (Kamen 1997: 192-213), though in the minds and experiences of observers and those undergoing the confession and execution, the separation of the two might be experienced as merely a technicality.
The first recorded "auto-da-fé" was held in Paris in 1242, during the reign of Louis IX. However, the first Spanish "auto-da-fé" did not take place until Seville in 1481; six of the men and women subjected to this first religious ritual were later executed. The Inquisition had limited power in Portugal, having been established in 1536 and officially lasting until 1821, although its influence was much weakened with the government of the Marquis of Pombal in the second half of the 18th century. "Autos-da-fé" also took place in Mexico, Brazil and Peru: contemporary historians of the Conquistadors such as Bernal Díaz del Castillo record them. They also took place in the Portuguese colony of Goa, India, following the establishment of Inquisition there in 1562–1563.
The arrival of the Enlightenment in Spain slowed inquisitorial activity. In the first half of the 18th century, 111 were condemned to be burned in person, and 117 in effigy, most of them for judaizing. In the reign of Philip V, there were 125 "autos-da-fé", while in the reigns of Charles III and Charles IV only 44.
During the 18th century, the Inquisition changed: Enlightenment ideas were the closest threat that had to be fought. The main figures of the Spanish Enlightenment were in favour of the abolition of the Inquisition, and many were processed by the Holy Office, among them Olavide, in 1776; Iriarte, in 1779; and Jovellanos, in 1796; Jovellanos sent a report to Charles IV in which he indicated the inefficiency of the Inquisition's courts and the ignorance of those who operated them:
friars who take position only to obtain gossip and exemption from choir; who are ignorant of foreign languages, who only know a little scholastic theology...
In its new role, the Inquisition tried to accentuate its function of censoring publications, but found that Charles III had secularized censorship procedures and, on many occasions, the authorization of the Council of Castile hit the more intransigent position of the Inquisition. Since the Inquisition itself was an arm of the state, being within the Council of Castile, civil, rather than ecclesiastical, censorship usually prevailed. This loss of influence can also be explained because the foreign Enlightenment texts entered the peninsula through prominent members of the nobility or government, influential people with whom it was very difficult to interfere. Thus, for example, Diderot's Encyclopedia entered Spain thanks to special licenses granted by the king.
However, after the French Revolution the Council of Castile, fearing that revolutionary ideas would penetrate Spain's borders, decided to reactivate the Holy Office that was directly charged with the persecution of French works. An Inquisition edict of December 1789, that received the full approval of Charles IV and Floridablanca, stated that:
having news that several books have been scattered and promoted in these kingdoms... that, without being contented with the simple narration events of a seditious nature... seem to form a theoretical and practical code of independence from the legitimate powers... destroying in this way the political and social order... the reading of thirty and nine French works is prohibited, under fine...
However, inquisitorial activity was impossible in the face of the information avalanche that crossed the border; in 1792
the multitude of seditious papers... does not allow formalizing the files against those who introduce them...
The fight from within against the Inquisition was almost always clandestine. The first texts that questioned the Inquisition and praised the ideas of Voltaire or Montesquieu appeared in 1759. After the suspension of pre-publication censorship on the part of the Council of Castile in 1785, the newspaper "El Censor" began the publication of protests against the activities of the Holy Office by means of a rationalist critique and, even, Valentin de Foronda published "Espíritu de los Mejores Diarios", a plea in favour of freedom of expression that was avidly read in the salons. Also, Manuel de Aguirre, in the same vein, wrote, On Toleration in "El Censor", "El Correo de los Ciegos" and "El Diario de Madrid".
End of the Inquisition.
During the reign of Charles IV of Spain, in spite of the fears that the French Revolution provoked, several events took place that accelerated the decline of the Inquisition. In the first place, the state stopped being a mere social organizer and began to worry about the well-being of the public. As a result, they considered the land-holding power of the Church, in the "señoríos" and, more generally, in the accumulated wealth that had prevented social progress. On the other hand, the perennial struggle between the power of the throne and the power of the Church, inclined more and more to the former, under which, Enlightenment thinkers found better protection for their ideas. Manuel Godoy and Antonio Alcalá Galiano were openly hostile to an institution whose only role had been reduced to censorship and was the very embodiment of the Spanish Black Legend, internationally, and was not suitable to the political interests of the moment:The Inquisition? Its old power no longer exists: the horrible authority that this bloodthirsty court had exerted in other times was reduced... the Holy Office had come to be a species of commission for book censorship, nothing more...
The Inquisition was first abolished during the domination of Napoleon and the reign of Joseph Bonaparte (1808–1812). In 1813, the liberal deputies of the Cortes of Cádiz also obtained its abolition, largely as a result of the Holy Office's condemnation of the popular revolt against French invasion. But the Inquisition was reconstituted when Ferdinand VII recovered the throne on July 1, 1814. Juan Antonio Llorente, who had been the Inquisition's general secretary in 1789, became a Bonapartist and published a critical history in 1817 from his French exile, based on his privileged access to its archives.
Possibly as a result of Llorente's criticisms, the Inquisition was once again temporarily abolished during the three-year Liberal interlude known as the Trienio liberal, but still the old system had not yet had its last gasp. Later, during the period known as the Ominous Decade, the Inquisition was not formally re-established, although, "de facto", it returned under the so-called Congregation of the Meetings of Faith, tolerated in the dioceses by King Ferdinand. On July 26, 1826 the "Meetings of Faith" Congregation condemned and executed the school teacher Cayetano Ripoll, who thus became the unfortunate last person known to be executed by the Inquisition.
On that day, Ripoll was hanged in Valencia, for having taught deist principles. This execution occurred against the backdrop of a European-wide scandal concerning the despotic attitudes still prevailing in Spain. Finally, on July 15, 1834, the Spanish Inquisition was definitively abolished by a Royal Decree signed by regent Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies, Ferdinand VII's liberal widow, during the minority of Isabella II and with the approval of the President of the Cabinet Francisco Martínez de la Rosa. (It is possible that something similar to the Inquisition acted during the 1833–1839 First Carlist War, in the zones dominated by the Carlists, since one of the government measures praised by Conde de Molina Carlos Maria Isidro de Borbon was the re-implementation of the Inquisition to protect the Church). During the Carlist Wars it was the conservatives who fought the liberals who wanted to reduce the Church's power, amongst other reforms to liberalize the economy. It can be added that Franco during the Spanish Civil War is alleged to have stated that he would attempt to reintroduce it, possibly as a sop to Vatican approval of his coup.
The Alhambra Decree that had expelled the Jews was formally rescinded on December 16, 1968.
Outcomes.
Confiscations.
It is unknown exactly how much wealth was confiscated from converted Jews and others tried by the Inquisition. Wealth confiscated in one year of persecution in the small town of Guadaloupe paid the costs of building a royal residence. There are numerous records of the opinion of ordinary Spaniards of the time that "the Inquisition was devised simply to rob people". "They were burnt only for the money they had", a resident of Cuenca averred. "They burn only the well-off", said another. In 1504 an accused stated, "only the rich were burnt". …In 1484…Catalina de Zamora was accused of asserting that "this Inquisition that the fathers are carrying out is as much for taking property from the conversos as for defending the faith. It is the goods that are the heretics." This saying passed into common usage in Spain. In 1524 a treasurer informed Charles V that his predessor had received ten million ducats from the conversos, but the figure is unverified. In 1592 an inquisitor admitted that most of the fifty women he arrested were rich. In 1676, the Suprema claimed it had confiscated over 700,000 ducats for the royal treasury (which was paid money only after the Inquisition's own budget, amounting in one known case to only 5%). The property on Mallorca alone in 1678 was worth "well over 2,500,000 ducats".
Death tolls.
García Cárcel estimates that the total number processed by the Inquisition throughout its history was approximately 150,000; applying the percentages of executions that appeared in the trials of 1560–1700—about 2%—the approximate total would be about 3,000 put to death. Nevertheless, it is likely that the toll was much higher, keeping in mind the data provided by Dedieu and García Cárcel for the tribunals of Toledo and Valencia, respectively. It is likely that between 3,000 and 5,000 were executed.
Modern historians have begun to study the documentary records of the Inquisition. The archives of the Suprema, today held by the National Historical Archive of Spain (Archivo Histórico Nacional), conserves the annual relations of all processes between 1540 and 1700. This material provides information on about 44,674 judgements, the latter studied by Gustav Henningsen and Jaime Contreras. These 44,674 cases include 826 executions "in persona" and 778 "in effigie". This material, however, is far from being complete—for example, the tribunal of Cuenca is entirely omitted, because no "relaciones de causas" from this tribunal have been found, and significant gaps concern some other tribunals (e.g. Valladolid). Many more cases not reported to the Suprema are known from the other sources (e.g. no "relaciones de causas" from Cuenca have been found, but its original records have been preserved), but were not included in Contreras-Henningsen's statistics for the methodological reasons. William Monter estimates 1000 executions between 1530–1630 and 250 between 1630–1730.
The archives of the Suprema only provide information surrounding the processes prior to 1560. To study the processes themselves, it is necessary to examine the archives of the local tribunals; however, the majority have been lost to the devastation of war, the ravages of time or other events. Jean-Pierre Dedieu has studied those of Toledo, where 12,000 were judged for offences related to heresy. Ricardo García Cárcel has analyzed those of the tribunal of Valencia. These authors' investigations find that the Inquisition was most active in the period between 1480 and 1530, and that during this period the percentage condemned to death was much more significant than in the years studied by Henningsen and Contreras. Henry Kamen gives the number of about 2,000 executions "in persona" in the whole of Spain up to 1530.
Henningsen-Contreras statistics for the period 1540–1700.
The statistics of Henningsen and Contreras, based entirely on "relaciones de causas", are following:
The actual numbers, as far as they can be reconstructed from the available sources, are following:
Autos da fe between 1701–1746.
Table of sentences pronounced in the public "autos da fe" in Spain (excluding tribunals in Sicily, Sardinia and Latin America) between 1701 and 1746:
Historiography.
How historians and commentators have viewed the Spanish Inquisition has changed over time, and continues to be a source of controversy to this day. Before and during the 19th century historical interest focused on who was being persecuted. In the early and mid 20th century historians examined the specifics of what happened and how it influenced Spanish history. In the later 20th and 21st century, historians have re-examined how severe the Inquisition really was, calling into question some of the conclusions made earlier in the 20th century.
19th to early 20th century scholarship.
Before the rise of professional historians in the 19th century, the Spanish Inquisition had largely been studied and portrayed by Protestant scholars who saw it as the archetypal symbol of Catholic intolerance and ecclesiastical power. The Spanish Inquisition for them was largely associated with the persecution of Protestants. The 19th-century professional historians, including the Spanish scholar Amador de los Rios, were the first to challenge this perception and look seriously at the role of Jews and Muslims.
At the start of the 20th century Henry Charles Lea published the groundbreaking "History of the Inquisition in Spain". This influential work saw the Spanish Inquisition as "an engine of immense power, constantly applied for the furtherance of obscurantism, the repression of thought, the exclusion of foreign ideas and the obstruction of progress." Lea documented the Inquisition's methods and modes of operation in no uncertain terms, calling it "theocratic absolutism" at its worst. In the context of the polarization between Protestants and Catholics during the second half of the 19th century, some of Lea's contemporaries, as well as most modern scholars thought Lea's work had an anti-Catholic bias.
William H. Prescott, the Boston historian, likened the Inquisition to an "eye that never slumbered".
Starting in the 1920s, Jewish scholars picked up where Lea's work left off. They published Yitzhak Baer's "History of the Jews in Christian Spain", Cecil Roth's "History of the Marranos" and, after World War II, the work of Haim Beinart, who for the first time published trial transcripts of cases involving conversos.
Revision after 1960.
One of the first books to challenge the classical view was "The Spanish Inquisition" (1965) by Henry Kamen. Kamen argued that the Inquisition was not nearly as cruel or as powerful as commonly believed. The book was very influential and largely responsible for subsequent studies in the 1970s to try to quantify (from archival records) the Inquisition's activities from 1480 to 1834. Those studies showed there was an initial burst of activity against conversos suspected of relapsing into Judaism, and a mid-16th century pursuit of Protestants, but the Inquisition served principally as a forum Spaniards occasionally used to humiliate and punish people they did not like: blasphemers, bigamists, foreigners and, in Aragon, homosexuals and horse smugglers. Kamen went on to publish two more books in 1985 and 2006 that incorporated new findings, further supporting the view that the Inquisition was not as bad as once described by Lea and others. Along similar lines is Edward Peters's "Inquisition" (1988).
One of the most important works in challenging traditional views of the Inquisition as it related to the Jewish conversos or New Christians, is "The Origins of the Inquisition in Fifteenth Century Spain" (1995/2002) by Benzion Netanyahu. It challenges the view that most conversos were actually practicing Judaism in secret and were persecuted for their crypto-Judaism. Rather, according to Netanyahu, the persecution was fundamentally racial, and was a matter of envy of their success in Spanish society.
Historian Thomas Madden has written about popular myths of the Inquisition.
In popular culture.
Literature.
The literature of the 18th century approaches the theme of the Inquisition from a critical point of view. In "Candide" by Voltaire, the Inquisition appears as the epitome of intolerance and arbitrary justice in Portugal and America.
During the Romantic Period, the Gothic novel, which was primarily a genre developed in Protestant countries, frequently associated Catholicism with terror and repression. This vision of the Spanish Inquisition appears in, among other works, "The Monk" (1796) by Matthew Gregory Lewis (set in Madrid during the Inquisition, but can be seen as commenting on the French Revolution and the Terror); in "Melmoth the Wanderer" (1820) by Charles Robert Maturin and in "The Manuscript Found in Saragossa" by Polish author Jan Potocki.
19th-century literature tends to focus on the element of torture employed by the Inquisition. In France, in the early 19th century, the epistolary novel "Cornelia Bororquia, or the Victim of the Inquisition", which has been attributed to Spaniard Luiz Gutiérrez, ferociously criticizes the Inquisition and its representatives. The Inquisition also appears in one of the chapters of the novel "The Brothers Karamazov" (1880) by Fyodor Dostoyevsky, which imagines an encounter between Jesus and the Inquisitor General. One of the best known stories of Edgar Allan Poe, "The Pit and the Pendulum", explores along the same lines the use of torture by the Inquisition. 
The Inquisition also appears in 20th-century literature. "La Gesta del Marrano", by the Argentine author Marcos Aguinis, portrays the length of the Inquisition's arm to reach people in Argentina during the 16th and 17th centuries. The Marvel Comics series "Marvel 1602" shows the Inquisition targeting Mutants for "blasphemy". The character Magneto also appears as the Grand Inquisitor. The Captain Alatriste novels by the Spanish writer Arturo Pérez-Reverte are set in the early 17th century. The second novel, "Purity of Blood", has the narrator being tortured by the Inquisition and describes an auto-da-fé. Carme Riera's novella, published in 1994, "Dins el Darrer Blau" ("In the Last Blue") is set during the repression of the "chuetas" ("conversos" from Majorca) at the end of the 17th century. In 1998, the Spanish writer Miguel Delibes published the historical novel "The Heretic", about the Protestants of Valladolid and their repression by the Inquisition. Samuel Shellabarger's "Captain from Castile" deals directly with the Spanish Inquisition during the first part of the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="5980305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980305" title="R. Ewing Thomason">
R. Ewing Thomason

Robert Ewing Thomason (May 30, 1879 – November 8, 1973) was a Texas politician, a member and Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives, the mayor of El Paso, a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives, and a judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas.
Born in Shelbyville, Bedford County, Tennessee, Thomason moved to Gainesville, Texas with his parents in 1880. He attended public schools, and graduated from Southwestern University in Georgetown in 1898. Thomason graduated from the law department of the University of Texas in 1900, was admitted to the bar in 1901, and commenced practice in Gainesville. Thomason was the prosecuting attorney of Cooke County, Texas from 1902 – 1906.
Thomason continued to practice law upon his moving to El Paso, Texas, in a law firm with Thomas Calloway Lea, Jr., and later J. G. McGrady and Eugene T. Edwards. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1917 to 1921, serving as speaker in 1920 and 1921. Thomason served as the Mayor of El Paso from 1927 – 1930, and was elected to the 72nd United States Congress as a Democrat in 1930. Thomason served from March 4, 1931 until his resignation on July 31, 1947, having been appointed United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas. When Thomason retired as a senior judge, he resided in El Paso until his death there on November 8, 1973. He was interred in Restlawn Cemetery.
Thomason did not normally use his first name and was known as R. Ewing Thomason or Ewing Thomason.
El Paso County Hospital District's University Medical Center, was named in his honor for about fifty years, until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5980308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980308" title="Astor Cup (auto race)">
Astor Cup (auto race)

The Astor Cup Race was an American auto racing event, first run in 1915 at the Sheepshead Bay Speedway at Sheepshead Bay, New York. The winner's trophy was donated by Vincent Astor, whose name and connections ensured the attendance of members of New York City's fashionable and wealthy elite.
Owned by a group of Wall Street and other business investors, including Harry Harkness of Cleveland and Carl G. Fisher of Indianapolis, the Sheepshead Bay Speedway Corporation acquired the defunct horse racing facility known as the Sheepshead Bay Race Track (which had been owned by William Kissam Vanderbilt and Leonard Jerome's Coney Island Jockey Club). The purchase was completed in April 1915 and the first Astor Cup race was held on October 9 that year.
Run over a two-mile (3 km) banked oval board track, the race was marred by the death of Harry Grant who died when his vehicle crashed during a practice run. Won by Gil Andersen in a Stutz, the first Astor Cup drew the top drivers from across the United States and Europe such as Ralph DePalma, Barney Oldfield, Eddie Rickenbacker, Dario Resta, Johnny Aitken and Howdy Wilcox.
The race ceased to exist after two years. Other auto races continued at the track until 1919. The Sheepshead Bay Speedway Corporation ran into financial difficulties, following the January, 1919, death of Harry Harkness. The property was sold for residential real estate development.
The original cup is now held by Indy Racing League, LLC, which is a descendant of Fisher's Indianapolis Motor Speedway, as both are now owned by Hulman & Company. A black granite base has been added displaying the names of all the AAA, USAC, CART, and IRL series winners since 1909. Originally announced on October 12, 2011 as the new championship trophy for the IZOD IndyCar Series, it was first presented to Dario Franchitti on February 13, 2012, during the organisation's State of INDYCAR address at Hilbert Circle. The winning driver and team owner are each presented with a scaled replica of the trophy during official IRL business meetings. Starting in 2012, the trophy will be presented at the final race of the season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5980309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980309" title="Lagophthalmos">
Lagophthalmos

Lagophthalmos is defined as the inability to close the eyelids completely. 
Blinking covers the eye with a thin layer of tear fluid, thereby promoting a moist environment necessary for the cells of the exterior part of the eye. The tears also flush out foreign bodies and wash them away. This is crucial to maintain lubrication and proper eye health. If this process is impaired, as in lagophthalmos, the eye can suffer abrasions and infections. Lagopthalmos leads to corneal drying and ulceration.
Pathophysiology.
Lagophthalmos can arise from a malfunction of the Facial nerve. Lagopthalmos can also occur in comatose patients having a decrease in orbicularis tone, in patients having palsy of the facial nerve (7th cranial nerve), and in people with severe skin disorders such as ichthyosis.
Today, lagophthalmos may arise after an overenthusiastic upper blepharoplasty. Blepharoplasty is an operation performed to remove excessive skin overlying the upper eyelid (suprapalpebral hooding) that often occurs with aging. This can appreciably improve the patient's appearance, and make the patient look younger. If, however, excessive skin is removed, the appearance is unnatural and "lagophthalmos" is one of the signs of such excessive skin removal.
Nocturnal.
"Nocturnal lagophthalmos" is the inability to close the eyelids during sleep. It may reduce the quality of sleep, cause exposure-related symptoms, or, if severe, cause corneal damage (exposure keratopathy). The degree of lagophthalmos can be minor (obscure lagophthalmos), or quite obvious.
It is often caused by an anomaly of the eyelid that prevents full closure. Treatment may involve surgery to correct the malposition of the eyelid(s). Punctal plugs may be used to increase the amount of lubrication on the surface of the eyeball by blocking some of the tear drainage ducts. Eye drops may also be used to provide additional lubrication or encourage the eyes to increase tear production.
The condition is not widely understood; in at least one instance a passenger was removed from a US Airways flight because of it.
Treatment.
Treatment of lagopthalmos can include both supportive care methods as well as surgical. If unable to receive surgery, artificial tears should be administered at least four times a day to the cornea to preserve the tear film. Leading up to a surgery, a patient can undergo a tarsorrhaphy which partially sews the eye shut temporarily to further protect the cornea as the patient waits for care. Multiple surgical treatments exist for Lagopthalmos but the most prevalent method includes weighing the upper eyelid down by surgically inserting a gold plate. Due to possible complications in conjunction with both the upper and lower eyelid, it might also be required to undergo a second surgery to tighten and elevate the lower eyelid to ensure both the upper and lower eyelids can fully close and protect the cornea.
Etymology.
The name of the condition derives from the Greek λαγωός "lagoos" (hare), referring to the myth that hares sleep with their eyes open. 

</doc>
<doc id="5980323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980323" title="Brother, Sister (MewithoutYou album)">
Brother, Sister (MewithoutYou album)

Brother, Sister is the third full-length album by indie rock band mewithoutYou, released on September 26, 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records. It features guest vocal and instrumental appearances by several artists, including Jeremy Enigk (of Sunny Day Real Estate), harpist Timbre, and members of Anathallo and the Psalters. From August 9, 2007, Burnt Toast Vinyl were taking pre-orders for a LP-format version of the album. The album features an abundance of symbolism, much of which is tied to animals; at least one can be found in the lyrics of each track.
"Brother, Sister" reached a peak position of number 116 on the "Billboard" 200 on October 14, 2006.
The cover art is by artist Vasily Kafanov. The album's title comes from the "Canticle of the Sun ".

</doc>
<doc id="5980327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980327" title="Wylie Independent School District (Taylor County, Texas)">
Wylie Independent School District (Taylor County, Texas)

The Wylie Independent School District is a public school district based in the far southern portion (often called Wylie) of Abilene, Texas, United States.
In order to avoid confusion with the Wylie Independent School District in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex suburb of Wylie, the district is commonly referred to as Abilene Wylie.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Geography.
Wylie ISD serves southern Abilene, the communities of Caps, Potosi, and View, as well as unincorporated areas in east central Taylor County. 
The district is bordered by the following school districts: Abilene ISD (north), Eula ISD (east, northeast), Clyde Consolidated ISD (southeast), Jim Ned Consolidated ISD (south), and Merkel ISD (west, northwest).
Schools.
There are a total of five schools in the Wylie Independent School District. All campuses are located within the city limits of Abilene.
History.
The history of Wylie ISD dates back to the early 20th century. While records show that a Wylie school district was designated as early as 1888, it wasn't until 1902 that a school was organized. Mary V. Wiley, widow of pioneer J.J. Wylie, donated two acres of land for the construction of a new school. Three prominent citizens each contributed $120 for the purchase of materials and residents pooled their talents to erect a twenty-by-thirty foot building for use as both a school and a church.
In its first year (1902), the campus was a private school with an enrollment of 13 students. The school, then called District No. 11, became a public school in 1903. A post office opened in the community a year later under the name Sambo. The school's name was changed from District No. 11 to Sambo School. Due to an increasing student population, a new school was built in 1915 on land donated by Mrs. Wylie. She requested that the school's name be changed to Wylie in honor of her late husband, which was done. A series of bond elections were held during the 1920s. The first, in 1924, funded the construction of a new brick school that opened in 1925. The second bond election was held in 1927 that approved the construction of two additional classrooms and a dining room for the home economics department.
The 1930s saw a number of smaller school districts consolidate with Wylie. The Neill school district did so in 1931, followed by Iberis in 1933. That year, the district expanded from ten to eleven grades. In 1935, Buffalo Gap began sending its tenth and eleventh graders to Wylie, which continued until 1978 when Buffalo Gap consolidated with Jim Ned. Potosi began sending its eleventh grade students to Wylie in 1937 and Cedar Creek closed and began sending its students to Wylie as well. The Bulldog mascot and the colors purple and gold were officially adopted in 1942. Potosi, which had been sending its secondary school students to Wylie since the late 1930s, fully consolidated with the district in 1949.
A bond election passed in 1962 that called for the addition of two buildings and other improvements. By 1964, a total of 466 students were enrolled in the district. As Abilene grew and annexed land from Wylie into its school district, Wylie residents voted to become an independent school district in 1968. Butterfield School, located between the communities of Caps and View, consolidated with Wylie ISD in 1978. A bond election held that same year passed, which funded the construction of a new high school campus on Farm Road 707 (Beltway South).
The district continued to grow and a new middle school (presently Wylie Intermediate School) opened in 1984. A year later, enrollment stood at 1,550. In 1986, an intermediate campus opened on Hardwick Road (present-day Wylie Elementary School). A larger high school campus on Antilley Road opened in 1994 and the previous high school was converted into the district's junior high school.
Wylie schools celebrated the district's 100th anniversary in 2002. At the end of the 2005-2006 school year, Butterfield School closed, reducing the number of schools from six to five.

</doc>
<doc id="5980344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980344" title="Propellane">
Propellane

In organic chemistry, propellane is any member of a class of polycyclic hydrocarbons, whose carbon skeleton consists of three rings of carbon atoms sharing a common carbon–carbon covalent bond. The name derives from a supposed resemblance of the molecule to a propeller: namely, the rings would be the propeller's blades, and the shared C–C bond would be its axis.
Propellanes with small cycles are highly strained and unstable, and are easily turned into polymers with interesting structures, such as staffanes. Partly for these reasons, they have been the object of much research.
In the literature, the bond shared by the three cycles is usually called the "bridge"; the shared carbon atoms are then the "bridgeheads". The notation [x.y.z]propellane means the member of the family whose rings have "x", "y", and "z" carbons, not counting the two bridgeheads; or "x"+2, "y"+2, and "z"+2 carbons, counting them. The chemical formula is therefore C2+"x"+"y"+"z"H2("x"+"y"+"z"). The minimum value for "x", "y", and "z" is 1, meaning a 3-carbon ring.
There is no structural ordering between the rings, so, for example, is the same substance as [3.2.1propellane. Therefore it is customary to sort the indices in decreasing order, "x" ≥ "y" ≥ "z".
General properties.
Data can be found in Osmont et al., Energy and Fuels, Vol. 22, pp. 2241–2257 (2008).
Strain.
In the propellanes with small cycles, such as or , the two carbons at the ends of the axial bond will be highly strained, and their bonds may even assume an inverted tetrahedral geometry.
The resulting steric strain causes such compounds to be unstable and highly reactive. The axial C-C bond is easily broken (even spontaneously) to yield less-strained bicyclic or even monocyclic hydrocarbons.
Surprisingly, the most strained member is far more stable than the other small ring members ([2.1.1, [2.2.2, [3.1.1, and [4.1.1]).
Polymerization.
In principle, any propellane can be polymerized by breaking the axial C-C bond to yield a radical with two active centers, and then joining these radicals in a linear chain. For the propellanes with small cycles (such as [3.2.1, or 1,3-dihydroadamantane), this process is easily achieved, yielding either simple polymers or alternating copolymers. For example, yields spontaneoulsy an interesting rigid polymer called staffane; and [3.2.1propellane combines spontaneously with oxygen at room temperature to give a copolymer where the bridge-opened propellane units [-C8H12-] alternate with [-O-O-] groups.
Synthesis.
The smaller-cycle propellanes are difficult to synthesize because of their strain. Larger membes are more easily obtained. R. Weber and J. Cook described in 1978 a general method which should yield ["n".3.3]propellanes for any "n" greater than 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5980352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980352" title="USS Christiana (YAG-32)">
USS Christiana (YAG-32)

USS "Christiana" (YAG-32), originally given the hull classification symbol IX-80 as an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was a seaplane tender and was the only ship of the United States Navy to be given that name. Her keel was laid down by Johnson Foundry, on New York, New York, in 1892. She served in World War I as "Azalea", former United States Lighthouse Service tender, was taken over by the Navy in August 1942 and commissioned on 9 November 1942 with Lieutenant (junior grade) A. J. De Francis, USNR, in command. She was reclassified YAG-32 on 20 November 1943.
"Christiana" served as a seaplane tender in the British West Indies, providing vital services to the aircraft flying patrols in the Caribbean Sea. She moved from base to base as the focus of antisubmarine activity shifted throughout the area. "Christiana" was decommissioned at Miami, Florida, on 28 July 1945, and transferred to the Maritime Commission on 25 February 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5980360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980360" title="Cross Roads Independent School District">
Cross Roads Independent School District

Cross Roads Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Cross Roads, Texas (USA) that serves students in southwest Henderson County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
Cross Roads ISD started in 1908 as a one-room schoolhouse. The district continued to serve all students in the area until 1953, when a fire destroyed the main building. At that time, the district elected to serve only students through 8th grade, while high school students transferred to schools in either Athens, Cayuga, or Malakoff.
The arrangement continued until 1978-1979, when over this period Cross Roads ISD began to add the high school grades, making the class of 1980 the first to graduate from the district since 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5980361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980361" title="Harry Grant">
Harry Grant

Harold Fletcher Grant (July 10, 1877 – October 8, 1915) was an American auto racing driver.
Biography.
He was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on July 10, 1877. His father was a mining engineer who was killed in a mining accident in Colorado.
Driving an American Locomotive Company automobile, Grant won the Vanderbilt Cup on Long Island in 1909 and 1910. He then competed in the Indianapolis 500 four times between 1911 and 1915. He had his best showing in 1915, finishing in 5th place.
On October 8, 1915, Grant was killed at Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn when his car crashed during a practice run for the Astor Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5980365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980365" title="Regiment de Meuron">
Regiment de Meuron

The Regiment de Meuron was a regiment of infantry originally raised in Switzerland in 1781. The regiment was named for its commander, Colonel Charles-Daniel de Meuron, who was born in Neuchâtel in 1738.
It served the Dutch East India Company in Ceylon and Cape Town. With the British eyes on Ceylon a delegation was sent to see Count de Meuron where a deal was struck to hand over control of the Regiment to the British. The Regiment refused to fight the Dutch, and they greatly reduced the strength of Dutch forces in Ceylon and gave fortification details to the British. They subsequently entered British service, with the understanding that the British would enroll them at the same rate as regular British soldiers and give them the back pay owed by the Dutch East India Co.
By 1798, this had all been straightened out, and the Regiment de Meuron were fully entered into British service. They served in the Mysore Campaign of 1799, the Mediterranean and Peninsula Campaigns of the Napoleonic Wars 1806 to 1812, and finally went to Canada to serve in the War of 1812 and the Red River Colony. Rue des Meurons in the Winnipeg suburb of Saint Boniface is named after the regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="5980374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980374" title="Wayne Boden">
Wayne Boden

Wayne Clifford Boden (c. 1948 – 27 March 2006) was a Canadian serial killer and rapist active between 1969 and 1971. He was raised in Dundas, Ontario, near Hamilton. He earned the nickname "The Vampire Rapist" because he had the penchant of biting the breasts of his victims, a modus operandi that led to his conviction due to forensic odontological evidence. His was the first such conviction in North America, several years before Ted Bundy, another serial killer.
Wayne Boden attended Glendale Secondary School (High School) in Hamilton, Ontario in the early to mid-1960s.
Deaths in Montreal.
Shirley Audette.
On 3 October 1969, Shirley Audette was found dumped at the rear of an apartment complex in downtown Montreal. Although she was fully clothed, she had been raped and strangled, and showed savage bite marks on her breasts. There were no signs of bloody skin under the fingernails of the victim which led one biographer to theorize that she did not struggle against her assailant. The victim's boyfriend had been at work on the night shift. Boden, who lived next door, met her outside the building where she sat when she felt nervous.
One of Audette's former boyfriends told the police that he believed that she got involved with a very dominant, attractive man because she was "getting into something dangerous"; she never mentioned the man's name. Based on this interview, police have surmised that the killer had an attraction for girls who wanted "rough sex."
Marielle Archambault.
On 23 November, a jewelry clerk named Marielle Archambault left work at closing time with a young man whom she introduced as "Bill" to her co-workers, who afterwards remarked that she seemed happy and entranced by the man. 
When she did not report for work the following morning, Archambault's employer went to check on her in her apartment to see if she was ill. Together with her landlady, they discovered her fully clad body on the couch. The room was tidy. The killer had ripped her pantyhose and bra, raped her and left his telltale teeth marks on her breasts.
The police were able to find a crumpled photograph amid the wreckage of Archambaut's apartment, which was readily identified as the mysterious "Bill" by her co-workers. However, despite this apparent break, the police were not successful in connecting the photograph to any known suspect, even through a police sketch based on the picture was distributed for publication in the newspapers. The photo was not of the right person. It was the victim's dead father.
Jean Way.
"Bill" waited two months before he struck again. On 16 January 1970, Brian Caulfield, the boyfriend of Jean Way, 24, came to pick her up for a scheduled date at her apartment on Lincoln Street in downtown Montreal. When she did not answer the door, he decided to come back a little later. Upon returning, he found the door unlocked and found her naked body on the bed. Her breasts were unmolested. It seemed that the killer had been in the apartment when Way's boyfriend was knocking at the door earlier that evening. An autopsy conducted by Dr. Jean-Paul Valcourt found two small fibers under the fingernails of her left hand, indicating thatcontrary to legendthe victim had indeed struggled against her assailant. (Rapport Medico-Legal from the Institut de Médecine Legal et de la police scientifique 20 January 1970, page 4).
The resulting publicity from the murders put the city under a grip of fear. But it turned out that Jean Way's murder was the last in that city, as "Bill" had disappeared, only to turn up in another city 2500 miles to the west more than a year later.
Boden's last victim and arrest.
Elizabeth Anne Porteous.
In the city of Calgary, a 33-year-old high school teacher named Elizabeth Anne Porteous did not report to work on the morning of 18 May 1971. Her apartment manager was called, and found her body on the bedroom floor. As with Marielle Archambault, her apartment showed considerable signs of a struggle. Raped and strangled, her breasts were likewise mutilated with bite marks. Amid the wreckage, however, the police recovered a broken cufflink under the victim's body.
In their investigation of the murder, the police were able to find out from two of her colleagues that she was seen at a stoplight riding in a blue Mercedes on the night she died; the car was reported as having a distinctive advertising bull-shaped decal in the rear window. A friend of the victim also informed police that she had been recently dating a man named "Bill", described as a "flashy" dresser with neat, short hair. Clearly, there was a link between Elizabeth Porteous' death and the murders in Montreal.
The following day, on 19 May, the blue Mercedes was spotted by patrolmen, parked near the murder scene. Boden, a former fashion model, was arrested half an hour later as he went to his car. He told the police that he moved from Montreal a year previous and admitted that he had been dating Porteous and was with her on the night of the murder. When the broken cufflink was presented to him, he admitted its ownership. However, he insisted that Porteous was fine when he left her that night. 
The police in Calgary were in possession of a copy of the photograph recovered from Archambaut's apartment and, as Boden resembled the man in the picture, they held him for suspicion in murdering Porteous. They then turned their attention to the marks on the victim's breasts.
Bite-mark evidence.
The police turned to a local orthodontist, Gordon Swann, to prove that the marks on Porteous' breasts and neck were Boden's bite marks, with the intent to verify them as having been left by Boden. As there was nothing in Canadian forensic literature on bite mark evidence, Swann wrote to the FBI, hoping for any information on the matter. What he got in reply was a letter from then-director J. Edgar Hoover, who directed him to England, where he met a man who had dealt with 20 or 30 cases.
Eventually Swann was able to get the information he needed and based on a cast made of Boden's teeth he demonstrated 29 points of similarity between the bite marks in Elizabeth Porteous' body and Boden's teeth. This evidence was sufficient for the jury of Boden's trial to find him guilty of murder for which he was subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment.
Conviction, imprisonment, and death.
Boden returned to Montreal to face trial, where he confessed to three of the related murders, but denied involvement in the death of Norma Vaillancourt, a 21-year-old student killed on 23 July 1968. Boden had been suspected in that homicide as well, but, in 1994, Raymond Sauve was convicted of the crime and sentenced to ten years in prison.
Boden was sentenced to three additional life terms and he was sent to the Kingston Penitentiary, where he began serving his sentence on 16 February 1972.
In 1977, with Boden five years into his life sentence, American Express granted him a credit card, which he used while out on a day pass from Laval prison. He escaped and was recaptured 36 hours later while eating lunch in a restaurant in the Mount Royal Hotel in downtown Montreal. Three prison guards were disciplined and American Express conducted an internal investigation to find out how a prisoner serving a life sentence for murder managed to get a credit card.
Boden died from skin cancer at Kingston General Hospital on 27 March 2006 after being confined in the hospital for six weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="5980377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980377" title="North Carolina Highway 345">
North Carolina Highway 345

North Carolina Highway 345 (NC 345) is a primary state highway in the state of North Carolina. The highway serves to connect the town of Manteo with the community of Wanchese on the southern end of Roanoke Island. 
Route description.
NC 345 is a two-lane road that begins at the intersection of Thicket Lump Drive/The Lane and goes north alongside Mill Landing Creek then goes northwest to travel in the center of Roanoke Island. After north, it ends at the US 64/US 64 Bypass interchange.
History.
NC 345 was an original state highway, which traversed from Wanchese to Manteo and possibly to the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site (confirmed by 1924).
Around 1950, US 64/US 264 was routed onto Roanoke Island (ferry from Manns Harbor and bridge to Nags Head) with both sharing concurrency with NC 345 through Manteo. In 1965, NC 345 was reduced by at the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site. In 1967, US 64/US 264 replaced NC 345 through Manteo, pushing its northern terminus to its current location. Also same year, NC 345 was rerouted in Wanchese, from going west to the Croatan Sound to east along the Mill Landing Creek area (originally NC 345A), ending at Thicket Lump Drive (SR 1141); its old alignment became Old Wharf Road (SR 1168).
Bannered routes.
Wanchese alternate spur.
North Carolina Highway 345A (NC 345A) was established in 1929 as an alternate spur from NC 345 to the Mill Landing Creek area. Sometime between 1958-1962, the route was decommissioned, becoming Mill Landing Road (SR 1141). In 1963, this former route became part of mainline NC 345.
Manteo east spur.
North Carolina Highway 345E (NC 345E) was established between 1931-1936 as an eastern spur from NC 345 into downtown Manteo. It is unknown if the route was actually signed during its time, but it appeared in Dare County Maps up through 1957. Sometime between 1958-1962, the route was decommissioned, becoming Highway Street and later Budleigh Street (SR 1150).

</doc>
<doc id="5980380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980380" title="USS El Cano (IX-79)">
USS El Cano (IX-79)

USS "El Cano" (IX-79), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for "Elcano" (PG-38). A schooner, she was acquired on 8 August 1942 as "Pioneer", renamed "El Cano" on 17 August 1942, and served in a noncommissioned status in the 11th Naval District during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5980397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980397" title="Cross Roads, Henderson County, Texas">
Cross Roads, Henderson County, Texas

Cross Roads is an unincorporated community in southwestern Henderson County, Texas, United States.
Cross Roads is at the junction of Farm roads 59 and 3441 in southwestern Henderson County. The town was founded in 1846 by the Reverend Hezekiah Mitcham and his wife Mary Clarke Mitcham who had come from Marengo Co. Alabama according that county's 1830 Census. The earliest settlement was called Science Hill. In 1885 the Wildcat post office was opened at the site with George B. Thompson as postmaster. By 1892 the community had three cotton gins, a general store, and several other establishments, but the Wildcat post office closed in 1905. The community was also referred to as Thompson's Mill because of a water-powered mill built in 1871 by D. M. Thompson on Wildcat Creek. Cross Roads, as a named community, traces its origins to the early 1890s. A brush-arbor camp meeting of Baptists was held at the point where the road from Athens to Wildcat Ferry and the road from Malakoff to Palestine crossed, and gave the location the name "Cross Roads." The first permanent building in the area was a church, which was erected after the Union-Center school moved from Thompson's Mill to the Cross Roads location. In 1908 a one-room school was erected; it was taught by Sam Holland, who later became district judge of Henderson County. In the early part of the twentieth century numerous gins, gristmills, and other businesses supportive of an agricultural community thrived at Cross Roads. There was a post office there until World War I, and a courthouse was built to house the justice of the peace court.
In the mid-1920s, as a result of the merger of various smaller schools in the area, the Cross Roads Consolidated School was established. From the 1920s through the end of World War II the school was expanded and upgraded. The Work Projects Administration made several improvements to the school facility, and in the late 1940s the Cross Roads Independent School District was formed as the consolidation of eight common school districts in the general vicinity. After a disastrous fire in 1953 much of the school plant was rebuilt, except for the high school which was closed and students sent to nearby districts for high school education. In the late 1970's the district began adding high school grades, culminating in 1980 with the district's first high school graduating class since 1953.
Cotton and ranching were the most important agricultural activities in the district, particularly in the Trinity River bottom, but other areas produced various truck crops and fruit. Discoveries of oil and gas in the 1940s and 1950s contributed to a brief resurgence. A population of 135 was reported in 1988, 1990, and 2000.
References.
Henderson County Historical Commission, Family Histories of Henderson County, Texas, 1846–1981 (Dallas: Taylor, 1981). Donna Paxton Holmes, Cross Roads School and Community (Austin: Nortex, 1986). Michael J. Vaughn, The History of Cayuga and Cross Roads (Waco: Texian Press, 1967).
http://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/hlc60

</doc>
<doc id="5980400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980400" title="New Caledonian Football Federation">
New Caledonian Football Federation

The New Caledonian Football Federation () is the governing body of football in New Caledonia.

</doc>
<doc id="5980409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980409" title="USS Brave (IX-78)">
USS Brave (IX-78)

USS "Brave" (IX-78), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was one of two ships of the United States Navy named for the quality of bravery. IX-78 served simultaneously with YP-425.
IX-78 was acquired by the Navy 10 August 1942 as "A. Maitland Adams". She was placed in service 10 December 1942 and ordered to Key West, Florida, where she served as a training vessel for the Fleet Sound School throughout her career. She was placed in commission on 23 January 1943. The vessel was placed out of commission on 14 December 1944 at the Naval Operating Base, Key West.
"Brave" was transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal 19 September 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5980424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980424" title="Slocum, Texas">
Slocum, Texas

Slocum is an unincorporated community in southeast Anderson County, Texas, in the United States. It has a population of approximately 250.
Schools.
The Slocum Independent School District serves area students who attend Slocum High School and Slocum Elementary School.
Fire Department.
Slocum, Texas has one volunteer fire department. The VFD holds an annual BBQ and school reunion to raise money to provide for the needs of the fire department. Slocum Fire Department
Post Offices.
There is no post office in Slocum. The nearest post office is in Elkhart Post Office, 100 Sheridan Street, Elkhart, Texas 75839-9998 located 7 miles from Slocum.
1910 Massacre of Black Residents, "The Slocum Massacre".
In late July 1910, between 14 and 25 people were murdered by a large mob. The victims were all African-American; the mob of 200 to 300 people was all white. Before the massacre, the majority of Slocum's several hundred residents were black; afterward, many black residents of Slocum fled the town, losing real estate, homes, and other assets that they had to leave behind.
Several events may have sparked the attacks. After a black person was lynched nearby, rumors spread among whites that blacks were planning revenge. Also, a scuffle broke out over a business disagreement between a white and black resident, and many accounts say a man named James Spurger instigated events by claiming he was threatened by blacks.
Once the attacks began, Anderson County Sheriff W. H. Black reported, "Men were going about killing Negroes as fast as they could find them, and, so far as I was able to ascertain, without any real cause". All known victims were unarmed and most were shot in the back; no whites were injured.
Spurger, Reagon McKenzie, S.F. Jennings, and at least 13 other white men were arrested for the attacks, but none were ever tried.

</doc>
<doc id="5980433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980433" title="Andy Williams (footballer born 1986)">
Andy Williams (footballer born 1986)

Andrew David "Andy" Williams (born 14 August 1986 in Hereford, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for Championship side Yeovil Town on loan from Swindon Town, he plays as either a forward or a winger.
Club career.
Hereford United.
Williams was born in Hereford and attended the nearby football academy at Holme Lacy, playing for the Hereford United youth team. He also gained experience by attending football academies at Aston Villa and Birmingham City.
Williams made his debut for the Hereford United first team in the 2003–04 season, coming on as a substitute in the Herefordshire Senior Cup final against Forest Green. The following season he featured regularly on the bench and made three league appearances as a substitute. He also started the two GLS Conference Cup games against Burton and Northwich.
2005–06 was his breakthrough season. His appearances for the first team were initially from the bench but he was given his first start in the league against Woking, scoring the opening goal. He progressed rapidly and went on to become the club's top scorer for the season, scoring 13 goals from 45 appearances in all competitions. Most notably he scored two vital goals in the playoff semi-final against Morecambe, and in the final itself against Halifax. He signed a new contract with the club in March 2006.
His first season in the Football League saw him played out of position on the right wing for the majority of the season resulting in 48 first team appearance, with only Rob Purdie and Alan Connell making more appearances. Williams' eight goals also made him third highest goalscorer, and he was awarded the Away Goal of the Season for his goal against Bury.
Williams was the subject of two transfer bids from Bristol Rovers during the course of the season. At the end of August a £100,000 bid was rejected by Hereford, but at the end of January a £150,000 bid was accepted. However Williams turned down a move to the Gasheads, having already stated he was happy at Hereford and was not interested in moving to a club in the same division. When Bristol Rovers gained promotion to League One, speculation intensified that he would make the move, and on 5 July 2007 the transfer was finally confirmed.
Bristol Rovers.
Williams made his debut for Bristol Rovers on 11 August 2007, scoring four minutes after appearing as a substitute for Rickie Lambert.
On 1 September 2008, Williams rejoined former club Hereford United on loan until 5 January 2009. An injury hampered his return to Edgar Street but he scored his first goal in the win over Carlisle United on 21 October. On expiry of his loan he returned to Bristol Rovers, but just 24 hours later he was loaned back to Hereford for the remainder of the season.
He was placed on the transfer list at the end of the 2008–09 season, but after some competitive performances from the bench he was removed from the list early on during the start of the 2009–10 season. On 29 September 2009, in an away 3–2 victory against Southampton, he scored a left-footed shot from the edge of the area, this goal was later nominated for Goal of the Year 2009.
Yeovil Town.
In May 2010, Williams rejected a new deal with Bristol Rovers and signed a two-year contract with fellow League One side and local rivals Yeovil Town, he linked up with them on 1 July 2010. On 7 August 2010, Williams made his debut for Yeovil against Leyton Orient, and scored his first goal for the club against Rushden & Diamonds in the FA Cup, and scored his first league goal in a 3–1 defeat against Dagenham & Redbridge the following week. Williams first season with Yeovil saw him score eight goals in 39 matches mostly operating from the wing.
He started the new season well with a goal in a 3–1 win at home to Oldham Athletic before being out injured for over a month. However, once he had returned from injury he scored again, this time in a 3–0 win away at Hereford United in the FA Cup. Williams ended the campaign as Yeovil's top scorer with 17 goals in all competitions but rejected a new contract to remain at the club.
Swindon Town.
Having rejected Yeovil's offer of a new contract, on 18 June 2012, it was confirmed Williams had signed for newly promoted League One side Swindon Town on a two-year contract.
Return To Yeovil.
On 23 August 2013, Williams rejoined Yeovil Town on a season long loan deal, only 14 months after previously leaving for Swindon Town. Williams made his second debut for Yeovil as a second half substitute against Derby County, on 24 August 2013. Williams made a total of nine appearances without scoring before picking up serious cruciate injury in training ruling him out for the rest of the season. Despite being ruled out with injury for the rest of the season, due to the loan agreement with Swindon Town Williams remained officially on loan at Yeovil for the remainder of the season, with Yeovil still having to pay a portion of his wages.

</doc>
<doc id="5980439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980439" title="Neches, Texas">
Neches, Texas

Neches is an unincorporated community in east central Anderson County, in the U.S. state of Texas. It has a population of approximately 175.
Education.
The Neches Independent School District serves area students and is home to the Neches High School Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="5980441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980441" title="What You Give Is What You Get">
What You Give Is What You Get

"What You Give Is What You Get" is a song by American heavy metal band Ratt. It was released as the third and final single from the group's 1985 studio album "Invasion of Your Privacy". The track was written by bassist Juan Croucier.
Track listing.
Japan
<br>1.What You Give Is What You Get
<br>2.Between The Eyes
US (promo)
<br>1.What You Give Is What You Get (edit)
<br>2.What You Give Is What You Get (LP version)

</doc>
<doc id="5980464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980464" title="LaRue, Texas">
LaRue, Texas

LaRue is an unincorporated community located in Henderson County, Texas, United States. At the time of the 2000 census the population was estimated at 160.
The La Poynor Independent School District serves area students.
LaRue was the host of the 2011 Barefoot Economic Summit.

</doc>
<doc id="5980475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980475" title="Claire Voisin">
Claire Voisin

Claire Voisin (born 4 March 1962) is a French professor of mathematics and was director of research at the Institut de mathématiques de Jussieu at the for several years. On October 15, 2012, École Polytechnique announced that it "celebrates its recruitment of Claire Voisin" to a part-time Professorship. She is married to Jean-Michel Coron, who was also a plenary speaker at the 2010 International Congress of Mathematicians. They have five children.
Work.
She is noted for her work in algebraic geometry particularly as it pertains to variational Hodge structures and mirror symmetry, and has written several books on Hodge theory. A reviewer from the American Mathematical Society wrote that "the task of reviewing Claire Voisin’s two-volume work Hodge Theory and Complex Algebraic Geometry is a daunting one, given the scope of the subject matter treated, namely, a rather complete tour of the subject from the beginning to the present, and given the break-neck pace of Voisin’s clear, complete, but “take no prisoners” exposition." The Hodge conjecture is one of the seven Clay Mathematics Institute Millennium Prize Problems which were selected in 2000, each having a prize of a million dollars to the person that solves one of these problems. In 2002 Voisin proved that the Hodge conjecture on a compact Kähler variety is false. Her work on the subject "has rapidly become a reference."
Voisin won the European Mathematical Society Prize in 1992, and the Servant Prize awarded by the Academy of Sciences in 1996. She received the Sophie Germain Prize in 2003 and the Clay Research Award in 2008 for her disproof of the Kodaira conjecture, another problem in complex algebraic geometry. In 2007 she was awarded the Ruth Lyttle Satter Prize in Mathematics for her solutions of two long standing mathematical problems, "the Kodaira problem (On the homotopy types of compact Kähler and complex projective manifolds), and Green's conjecture (Green's canonical syzygy conjecture for generic curves of odd genus), and Green's generic syzygy conjecture for curves of even genus lying on a K3 surface". Green's conjecture attracted a huge amount of effort by algebraic geometers over twenty years before finally being settled by Voisin.
She was invited at the 1994 International Congress of Mathematicians (Zurich) in the section 'Algebraic Geometry', and she was also invited as a plenary speaker at the 2010 International Congress of Mathematicians, Hyderabad, India. She is a member of the Selection Committee for Mathematics for judging of the Shaw Prize, and recently a Visiting Fellow of the Moduli Spaces program which is organised by Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences. She is also a member of the national mathematical institutes of France, Germany, the USA and Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5980476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980476" title="Wortham Independent School District">
Wortham Independent School District

Wortham Independent School District is a public school district based in Wortham, Texas (USA).
In addition to Wortham, the district serves students in the town of Kirvin and rural areas of western Freestone County. The district extends into southern Navarro County and a small portion of northern Limestone County.
Wortham ISD has three campuses - 
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
School History.
The town of Wortham, first known as Longbotham, was established by a Mexican Colonization land grant on July 24, 1835. (History of Freestone County Texas. By Freestone County Historical Commission, Volume 1, p. 209) 
The Methodist and Masonic lodge built a two story frame building that served the community for church services and Masonic meetings. It was believed by this organization that both boys and girls should be educated. As early as 1870, the Masons opened their building and established the first private school in Wortham. There is no record, but several people have reported that this building was located in the vicinity of 5th Street and Longbotham. The Masons maintained the school and provided textbooks and supplies. Ministers were used as teachers. 
The first public school in Wortham was organized in 1883 in a boxed building 25 by 30 feet in size, located where the middle school now stands. (Ibid. p. 209) Thomas Longbotham, Jack Berry, and Dick Knight were the trustees. The first teachers were Professor Miller and Mrs. Thyrsia Barrison who later became Mrs. George Bounds. The ABC's, McGuffey's Reader, Davie's Arithmetic, the Blue Back Speller and writing were taught to pupils of all ages, who were in classed according to their reading abilities. In this two-teacher school, the boys sat on one side of the room and the girls sat on the other. It was also noted that the recesses were arranged for the boys to play on one side of the yard and the girls to play on the other side. 
Mr. A. N. Weaver attended this school from 1883-1885. Mr. Weaver recalled his professor at the time being Professor Miller. Professor Miller was a strong disciplinarian who believed in whipping his pupils. It was because of this discipline that a second school was established. Several of the pioneer families organized, built a one-room building, purchased supplies, hired Miss Sallie Booth from Sam Houston State Teachers College for thirty dollars a month and sent their children to this private school. (Ibid. p. 210). Approximately thirty students, mostly girls, of all ages attended this school because the parents didn't want their children whipped. This private school is believed to have been located on the east side of the railroad track, which lasted for only five years. 
Professor William Kirvin followed Professor Miller in 1885 and served as principal until 1890. Under the supervision of Professor Kirvin in 1891, Wortham formed the first independent school district in Freestone County. (Ibid. p. 210) 
The first college graduate to teach in Wortham was Professor L. F. Cooper, who came to the school in 1890. He added Latin, algebra and geometry to the curriculum. In 1890, the school building was replaced by a two story frame building, which stood where the present kindergarten and first grade building is located. Fire destroyed this building in 1902, and a two story brick building was erected on the same location. A bell tower was built on top of the building to ring in the start of each new day. 
In 1904-1905, there was an enrollment of 339 children. The tax rate was fifty cents per $100, and the school property was valued at $10,825. 
A gradual increase in scholastics was noted from 1905 to 1911, and by 1913 Wortham was the first school in Freestone County to be granted affiliation with the State University. 
By 1918, C. V. Reed was superintendent of the school, which employed eight teachers. The school district, with an enrollment of 385 children in eleven grades, offered four years of accredited high school work. 
By 1922, the student body had outgrown the two story brick building. A new high school building was erected south of the old building. Trustees at this time were T. B. Poindexter, President; W. J Bryant, Secretary; Henry Meador, Will Calame, J. F. Wallis, John P. Stubbs and T. O. Sims. The new three story brick building costing $50,000 was for grades nine through twelve. The top floor consisted of an elaborate, fan-shaped auditorium with a wooden floor sloping to the edge of the stage. There were only two small classrooms located on the third floor. 
The discovery of oil around Wortham in 1924 brought money and pupils into the school over the Thanksgiving holiday. On Thanksgiving Day 1924, the Simmons Wild Cat Oil Well came in. The town of 1,000 became a town of 20,000 people almost over night. With each family, came numerous children until the classrooms were suddenly running over. Mrs. Angie Williams, teacher of third grade at that time, recalls the following experience: On Wednesday afternoon, November 23, 1924, at 4 oâclock, school was dismissed for the Thanksgiving holidays. The third grade consisted of 18 (eighteen) pupils ranging in ages from 9 to 10 years. On Thursday afternoon, the Simmonsâs well blew in making several thousand barrels of oil daily. Families began flocking into Wortham. By Monday morning the peaceful little town was seething with excitement; the children came from every direction to enroll in school. By 10:30 oâclock that morning, the teacher had enrolled 66 children in the third grade, making her a class of 84 in all. (Ibd. p. 211) They ranged from 8 to 14 years of age and came from public and parochial schools in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and New Mexico. Classrooms had desks to accommodate 24 children; so, after sitting them two to the desk and three if the children were small, wooden crates from the downtown merchants were lined up around the walls for the others. Due to lack of text books, most of the work had to be written on the board. What was true of the third grade was also in the other grades with exception of high school. Fewer high school children were enrolled. 
Uel L. Davis, Jr., a first grade student at the time of the oil boom, recalled that he and several of the students who lived on the east side of town, continued their year of education in the home of Mrs. Ada Peurifoy. With the number of people and the types of people that had infiltrated the small town of Wortham, their parents did not feel it was safe for the children to cross through town to the public school. (Past Interview) 
By 1926, there were twenty-three teachers and 600 students in the school. With twenty-seven affiliated units of instruction offered, the school was placed on the southern accrediting list of high schools. 
During the 1920s and 1930s, the Wortham Independent Colored School was very progressive. Myrtle Randle Fowlks researched and found that in the year 1932, Mr. F. W. Wheeler became the principal and agriculture teacher. Mr. Wheeler, principal, developed a strong industrial program along with the basic curriculum. It was under his administration that the school became Tuskegee of the West Training School, named after the Tuskegee Institute founded by Booker T. Washington in Georgia. The Wortham school had a farm where the students participated in growing fruits and vegetables. This produce was sold fresh or canned in the school's cannery. One of the products grown on this farm was broom corn. The school had a broom factory where they made brooms. There was also a printing shop where the basics of printing could be learned and job printing could be done for the public. His efforts brought state-wide publicity to the school. February 27, 1933, F. W. Wheeler resigned (Wortham ISD Board minutes. February 27, 1933) and A. E. Alton became principal and agriculture teacher. Under the administration of Mr. Alton, the name of the school changed back to Wortham Colored School. During the administration of Mr. M. W. Evans, 1940–49, the school became known for its interscholastic abilities in the county, region and state. The school had outgrown the old facilities and the school board decided a new building was very much needed. In 1957, the new building was opened and named F. W. Wheeler in this memory. Afro-American students continued their education there until 1966 when integration brought the students from the F. W. Wheeler School to join the students at Wortham Schools. (Once Is Not Enough, by F. W. Wheeler Ex-Student Association, pg.3) (Freestone County Deed Records). 
In keeping with the state policy of annexation and consolidation, New Hope and McLeod School Districts were added to the Wortham School District after 1927. Students from Rushing and Mt. Nebo schools who chose, were allowed to attend the Wortham Schools beginning the 1936 school year. (Wortham ISD Board minutes, July 13, 1936) By 1948, both schools had fully consolidated. Tehuancana Valley and Currie schools were added in 1939. About this same time, Harmony Hill also joined the Wortham schools. In 1941, Shanks School consolidated with Kirvin, and in 1949, Kirvin Schools consolidated with Wortham, giving a total of in the district. (Freestone County Deed Records.) The late 1960âs drew a close to Richland ISD. They were drawn into the Corsciana ISD; however, because of the location, Wortham ISD stated they would not run buses to the Richland community, but would accept any student without charge. (Wortham ISD School Board minutes, Sept. 18, 1963.) 
Clara Lucas Benton, 1938 graduate of Currie, stated that in 1927 a white duplex home was brought into town and served as the first grade building. This building was located on the west side of the elementary school. The first grade teachers at that time were Mrs. T. E. Longbotham and Mrs. Elizabeth Randolf Croucen. Second grade class was located on the second story of the elementary building and the third grade was downstairs. Mrs. Benton recalls sliding down the huge curving slide leading from the second story of the elementary building to the ground during fire drills. 
On August 1, 1939, citizens of the Wortham Independent School District voted a $6,500 bond to build a gymnasium. In 1940, the football stadium was also erected at the cost of $9,000. Native sandstone from the hills of Tehuacana, Texas, was used for both projects. Government assistance through the Public Works Administration made both these projects possible. Around 1946 there was a need for a lunchroom. A kitchen was located in the lower northwest corner of the gymnasium. (1948 The Bark, pg. 56.); The children entered the gymnasium from the south entrance and were given their lunch through serving windows. Each morning Mr. Quince Cox, custodian, set up tables and chairs on the gym floor for the students and the faculty to eat lunch. The high school study hall students hurriedly completed their assignments in order to volunteer to help Mr. Quince. At the end of lunch, the same students would help Mr. Quince take down the tables and chairs. Mr. Quince would mop the floor and have the gymnasium ready for the 2:30 p.m. high school physical education class. 
In 1949, a $40,000 bond was voted to make repairs to both of the school buildings. This proved to be a temporary measure because in 1955, the corner of the high school building cracked, plaster fell and the building was condemned. The students in this building completed their year of education in the Methodist Church and locations around campus. Mattie Deck Stubbs was present in the library when the plaster fell. She recalls Mrs. Nell Jolly completed teaching the year of homemaking in the concession stand of the gym, Mrs. Sadie Stubbs taught English in the bus barn, and Joe Stooksberry taught history in the boys' dressing room in the gym. The year of 1957, the citizens voted an additional $175,000 school bond. With this issue, both of the old buildings were to undergo a drastic change. The upper story of the high school building was removed. The architects dug under the building, raised the corner with jacks and poured cement in the hole with jacks in place. At this time a complete remodeling and modernization was undertaken. A new and modern one story grade school building was erected between the two older buildings. The amount of $16, 059 was used to renovate the old grammar school building by removing the top story and converting the remaining floor into a modern cafetorium. (WISD Board minutes, June 17, 1958) At this time, the school bell was removed from the tower and placed in front of the elementary as an Ex-Student Memorial. 
Increases in student activities and the continued success of the drama department, led to the need for a larger assembly area. In 1974, Wortham ISD accepted a $62, 486.00 bid from Wortham Building and Supply Company. Using local funds, a new auditorium was built for student use. (Wortham ISD Board minutes, April 15, 1974) 
WISD has continued to grow and build. In order to meet needs, a bond election was held for a new high school building and, on November 23, 1985, passed 211 for and 198 against. A bid was accepted from S.C. Maxwell Co. for $624,840.00. The new high school building was completed in 1986 on the west side of the elementary building. 
Modernization was desperately needed for the cafetorium. In 1989, Wortham ISD School Board Members voted to use $297,089.04 of local funds to build a new cafeteria and remodel the cafetorium to be used as a kindergarten / first grade building. The bid from DSA Construction Mgr. was accepted and construction began. (Wortham ISD Board minutes, May 25, 1989.) The cafeteria is being used to feed the students from kindergarten through high school. 
The students of WISD were continuing to play competitive sports in the 1940 gymnasium. Universal Interscholastic League had noted on several occasions the floor was not regulation size. WISD began saving funds in order to build a new facility. Once again, using $462,731.76 of local funds and the DSA Construction Mgr., construction began on the west end of the cafeteria. (Wortham ISD Board minutes, November 16, 1993.) The new gymnasium was completed in 1994. The original building is presently being used for P.E. classes, Little Dribbler basketball games and Wortham Ex-Student activities. 
In the fall of 1995, a bond was passed to build a middle school wing which is located on the south end of the high school building and a new kindergarten and first grade building. Wortham highschool is now building a new highschool and will be finished by the end of 2012 school year 
The community and school strive to provide quality education as they continue to prepare Wortham students to be productive, successful citizens. 
Superintendents of Wortham High School
1834 = Robert Longbotham
1883 = Professor Miller, Principal
1885-1890 = Professor Kirvin, Principal
1918-1929 = C. V. Reed
1929-1934 = L. A. Roberts
1934-1935 = L. D. Williams
1935-1937 = W. D. Murphy
1938-1941 = John A. Freeman
1941-1945 = C. G. Masterson
1945-1949 = J. Mil Auld
1949-1951 = L. B. T. Sikes
1951-1952 = T. F. Cloud
1952-1955 = Clayton Oakes
1955-1956 = George E. Moore
1957-1963 = James E. Robertson
1963-1966 = Eldon Edge
1966-1969 = J. W. Gibson
1969-1980 = Wayne Poe
1980-1986 = C. T. Griffin
1986-1989 = Randy Butler
1989-1992 = Sandra Lowery
1992-1993 = Albert Thompson
1993-1997 = Edward Donahue
1997-2000 = Rick Larkin
2000-2005 = Jack Thomason
2005–2011 = Albert Armer 
2011–present =Dr. Bruce Tabor

</doc>
<doc id="5980485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980485" title="Polish Wedding">
Polish Wedding

Polish Wedding is a 1998 comedy/drama film written and directed by Theresa Connelly. 
It was screened at the Sundance Film Festival on January 16, 1998 and at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 12. It was released in the US on July 17 of the same year.
This was Kristen Bell's first film, though she was uncredited.
As implied by the name, the film's plot takes place within the Polish American community of Hamtramck, Michigan – girlhood home of director Theresa Connelly – at some time between the 1950s and 1970s. Virtually all characters are Polish Americans, though the actors playing them are mostly of other ethnic origins.
Plot.
Jadzia is the matriarch of a family of five children, four sons and a daughter. The household also includes the eldest son's wife—a Syrian-American whom Jadzia calls a Gypsy and who also works with Jadzia—and their child. Jadzia is (somewhat) happily married to Bolek, but is having a long-term relationship with Roman. Her daughter Hala becomes pregnant by a neighborhood cop and her family pressures him to marry her.
Interior shots of the home were shot in a home on Wyandotte Street in Hamtramck. The St. Florian Church (Hamtramck, Michigan) was used as a backdrop.
Accuracies.
Members of the Polish American community have pointed out that the movie presents correct aspects of Polish culture. Connelly has in the course of her life also used the name "Theresa Panek," which more clearly indicates her Polish origins.
DVD.
The region 1 DVD was released March 16, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5980496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980496" title="DayJet">
DayJet

DayJet was an American commercial aviation operation that provided on-demand jet travel using Eclipse 500 very light jets. The company began operations in Florida in October 2007 and suspended operations on September 19, 2008. Its headquarters were in Delray Beach, Florida.
DayJet had 239 orders for the Eclipse 500, and was expected to place 70 more by 2010. The first delivery of three Eclipse 500 aircraft took place on March 31, 2007.
May 2008 financial problems.
On 6 May 2008 DayJet announced a scaling back of its operations and the laying off of 100–160 employees in all segments of the company. The company also sold or leased out 16 of the 28 Eclipse 500s it owned.
DayJet founder and CEO Ed Iacobucci indicated that the company needed an investment of US$40M at that time to reach profitability, but that the economic climate did not permit the company to raise that amount. Iacobucci stated that the company had proven that the per seat time sensitive pricing air taxi operational concept is sound, but that the carrier's fleet needed to be quickly expanded to fifty aircraft to reach profitability.
Despite cutting its fleet, the air carrier announced on 21 May 2008 that they were expanding their service by making two more destinations in Florida, Jacksonville and Sarasota, into hub airports DayJet designates as "DayPorts". In July 2008 both Saint Petersburg/Clearwater and Orlando, Florida were added as hub DayPorts.
DayJet was Eclipse Aviation's largest customer with a planned eventual delivery of 1,400 aircraft representing a majority of the estimated 2,500 Eclipse 500s on order.
September 2008 suspension of operations.
The company announced the following news on 19 September 2008:
DayJet Services, LLC, the world’s first operator of “Per-Seat, On-Demand” jet service, today announced that it has ceased jet services, pending further notice. The company today eliminated most employee positions. With the discontinuation of jet services and cancellation of all flights, DayJet is unable to honor any customer reservations. 
The company indicated that given the current economic climate in the USA it is unlikely that flying operations will be resumed.
The company also announced a change in management on 19 September 2008, stating:
Iacobucci has stepped down as DayJet President and CEO but continues to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors. John Staten has been named interim CEO with responsibility for managing the affairs of the company during the next phase of operations. Staten has served as DayJet CFO and Senior Vice President of Operations for the past six years. 
In November 2008, Iacobucci indicated that he was still attempting to raise capital to restart the company and that it would be a smaller, scaled back operation. He also stated at that time that there were a number of problems that caused the company to cease operations, but that the key issue was the credit crisis.
In analyzing DayJet's situation Iacobucci said that problems with Eclipse had contributed, but that the Eclipse 500 was the best choice for DayJet when it was starting up due to its purchase price and projected maintenance costs. Using the Eclipse 500 also permitted DayJet to start with a single aircraft type for the whole fleet. Iacobucci indicated in November 2008 that he was still pursuing investors, but would not be committing more of his own money, having already invested US$20 million.
Iacobucci did not place blame for the company's problems on the choice of the Eclipse 500, saying, "It’s not the flippin’ airplane".
Sale of DayJet fleet.
Eclipse Aviation announced in October 2008 that they were acting as "the exclusive broker" for the sale of the existing 28 DayJet aircraft.
Canadian light aircraft fractional aircraft company OurPlane bid on the entire DayJet fleet of aircraft, offering more than "$500,000 each but less than $1.5 million" each. OurPlane operated a fleet of Cirrus SR22 aircraft and one current Eclipse 500 until its bankruptcy in October 2010. OurPlane had planned to offer its customers one-quarter shares in the Eclipse 500s for less than US$449,000.
OurPlane did not complete the purchase of the DayJet fleet and the aircraft became the property of Eclipse Aerospace, the new company that purchased the assets of Eclipse Aviation from Chapter 7 bankruptcy in August 2009. Eclipse Aerospace indicated that they intend to upgrade and sell the aircraft.
DayJet Technologies.
At the time of DayJet's bankruptcy, a group of investors took control of DayJet Technologies, the technology subsidiary, and are operating it as a private technology company.

</doc>
<doc id="5980499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980499" title="Bay d'Espoir">
Bay d'Espoir

Bay d'Espoir is the inner reaches of a large glacial carved fjord on the South Coast of Newfoundland.
It appears in printed form with many different spellings, some of which are: Bay D' Espoir/e, Bay Despair, Bay Despoir/e, Baie D' Espoir/e, Baie Despair and Baie Despoir/e.
Communities in Bay d'Espoir are: Head of Bay d'Espoir, Milltown, Morrisville, St. Alban's (formerly Ship Cove), St. Joseph's Cove and St. Veronica's. 
It is sometimes claimed that the name Bay Despair represents an English corruption of the French name Baie d'Espoir. However, the inverse may be true. The French cartographer Bellin, on his 1743 map "Carte de l'Isle de Terre-Neuve" has "Baye du Desespoir" (sic). It would appear therefore that the actual sequence may have been from "Baie du Désespoir" to the English literal translation "Bay Despair", which appears as early as 1733 on a Henry Popple map, and then to a French corruption of this, namely "Baie d'Espoir"! 
Contrary to the above evidence, the English name "Bay of Despair" can be found on a detailed coastline map of the south coast of Newfoundland which was hand-drawn by the world renowned Captain James Cook (an enlarged version of the original map can currently be found on display in Bay d'Espoir). This map was made shortly after land agreements had been reached between the French and English during the mid to late 16th century. The English had acquired considerable French territory in close proximity to rich fishing grounds but with little of the coastline being well charted. Captain James Cook was hired by the English authorities to provide them with accurate, detailed maps of the coast so that they might better defend it, should the French try to reclaim it as theirs, and also with the hope that suitable sites for new settlements might be discovered. As many other place names on this map are quite clearly Anglicized versions of their original french names, such as "Rencontre" (ren-contra) being transformed into "Rencontre" (ren-counter), one might assume, then, that Cook's labeling of "Bay of Despair" is a literal, phonetic translation of the previous French title of "Bay d'Espoir".
Bay d'Espoir is often translated locally either as Bay of Hope or Bay of Despair.
Bay d'Espoir is the feature location of Farley Mowat's 2006 autobiography "Bay of Spirits", in which Mowat chronicles his time living on the Southwest coast of the island of Newfoundland.

</doc>
<doc id="5980510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980510" title="Murchison Independent School District">
Murchison Independent School District

Murchison Independent School District is a public school district based in Murchison, Texas (USA).
Murchison ISD has one school that serves area students in grades Kindergarten through eight.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5980533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980533" title="Port Huron to Mackinac Boat Race">
Port Huron to Mackinac Boat Race

The Bayview Mackinac Boat Race is run by the Bayview Yacht Club of Detroit, Michigan. It is one of the longest fresh-water races in the world with over two hundred boats entering the race each year.
There have been at least six changes to the course throughout the race's history. All of the race's courses start in the waters of Lower Lake Huron, north of the Blue Water Bridge near the American shoreline, traverse the length of Lake Huron, and finish in the Round Island Channel off Mackinac Island, Michigan. Currently, the Race features two courses, one Shore Course sailing up the Michigan shoreline, and a Cove Island Course that takes boats around a buoy off Cove Island in northeast Lake Huron. Both courses finish at Mackinac Island. 
History.
The first race was held in 1925 with the sloop Bernida skippered by Russ Pouliot winning against 12 yachts. In the 2012 race, Bernida once again raced with owner/skipper Al Declercq claiming victory in PHRF H and Overall for the Shore Course along with his crew Matthew (son), Ken and Connor Flaska, and Fred and Ward Detwiller they finished around 1130 AM Monday. Dozens of divisions and classes of boats were added over the years.
The inaugural race course was up the Michigan shore line south of Bois Blanc. Originally it was started at the same time as the Chicago Race to Mackinac with the yachts crossing the finish line from two different directions. In 1935, the course was lengthened to and required participants to round Cove Island Buoy just south of Canada's Georgian Bay. Fog created confusion and the longer course was abandoned as dangerous and slow in 1936. In 1940 the race rounded the Six Fathoms Shoal buoy for that year only. The following year the race went back to shore course but left Bois Blanc to port. In 1972 the Cove Island course was restored. Twenty years later, participating yachts were divided into two separate fleets, with one heading east to round Cove Island and the other following the original shore course. After the Canadian government's decision to decommission the Cove Island buoy in 2000, the longer course was replaced with the Southampton Course in which sailors are directed toward Southampton, Ontario and then to the finish line at Mackinac Island. 
In 2007, the Bayview Yacht Club announced a new course (Thunder Bay Course) in which all boats round at NOAA Weather Buoy 45003, located about northeast of Alpena, Michigan. Longer than the shore course but not quite as lengthy as the Southampton or Cove Island courses, it marked the first time in 15 years that all Port Huron to Mackinac racing yachts followed a unified course. In 2009 the race returned to the Cove Island course (rounding a private buoy), with cruising and smaller boats sailing the Thunder Bay course.
In 2010 the Thunder Bay course was eliminated and the Shore Course reinstated. From 2010 through 2013 the two courses have been the Cove Island course and the Shore Course, and the same two courses will be used in 2014.
In 2012 the finish line was relocated from the east end of the island off of Mission Point. Boats now finish between the Round Island Lighthouse on Round Island and a point on the shoreline located west of the main harbor. The Round Island Passage Light, which is located off the west breakwall of the harbor, was added as a mark of the course in 2012.
Since 2011 the title sponsor of the race has been Bell's Brewery of Kalamazoo, Michigan and the race has been designated the Bell's Beer Bayview Mackinac Race.
The race.
The two Port Huron race courses allow for maximum participation from yachts ranging in size from to more than . 
The Port Huron to Mackinac Race is often confused with the Chicago to Mackinac Race. They were held on the same weekend until 1939, when both clubs agreed to alternate the date of their Mackinac races, scheduling them a week apart. In even years the Port Huron race is first to allow participants of the Newport Bermuda Race to sail both events. The Chicago-to-Mackinac race is older, starting in 1898, and slightly longer.
The Friday night before the start of the race is called Boat Night. Thousands of people: sailors and cheerful spectators, alike, line the banks of the Black River, Port Huron to view the yachts. The parties will last until well after dawn on Saturday.
The race begins Saturday afternoon with the smallest boats starting first and the largest the last to cross the starting line. Boats typically begin finishing at Mackinac Island Sunday evening through Tuesday morning. The finish line can be viewed from a number of places including Fort Mackinac and Mission Point Resort.
Boats are measured to determine handicaps. The fastest boat in the fleet is the scratch boat and has no time allowance. All other boats have time allowance handicaps which are subtracted from the elapsed sailing time. Over the years various handicapping systems have been used including IOR, PHRF, IMS, IRC and ORR. Since 2012 PHRF has been the only rating system used for the race.
Since 2009 the race has used internet tracking for all the participants. Throughout the event race fans can track the progress of the yachts. The last boat to finish the race is called the "pickle boat." The origin of the name comes from English yachting, where the last boat was called the "fisher." The boats used to stop to fish for herring and then pickle them. The pickling required the boat to take even longer to come into port.
The race and an awards celebration, while held on the lawn of Mission Point Resort in a number of previous years, since 2012 has been held on the lawn below the Grand Hotel. Flags and trophies are presented to all the winning skippers of each division and class.
Tradition.
Racers who have completed 25 of the annual Port Huron to Mackinac races are called "Old Goats," while those who have completed 50 are called "Grand Rams." People who work for 15 years on the Race Committee are honored with the title "Old Forts."

</doc>
<doc id="5980534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980534" title="Trinidad Independent School District">
Trinidad Independent School District

Trinidad Independent School district is a public school district based in Trinidad, Texas (USA).
The district consists of one campus serving grades PK-12.
Academic achievement.
In 2010, the school district was rated "academically unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Again in 2011, the school district was rated "academically unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. According to tea.state.tx.us/ Trinidad has "met standard," under the new accountability rating for 2013-2014 and is no longer "academically unacceptable."
Special programs.
Athletics.
Trinidad High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="5980536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980536" title="Robin Wolaner">
Robin Wolaner

Robin Wolaner (born 1954) is an entrepreneur and business author. In June 2013 she became CEO of Vittana, a nonprofit that pioneered loans for students in developing countries.
Currently a director of Credo mobile, she is the founder of TeeBeeDee, an online network for baby boomers that launched in 2007 and folded in 2009. She was an executive at CNET from 1997 to 2002; after leaving CNET, she wrote a book of business advice for women and became an advisor to tech startups. In 1985, she founded "Parenting" magazine, later sold to Time Inc.. Her founding of "Parenting" is documented in one of the most popular case studies by Harvard Business School, taught to all first-year students of the school. She graduated from Cornell University in 1975 with a bachelor of science in industrial and labor relations.

</doc>
<doc id="5980542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980542" title="USS Ramona (IX-76)">
USS Ramona (IX-76)

USS "Ramona" (IX-76), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for a title character in a novel ("Ramona" by Helen Hunt Jackson). A steel-hulled schooner, her keel was laid down in 1920 by the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, in Newport, Rhode Island. She was acquired by the Navy under bareboat charter from S. M. Spalding of Los Angeles, California, on 15 July 1942 and was placed in service 5 August 1942.
Originally assigned to the 11th Naval District, "Ramona" was transferred to the Western Sea Frontier on 31 August 1942. Homeported at San Diego, California, during her eight months in service, she patrolled off the California coast until placed out of service 1 April 1943. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 18 July 1944 and she was returned to her owner on 5 August 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5980553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980553" title="Punctate epithelial erosions">
Punctate epithelial erosions

Punctate epithelial erosions is a pathology affecting the cornea. It is also known as punctate erosive keratopathy or superficial punctate keratitis.
Signs and symptoms.
It is a characterized by a breakdown or damage of the epithelium of the cornea in a pinpoint pattern, which can be seen with examination with a slit-lamp. Patients may present with non-specific symptoms such as red eye, tearing, foreign body sensation, photophobia and burning.
Cause.
Punctate epithelial erosions may be seen with different disorders:
Treatment.
Due to the different underlying causes, proper diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis can only be determined by an eye care professional. Punctate epithelial erosions may be treated with artificial tears. In some disorders, topical antibiotic is added to the treatment. Patients should discontinue contact lens wear until recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="5980570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980570" title="Malakoff Independent School District">
Malakoff Independent School District

Malakoff Independent School District is a public school district based in Malakoff, Texas (USA).
In addition to Malakoff, the district serves the cities of Tool, Star Harbor, Caney City, and Athens.
In 2009, the school district was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5980571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980571" title="USS Gloria Dalton (IX-70)">
USS Gloria Dalton (IX-70)

USS "Gloria Dalton" (IX-70), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be given that name. Her keel was laid down in 1925 by Craig Shipbuilding Company, in Long Beach, California. She was purchased by the Navy 11 May 1942 and commissioned on 30 May 1942 with Lieutenant (j.g.) W. H. Sutherland in command.
"Gloria Dalton" performed coastal patrol duties from her home port San Diego, under the Commandant, 11th Naval District, until 16 November 1942, then under Commander, Western Sea Frontier. She was laid up and decommissioned because of a need for extensive repairs 1 October 1943, struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 June 1944, and was transferred to the War Shipping Administration for disposal. She was eventually returned to her owner.
After extensive remodeling, repairs and decorating the 107-ft schooner Gloria Dalton was launched from Newport Harbor on December 8, 1953. The boat was purchased from William Roberts of Newport Beach California by L.E. Strickland, San Gabriel California and C.H. Otterman of Pasadena California.

</doc>
<doc id="5980580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980580" title="Terri &amp; Monica">
Terri &amp; Monica

Terri & Monica was a R&B duo from the early 1990s which featured Terri Robinson (August 12, 1970) and Monica Payne (Feb 22), who were members of the short-lived late 80s New Jack Swing R&B group The Gyrlz along with third member Tara Geter.
As members of The Gyrlz, they released one album for Uptown Records under distribution from Capitol Records- 1988's "Love Me or Leave Me".
After Geter left the group, Robinson and Payne continued on as a duo. They released a pair of full-length recordings, 1993's "Systa" and 1996's "Suga", both released via Epic Records. The latter spawned a Billboard Magazine hit single, "Sexuality (If You Take Your Love)."
Discography.
As The Gyrlz
As Terri & Monica

</doc>
<doc id="5980589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980589" title="Camp Fear">
Camp Fear

Camp Fear may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980592" title="Timber rattler">
Timber rattler

Timber rattler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980599" title="Geoanna">
Geoanna

Geoanna was a steel auxiliary schooner built in 1934 by Craig Shipbuilding Company in Long Beach, California. "Geoanna" was requisitioned during World War II for service briefly with the U.S. Navy before transfer to the U.S. Army for Southwest Pacific operation for the duration.
Pre War.
When requisitioned the yacht was the property of the Seven-Up Bottling Co. of Los Angeles. The company had bought the vessel from the original owner in 1938 for $60,000 and made some updates at additional cost before requisition. "Geoanna" was requisitioned 1 February 1942 for war service by the United States Maritime Commission. The War Shipping Administration had set a just value of $20,000, of which $15,000 was paid.
World War II.
On 1 February 1942 the vessel was acquired by the U.S. Navy from the Maritime Commission and placed in service 19 February 1942 as the unclassified miscellaneous vessel "Geoanna" (IX-61). "Geoanna" was never commissioned and thus never bore the USS designation. The vessel was assigned to the 11th Naval District performing miscellaneous duties for Port Director, San Pedro, California. On 2 July 1943 "Geoanna" was turned over to the United States Coast Guard for service as a Coast Guard operational training ship until being redelivered to the Maritime Commission by the Navy 28 August 1943. 
The U.S. Army acquired "Geoanna" on 3 September 1943 for service in the Southwest Pacific Area. "Geoanna" was given the Army designation of TP-249. The ship served as a communications relay during operations of the Western New Guinea campaign into the Moluccas through landings at Tacloban in the Philippines.
Post war.
After the war in "Seven-Up Bottling Co. of Los Angeles, Inc., V. United States" the United States Court of Claims set the yacht's value at $30,000 when requisitioned and ordered payment of the additional $15,000. The ship remained in the Philippines after the war, was reportedly undergoing restoration and subject of additional lawsuits as late as 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5980602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980602" title="Arvika Festival">
Arvika Festival

Arvika Festival () was an annual music festival held in Arvika, Sweden. It took place during three days in the middle of July, from Thursday to Saturday, with camping available from the beginning of the week. The non-profit association "Galaxen" (Swedish for "The Galaxy") arranged the festival.
Since the nineties, the festival had built up a tradition of booking many big synth-pop bands. This was initially an unintended side effect: for the first festival in 1992 the arrangers had booked Cat Rapes Dog, Pouppée Fabrikk and S.P.O.C.K. and about 50% of the audience that showed up was actually mostly interested in these bands since no other festival booked many synth acts. However, along with the synth bands, internationally and nationally famous rock and pop acts visit the festival every year, attracting people not only interested in synth pop.
In 2006, somewhere between 15000 and 16000 people visited the festival, breaking a new record in ticket sales, and confirming the festival's spot as one of the big ones in Sweden. In 2009 the total number of tickets sold were 22500 including all three-day and one-day passes.
Some of the most famous bands that have visited the festival include (in reverse chronological order):
In 2010 the lineup contained bands such as Babyshambles and Regina Spektor.

</doc>
<doc id="5980612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980612" title="Comparison of birth control methods">
Comparison of birth control methods

Comparison of birth control methods: Different types of birth control methods have large differences in effectiveness, actions required of users, and side effects. Different methods require different actions of users. Barrier methods, spermicides, or coitus interruptus must be used at every act of intercourse. The male condom may not be applied until the penis is erect. Barriers such as diaphragms, caps, the contraceptive sponge, and female condoms may be placed several hours before intercourse begins (note that when using the female condom the penis must be guided into place when initiating intercourse). The female condom should be removed immediately after intercourse, and before arising. The other female barrier methods must be left in place for several hours after sex. Spermicides, depending on the form, may be applied several minutes to an hour before intercourse begins.
With IUDs, female or male sterilization, and hormone implant there is "little or nothing to do" post initial procedure; there is nothing to put in place before intercourse to prevent pregnancy Intrauterine methods require clinic visits for installation and removal or replacement (if desired) only once every several years (5-12), depending on the device. Sterilization is a one-time, permanent procedure - after the success of surgery is verified (for vasectomy), no action is usually required of users.
Implants, such as Nexplanon, provide effective birth control for three years without any user action between insertion and removal of the implant. Insertion and removal of the Implant involves a minor surgical procedure. Oral contraceptives require some action every day. Other hormonal methods require less frequent action - weekly for the patch, twice a month for vaginal ring, monthly for combined injectable contraceptive, and every twelve weeks for the injection Depo-Provera. Fertility awareness-based methods require some action every day to monitor and record fertility signs. The lactational amenorrhea method (LAM) requires breast feeding at least every four to six hours.
User dependence.
Different methods require different levels of diligence by users. Methods with little or nothing to do or remember, or that require a clinic visit less than once per year are said to be "non-user dependent", "forgettable" or "top-tier" methods. Intrauterine methods, implants and sterilization fall into this category. For methods that are not user dependent, the actual and perfect-use failure rates are very similar.
Many hormonal methods of birth control, and LAM require a moderate level of thoughtfulness. For many hormonal methods, clinic visits must be made every three months to a year to renew the prescription. The pill must be taken every day, the patch must be reapplied weekly, or the ring must be replaced monthly. Injections are required every 12 weeks. The rules for LAM must be followed every day. Both LAM and hormonal methods provide a reduced level of protection against pregnancy if they are occasionally used incorrectly (rarely going longer than 4–6 hours between breastfeeds, a late pill or injection, or forgetting to replace a patch or ring on time). The actual failure rates for LAM and hormonal methods are somewhat higher than the perfect-use failure rates.
Higher levels of user commitment are required for other methods. Barrier methods, coitus interruptus, and spermicides must be used at every act of intercourse. Fertility awareness-based methods may require daily tracking of the menstrual cycle. The actual failure rates for these methods may be much higher than the perfect-use failure rates.
Side effects.
Different forms of birth control have different potential side effects. Not all, or even most, users will experience side effects from a method.
The less effective the method, the greater the risk of the side-effects associated with pregnancy.
Minimal or no other side effects are possible with coitus interruptus, fertility awareness-based, and LAM. Some forms of periodic abstinence encourage examination of the cervix; insertion of the fingers into the vagina to perform this examination may cause changes in the vaginal environment. Following the rules for LAM may delay a woman's first post-partum menstruation beyond what would be expected from different breastfeeding practices.
Barrier methods have a risk of allergic reaction. Users sensitive to latex may use barriers made of less allergenic materials - polyurethane condoms, or silicone diaphragms, for example. Barrier methods are also often combined with spermicides, which have possible side effects of genital irritation, vaginal infection, and urinary tract infection.
Sterilization procedures are generally considered to have low risk of side effects, though some persons and organizations disagree. Female sterilization is a more significant operation than vasectomy, and has greater risks; in industrialized nations, mortality is 4 per 100,000 tubal ligations, versus 0.1 per 100,000 vasectomies.
After IUD insertion, users may experience irregular periods in the first 3–6 months with Mirena, and sometimes heavier periods and worse menstrual cramps with ParaGard. However, "ninety-nine percent of IUD users are pleased with them". A positive characteristic of IUDs is that fertility and the ability to become pregnant returns quickly once the IUD is removed. 
Because of their systemic nature, hormonal methods have the largest number of possible side effects.
Sexually transmitted disease prevention.
Male and female condoms provide significant protection against sexually transmitted diseases (STD) when used consistently and correctly. They also provide some protection against cervical cancer. Condoms are often recommended as an adjunct to more effective birth control methods (such as IUD) in situations where STD protection is also desired.
Other barrier methods, such as diaphragm may provide limited protection against infections in the upper genital tract. Other methods provide little or no protection against sexually transmitted diseases.
Effectiveness calculation.
Failure rates may be calculated by either the Pearl Index or a life table method. A "perfect-use" rate is where any rules of the method are rigorously followed, and (if applicable) the method is used at every act of intercourse.
Actual failure rates are higher than perfect-use rates for a variety of reasons:
For instance, someone using oral forms of hormonal birth control might be given incorrect information by a health care provider as to the frequency of intake, or for some reason not take the pill one or several days, or not go to the pharmacy on time to renew the prescription, or the pharmacy might be unwilling to provide enough pills to cover an extended absence.
Effectiveness of various methods.
The table below color codes the typical-use and perfect-use failure rates, where the failure rate is measured as the expected number of pregnancies per year per 100 women using the method:
In the User action required column, items that are "non-user dependent" (require action once per year or less) also have a blue background.
Some methods may be used simultaneously for higher effectiveness rates. For example, using condoms with spermicides the estimated perfect use failure rate would be comparable to the perfect use failure rate of the implant. However, mathematically combining the rates to estimate the effectiveness of combined methods can be inaccurate, as the effectiveness of each method is not necessarily independent, except in the perfect case.
If a method is known or suspected to have been ineffective, such as a condom breaking, emergency contraception (ECP) may be taken up to 72 to 120 hours after sexual intercourse. Emergency contraception should be taken shortly before or as soon after intercourse as possible, as its efficacy decreases with increasing delay. Although ECP is considered an emergency measure, levonorgestrel ECP taken shortly before sex may be used as a primary method for woman who have sex only a few times a year and want a hormonal method, but don’t want to take hormones all the time. Failure rate of repeated or regular use of LNG ECP is similar to rate for those using a barrier method.
Comparison table.
This table lists the chance of pregnancy during the first year of use.
Cost and cost-effectiveness.
Family planning is among the most cost-effective of all health interventions. Costs of contraceptives include method costs (including supplies, office visits, training), cost of method failure (ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, birth, child care expenses) and cost of side effects. Contraception saves money by reducing unintended pregnancies and reducing transmission of sexually transmitted infections. By comparison, in the US, method related costs vary from nothing to about $1,000 for a year or more of reversible contraception.
During the initial five years, vasectomy is comparable in cost to the IUD. Vasectomy is much less expensive and safer than tubal ligation.
Since ecological breastfeeding and fertility awareness are behavioral they cost nothing or a small amount upfront for a thermometer and / or training. Fertility awareness based methods can be used throughout a woman's reproductive lifetime.
Not using contraceptives is the most expensive option. While in that case there are no method related costs, it has the highest failure rate, and thus the highest failure related costs. Even if one only considers medical costs relating to preconception care and birth, any method of contraception saves money compared to using no method.
The most effective and the most cost-effective methods are long-acting methods. Unfortunately these methods often have significant up-front costs, requiring the user to pay a portion of these costs prevents some from using more effective methods. Contraception saves money for the public health system and insurers.

</doc>
<doc id="5980642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980642" title="Novi Vinodolski">
Novi Vinodolski

Novi Vinodolski (, often also called Novi) is a town on the Adriatic Sea coast in Croatia, located south of Crikvenica, Selce and Bribir and north of Senj. The population of Novi is 3,988, with a total of 5,131 people in the city administered area. The city area became a Frankopan property in the 13th century, marking the period to which the most valuable heritage is dated, including the Law codex of Vinodol. City hinterland is dominated by the Vinodol Valley, used for agriculture and winemaking. Economy of the city is dominated by tourist industry, as Novi Vinodolski is well known tourist centre situated in an area largely unaffected by other types of industry and it offers a wide variety of tourist amenities. The Vinodol Valley is also the site of a hydroelectric power plant utilizing water collected in Gorski Kotar reservoirs. Transport links of the city are substantially dependent on the nearby city of Rijeka.
History and heritage.
The area of Novi Vinodolski is inhabited since prehistory, as witnessed by an archaeological site at Osap hill and Roman artifacts and remains such as the Lopsica fortress, found in the city itself and its vicinity. Settlement variously called Novi Grad or Novigrad (lit. "New City") was built in the 13th century by the House of Frankopan who acquired the area as their possession at the time. Contemporary development of the region is witnessed by Vinodol Statute of 1288 and significant Glagolitic works of the era. Until the 17th century the city was ruled by the Principality of Krk or as a Frankopan estate. In the 16th century, Novi Vinodolski became a part of Habsburg Empire and it shares political fate of the Kingdom of Croatia and its successor states since then.
The city of Novi Vinodolski is the hometown of writers Ivan and Matija Mažuranić. Ivan Mažuranić was also the first Croatian ban born as a commoner. The soul of Novi Vinodolski consists of historical remains and cultural heritage, namely remains of a Paulist monastery, Frankopan fortress and castle, a cathedral, Trinity church and Saint Marinus church located on a small eponymous island, house of the Mažuranić brothers, a library built in 1845, Homeland museum and gallery, old city core, as well as preserved authentic and indigenous folk lore of the city.
Geography and climate.
The city of Novi Vinodolski is situated in the northern Croatian Littoral, at Vinodol Riviera of the Adriatic Sea, south of Crikvenica, Selce and Bribir and north of Senj. The population of Novi is 4,005, with a total of 5,113 people in the city administered are. Appearance of Novi Vinodolski is characterized by coastal Mediterranean architecture of white façade houses with red rooftops in the old city's core extending from the coastline up to a church and a tower located on a hill dominating city skyline as if protecting the stone structures uphill. Due to this specific panorama, Novi Vinodolski has been recognized as a tourist city in the past and present. Because of evergreen and deciduous forests and mild Mediterranean climate, as well as clean seawater and air, the city is considered to be a leader in tourist industry of the region, second only to Opatija. City hinterland comprises Vinodol Valley (Vallis vinearia) spanning between Bakarac and Novi Vinodolski.
The city boundaries encompass the following settlements: Bater, Bile, Breze, Crno, Donji Zagon, Drinak, Gornji Zagon, Jakov Polje, Javorje, Klenovica, Krmpotske Vodice, Ledenice, Luka Krmpotska, Novi Vinodolski, Podmelnik, Povile, Ruševo Krmpotsko, Sibinj Krmpotski, Smokvica Krmpotska and Zabukovac.
Economy and Infrastructure.
Economy of Novi Vinodolski is dominated by tourist industry and activities supporting that particular branch of economy. Hotels, other vacation accommodation, auto camps, bungalows, apartments and rooms in privately owned houses can accommodate over 10,000 tourists at once. The city and its surroundings provide recreational, sports, and spa facilities. City port contains berths, a filling station, and other facilities required for yachting. The city surroundings—Vinodol Valley, is used for agricultural production, especially vinegrowing and winemaking. Wines produced in the area largely resemble those produced on nearby Krk island, with Žlahtina being the predominant variety produced. In addition, Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay are produced. Wine production was significantly promoted since the 1990s, when refugees from Vukovar started the Pavlomir winery there during the Croatian War of Independence. A wine produced in the region, was provided as an official wine during visit of the Pope Benedict XVI to Croatia.
The city is linked by Adriatic Highway—a segment of the D8 state road linking it to the Croatian motorway network east of Rijeka. Rijeka acts as a transportation hub of the region offering railway links to Zagreb, Ljubljana and further on to the rest of Europe, the Rijeka Airport and the Port of Rijeka. Hrvatska elektroprivreda operates the Vinodol Hydroelectric Power Plant which utilizes several reservoirs in Gorski Kotar, such as Lake Bajer for production of electrical power. This arrangement of the reservoirs and the power plant yields water head in excess of and 90 MW rated power of the plant. Average annual production of the power plant is 139 GWh.

</doc>
<doc id="5980645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980645" title="USS Domino (IX-208)">
USS Domino (IX-208)

USS "Domino" (IX-208), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the game piece. The freighter was acquired from the War Shipping Administration in May 1945. The hull classification symbol IX-208 was reserved for her, but she was never taken up on the list of naval vessels, and no classification was ever assigned to her. She was returned to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) in February 1946.
Service history.
The ship was built by Bethlehem Steel at Wilmington, Delaware, laid down on 3 October 1918, and launched on 23 July 1919. She then served as a merchant ship under the name "Delco".
By late 1944 the ship was laid up at Mobile, Alabama, under the control of the WSA. In November 1944 she was acquired by the Navy to transport Bureau of Yards and Docks equipment to the Pacific, and then to be sunk as a breakwater.
On arrival in the Pacific in early 1945 the ship was inspected and considered suitable for use as a mobile dry storage. On 28 January 1945 the Commander-in-Chief of Pacific Ocean Areas (CinCPOA) was directed to commission her as an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, assigned to ServPac. The name "Domino" and classification number "IX-208" were approved on 30 January 1945. However, on 23 April 1945, a Board of Inspection and Survey at Hawaii reported that the vessel was in poor condition throughout, and her acquisition was then cancelled.
The hull number IX-208 was subsequently listed as "not acquired" as of 25 June 1945. The ship remained at Pearl Harbor, but was not used. She was towed back to the West Coast in January 1946 and delivered to the Maritime Commission reserve fleet at Suisun Bay on 13 February 1946, and sold for scrap on 25 July 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5980660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980660" title="Navarro">
Navarro

Navarro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980667" title="Opera Rara">
Opera Rara

Opera Rara is a British non-profit recording company, founded in the early 1970s by American Patric Schmid and Englishman Don White to promote concerts of rare and/or forgotten operas by "bel canto" era composers such as Italian composers Gaetano Donizetti, Giovanni Pacini, Saverio Mercadante, and Federico Ricci, as well as French composers of the 1830s forward such as Giacomo Meyerbeer.
The company's activities were later expanded to include the "Verdi Originals" series, which included the BBC's presentations of original versions of operas by Giuseppe Verdi which are better known in later, revised versions. An example of this group would be Verdi's "Macbeth".
For many years Opera Rara was sponsored heavily by the Peter Moores Foundation. In 2011 Stephen Revell, the managing director of Opera Rara announced that conductor Mark Elder would join as new artistic director.
Discography.
The label's first "complete" opera, Meyerbeer's "Il crociato in Egitto", was performed in concert in 1972 and featured the soprano Janet Price. It was the work's first revival in over 100 years, and was of such great interest to record collectors that it was almost immediately issued by several "pirates". Donizetti's "Maria Padilla" (again featuring Price) followed soon afterwards.
Other early concerts included "Maria de Rudenz", "Torquato Tasso", and "Rosmonda d'Inghilterra" (Donizetti), "L'Etoile du Nord" (Meyerbeer)), as well as two Mercadante operas:"Orazi e Curiazi" and "Virginia". All of these represented the first performances of these works in many years. Concert performances, leading to the issuance of recordings by the company, continue to be given at London's Southbank Centre with orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra and the Philharmonia Orchestra. Prominent amongst conductors of these works is David Parry and Mark Elder.
In 1977, Opera Rara issued its first recording of Donizetti's "Ugo, conte di Parigi", with a cast including Janet Price, Yvonne Kenny, Della Jones, and Christian du Plessis.
Other singers who have participated in Opera Rara's recordings include Renée Fleming, Jennifer Larmore, Nelly Miricioiu, Vesselina Kasarova, Chris Merritt, Marco Lazzara, Mark Stone, James Westman, Bruce Ford, and Anthony Michaels-Moore.
In March 2014, Opera Rara celebrated its 50th complete opera recording with the release of Donizetti’s Rita (Deux hommes et une femme). Conducted by Artistic Director Sir Mark Elder, Rita was the first studio recording of the newly restored critical edition of the score.
World premiere recordings.
The label's biggest contribution to classical recordings is the large number of "world premiere recordings" in their catalogue. Listed by composer, these include:
Donizetti
Mayr 
Mercadante
Meyerbeer
Offenbach
Pacini
Paer
Ricci
Rossini
Thomas
Jean-Baptiste Wekerlin
The recordings indicated by one asterisk (*) are excerpts.
The recordings indicated by two asterisks (**) are technically not world premiere recordings, since they had been performed earlier by Opera Rara, and these earlier performances were issued by pirates. However, they are included in this list since the world premiere recording is still an Opera Rara performance.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5980683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980683" title="USS Feldspar (IX-159)">
USS Feldspar (IX-159)

USS "Feldspar" (IX-159), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for feldspar.
She was acquired by the Navy and placed in service on 11 August 1944. She was towed to the Philippine Islands where she provided United States Army and United States Marine Corps supplies. "Feldspar" was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 August 1946 and sold.

</doc>
<doc id="5980684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980684" title="Athens Independent School District">
Athens Independent School District

Athens Independent School District is a public school district based in Athens, Texas (USA). The district serves central Henderson County and small portions of southern Van Zandt and northern Anderson counties.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $1,149,537,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.015 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Forty-nine percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in six schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="5980702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980702" title="USS Carmita (IX-152)">
USS Carmita (IX-152)

USS "Carmita" (IX-152) was a - a supply ship made of concrete - during World War II. Considered an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, she was acquired and placed in service on 11 May 1944. The IX-152 was the second ship of the United States Navy to have the name "Carmita" and was named for the first , a schooner captured during the American Civil War. The IX-152 was originally known as "Slate". She was attached to Service Force, Pacific Fleet, until 25 September 1946 when she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register.

</doc>
<doc id="5980719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980719" title="USS Don Marquis (IX-215)">
USS Don Marquis (IX-215)

USS "Don Marquis" (IX-215), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for that writer, poet, and artist. Her keel was laid down by the California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Los Angeles, California, as a Type EC2-S-C1 hull under Maritime Commission contract number 1874. She was launched on 23 August 1943. 
She was acquired and placed in service by the Navy on 31 May 1945. She was employed as dry floating storage in the Pacific until returned to the War Shipping Administration on 28 November 1945. "Don Marquis" was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 5 June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5980720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980720" title="Carroll Shelby International">
Carroll Shelby International

Carroll Shelby International () was formed in 2003 from custom performance vehicle manufacturer Shelby American when, founder and owner, Carroll Shelby took the company public, and additionally forming Shelby Automobiles as a subsidiary from which to continue manufacturing vehicles and parts. In 2009, "Shelby Automobiles" was officially renamed to "Shelby American", bringing back the original company name to celebrate the 45th anniversary of the 427 Cobra and GT350. Carroll Shelby Licensing, Inc. is the second wholly owned subsidiary that forms Carroll Shelby International, which is based at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Clark County, Nevada.
Shelby American manufactures component automobiles, including replicas of the small-block and large-block AC Cobras, the Shelby GT350 and the GT500 Super Snake. Since 2005, Shelby American has released new models each year.
Carroll Shelby International was previously working with Texas-based Unique Performance to create new Mustang-based Shelby cars such as the GT350SR and "Eleanor". On November 1, 2007, Unique Performance was raided by the Farmers Branch Police Department due to VIN irregularities and subsequently declared bankruptcy, which effectively ended the Shelby continuation "Eleanor" production and the relationship.
History.
Shelby American was founded by Carroll Shelby in 1962 to build and market high performance parts and modified cars for individuals. The company was based at Santa Fe Springs, California (1962), Venice, California (1962–1967), Ionia, Michigan (1967–1968), Whittier, California (1986–1998) and Las Vegas, Nevada (since 1998). Some of the automobiles produced by Shelby American were the Ford Mustang-based Shelby GT350 and Shelby GT500. Shelby American also installed the engines of US-market examples of the legendary AC Cobra which was an AC Ace with a Ford V8.
The company was also highly involved with racing, with Shelby cars winning many races and the first title for an American constructor at the World Sportscar Championship in 1965. From 1965 to 1967, Shelby American also provided support to Ford for their successful campaign to win the 1966 24 Hours of Le Mans as historically the first American constructor ever with the mid-engined Ford GT40's. With Shelby Daytona, Shelby became one of only three American constructors (along with Ford and Chevrolet) to win a title on the international scene at the FIA World Championships.
Shelby American moved in 1998 to Nevada becoming the first automobile manufacturer in Nevada and began production. The line included:
In 2003, the company name was changed to "Carroll Shelby International, Inc." from "Shelby American" and it was taken public. Shelby Automobiles was also created as a subsidiary and manufacturing arm of the new company.
On December 15, 2009, Carroll Shelby International announced in a press release that Shelby Automobiles was being renamed to "Shelby American" in celebration of the 45th anniversary of 427 Cobra and GT350.
Shelby Museum.
The Shelby Museum is located on the site. It includes a wide range of Shelby vehicles, from the first Cobra CSX2000 to prototypes of Series 1 and some of the latest creations.
Cobras.
Total small block Cobras 655
Total Cobras Built 1,003
Shelby Mustang production totals 1965-70.
1965
Total 1965 Shelby Mustangs 562 
1966
Total 1966 Shelby Mustangs 2,380
1967
Total 1967 Shelby GT Mustangs 3,225
1968
Total 1968 Ford Shelby Cobra GT Mustangs 4,451 
1969 & 1970
Total 1969-70 Ford Shelby Cobra GT Mustangs 3,294
Shelby Cars Totals
Shelby Mustangs 13,912 
13,912

</doc>
<doc id="5980727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980727" title="Art McNally Award">
Art McNally Award

The Art McNally Award is an annual award created in 2002 by then–National Football League (NFL) Commissioner Paul Tagliabue and given to an NFL game official who exhibits exemplary professionalism, leadership, and commitment to sportsmanship on and off the field. This award is presented at the Pro Bowl in Hawaii.
The award is named after Art McNally, an NFL game official from 1959 to 1967 and Supervisor of Officials from 1968 to 1990. Since 1996, he has served as an assistant supervisor of officials in the NFL during the season. Tagliabue said of McNally, "Art McNally truly represented the qualities that are inscribed on the award. His dedication to the game and his professionalism and class on and off the field set the standard." 
Previous winners.
Awards are formally presented the day of the Pro Bowl game.

</doc>
<doc id="5980744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980744" title="USS Corundum (IX-164)">
USS Corundum (IX-164)

USS "Corundum" (IX-164), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for corundum.
The ship (a Type B7-D1 barge) was laid down on 19 October 1943 under a Maritime Commission contract (MC Hull 1332) by Barrett & Hilp, Belair Shipyard, in South San Francisco. She was launched on 31 December 1943, sponsored by Mrs. William O.Neill, and named "Limestone" (IX-158) on 7 February 1944, but renamed and redesignated "Corundum" (IX-164) on 23 May 1944, prior to acquisition by the United States Navy.
"Corundum" was acquired from the Maritime Commission, converted for use as a landing craft and vehicle spare parts barge and assigned to Service Force, Pacific Fleet. She was placed in service on 18 July 1944, towed to the Philippines where she rendered assistance to Commander, Service Division 101. On 8 August 1946 she was placed out of service and delivered to the War Shipping Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="5980750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980750" title="Panna Maria">
Panna Maria

Panna Maria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980756" title="William Hawthorne">
William Hawthorne

Sir William Rede Hawthorne CBE, FRS, FREng, FIMECHE, FRAES, (22 May 1913 – 16 September 2011) was a British professor of engineering who worked on the development of the jet engine.
Life.
Hawthorne was born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England, the son of a civil engineer from Belfast. He was educated at Westminster School, London, then read mathematics and engineering at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating in 1934 with a double first. He spent two years as a graduate apprentice with Babcock and Wilcox Ltd, then went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, MA, where his research on laminar and turbulent flames earned him a ScD two years later. In 1939 he married Barbara Runkle (d. 1992, granddaughter of MIT's second President John Daniel Runkle), and they had one son and two daughters.
After MIT, he returned to Babcock and Wilcox. In 1940, he joined the Royal Aircraft Establishment at Farnborough. He was seconded from there to Power Jets Ltd at Lutterworth, where he worked with Frank Whittle on combustion chamber development for the jet engine. Building on his work on the mixing of fuel and air in flames at MIT, he derived the mixture for fast combustion; the chambers produced by his team were used in the first British jet aircraft. 
In 1941, he returned to Farnborough as head of the newly formed Gas Turbine Division and in 1944 he was sent for a time to Washington to work with the British Air Commission. In 1945, he became Deputy Director of Engine Research in the British Ministry of Supply before returning to America a year later as an Associate Professor of Engineering at MIT. He was appointed George Westinghouse Professor of Mechanical Engineering there at the age of 35, and in 1951 returned to Cambridge, UK as the first Hopkinson and Imperial Chemical Industries Professor of Applied Thermodynamics (1951–1980). Hawthorne's most outstanding work at Cambridge was in the understanding of loss mechanisms in turbomachinery, and during his time as Head of Department he and Professor John Horlock (later Vice-Chancellor of the Open University) established the Turbomachinery Laboratory.
The oil shortage following the Suez Crisis and Hawthorne's interest in energy matters led to his invention and development of Dracone flexible barges for transporting oil, fresh water, or other liquids. (The name Dracone is allegedly a reference to Frank Herbert's Dragon in the Sea science fiction novel which featured this kind of tanker.) Hawthorne was active on many committees and advisory bodies concerned with energy matters, in particular the Advisory Council on Energy Conservation, of which he was chairman from its inception in 1974.
Hawthorne was elected to the fellowship of the Royal Society in 1955, and was knighted in 1970. He became Head of the Department of Engineering in Cambridge in 1968 and was appointed Master of Churchill College, Cambridge in the same year (1968–1983). 
President of the Pentacle Club from 1970–1990, Hawthorne was well known for performing magic, and is remembered to this day by the kitchen staff at Churchill College as 'the man who made cheese rolls come out from behind his ears'.

</doc>
<doc id="5980771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980771" title="Fairfield Independent School District">
Fairfield Independent School District

Fairfield Independent School District is a public school district based in Fairfield, Texas (USA).
In addition to Fairfield, the district serves the town of Streetman and rural areas in northeastern Freestone County. The district extends into a small portion of southern Navarro County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
External links.
Superintendent: Katie Ryan 
Assistant Superentendent:Sheila Dove
Personnel Director: Lisa Akers
Business Manager: Lesley Cain
Maintenance Director: Ron Harris
Technology Director: Shannon McQueen
Director of Transportation: Sid Ivy

</doc>
<doc id="5980779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980779" title="My Boo (Ghost Town DJ's song)">
My Boo (Ghost Town DJ's song)

"My Boo" is an R&B bass song by the hip-hop group Ghost Town DJ's, released on Jermaine Dupri's So So Def label, on the album "So So Def Bass All-Stars". The song, an invite by a female to a male suitor, blends Virgo Williams' R&B-style vocals with a high-tempo electronic beat. The song was written by Carlton "Carl Mo" Mahone and Rodney "Kool Kollie" Terry, and was included on both volumes of "So So Def Bass All-Stars I & II".
Remixes.
In 2005, the song was interpolated on Cam'ron & The Diplomats' second album together on "Diplomatic Immunity 2", titled "I Wanna Be Your Lady". In 2007, the song was interpolated on Pitbull and Lloyd's "Secret Admirer". In 2009, the song was sampled in the So So Def Mix of "H.A.T.E.U." by Mariah Carey.
A dance remix cover was done in 2009 by the group American Dream Team. in 2011. Interpolations of the song are featured in Ciara's 2013 single "Body Party" featuring Future.
Cover versions.
Brooklyn based band Friends released a cover of "My Boo" as the B-side to their single "I'm His Girl" released on October 31, 2011.
Similarity with "Just the Two of Us".
Popular disc jockey Rick Dees ran a comparison between "My Boo" and "Just the Two of Us" on his Weekly Top 40 broadcast on August 17, 1996, noting that "My Boo"'s chord progression may have been inspired by the 1981 hit if you slowed the latter down.
Music video.
The music video features the group at a pool party.

</doc>
<doc id="5980792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980792" title="M2 (railcar)">
M2 (railcar)

The M2 is a series of 244 electric multiple unit cars produced for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and the Connecticut Department of Transportation for use on the New Haven Line (then part of Penn Central, now part of Metro North). Built primarily by General Electric in a consortium with the Budd Company and Canadian Vickers between 1972 and 1977, the cars were initially branded as The Cosmopolitans. Final assembly of the M2 cars using Budd or Vickers bodies was completed at GE's Transportation Division in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Both the model and brand name followed the pattern set up by the M1/M1A series (The Metropolitans) in use on the Long Island Rail Road (M1) and on the Metro-North Hudson and Harlem lines (M1A), sisters to the Metro-North New Haven Line. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the M2 design was licensed by the MTA and ConnDOT to two other companies to produce follow-up series.
All cars are equipped with GE 1259 DC motors with a rated output of on all axles.
M2 series.
The M2 Cosmopolitan series (#'s 8400-8849) replaced EMU cars dating from the early 1920s to 1954, including the Pullman 4400-series. These were originally manufactured for, and inherited from, the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. As with the cousin M1 series, the M2s accompanied an overhaul of the long-neglected main line and the New Canaan Branch in which longer, high level platforms were introduced along with other infrastructure improvements.
Aside from the technical differences of the New Haven Line (electrification via overhead catenary instead of third rail), the cars are similar to the sister M1A order and, in times of equipment shortages or severe weather, the M2s have run on the Hudson and Harlem lines. Most of the other differences are in the interior and exterior appearance of the cars, such as red striping on the exterior rather than blue, the interior wallpaper having both the New York and Connecticut state seals and the obvious pantograph and mechanical apparatus on the roof. Both the MTA and ConnDOT purchased bar cars, but complaints from riders from stations in New York, coupled with arrival of new equipment on the Hudson and Harlem lines, led to the conversion of the ten MTA-owned bar cars to standard coaches. The ten ConnDOT-owned bar cars, which run on express trains to New Haven, Stamford, South Norwalk and New Canaan, remain in service during weekdays.
M4/M6 series.
After the LIRR and Hudson/Harlem lines received an updated version of the original Metropolitan series of cars in 1984-86 (the LIRR M3 and Metro North M3A series), plans were announced for a similar undertaking on the New Haven Line. Originally, Budd was to produce these cars but pulled out in the wake of struggles that eventually led to the company's departure from railroad manufacturing.
After Budd stepped away from the order, the rights to the M1/M3 and M2 designs were transferred to the MTA. With these rights, MTA and ConnDOT eventually awarded the order to Tokyu Car which produced 54 M4 cars (8900-series) in 1987-1988. Nearly identical to the M2s, Tokyu Car initially gave the "Triplex" brand name to the M4 cars to highlight their being a three-car set, as opposed to the married pairs of the M2s. These cars are now commonly referred to as "triplets" by railroad personnel.
In 1994, 48 M6 series cars (9000-series) were produced by Morrison Knudsen. Nearly identical to the M4s, these cars were completed at Hornell, New York with body shells from Mafersa. The M6s also feature distinctive chimes that sound whenever the doors are closed, a feature that does not exist on the M2s or M4s. The M6s also have black framed windows, giving them the illusion of being larger than the windows on the M2s and M4s. The M6s are also commonly referred to as "triplets".
Retirement and replacement.
By the start of the 21st century, the original Cosmopolitans began to reach the end of their expected service lives, as they have traveled over 1 million miles in all types of harsh weather. It was then that the cars saw some of their most intense usage as the combination of increased ridership and financial difficulties delayed the MTA and ConnDOT's abilities to fund replacement cars.
With the replacement of Rowland by Governor M. Jodi Rell in 2004, the process for a replacement series was expedited. After an earlier deal in principle with Bombardier Transportation fell through, Kawasaki Heavy Industries was awarded a contract in July 2006 to produce the M8 series, which began to enter service in late 2010. The 405 cars are based on the M7/M7A series much as the M2s were based on the M1 series, though with some interior improvements and a different front end. On May 9th, 2014, Metro north retired the bar cars, with its last one departing Grand Central terminal at 7:07 PM. There rumors however to bring back the bar cars by retrofitting some of the new rail cars. An additional 25 cars are still on option. The M8 series will fully replace the M2/M4/M6 series by 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="5980803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980803" title="John Lucian Smith">
John Lucian Smith

John Lucian Smith (December 26, 1914-June 10, 1972) is a Medal of Honor recipient and Marine Corps ace who, as Commanding Officer of VMF-223 shot down 19 Japanese planes in World War II and led his squadron to a destroy a total of 83 enemy aircraft during the Solomon Islands campaign.
Biography.
John Lucian Smith was born on December 26, 1914 in Lexington, Oklahoma. He attended the University of Oklahoma where he was a member of the Reserve Officers Training Corps, graduating in May 1936. During the same month, he was appointed a second lieutenant in the Army Field Artillery, but resigned in July that year to accept a commission in the United States Marine Corps as a second lieutenant.
After receiving his Marine Corps commission, he was ordered to Marine Barracks, Navy Yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he attended the Marine Basic School.
Following various duty assignments at Quantico, Virginia, Washington, D.C., and Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina, in 1937, he was transferred to the Naval Air Station, Pensacola in July 1938 to begin flight training. A year later he graduated and was designated a Naval Aviator.
During the crucial battle for the Solomons, he led Marine Fighter Squadron 223 (VMF-223) on sorties against the enemy, during which the squadron accounted for 83 enemy aircraft destroyed.
Aerial victory credits.
While on temporary duty in Washington after his return from the Pacific, he was awarded and presented the Medal of Honor by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 24, 1943.
After several months' duty in Washington, he shipped overseas again that fall to serve as Executive Officer of Marine Aircraft Group 32, then located at Oahu, Hawaii. A few months later, he moved to the Philippines and took part in the aerial offensives in the Bismarck Archipelago in November and December 1944; moved up to Luzon in the Philippines in January and February 1945; then on to Mindoro and Mindanao, and finally up to the Sulu Archipelago.
For his services in the Philippines during the period November 1944 to June 1945, he was awarded the Legion of Merit for exceedingly meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding service as Executive Officer for Marine Aircraft Group 32 in extensive support of ground and surface forces in the liberation of Luzon, Zamboanga Peninsula, the Sulu Archipelago, and Mindanao.
After his return to the United States in June 1945, he served at the Naval Air Station, Jacksonville, Florida, until December 1945, and then was transferred to Quantico, Virginia, to serve as station operations officer. After his duty there and after performing various duties at Cherry Point, North Carolina, Washington, and Havana, Cuba, in 1946 and 1947, he was detached from duty at the Naval Air Station, Norfolk, Virginia, to perform duty involving flying on the staff of Commander, Air Force, Atlantic Fleet. In November 1948 he was on temporary aviation duty in England, France, and Germany.
Lieutenant Colonel Smith was detailed as Marine Corps Aide to the Chief of Naval Operations, Navy Department, Washington, in December 1949; promoted to colonel on January 1, 1951; and in May 1951, he joined the Staff, Standing Group, of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, for two years. Following duty with Marine Training Group 10, at the Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, California, he began a year's duty in Korea in July 1953. He served first as Commanding Officer, Marine Aircraft Group 33, until February 1954, then as Assistant Chief of Staff, G-4 of 1st Marine Aircraft Wing.
Upon his return from Korea, Col Smith was assigned to Headquarters Marine Corps in August 1954, and entered the National War College, completing the course in June 1955. The following month he was assigned to Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, as a member of the Advanced Research Group, serving in this capacity until July 1956. That August he assumed his duties at Pensacola Naval Air Station as Liaison Officer on the Staff of the Chief of Naval Air Training.
Colonel Smith retired from the Marine Corps on September 1, 1960, after which he worked in the defense industry until his death on June 10, 1972 in Encino, California. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and decorations.
A complete list of Col Smith's medals and decorations includes: the Medal of Honor; the Legion of Merit with Combat "V;" the Distinguished Flying Cross; the Bronze Star with Combat "V;" the Air Medal with three Gold Stars, indicative of four awards; the Presidential Unit Citation; the Navy Unit Commendation Ribbon with one bronze star; the American Defense Service Medal with Base clasp; the Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with one silver star, indicative of five bronze stars; the American Campaign Medal; the World War II Victory Medal; the Navy Occupation Service Medal with European clasp; the National Defense Service Medal; Distinguished Service Order; the Korean Service Medal with one bronze star; the United Nations Service Medal; the Philippine Liberation Ribbon with one bronze star; the Philippine Presidential Unit Citation; and the Korean Presidential Unit Citation.
Medal of Honor citation.
The President of the United States takes pleasure in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR to
MAJOR JOHN L. SMITH
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS
for service as set forth in the following CITATION:
For conspicuous gallantry and heroic achievement in aerial combat above and beyond the call of duty as Commanding Officer of Marine Fighting Squadron TWO TWENTY-THREE, during operations against enemy Japanese forces in the Solomon Islands Area, August - September, 1942. Repeatedly risking his life in aggressive and daring attacks, Major Smith led his squadron against a determined force, greatly superior in numbers, personally shooting down sixteen Japanese planes between August 21 and September 15, 1942. In spite of the limited combat experience of many of the pilots of this squadron, they achieved the notable record of a total of eighty-three enemy aircraft destroyed in this period, mainly attributable to the thorough training under Major Smith and to his intrepid and inspiring leadership. His bold tactics and indomitable fighting spirit and the valiant and zealous fortitude of the men of his command not only rendered the enemy's attacks ineffective and costly to them but contributed to the security of our advance base. His loyal and courageous devotion to duty sustain and enhance the finest traditions of the United States Naval Service.
/S/ FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT

</doc>
<doc id="5980805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980805" title="My Boo (Usher and Alicia Keys song)">
My Boo (Usher and Alicia Keys song)

"My Boo" is a duet between American R&B singers Usher and Alicia Keys, written by Usher, Keys, Jermaine Dupri, Adonis Shropshire, and Manuel Seal, Jr.. The song was released as the album's fourth single in 2004. Set over a hip hop-style track, it was produced by Dupri. It was included on the re-release of Usher's fourth studio album, "Confessions" (2004). 
The song received positive reviews from critics, and has garnered awards. The single stayed on top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 for six weeks, making it the third most-successful single from the album after "Yeah!" and "Burn", respectively. It was also ranked as the 36th biggest song of the 2000-2009 decade in the US.
Background.
Usher and Alicia Keys had previously collaborated with the remix of Keys' 2004 single "If I Ain't Got You", which was released in the United Kingdom. During the production of Usher's fourth studio album, "Confessions", they thought of various female singers to pair him with on the song. Usher and Kortney Kaycee Leveringston's rare demo version can be found floating on the Internet. Although it was and still is widely believed that it was Beyoncé. However, Jermaine Dupri, who co-wrote the song including Usher's number-one hits "Yeah!", "Burn", and "Confessions Part II", felt that he had established good relationship with Keys since she had worked with him and Usher.
The song is written from the perspectives of Keys and Usher, who play the role of an ex-couple. For him, Usher and Keys "talk about how they used to be in love and how those feelings are still lingering despite the two not being involved anymore." For Keys, "The song is talking about the first person you ever really had feelings for. Even though you move on and meet new people, you always remember that first person."
Release.
"My Boo" was among the songs that were not included in the final track listing of "Confessions", including "Red Light" and songs recorded Usher recorded with P. Diddy and The Neptunes. "My Boo" and "Red Light" were leaked to the internet, along with other records that were not included during the first release. The song was included in the expanded version of "Confessions", alongside "Red Light" and "Sweet Lies" which were only released in the UK version of the album. Dupri thought of releasing "My Boo" as the fourth single from "Confessions" once "Confessions Part II" would be leaving the charts. The single was released in the United States as a 12" single on September 21, 2004. It was a double–A side with "Confessions Part II" when it was released in the United Kingdom on December 28, 2004. "My Boo" was re-released in the United Kingdom on January 18, 2005.
Composition and reception.
"My Boo" is a hip hop-tinged R&B song with a mid-tempo melody. It is composed in the key of D minor, in common time. The lyrics are constructed in verse-chorus-chorus form. Usher starts the intro, and Keys followed her rap-intro, with background vocals from Usher. He proceeds to the first verse and chorus, leading to Keys singing another chorus, altering some of the lyrics of the original chorus to create a dialogue. Keys sings the second verse and Usher for the chorus, with background vocals from Keys. Keys repeats her version for the chorus. The song breaks with Usher and Keys singing "My oh, My oh, My oh, My oh, My Boo", one after the other. Usher repeats the chorus again, and they sing the intro of Keys.
The song received mixed reviews from critics. Azeem Ahmad of OMH Media proposed to ban "My Boo" because he felt that the collaboration was a competition among Usher and Alicia Keys "over the hip-pop like beat". Jon Caramanica of "Rolling Stone" found the duet sentimental. At the 2005 Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals; to which it won the latter and the former was awarded to Alicia Keys' song, "You Don't Know My Name". Usher and Keys won for Best R&B/Soul Single by a Duo or Group during the 2005 Soul Train Music Awards. In 2008, "Billboard" ranked the song seventh on a special The 40 Biggest Duets of All Time listing.
Chart performance.
"My Boo" was successful in the United States, living up to the chart performances of "Yeah!", "Burn" and "Confessions Part II". The single debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 twenty-nine, the highest U.S. entry among all singles released from the album. It entered the top ten, two weeks after, and peaked at number one during its eighth-week stay on the chart. The single remained on the top for six weeks, beating its predecessor "Confessions Part II", which charted at number one for two weeks. However, it failed to match the success of "Yeah!" and "Burn" for twelve- and eight-week run on the top, respectively. It stayed on the top ten for nineteen weeks, leaving the chart after twenty-six weeks. The single was successful on "Billboard" component charts, topping the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Ringtones. In Europe, the single had divided responses. The single reached the top five in United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and Switzerland. It entered the top twenty in France, Finland and Switzerland, and top thirty in Austria.
Music video.
Directed by both Usher and music video director Chris Robinson, "My Boo" clip was filmed in New York City. The storyline of the video is a reflection of the song's lyrics. The footage starts with Usher in a living room watching a video for "Bad Girl", a song from "Confessions". The "Bad Girl" intro features Usher singing the song in a club setting while admiring a scantily-dressed woman. He turns the set off and slumps down on the sofa before laying on it with his foot propped up. After a moment of silent, nostalgic reflection, he begins to sing the intro of "My Boo". The video then shows him and Alicia Keys in their separate quarters, preparing to head out, while singing their part of the song. Usher eventually steps out on streets of New York; likewise, Keys is out in her car. She leaves the car and walks down the street, and the couple meet up in the middle of Times Square, cuddling each other and on the brink of kissing. The music video debuted on MTV's "Total Request Live" at number nine on September 16, 2004. It remained on the countdown for twenty-seven days, becoming the only "Confession" video to chart.
Usher recorded "My Boo" aside from Keys with various female artists. He collaborated with fellow R&B singer Brandy Norwood and Usher recorded their own version as well, which appeared on her fourth album "Afrodisiac". Brandy changed some of the lyrics, singing like having a conversation. However, neither of the two was included in the album. A remix of "My Boo" was also produced, featuring guest vocals from Nelly; however, Keys' part was omitted.

</doc>
<doc id="5980812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980812" title="Pauktuutit">
Pauktuutit

Pauktuutit is an organization in Canada that represents Inuit women. It was officially started in 1984 and is headquartered in Ottawa for easier access to the Parliament of Canada. Every Canadian Inuit woman is considered to be a member of Pauktuutit. Thus, no woman needs to pay for membership.
The organization is meant to promote social equality for Inuit women, children's rights, and the improvement of living conditions for Inuit women. It also strives to obtain a larger role for Inuit women in Canadian politics, to preserve Inuit culture, and to encourage personal independence among Inuit women. To these ends, Pauktuutit has spoken out against sexual abuse of children and physical abuse of women, and has been concerned with housing.
Similar organizations include the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, which represents all Inuit Canadians; there is also the Native Women's Association of Canada, which represents Aboriginal women, recognized by Pauktuutit as an ally. However, scholars have noted the Native Women's Association of Canada has enjoyed more representation in meetings of Canadian leaders than Pauktuutit.

</doc>
<doc id="5980816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980816" title="Ostrich guitar">
Ostrich guitar

The ostrich guitar or ostrich tuning is a type of trivial tuning. It assigns one note to all strings, e.g. E-E-e-e-e'-e' or D-D-D-D-d'-d'. The term "ostrich guitar" was coined by the Velvet Underground's Lou Reed after the pre-Velvet Underground song "The Ostrich" by Lou Reed and the Primitives, on which he first recorded using this tuning, the first known commercial composition to make use of a trivial guitar tuning.
Musical theory.
The trivial tuning is a regular tuning based on the unison musical interval, which has zero semitones. It assigns exactly one pitch class (for example D, A#, F or B) to all guitar-strings, tuned to the same note over two or three octaves. This creates an intense, chorused drone music, and interesting fingering potential. Among alternative tunings for the guitar, the trivial tuning is a regular and repetitive tuning. It is its own left-handed tuning.
Example.
To create a trivial D tuning from a standard guitar tuning:
Origins.
The term "ostrich guitar" was coined by Lou Reed in 1965 after the song "The Ostrich" by Lou Reed and the Primitives, on which he first used this tuning. John Cale, a collaborator with avant-garde composer La Monte Young, recognised the similarity between Reed's guitar tuning and Young's work involving drone music when he was hired to play Reed's song 'The Ostrich' as part of a fabricated touring group.
Reed and Cale began to collaborate and investigate the connections between ostrich tuning and drone music, as the band introduced new members (such as Angus MacLise, another student of La Monte Young) and became known as The Velvet Underground. Cale had composed and recorded 'Loop' in 1964, but which became the first EP released under this band name, composed of drones played on an electric viola, and the combination of both Cale's viola and Reed's guitar tunings would be an early hallmark of their work. Reed used ostrich tunings on the 1967 album "The Velvet Underground & Nico" on the songs "Venus in Furs" (appearing at the end of the song) and "All Tomorrow's Parties", which also included Cale playing drones on viola.
According to an interview with drummer Maureen Tucker in "What Goes On? No. 4", Reed's ostrich guitar was a guitar that had its frets removed, and was stolen shortly after the album sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="5980825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980825" title="River Cleddau">
River Cleddau

The River Cleddau () consists of the Eastern and Western Cleddau rivers in Pembrokeshire, west Wales. They unite to form the Daugleddau estuary, which forms the important harbour of Milford Haven.
The name of the combined estuary – the Daugleddau – means “the two Cleddaus”. The name Cleddau, whilst seeming to be a plural ('-au' generally denotes plurality in Welsh) comes from the Welsh word 'cleddyf' meaning 'sword' and refers perhaps to the manner in which both rivers are incised into the landscape of Pembrokeshire.
Eastern Cleddau.
The Eastern Cleddau rises in the foothills of Mynydd Preseli at Blaencleddau in the parish of Mynachlog-ddu. It flows southwest through a broad moorland valley to Gelli Mill, where the Syfnwy river joins it. It then flows south through a deep picturesque valley past Llawhaden and becomes tidal at Canaston Bridge, the lowest crossing point. The estuary joins that of the Western Cleddau at Picton Point . Length about 34 km of which about 7 km is tidal.
Western Cleddau.
The Western Cleddau has two branches: the eastern branch rises at Llygad Cleddau in the parish of Llanfair Nant y Gôf, 4 km south-east of Fishguard. It flows southwest past Scleddau, and meets the western branch at Priskilly . The western branch rises at Penysgwarne in the parish of Llanreithan and flows east to Priskilly. The combined stream flows through Wolf’s Castle, where it enters the spectacular 90 m deep Treffgarne gorge, cutting through the hard volcanic rocks of Treffgarne Mountain. It then flows south to Haverfordwest, where it becomes tidal, this being the lowest bridge crossing. The tidal estuary expands into a deep ria, and unites with the Eastern Cleddau estuary at Picton Point, to form the Daugleddau estuary. Length (Penysgwarne to Picton Point) about 40 km, of which about 9 km is tidal.
The Western Cleddau is an example of a “misfit” river: the valley is deep, often spectacularly so, although the stream that flows in it is small. The valley was formed at the end of the last Ice Age, when the River Teifi, swollen with melt waters, was prevented from flowing into the Irish Sea by an ice dam, and flowed instead westward through the valleys of the Nyfer and Gwaun, then south along the course of the Western Cleddau.
Historically, the tidal estuary enabled sea traffic to reach Haverfordwest. It was important also for the export of anthracite, which was mined on its west bank and shipped from Hook.
Daugleddau Estuary and Milford Haven.
The combined estuary – the Daugleddau - from Picton Point to the Blockhouses guarding the harbour entrance, is a massive ria which is deep and wide, but sufficiently serpentine to be sheltered from high winds and rough seas, and is thus an excellent natural harbour. Because it can easily accommodate supertankers of 300,000 tonnes and more, it became from 1957 an important centre of the oil industry, with Esso, BP, Texaco, Gulf Oil and Amoco operating terminals and oil refineries. In the mid-1970s, it became briefly the UK’s second biggest port in terms of tonnage. The Daugleddau and its several tributary tidal reaches are known collectively as Milford Haven. Length (from Picton Point to the Blockhouses) about 27 km.
Historically, the estuary gave seaborne access to castles such as Pembroke and Carew, allowing these to be used as depots in the Norman invasion of Ireland. It was important in the early Industrial Revolution, shipping anthracite from Llangwm, Landshipping and Crescelly, and limestone from Lawrenny and West Williamston. A small fishing industry operated from harbours such as Pill, Angle and Dale, but in 1790 the building of the new town of Milford commenced, and a large herring fishery grew up based on its docks. In its heyday, it became the UK’s seventh largest fishing port, operating several hundred fishing trawlers, but with exhaustion of inshore fishing grounds, the docks were too small for large ocean-going trawlers, and fishing is now virtually totally non-existent. Milford was originally built for a naval dockyard, but this project was transferred in 1814 to Pembroke Dock on the opposite side of the estuary, where it operated until closure in 1926. The town of Neyland, originally known as New Milford, was also purpose-built, this time by the Great Western Railway as a transatlantic shipping terminal. Its functions were largely transferred to Fishguard in the early 20th century.
Ecology.
Both branches of the Cleddau are noteworthy for their diverse aquatic ecology that has been largely untouched by man's activities. The rivers support otter populations and a wide variety if fish species including Lampreys. Because of this, a large stretch of both rivers' branches have been designated as SSSIs because they are:
" of special interest primarily for important populations of otter Lutra lutra, bullhead Cottus gobio, river lamprey Lampetra fluviatilis and brook lamprey Lampetra planeri. They are also of special interest for sea lamprey Petromyzon marinus; for the range of river habitats including beds of submerged aquatic plants often dominated by water-crowfoot Ranunculus spp., as well as a variety of associated riverside habitats. The tributaries included within this site are the Afon Cleddau, Nant-y-bugail, Afon Anghof, Nant-y-coy Brook, Spittal Brook, Rudbaxton Water, Camrose Brook , Cartlett Brook, Afon Wern, Llanycefn, Rhyd-afallen, Afon Syfynwy, Rhyd-y-Brown Brook, Ty-llosg Brook, Deepford Brook, Cotland Brook, Afon Conin, Pont Shan and Narberth Brook." 

</doc>
<doc id="5980829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980829" title="Euphoria (Canadian band)">
Euphoria (Canadian band)

Euphoria is a Canadian trance, techno, and electronica music project formed in Toronto in 1993 by Ken Ramm. The music groups has released three albums. 
Their 1999 self-titled effort featured guest appearances by Geddy Lee (Rush), Roy Babbington (Soft Machine), Anne Dudley (Art of Noise), and gospel singer Juliette Roberts. Euphoria gained popularity in 1999 when the track "Delirium" from the self-titled debut release broke onto North American radio charts. The album "Beautiful My Child" was released in early 2001. In 2006, Euphoria released their third album, "Precious Time", which featured full-length vocal tracks from singers Tracy Bonham and Tina Dico.
The group's music has been used on several television shows, for example "".

</doc>
<doc id="5980831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980831" title="Bridge probabilities">
Bridge probabilities

In the game of bridge mathematical probabilities play a significant role. Different declarer play strategies lead to success depending on the distribution of opponent's cards. To decide which strategy has highest likelihood of success, the declarer needs to have at least an elementary knowledge of probabilities.
The tables below specify the various prior probabilities, i.e. the probabilities in the absence of any further information. During bidding and play, more information about the hands becomes available, allowing players to improve their probability estimates.
Probability of suit distributions in two hidden hands.
This table represents the different ways that two to thirteen particular cards may be distributed, or may "lie" or "split", between two unknown 13-card hands (before the bidding and play, or "a priori").
The table also shows the number of combinations of particular cards that match any numerical split and the probabilities for each combination.
These probabilities follow directly from the law of Vacant Places.
Probability of HCP distribution.
High card points (HCP) are usually counted using the Milton Work scale of 4/3/2/1 points for each Ace/King/Queen/Jack respectively. The a priori probabilities that a given hand contains no more than a specified number of HCP is given in the table below. To find the likelihood of a certain point range, one simply subtracts the two relevant cumulative probabilities. So, the likelihood of being dealt a 12-19 HCP hand (ranges inclusive) is the probability of having at most 19 HCP minus the probability of having at most 11 hcp, or: 0.986 − 0.652 = 0.334.
Hand pattern probabilities.
A "hand pattern" denotes the distribution of the thirteen cards in a hand over the four suits. In total 39 hand patterns are possible, but only 13 of them have an "a priori probability" exceeding 1%. The most likely pattern is the 4-4-3-2 pattern consisting of two four-card suits, a three-card suit and a doubleton.
Note that the hand pattern leaves unspecified which particular suits contain the indicated lengths. For a 4-4-3-2 pattern, one needs to specify which suit contains the three-card and which suit contains the doubleton in order to identify the length in each of the four suits. There are four possibilities to first identify the three-card suit and three possibilities to next identify the doubleton. Hence, the number of "suit permutations" of the 4-4-3-2 pattern is twelve. Or, stated differently, in total there are twelve ways a 4-4-3-2 pattern can be mapped onto the four suits.
Below table lists all 39 possible hand patterns, their probability of occurrence, as well as the number of suit permutations for each pattern. The list is ordered according to likelihood of occurrence of the hand patterns.
The 39 hand patterns can by classified into four "hand types": balanced hands, three-suiters, two suiters and single suiters. Below table gives the "a priori" likelihoods of being dealt a certain hand-type.
Alternative grouping of the 39 hand patterns can be made either by longest suit or by shortest suit. Below tables gives the "a priori" chance of being dealt a hand with a longest or a shortest suit of given length.
Number of possible deals.
In total there are 53,644,737,765,488,792,839,237,440,000 (5.36 x 1028) different deals possible, which is equal to formula_1. The immenseness of this number can be understood by answering the question ""How large an area would you need to spread all possible bridge deals if each deal would occupy only one square millimeter?"". The answer is: "an area more than a hundred million times the total area of Earth".
Obviously, the deals that are identical except for swapping—say—the 2 and the 3 would be unlikely to give a different result. To make the irrelevance of small cards explicit (which is not always the case though), in bridge such small cards are generally denoted by an 'x'. Thus, the "number of possible deals" in this sense depends of how many non-honour cards (2, 3, .. 9) are considered 'indistinguishable'. For example, if 'x' notation is applied to all cards smaller than ten, then the suit distributions A987-K106-Q54-J32 and A432-K105-Q76-J98 would be considered identical.
The table below gives the number of deals when various numbers of small cards are considered indistinguishable.
Note that the last entry in the table (37,478,624) corresponds to the number of different distributions of the deck (the number of deals when cards are only distinguished by their suit).
Probability of Losing-Trick Counts.
The Losing-Trick Count is an alternative to the HCP count as a method of hand evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="5980833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980833" title="Quebec Route 397">
Quebec Route 397

Route 397 is a two-lane north/south highway located in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region in Quebec, Canada. It starts at the junction of Route 117 in Val-d'Or and ends at the junction of Route 113 in Lac-Despinassy. It is also concurrent with Route 386 in Barraute.

</doc>
<doc id="5980834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980834" title="Quebec Route 399">
Quebec Route 399

Route 399 is a short two-lane north/south highway located in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region in Quebec, Canada. It starts at the junction of Route 111 in Trécesson and ends in the village of Berry.

</doc>
<doc id="5980835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980835" title="Blow Up (EP)">
Blow Up (EP)

Blow Up is an extended play by the Australian electro house group, The Presets, the band's first release. It was released on 17 November 2003. Silverchair's lead guitarist Daniel Johns guests on three tracks and co-wrote "Cookie" with The Presets' members, Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes. Hamilton and Moyes also produced, mixed and engineered the album. "InTheMix" reviewer, EvilChris felt " is loaded up with just under 30 minutes of energetic sleaze-soaked and slightly sinister synth-driven rock designed to slither into your subconscious". Australian Music Online described the release as "a dirty dark soundtrack to sweaty clubs that reeked of sex and sweat and ... was electro pop delivered with rock'n'roll aggression." "Beat on / Beat Off" was released to radio as a single and received airplay on Triple J.

</doc>
<doc id="5980847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980847" title="ZIS-6">
ZIS-6

The ZIS-6 () is a Soviet general purpose 6×4 army cargo truck, a three-axle version of the ZIS-5 two-axle truck. It was built from 1933 until October 1941 at the Moscow Zavod imeni Stalina factory and reached a total production of 21,239. 
The robust and reliable base was used for many different bodies, for example as a searchlight truck or mobile workshop. But is best known for its role as the first multiple rocket launcher in July 1941. It was built by the "Compressor" Plant's Design Office during World War II (1941–45). Very few ZIS-6 trucks survive till today.
During early World War II the ZIS-6 served as the chassis of the original "Stalin Organ" "Katyusha" multiple rocket launcher, the BM-13. The ZIS-6 also served as the basis for the VVS-RKKA aircraft fueller BZ-ZIS-6.

</doc>
<doc id="5980855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980855" title="Huron Historic Gaol">
Huron Historic Gaol

The Huron Historic Gaol was established as the Huron County Gaol (Jail) for Upper Canada's Huron District. Clearing of the land began in Goderich, Ontario in 1839 and the jail was constructed between 1839 and 1842 using stone from the Maitland River Valley and from Michigan. The octagonal jail was designed by Thomas Young, modelled after Jeremy Bentham’s Panopticon design for prison construction, common in mid-19th century Britain and North America. 
A temporary courtroom and Council Chambers were set up on the jail’s third floor. It was in this makeshift Council Chamber that the first Huron District Council meeting was held on February 8, 1842. The third floor was also used for church services and other public gatherings before proper buildings were available. The building served the dual purpose of jail and courthouse until the construction of the county courthouse was completed in 1856, in the centre of Goderich’s Market Square. 
The site ceased functioning as a jail serving Huron County in 1972 and inmates were then transferred to Walkerton and Stratford jails. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1973.
Hangings.
Three inmates were hanged at the jail, with two of the hangings conducted publicly. On December 18, 1861 William Mahone was hanged outside the jail walls. An exterior wall of the jail was the location of the last public execution that occurred in Canada, when on December 7, 1869, Nicholas Melady was hanged for the murder of his father and stepmother. Edward Jardine was hanged privately on June 16, 1911.
Steven Truscott awaited execution in the Huron County Gaol from September 30, 1959, when he was convicted of murder, until his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment on January 22, 1960.
Museum.
The jail and adjoining early 20th century period governor's house opened to the public as a museum on Saturday June 29, 1974. The museum is open to the public from May to October and is owned and operated by the County of Huron. Admission is charged. The jail has been refurbished to its approximate state in Victorian times. There is a gift shop selling souvenirs of the jail and Huron County.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5980863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980863" title="Sunman (video game)">
Sunman (video game)

Sunman was a video game developed by EIM for Sunsoft for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992. Despite being mostly complete, it was never commercially released. Also, unlike most video games of this time, it was never even announced. Most cancelled games saw months' worth of publicity in video game magazines before fading off the game-watch radars.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is very similar to Sunsoft's Batman games, "Batman" and "", in that the character can run, jump, punch, and duck, although in this game the player can also fly simply by pushing up. There are also some side scrolling flying levels where you can shoot laser/heat vision from your eyes. The game is divided into five scenes with one-four areas with a boss at the end of each area.
History.
The game was originally entitled Superman but after Sunsoft lost its release, it was changed to Sunman. The game features a superhero, named "Sunman". He is very reminiscent of Superman with his cape, and flying abilities, as well as the games title screen seems to match that of the Superman logo. Sunsoft's involvement with other DC Comics character licenses lead some to speculate that that "Sunman" was intended to be a Superman game, but DC for whatever reason decided not to go along and the game had some changes made to lose the likeness. In an interview with planner/director Kenji Eno, it was confirmed that this was originally intended to be a Superman game.
The game was obtained by The Lost Levels, a website that specializes in unreleased and prototype video games, from a European collector without any information on what it was. It was to much surprise to discover an unannounced, unreleased game that can be functionally played through from start to finish. The game was made available for play as a ROM for use with an NES emulator. The early, rough prototype of the ROM was also made for release on The Lost Levels, and it indeed had sprites of Superman as the original sprites for the main character, and the background music played in-game replaced with John Williams's Superman Theme.
Another unreleased Sunsoft cart in the US can be made to confirm that this was indeed "Superman 2" originally, as the levels are identical to "Sunman", however they are in a less finished form, and the player is able to skip levels by pausing and pressing the select button.

</doc>
<doc id="5980866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980866" title="Butlins Redcoats">
Butlins Redcoats

Redcoat is the name given to frontline staff at Butlins holiday camps in the UK. A Redcoat has duties ranging from adult entertainer or children's entertainer to stewarding.
History.
The first Redcoat was Norman Bradford. When Sir Billy Butlin opened his first Butlins in Skegness he realised that the his guests were not engaging with activities in the way he had envisioned, most kept to themselves, and others look bored. He asked Norman (who was engaged as an engineer constructing the camp) to take on the duty of entertaining the guests which he did with a series of ice breakers and jokes. By the end of the night the camp was buzzing and the Butlins atmosphere was born.
The same night Butlin decided that for his camp to work he would require an army of people to carry out the same job as Norman, and the role of Redcoat was formed.
Uniform.
To make his new army stand out, Butlin asked Norman to purchase a uniform. Norman later returned with a jacket in the camp colours of, blue, primrose yellow and white; however, Butlin found the look to be too authoritarian and decided they should wear red blazers with white lapels and the Redcoat uniform was born. The first uniforms were made by Billie Ditchfield who became one of the first two female Redcoats (the other was Kay Berry).
Over the years the uniform has changed several times, but has always retained the core component of a red blazer (despite a proposal to replace them with red jumpsuits in the 1970s). In the 1960s and 1970s, braid and badges were added to the blazers. Famous designers such as Jeff Banks and Zandra Rhodes have redesigned the uniforms. To mark Butlins 75th anniversary, the uniform was re-designed very similar to the original design consisting of Red Blazer with dark braiding and a badge with the letters "BHC" on (standing for "Butlins Holiday Camps") and white trousers or skirt. This uniform was only worn throughout 2011 for the anniversary celebration, before a new uniform, designed by Hannah Clayton, was selected and is currently worn by the Reds today. Redcoats have two uniforms, the traditional formal uniform (called their number one) and a new casual outfit (their number twos to match their additional role as children's entertainers.
Recruitment and training.
The Redcoats undergo a tough selection process. Despite this they are still paid only minimum wage and members of the 'triple threat' cast team (such as the skyline gang) are paid a considerable amount more. Recruitment roadshows are held nationally and prospective redcoats have to show potential in a range of fields including dancing and singing.
In 1999 Butlins Introduced the now defunct Butlins ‘Academies of Excellence’ to train Redcoats. However, this has since been replaced with a 6 week training course. There is also the option of a foundation degree in either musical theatre, or Technical Skills for the Arts and Leisure Industry Training includes aspects of direction and production and time spent as a Butlins Redcoat counts toward membership of Equity.
Roles.
Redcoats work in three areas, General duties, the Kid's Club and the costume character team. General duties are similar to those of a tour rep in a resort - Butlins even describe the role as "The Original Holiday Rep" In the evening the Redcoats form part of the live entertainment team, starring in Gangshows and X-Factor style game shows. Throughout the years, Redcoats have been expected to lead ballroom dances, stage and judge competitions, and steward theatrical performances as well as meeting and greeting guests in public areas. Redcoats run the children's clubs which provide sporting activities, competitions and arts and crafts. Each redcoat will have many different roles to fulfil in any given week.
Similar staff.
Whilst Butlins remained the largest holiday camp chain in the UK, smaller camps copied the redcoat style of staffing, in the 1960s Fred Pontin adopted the Bluecoat to represent at Pontins holiday camps and at some point Harry Warner decided Warners' holiday camps should adopt the Greencoat.
Media appearances.
The ITV series Redcoats was a docusoap following the lives of Redcoats at Butlins Minehead and Bognor resorts. Over three series of 30-minute episodes, it shows the selection process, the Redcoats entertaining the visitors and life behind the scenes. The series was made by Pilgrim Productions.
In fiction.
The BBC television series "Hi-de-Hi!" was written by former Butlins employees Jimmy Perry (a Redcoat) and David Croft (summer show actor) featured the Yellowcoats as a fictional analogy. The title of the show ""Hi-de-Hi"" originated with Norman Bradford who claimed to have taken it from an American Film, he began using this as a cheer to which the audience spontaneously responded ""Ho-de-Ho"".
Another BBC television series, "Doctor Who", featured an episode entitled "Delta and the Bannermen", which was set in the fictitious Shangri-La holiday camp (in reality the Butlins camp at Barry Island) coming under alien attack. As with the real camp, Shangri-La was staffed with Redcoats played by extras.
Notable Redcoats.
A number of entertainers have been Redcoats in the early stages of their careers. Becoming a Redcoat is seen as a way into show business, as it allows a performer to become established as a professional for the purposes of joining the Equity trade union which then allows the performer to work freely throughout the industry. In exceptional cases a Redcoat may even become notable whilst in the employment of Butlins; Stephen Mulhern notably performed on the Royal Variety Performance in 1997 whilst still working as a Red coat, and in the past notable singers have had chart hits. Clinton Ford, for instance, reached number 27 in 1959 with Old Shep just after completing his final summer season at Pwllheli. However prior to this in 1957 Russ Hamilton recorded a number 2 hit in the UK "We Will Make Love" (held off the top spot by Elvis Presley and All Shook Up). Shortly after this he recorded a number 4 hit in the U.S. Billboard with the song "Rainbow", and all the time Russ continued to entertain Butlins guests. It was Billy Butlin himself who asked Russ to record "We Will Make Love" for the benefit of Butlins guests.
Other artists have gone on to find success building on the skills they learned as a Redcoat, such as Des O'Connor, Jimmy Tarbuck, and Michael Barrymore. The role is an important part of the entertainment and tourism culture of the United Kingdom, and even today former redcoats are regularly identified in the press and in books by this role even though it may only have been a small part of their career.
Another famous Redcoat is Ted Rogers, a comedian mostly famous as the presenter of the variety/game show 3-2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="5980870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980870" title="Girl and the Sea">
Girl and the Sea

"Girl and the Sea" is the first single by The Presets, from their debut album "Beams". The vocals for the song were sung by Julian Hamilton and recorded by The Presets in Kim Moyes' small apartment bathroom. The song was featured in the TV series The O.C.

</doc>
<doc id="5980872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980872" title="German submarine U-470">
German submarine U-470

German submarine "U-470" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built for service in the Second World War. She was a very short-lived vessel, being commissioned in the months following the turning point of the Atlantic campaign and thus into a time in which many U-boats were being lost. The demise of "U-470" was especially notable as she was sunk with two of her sisters in a brief melée in the waters of the Western Approaches.
Built by the Deutsche Werke shipyards in Kiel, "U-470" took a long time to complete, not being ready for initial working-up operations until a year after her construction began. She was given to "Oberleutnant zur See" Günther-Paul Grave, a highly experienced submarine officer, who led her through her training and mechanical trials and readied the boat for her active career, a difficult six month process.
War Patrol.
"U-470"s only war patrol was an unlucky affair. After a difficult passage round the British Isles, "U-470" received orders to join and to form a wolfpack to attack Convoy ON-206 in the Western Approaches to the English Channel. On 16 October, just 18 days after leaving Bergen in Norway, a patrolling aircraft spotted "U-470" with her sister boats whilst still a long distance from their targets. The aircraft radioed back to base, and soon a whole swarm of British Royal Air Force B-24 Liberator bombers from 59 and 120 Squadrons had descended on the trio, who decided to battle it out on the surface rather than dive, which would have made them easy targets for depth charges.
Over the course of the next several hours, the Liberators attacked the U-boats again and again, losing two of their number to anti-aircraft fire, one with all aboard and the other with two fatalities amongst the crew. The submarines, however, were suffering much worse, and gradually all three were sunk, "U-470" going down with 46 hands including the captain, only two being picked-up later off rafts by allied ships. The aircraft had reported 15 survivors in the water, but many of them did not find buoyancy supports and drowned over the next few hours.

</doc>
<doc id="5980909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980909" title="City Terminal Zone">
City Terminal Zone

The City Terminal Zone is the name given to a collection of rail lines of the Long Island Rail Road in New York City. Specifically, it refers to all stations that lie in fare zone 1 (except for Mets – Willets Point on the Port Washington Branch), which is the set of stations west of Jamaica.
Stations.
Routes.
In the near future, the City Terminal Zone will include a branch to Grand Central Terminal as a part of the East Side Access project. A new station in Sunnyside, Queens will be built once the remainder of the project is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="5980938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980938" title="USS Cinnabar (IX-163)">
USS Cinnabar (IX-163)

USS "Cinnabar" (IX-163), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for cinnabar. Her keel was laid down in 1944. She was acquired on a loan-charter basis from the War Shipping Administration and placed in service at San Francisco, California, on 26 September 1944. 
Service history.
She was assigned to the Pacific Fleet, and in November 1944 departed the West Coast in tow for Pearl Harbor. With Service Squadron 8, and later Service Squadron 10, she issued general stores to advanced bases at Eniwetok, Espiritu Santo, Ulithi, Leyte, and was en route to Okinawa during the typhoon at sea 30 September to 2 October. On 9 October 1945 during Typhoon Louise she went aground at Baten Ko, Buckner Bay, Okinawa. She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 3 January 1946, returned to her owner at Okinawa, and subsequently sold.

</doc>
