<doc id="5990881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990881" title="List of composers for the classical guitar (chronological)">
List of composers for the classical guitar (chronological)

This is a list of composers for the classical guitar in chronological order. For a list in alphabetical order see List of composers for the classical guitar and For a list by nationality see List of composers for the classical guitar (nationality).

</doc>
<doc id="5990890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990890" title="Cascina Valdera A.S.D.">
Cascina Valdera A.S.D.

Cascina Valdera Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica is an Italian association football club located in Cascina, Tuscany. It currently plays in Promozione Toscana.
History.
Cascina.
The club was founded in 1924 as "Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Cascina Calcio".
It has played in Serie D in the 1998-99 season and from 2001-02 to 2007-08 season.
Cascina Valdera.
In the summer 2013 Cascina was merged with "Valdera Calcio Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica" and was renamed with the current name.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are black and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5990892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990892" title="John S. Bowen (executive)">
John S. Bowen (executive)

John (Jack) S. Bowen (born circa 1927) is an American advertising executive and Advertising Hall of Fame inductee. He was CEO of D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles.
He oversaw the merger of Benton & Bowles and D'Arcy MacManus Masius, then ushered in their drive toward globalization. He was inducted into the hall of fame following his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="5990894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990894" title="Schönau (Odenwald)">
Schönau (Odenwald)

Schönau is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the Odenwald hills, 10 km northeast of Heidelberg. Schönau Abbey is located here.

</doc>
<doc id="5990902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990902" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1941">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1941

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1941 according to "Billboard magazine". 
The "National List of Best Selling Retail Records" was the first to poll retailers nationwide on record sales.
The new chart was advertised as a "trade service feature," based on the "10 best selling records of the past week" at a selection of national retailers from New York to Los Angeles.
Shown is a list of songs that scored highest on the National List of Best Selling Retail Records chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5990908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990908" title="Marius Bunescu">
Marius Bunescu

Marius Bunescu (14 May 1881 – 31 March 1971) was a Romanian painter, organizer of the National Museum of Art, and director of the Anastase Simu Museum.
Bunescu was born at Caracal. He died in Bucharest and is buried in the Romanian Orthodox Bellu Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5990920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990920" title="Stanford Lake College">
Stanford Lake College

Stanford Lake College is an independent, co-educational, day and boarding high school located in the Magoebaskloof area of the Limpopo Province of South Africa. The college is situated at the edge of Troutbeck Lake and Stanford Lake, and across from the Ebenezer Dam in the mountains of the Wolkberg, part of the northern Drakensberg range. The slopes are covered with indigenous forest as well as large tracts of pine forests, the most important feature of the Magoebaskloof.
Stanford Lake College is a full member of the Independent Schools Association of Southern Africa (ISASA) and of the International Round Square Organisation.
Environment.
Stanford Lake College is located on the edge of two lakes and is surrounded by forest. This allows for a different sort of education to take place. The College has facilities such as an adventure centre ("The dad Centre") and a 15 m tall climbing tower.Kayaking and canoeing take place on
Academic Programme.
The college writes the IEB examinations but has added to the traditional academic programme seen in most schools in South Africa. Instead it includes the "dad" (dream an' do) programme along with traditional classes during grades 8 - 10. The dad programme focuses on developing self-confidence along with skills needed in the modern world including problem solving, communication skills and risk taking opportunities
Boarding.
The College has four Boarding Houses. 
The boarding houses are run by a senior houseparent, deputy-houseparent and a Grade 12 pupil who is elected as Head of House by the members of his/her house.
Extracurricular.
As well as running a 'traditional' sports programme with sports such as Hockey, Rugby, Cricket, Soccer, Swimming and Tennis, the college has an extracurricular programme offering sports such as Rock Climbing, Kayaking, Orienteering and Golf. The other co-curricular activities include Chess, Bridge, debating and community service projects, in accordance with the Round Square IDEALS, such as paired reading and The SMILE Program which assists in teaching local children English.
The college Interact club was started by Ashleigh van Niekerk in 2006. The club is supported by the Haenertsburg Rotary club and is thus named Haenertsburg Interact. The aim is to raise funds for local charities or people in need, the annual funds go to the president's choice of organisation. Interact has three main fund raisers during the year: they participate in the Rotary Ebenezer Mile as well as host a "Junior Bright Sparks" quiz competition for junior schools and a 24hr swim/triathlon.
Leadership.
Stanford Lake College runs itself on a multi-tiered leadership system that allows the Matric pupils to have a hand in the running of the school.
This system is (in increasing order of power)
Matric Committees and SRC.
There are five committees, each chaired by an elected Matric and including seven to ten additional Matrics and a staff coordinator. These committees are
The SRC comprises two pupils from each Grade, elected by their grade - except for the Matrics who are directly represented by the Deputy Head Boy and Girl
Head Prefects.
The Head Boy, Head Girl and their Deputies are elected each year by the student and staff bodies. Until the election for the 2007 Head Prefects the voting was weighted such that the entire school's vote counts ⅓, the staff vote counts ⅓ and the incoming and outgoing Matric group together's vote counts ⅓. The votes are now all equal due to the Democracy input of Round Square. The Head Prefects serve for a year from the Valediction Ceremony preceding their own Matric year until the Valediction Ceremony of their Matric Year at which they hand over office.
Alumni Network.
Being a young school, Stanford Lake College does not have a large alumni network. Mrs Wendy Willson, the school matron, is the Alumni director and she maintains contact with past pupils. However past pupil days such as old boys rugby are not organised as yet. The school has a small alumni website.

</doc>
<doc id="5990922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990922" title="Hasse Jeppson">
Hasse Jeppson

Hans "Hasse" Jeppson (10 May 1925 – 21 February 2013) was a Swedish football striker. He was known for his impressive goals to games ratio at several clubs, most of his career was spent with Napoli in Italy. Jeppson also played for Sweden and helped them to a third place finish in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
Club football career.
He began his career with Djurgårdens IF, transferring to Charlton Athletic where he played 11 matches in 1951, before moving to Italy to join Atalanta (1951–1952). Jeppson was the second Swedish player to be transferred to an English team, after Dan Ekner at Portsmouth.
He then moved to Napoli (1952–56) and Torino F.C. (1956–57) in the 1950s. In 1951 was bought from Atalanta. In 1952 he was sold to Napoli for 105 million lira, a new world record transfer-fee (for this reason the Napoli's fans nicknamed him "o' banco e' napule", "the bank of Naples"). Jeppson played for Napoli from 1952 to 1956 scoring 52 goals. In 1956 Jeppson was sold to Torino. He retired in 1957.
International.
Jeppson played the 1950 FIFA World Cup for Sweden scoring two goals. He played 12 games in all for the Sweden national football team. His Swedish nickname was "Hasse Guldfot" (Hasse Goldenfoot).

</doc>
<doc id="5990929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990929" title="LNER Thompson Class L1">
LNER Thompson Class L1

The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Thompson Class L1 was a class of 2-6-4T steam locomotives designed by Edward Thompson. The prototype no. 9000 was built in 1945, but the remaining 99 were built under British Railways jurisdiction in the period 1948-1950. The information in the infobox (right) is taken from Ian Allan ABC.
Overview.
The class, at least on paper, should have been very free steaming and powerful engines but, in practice, they were not suited to the work to which they were assigned. The engines had 5' 2" wheels, which would give them excellent power at low speed, such as that required for freight work, but these engines were intended for passenger use. The speeds required for suburban passenger work wore the engines out in a remarkably short time. Axleboxes, crosshead slides and crank bearings all suffered due to the high speeds.
Modifications.
In an attempt to reduce wear, two experiments were tried. In May 1951, five locomotives had liners fitted to their cylinders to reduce the cylinder bore from 20 in to 18¾ in. In March 1953, five locomotives had their boiler pressure reduced from 225 psi to 200 psi. Neither experiment was a success.
Numbering.
Sources were used to compile the following table:
Withdrawal.
Withdrawals were between 1960 and 1962. None survived to preservation.
Modelling.
Hornby produces the L1 class in 00 gauge with a number of different liveries, both green with LNER or BR 
running numbers, and black with BR running numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5990932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990932" title="Punch perm">
Punch perm

A is a type of tightly permed male hairstyle in Japan. From the 1970s until the mid-1990s, it was popular among yakuza, chinpira (low-level criminals), bōsōzoku (motorcycle gang members), truck drivers, construction workers, and enka singers. The punch perm began to fall out of usage as a result of its general association with the yakuza, as well as normal fashion trends. The style is similar to the Jheri curl, which was popular in the USA during roughly the same time frame, but the curls in a punch perm are much tighter.
History.
The hair style was invented by Shigemi Naganuma, a Japanese barber at the hair salon Naganuma in Kokurakita-ku, Kitakyūshū in the 1960s. He based the style on black people's hair. Naganuma became an apprentice barber at age of 19 and became independent at age of 26. At that time, hair irons were round and could not hold the hair tightly. Naganuma modified the iron by filing it into a hexagonal shape, like a pencil, which created a tighter hold. He originally named the style "champion press", however, it came to be called "punch perm". According to one theory, the name is because of its punchy and powerful appearance.
Variations.
A variation of the punch perm that is worn primarily by bōsōzoku is called "aippa": both sides of the forehead are shaved to create a cross between widow's peak, an afro, and an exaggerated sculpted early 1960s pompadour. 
Another variant is the "iron perm". While a punch perm is created with rollers and chemicals, an iron perm is created with a heated curling iron. This hair style often involves singeing the hair.

</doc>
<doc id="5990938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990938" title="ZIL 131">
ZIL 131

The ZIL-131 is a general purpose 3.5 tons 6x6 army truck designed in the Soviet Union by ZIL. The basic model being a general cargo truck. Variants include a tractor-trailer truck, a dump truck, a fuel truck, and a 6x6 for towing a 4-wheeled powered trailer. The ZIL-131 also serves as a platform for the 9P138 rocket launcher, a 30-tube variant of the BM-21 "Grad".
The ZIL-131 has a civilian version the ZIL-130, both were introduced in 1967 as a family of two trucks sharing identical components. The ZIL-131 6x6 has the same equipment as the GAZ-66 and Ural-375D.
The ZIL-130/131 was in production at the "AMUR" truck plant (as the AMUR 531340), with both gasoline and diesel engines, until 2012 when Anur shut down and filed for bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="5990941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990941" title="San Jose Sky Rockets">
San Jose Sky Rockets

The San Jose Sky Rockets were a 2005-2006 expansion team in the American Basketball Association (ABA). The team switched leagues from the ABA to the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) over the spring of 2006 and was relocated to Minot, North Dakota.
External links.
The team website is www.sjskyrockets.com.
Their public address announcer was Steve Kaye.

</doc>
<doc id="5990945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990945" title="King of Thorn">
King of Thorn

A feature anime film adaptation produced by Sunrise and directed by Kazuyoshi Katayama was released on May 1, 2010.
Plot.
"King of Thorn" is a science fiction survivor drama. For its most part, the story is viewed through the eyes of the two protagonists, a Japanese girl named Kasumi and a British man named Marco Owen. Kasumi is introduced as one of only 160 people in the whole world who were chosen as candidates to experiment a cure against the deadly "Medusa" virus, a mortal disease which was running rampant in the world. Such an event is not met with joy by Kasumi, who is forced to enter treatment and cold sleep without her twin sister Shizuku, whom she cares much about.
48 hours later, however, some of those put in hibernation abruptly woke up, only to find the facility where they were supposed to be treated in a total state of decay, invaded by a lush jungles of trees and especially strange vines covered in thorns, which appear to have something of a mind on their own. Not only that, but the survivors soon discover that the entire ruin is filled with strange, dinosaur-like creatures and other monstrous aberrations of nature. Thinking that a great amount of time passed since their arrival on the island, soon the survivors discover not only that their sleep was indeed too short to label such dramatic changes as natural occurrence, but also that the situation in and of itself is far greater than they could imagine.
The Medusa Virus.
One pivotal role in the series is that covered by the Medusa virus, a mortal disease so named after the Medusa from Greek Mythology, the Gorgon whose eyesight could turn anyone and anything into stone at a mere glance. The virus itself is extremely virulent, infecting its victims' cells and causing seizures while drying up the body, turning the infected into a solid, stone-like corpse.
While perceived as a terrible malady by the world, in reality the Medusa virus is not a virus at all, being a shapeless presence brought to Earth from outer space. It landed in Siberia during a meteor shower, by chance near a young boy and his pet deer, enough to instantly infect both him and his animal. Unknowingly bringing the concentrated thing to his home, he infected his whole family and his sister Alice. She unknowingly uncovered the true nature of Medusa when her imaginary friend, a cat-boy hybrid, came to life by erupting from her back. Terrified by the death of her family and the fact that the newborn creature devoured her brother's deer, she trapped it in her house and set it on fire, thus spreading Medusa all over the world through the fire's smoke.
It was then that the people affiliated with Venus Gate, a religious sect, showed themselves and approached Alice, believing her ability to turn imagination into reality to be a gift from the heavens. Experimenting on her and Medusa, during that time they employed a hacker named Zeus as their security specialist, though in doing so they doomed themselves when he, pursuing his crazy dreams, developed an artificial way to force dreams into suitable hosts and, thus, fabricate mind-created realities at will to accomplish his plan to force the world into a primal "survival game" to amuse himself.
Media.
Manga.
"King of Thorn" was serialized by Enterbrain in "Monthly Comic Beam" from October 2002 to October 2005, and collected in six bound volumes. It is published in North America by Tokyopop, in Germany and Hungary by Tokyopop Germany, in France by Soleil, in Italy by Flashbook, and in Spain by Glénat.
The Japanese volume 4 was also released in a special edition (ISBN 4-7577-1988-4) including a limited edition figurine of Kasumi.
Film.
An anime film adaptation produced by Kadokawa Pictures premiered on May 1, 2010 in Japan and was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in Japan on October 27, 2010 and worldwide in November 2010. The film was directed by Kazuyoshi Katayama from a script written by Katayama and Hiroshi Yamaguchi, with characters designed by Hidenori Matsubara and monsters designed by Kenji Andou. 
The film retains the same characters from the manga, but it takes major liberties when it comes to the plot and storyline. All of the main characters' backstories are drained down and their different storylines are changed from their counterparts in the manga. Zeus, who is a major antagonist in the manga, does not appear in the film. Alice, the young Russian girl, does make an appearance, but is deceased in present time. The film also has a different ending from the manga.
The ending song for the film is "Edge of This World" by Misia.
The anime has been licensed by Funimation Entertainment in North America, Manga Entertainment in the UK and Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand.
Reception.
The English edition of "King of Thorn" was named by the Young Adult Library Services Association as among the 10 best graphic novels for teens for 2008. Volume one was praised by "Publishers Weekly" as "a gripping entry in the genre of violent survivor manga," and praised Iwahara's art for conveying the character's claustophobia without confusing the reader. Theron Martin of Anime News Network found both the writing and artwork effectively convey the characters' tension and danger, but claimed that Iwahara's borrowing elements from many sources did not initially create an original work, but that as the series progresses it "offer some intriguing twists on sci fi and horror gimmicks." Iwahara's art was singled out for praise, especially for conveying action scenes. The film was nominated for the 4th Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Animated Feature Film.

</doc>
<doc id="5990947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990947" title="Area code 828">
Area code 828

In the North American Numbering Plan, 828 is the telephone area code for most of the western third of the U.S. state of North Carolina. It includes all of the Blue Ridge Mountains, as well as most of the Foothills. The largest city in the 828 territory is Asheville. The city of Hickory is often grouped with the Charlotte metropolitan area, but uses 828 rather than Charlotte's 704 and 980. 
828 was split from 704 in 1998 to free up numbers because of the popularity of pagers and cell phones.
Cities and Towns.
Among the cities and towns found within the 828 area code are: Asheville, Conover, Hendersonville, Hickory, Lenoir, Marion, Morganton, and Newton.
Other communities using 828 include:

</doc>
<doc id="5990948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990948" title="Schönau im Schwarzwald">
Schönau im Schwarzwald

Schönau im Schwarzwald is a town in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the Black Forest, on the river Wiese, northeast of Basel, Switzerland, and south of Freiburg. It is also the birthplace of current Germany men's football coach Joachim Löw.

</doc>
<doc id="5990949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990949" title="Mississippi Athletic Conference">
Mississippi Athletic Conference

The Mississippi Athletic Conference (MAC Conference) is a high school athletic conference whose members are located in the Iowa Quad-Cities, plus three other schools in eastern and southeastern Iowa.
Member schools.
There are 10 full members of the Mississippi Athletic Conference. Nine of those schools are in Class 4A, Iowa's largest enrollment class. The smallest — Davenport Assumption — is in Class 3A (the second largest among Iowa's four enrollment classes); however, Assumption does play with the Class 4A schools in football and boys' golf.
Sports.
The conference offers the following sports:
Although the member schools field freshman — and in some cases, junior varsity — teams in many of the above-mentioned sports, conference championships are determined at sophomore and varsity levels only. Also, not all schools field teams in every sport (e.g., North Scott does not have its own swimming teams).
History.
The MAC — as it is known to locals — was formed in 1978. Charter members Bettendorf, Clinton and Muscatine had been members of the Mississippi Valley Conference, while Davenport schools Assumption, Central and West were part of the Quad-City Metro Conference. North Scott, which was participating in its first "big school" conference, had been in the Big Bend Conference (along with several smaller schools), and Burlington was not affiliated with any conference. At the time, the conference was known as the "Mississippi Eight."
Davenport North opened its doors in 1985 and was immediately admitted to the newly renamed MAC. Pleasant Valley became a part-time member in 1985, although it didn't compete in football, basketball, wrestling, baseball or softball until 1987 when the school became a full-fledged member.
Basketball rivalries with Illinois Western Big 6.
In December, seven MAC teams — Davenport North, Davenport West, Davenport Central, Davenport Assumption, North Scott, Bettendorf and Pleasant Valley — compete in the annual Genesis PSP Shootout, a competition matching the Iowa schools against six teams from the Illinois Quad-Cities. The Illinois teams are Moline, United Township (of East Moline), Rock Island, Rock Island Alleman, and Galesburg, all representing the Western Big 6 Conference; the other participating teams are Geneseo and Riverdale of Port Byron, Illinois. No champion is crowned, although matchups are generally determined based on pre-season polls and past successes of the competing teams, with the two teams believed to be the "best" in the pre-season polls playing in the last game of the day.
A similar six-game shootout competition for the girls takes place in January at Black Hawk College in Moline; the same six MAC schools compete against the metro Western Big Six schools, plus Geneseo and other schools from western Illinois.
In March, after the conclusion of the state basketball tournaments in Iowa and Illinois, an all-star game consisting of the area's top senior players is played at Augustana College, with seniors from primarily the MAC matched against their counterparts from the Western Big Six. Boys and girls games are played, with an MVP named for each game.

</doc>
<doc id="5990953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990953" title="Rent assessment committee">
Rent assessment committee

A rent assessment committee is a tribunal in England and Wales set up under the rent acts whose main task is to assess fair and market rents of properties referred to it.
There is a statutory right of appeal to the High Court of England and Wales and thence to the Court of Appeal.
On the formation of the Residential Property Tribunal Service as a result of the Housing Act 2004 the Rent Assessment Committee became part of that body for administrative purposes.
Jurisdiction.
A rent assessment committee has the following jurisdictions:
Membership.
A Rent Assessment Committee normally consists of two or three persons from the local Rent Assessment Panel selected by the President (or in their absence a Vice-President) of the Panel. At least one member, who will chair the Committee must be a President or Vice-President of the Panel or a lawyer appointed by the Lord Chancellor.
The President or Vice-President of a Panel may direct that certain cases, or classes of cases, may be heard by a single chairman sitting alone and any application to cancel a registered rent because the property is no longer subject to a restricted contract will be heard by a single Chairman.
Appeals.
An appeal may be made, usually on a point of law only, to the High Court of England and Wales. The Tribunal may also be required to sign and state a case for the opinion of the High Court. There is an approved procedure for such an appeal. Appeals on points of law are made to the Administrative Court of the High Court using a Part 8 Claim Form with the appropriate fee. Appeals may also be made on procedural irregularities by way of Judicial Review. A further appeal may then be made to the Court of Appeal of England and Wales.
Procedure.
Procedure is informal and there are few procedural rules. The procedure is governed by the Rent Assessment Committees (England and Wales) Regulations 1971 (SI 1065/1971), which has been amended a number of times since.
The first stage will be for the committee to establish whether it has jurisdiction in the matter. This will often be done by administrative staff. In cases where the administrative staff do not believe that they have jurisdiction they will refer the matter to the RAC to determine this point. The RAC will accept representations either on paper or in person.
Assuming that the Committee accepts that it has the necessary jurisdiction to make a decision it will set down the matter for a hearing. Any of the involved parties can ask that the RAC hears evidence at the hearing to support their case although they are required to do so at least 28 days before the hearing date itself.
In cases where the RAC is being asked to decide on a market rent, and in other cases where it seems appropriate, the Committee members will seek to visit the property in question. They will usually do this on the morning of the day scheduled for the hearing.

</doc>
<doc id="5990955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990955" title="Thotti Jaya">
Thotti Jaya

Thotti Jaya is an Indian film released in 2005. It was written and directed by Durai. The soundtrack was composed by Harris Jayaraj.The film received positive reviews and was declared as a super hit.
Plot.
Jayachandran (Simbu) Mukut Pal is an orphan working in a hotel as a helper. It is assumed he gets his title name "Thotti Jaya" as he is found in a garbage bin as an infant. One day he beats and fends off a man who gets into a squbble with the hotel owner. The following night the hotel owner rewards him with cash and dreads him the next morning. He realizes people only respect people they fear. So he walks out from the hotel and reaches chennai. He is spotted by Seena Thana (Pradeep Rawat) and hired as a hench man.In an incident, Jaya gets entangled in a political and police trap. To escape from police, Jaya slips to Calcutta and goes into hiding. Meanwhile Brinda (Gopika), a college lass from Kanyakumari comes to Calcutta on a tour along with her friends. Pimps operating in the red light area of Calcutta take away Brinda. Jaya accidentally meets Brinda when she tries to escape from the gang. He helps Brinda escape from the gang and takes her safely to Kanyakumari. On her way back home by train, Brinda starts admiring Jaya's niceties and gradually falls in love with him. When she expresses her desire, Jaya reciprocates her love, and both decide to enter into wedlock but little does he know that Brindha is actually the daughter of Seena Thana. Jaya takes away Brinda from her house and thus, earns the wrath of Seena Thana. Angered by this, Seena Thana summons his rowdy gangs and plots to bump off Thotti Jaya. How Thottijaya accomplishes his hopes of marrying Brinda is told in the remaining part of the story.
Production.
After finishing "Sachein",Kalaipuli Thanu approved the plotline of narrated by V. Z. Durai. Durai wanted Jeevan to play lead role and also conducted test shoots with him but director was not impressed with his performance he replaced him with Simbhu. Thanu was initially reluctant to have him as lead actor since Thanu had misunderstandings with his father T. Rajender during the time of "Coolikaaran", later he made up his mind. Nayanthara was initially selected as heroine but she was replaced with Gopika. Simbhu refused to dub for the film after shooting citing salary problems, the problem was resolved in Tamilnadu Producers Council.
Soundtrack.
There are six songs composed by Harris Jayaraj collaborated with Durai for first and only time. Lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar, Thamarai, kapilan. Yuvan Shankar Raja, who was first signed as the music director, composed one song for the film, not included in the soundtrack and is credited in the title card. "Yaaridamum" was re-used from Harris's own song "Ye Chilipi" from Telugu film "Gharshana", remake of "Kaakha Kaakha".

</doc>
<doc id="5990967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990967" title="Mike Donald">
Mike Donald

Michael William Donald (born July 11, 1955) is an American professional golfer. 
Donald was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He won 1974 National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) title while playing at Broward Community College and also attended Georgia Southern University. 
Donald's sole win on the PGA Tour was the 1989 Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic. He lost on the first playoff hole in sudden-death to Hale Irwin at the 1990 U.S. Open in Medinah, Illinois, after they had both finished the 18-hole playoff in 74. Donald missed a 15-foot par putt on the 18th hole of the Monday playoff which would have given him victory.
In the 1990 Masters Tournament Donald tied the record for the lowest opening round score in the history of the tournament, shooting an 8-under-par 64 to equal the lowest first round at Augusta by Lloyd Mangrum in 1940. Donald described his 64 at Augusta as "the round of my life" but followed it up with a second round of 82. He finished the tournament in 47th place.
In 2005, Donald turned 50 and joined the Champions Tour. His best finish on this tour was a T-24 at the 2008 FedEx Kinko's Classic.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="5990968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990968" title="List of schools in Tulsa, Oklahoma">
List of schools in Tulsa, Oklahoma

List of schools in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States:
Districts.
Public K-12.
Tulsa Public Schools is the largest school district in Oklahoma. Each of the public districts in the county has a single high school, except for Tulsa Public Schools, which has nine. The Tulsa district also includes several charter schools.
The largest Tulsa area public school districts (those over 2000 students, as of Fall 2005) are:
See also: List of high schools in Oklahoma, Tulsa County
Private K-12.
There are multiple private elementary and middle schools in the Tulsa metropolitan area. Most are affiliated with a specific religion or place of worship. Among the largest are:
Other private schools in the Tulsa area include many schools operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tulsa. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="5990984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990984" title="Doctor Bashir, I Presume?">
Doctor Bashir, I Presume?

"Doctor Bashir, I Presume?" is the 114th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series "", the 16th episode of the .
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet-managed Bajoran space station "Deep Space Nine". In this episode, EMH developer Dr. Lewis Zimmerman comes aboard to make a holographic template of Dr. Bashir, interviewing both co-workers and family. Zimmerman develops an immediate attraction to Bashir's ex, Leeta, who wants Rom to want her to stay with "him".
Plot.
Dr. Lewis Zimmerman comes to Deep Space Nine with the intent of using Dr. Bashir's physical and personality likeness as a template for a long-term medical hologram (as opposed to the short-term Emergency Medical Hologram installed on such ships as and the "Enterprise"-E), which will provide medical care on distant and isolated outposts. In order to make the hologram as robust as possible, Zimmerman needs a complete personality profile on Bashir. In addition to questioning Bashir himself, Zimmerman interviews Bashir's colleagues and makes arrangements – against Bashir's wishes – to invite Julian's estranged parents, Amsha and Richard Bashir, to the station.
Julian is embarrassed by his father's tendency toward hyperbole, for example referring to the time he "ran shuttles" when, in fact, Richard was merely a steward who was fired shortly into his career. Bashir implores his parents at dinner not to reveal to Zimmerman anything about a secret from his childhood. Later, his parents go to the infirmary to try to assuage their son's fears, stating emphatically that they will not tell Zimmerman that they had Julian genetically modified when he was a child. They point out that they have kept the secret since he was a child, and that because such modification is illegal in the United Federation of Planets, they, too, are criminally culpable.
However, Bashir's parents are unaware that rather than speaking to their son, they are speaking to Zimmerman's new hologram; Zimmerman and Chief O'Brien, who is assisting Zimmerman, are right around the corner. O'Brien informs Julian about what he heard and Julian confirms that he had been genetically modified. As a child, he reveals, he was a poor student, with some form of learning disability and possibly mental retardation, and seemed destined to failure. His parents took him to Adigeon Prime for DNA resequencing, greatly improving his intelligence and dexterity. With the secret out, Bashir sees no alternative but to resign from Starfleet.
However, before Bashir can file his resignation, his parents take matters into their own hands. Richard strikes a deal with the Starfleet Judge Advocate General's Rear Admiral Bennett: Richard will spend two years in prison for illegal genetic engineering, and Bashir is allowed to retain his commission.
In the midst of all this, Zimmerman pursues Leeta's affections, to the point of asking her to accompany him back to Jupiter Station to open her own bar. Shy Rom is too scared to say anything to convince her to stay, despite it being clear that Leeta would welcome any reason to stay with him. She is on the verge of getting onto a transport with Zimmerman when Rom careens around the corner, in one long yell for her to wait (until he gets there). He finally gives her the long-awaited reason to stay: "I love you." Leeta reciprocates, and agrees to stay.

</doc>
<doc id="5990989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990989" title="A.S.D. Cecina">
A.S.D. Cecina

Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Cecina is an Italian association football club located in Cecina, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5990996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990996" title="16th G7 summit">
16th G7 summit

The 16th G7 Summit was held at Houston between July 9 and 11, 1990. The venue for the summit meetings was the campus of Rice University and other locations nearby in the Houston Museum District.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
This was the last G7 summit in which Thatcher participated..
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Agenda.
July 9.
President Bush unofficially opened the summit the night before the first official round of meetings was scheduled. He hosted a rodeo and barbecue with "armadillo races, bull riding, barrel racing, calf scrambling, the Grand Ole Opry, an Old West village, cowboys and Indians, oil rigs, square dancing, a sheriff with silver spurs, Styrofoam cacti, a model of the space shuttle, horseshoe contests, 1,250 gallons of barbecue sauce and jalapenos, 500 pounds of onions, 5,000 servings of cobbler and carrot cake, and 650 gallons of lemonade and iced tea."
July 10.
The official opening ceremonies were held outside in the Academic Quadrangle at Rice University. The leaders stood on a specially built platform with air conditioners built into the floor which only afforded a measure of relief as temperatures rose to near 100 degrees. This platform was located in front of Lovett Hall, a Romanesque revival administration building designed by Ralph Adams Cram and built in 1912. 
At the close of initial speeches by each leader, the group moved inside, into the building's Founders Room, for their first working session in the building's "Founders Room." The talks lasted about two hours.
A working dinner at Bayou Bend, once the home of a philanthropist, Ima Hogg, and now a museum of American decorative arts scheduled. The food, including tortilla soup and grilled red snapper with basil lime sauce, was prepared by three of the premier chefs in Texas.
July 11.
In addition to their talks about significant international problems, the world leaders set aside some time to dine together in a formal affair which took place in Houston's Museum of Fine Arts (MFAH) (HF.
Issues.
Each leader attending the economic summit has a slightly different perspective about the priorities which need to be addressed by the group working together 
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions. Issues which were discussed at this summit included:
Accomplishments.
In 1990, the summit leaders proclaimed, "We are determined to take action to increase forests while protecting existing ones," but there is little evidence of follow-up action.
Budget.
Houston spent nearly $20 million on civic beautification projects in advance of the summit.
Involving the local community.
Disgraced Enron Chief Executive and Chairman of the Board Kenneth Lay was the co-chairman of the organizing committee for economic summit for G-7 nations.
Art Installation.
A large sculpture was commissioned by U.S. President George Bush for the event. It ultimately consisted of several rectangular light pillars with the designs of the flags of the seven participating countries (plus the flag of the European Union). After the summit, the sculpture was relocated to Houston Intercontinental Airport, which was renamed in honor of the former President some years later.

</doc>
<doc id="5990999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5990999" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1940">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1940

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1940 according to "Billboard magazine". 
Synopsis.
A feature of the July 27, 1940, issue, the 10-position "National List of Best Selling Retail Records" began Billboard's tracking of music popularity.
Prior to July 27, 1940, Billboard had featured lists of national "Sheet Music Best Sellers"; "Records Most Popular on Music Machines" (compiled from national reports from phonograph operators); and "Songs With the Most Radio Plugs" based on a few New York radio stations.
The "National List of Best Selling Retail Records," however, was the first to poll retailers nationwide on record sales.
The new chart was termed a "trade service feature" based on the "10 best selling records of the past week" at a selection of national retailers from New York to Los Angeles
Tommy Dorsey scored first for the inaugural retail list with the song "I'll Never Smile Again", which, featuring vocals by Frank Sinatra and the vocal group the Pied Pipers, would total 12 weeks as number 1. 
Shown is a list of songs that scored best on the National List of Best Selling Retail Records chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5991000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991000" title="Spanish customary units">
Spanish customary units

There are a number of Spanish units of measurement of length or area that are now virtually obsolete (due to metrication). They include the vara, the cordel, the league and the labor. The units of area used to express the area of land are still encountered in some transactions in land today. For example, the 'vara' is still used in Costa Rica when ordering lumber.
Vara (unit of length).
A vara (meaning "rod" or "pole", abbreviation: var) is an old Spanish unit of length. Varas are a surveying unit that appear in many deeds in the southern United States, and varas were also used in many parts of Latin America. It varied in size at various times and places; the Spanish unit was set at about in 1801. In Argentina, the vara measured about , and typical urban lots are wide (10 Argentine varas). At some time a value of was adopted in California.
In Texas, a vara was defined as , or 1 yard = 1.08 vara. The vara and the corresponding unit of area, the square vara, were introduced in the 19th century to measure Spanish land grants. In Texas, Stephen F. Austin's early surveying contracts required that he use the vara as a standard unit. The vara can be seen in many deeds as late as the mid to late 1900s. is equivalent to 5,645.376 Texan square varas. A league is equivalent to 5,000 varas squared or .
To convert varas to feet, take the varas and divide by 0.36.
Standardization of measurement in Texas came with the introduction of varas, cordels, and leagues.
A measure of 100 varas by 100 varas (Spanish) is almost 7000 square meters, and is known traditionally throughout Latin America as a "manzana" ("i.e.", a "city block"). As well, lumber is still measured in Costa Rica using a system based on 4 vara, or 11 feet, for both round and square wood. With square wood, using inches, the width is multiplied by the depth to get a measurement which they call "pulgadas", or inches. The lumber is charged 'per inch', which is a measurement 11/12 of a board foot.
Labor (unit of area).
A labor ( in West Texas) is a unit of area, used to express the area of land, that is equal to 1 million square varas. A labor is equivalent to about . It was used in the archaic system of old Spanish land grants affecting Texas and parts of adjoining states. The labor is often used as an approximate equivalent to a "quarter-section" (that is, one quarter of a square mile of land). It is still encountered in modern real estate transactions.
League (unit of area).
A league can also be a unit of area, used to express the area of land, that is equal to 25 million square varas. A (square) league is equivalent to about . It was used in the archaic system of old Spanish land grants affecting Texas and parts of adjoining states and this use of league is used throughout the Texas Constitution.
A common Texas land grant size, discussed in James Michener's "Texas", was a "labor and a league": one labor of good riparian land, and a (square) league of land away from the river.
The (square) league is still encountered in modern real estate transactions.
Palmo and coto (unit of length).
The "palmo" ("palm") measured the distance between the tip of the thumb and the tip of the pinky finger with all fingers splayed. Its standardized value is . Half of a palmo in Castile was called the "coto", described as six fingers and defined as . The ancient Romans had a similar, smaller unit called the "palmus", which was .
Local units.
Although some standardisation was achieved with the law of 1801, particularly in defining the league as 6666⅔ "varas" long, varying measures continued to be used in various cities and regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991001" title="Mike Todd, Jr.">
Mike Todd, Jr.

Michael Todd Jr. (October 8, 1929 – May 5, 2002) was the son of movie producer and cinema pioneer Mike Todd and his first wife, Bertha Freshman Todd. He was also a stepson of Elizabeth Taylor even though he was older than his famous stepmother through his father's third marriage. Todd Jr. was vice president of his father's company, Cinerama, and was responsible for filming the famous roller-coaster scene from the company's debut film, "This is Cinerama" (1952).
Todd Jr. is also known for introducing the short-lived movie format Smell-o-vision, used solely in the 1960 film "Scent of Mystery", which he produced.
Following in his father's footsteps of producing attractions for World's Fairs, Todd Jr. produced a racially integrated minstrel show for the 1964 New York World's Fair, called "America, Be Seated." It closed after two performances.
In 1983, Todd Jr. and his wife Susan McCarthy wrote a biography of Todd Sr. called "A Valuable Property: The Life Story of Michael Todd" (ISBN 0-87795-491-7)
Todd Jr. was first married to Sarah Jane Weaver (1953–1972) and they had six children by the names of Cyrus, Susan, Sarah, Eliza Haselton, Daniel and Oliver Todd. Later, when married to Susan McCarthy (1972–2002), Todd Jr. had two more children, Del and James.
In May 5, 2002, Michael Todd Jr. died in Ireland of lung cancer, at the age of 72 with all of his children and his second wife surviving him.

</doc>
<doc id="5991006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991006" title="Shiplate Slait">
Shiplate Slait

Shiplate Slait () is a 33.9 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Loxton, within the Mendip Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, North Somerset, notified in 1987.
The site is underlain by Clifton Down Limestone, Burrington Oolite, Black Rock Dolomite and Black Rock Limestone of the Carboniferous Limestone Series. There is Dolomitic Conglomerate (Triassic Mudstone) at the lower edges of the site. The site has unimproved calcicolous grassland, some of which is mixed with dwarf-shrub, mosaics of calcicolous grassland and scrub and woodland. Four nationally rare types of vegetation form most of the grassland. Rare species include "Koeleria vallesiana" (Somerset hair-grass), "Carex humilis" (dwarf sedge) and "Potentilla tabernaemontani" (spring cinquefoil).

</doc>
<doc id="5991011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991011" title="Hello (Poe song)">
Hello (Poe song)

"Hello" is the second single released by singer-songwriter Poe. When first released, the single was a moderate success but fared much better on the charts when a remix of the song was introduced. The music video, which featured a "The Cabinet of Doctor Caligari" theme was co-directed by her brother, Mark Z. Danielewski.

</doc>
<doc id="5991017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991017" title="Mosier">
Mosier

Mosier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5991024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991024" title="150 West Jefferson">
150 West Jefferson

150 West Jefferson is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. The building was constructed in 1987, and finished in 1989. It stands at 26 stories tall, with two basement floors, for a total of 28. The building stands at 150 West Jefferson Avenue, between Shelby Street and Griswold Street, and between Jefferson and Larned Street bordering the Detroit Financial District.
Detroit based Miller, Canfield, Paddock & Stone, one of the nation's largest law firms, occupies the top floors of 150 West Jefferson. The Detroit offices of KPMG also occupy 150 West Jefferson.
Architecture.
The building's main exterior materials include glass, granite, and concrete in a postmodern architectural design. The high-rise building is primarily used as an Office tower, with a parking garage, restaurant and retail offices inside it. This building is connected to the rest of downtown Detroit by a station stop on the Detroit People Mover transit system built into the adjacent parking ramp. The 150 West Jefferson high rise replaced the Detroit Stock Exchange Building. Some of the façade of the old building was preserved and incorporated into the interior and exterior decoration of the new building. The skyscraper rises 444' 6" from its front entrance off West Jefferson Avenue. The back entrance off the podium on Larned Street actually sits 7' lower. Four flagpoles, each 30 feet (9 m) high, are located at each corner of the top of the slanted roof. Each displays an American flag; the four can be seen across the river in Windsor, Ontario.
The Financial District station of the Detroit People Mover system is accessed inside this building.

</doc>
<doc id="5991025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991025" title="Edwin Congo">
Edwin Congo

Edwin Arturo Congo Murillo (born 7 October 1976 in Bogotá) is a Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker.
Basing his game in physical display, he played most of his professional career in Spain, appearing for a host of clubs in various league levels and amassing league totals of 164 games and 33 goals (44/3 in La Liga) in eight seasons.
Amongst others Congo represented Real Madrid, without any impact as he was loaned for most of the duration of his contract.
Club career.
After impressive performances with Once Caldas, Congo was acquired by La Liga giants Real Madrid in 1999. However, he would not register one single league appearance for the capital side during his stay there (the only season in which he played with the club was 2001–02), while also serving loans to Real Valladolid, Vitória Sport Clube and Toulouse FC.
Congo's most steady period in Spain, and abroad overall, was lived at Levante UD – two top flight promotions, with eight goals scored in the 2003–04 campaign – while he also netted 11 in 2006–07 for Sporting de Gijón also in the second division.
In the 2007–08 season Congo had an uneventful Spanish top flight stint with Recreativo de Huelva, being released at the end of the campaign. With the following campaign already started, he decided to join CD Olímpic de Xàtiva in the Valencian regional championships as he was residing in the area, while also trying to keep himself fit while waiting for an offer from a mid-to-high level team in Europe. He scored three times in his first two matches.
Congo retired from football in 2009 at the age of 33, after another brief spell in amateur football also in Spain.
International career.
A Colombian international, Congo represented the nation at the 1999 and 2004 Copa América tournaments, being capped a total of 17 times.

</doc>
<doc id="5991033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991033" title="Schönberg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern">
Schönberg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern

Schönberg () is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated 16 km east of Lübeck, and 7 km from the Dassower See. Schönberg is the city seat of the Schönberger Land, a recently enlarged subnational administrative unit of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Its population as of December 31, 2006 was 4,420.
History.
The first formal mention of the city of Schönberg came in the year 1219, and shortly after became the residence of the Bishopric of Ratzeburg.
Schönberg was occupied by the soviets and became a part of East Germany. There's a Soviet graveyard a little distance before the city's Train Station.
Education.
The largest school within the city, Ernst-Barlach Gymnasium, is located on the Oberteich and contains grades 5-13 with 650 students. The school was subjugated to many different names and uses throughout its history since its opening in 1846. Under the German Democratic Republic (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) the school was reformed to hold grades 9-12 and was changed twice as the Erweiterte and Rudolf Hartmann Polytechnic Oberschules. In 1991 with the fall of East Germany, it was changed again to Gymnasium Schönberg until 2001 when students voted it to its current name.
The town also gives a grundschule or primary school, as well as a regionale schule.
Twin Cities.
Ratzeburg of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, since 1990.
Färgelanda, Sweden, since 2005

</doc>
<doc id="5991035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991035" title="David Richards, Baron Richards of Herstmonceux">
David Richards, Baron Richards of Herstmonceux

General David Julian Richards, Baron Richards of Herstmonceux (born 4 March 1952) is a retired senior British Army officer who was formerly the Chief of the Defence Staff, the professional head of the British Armed Forces. He succeeded Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup in this role on 29 October 2010.
Richards served in the Far East, Germany and Northern Ireland with the Royal Artillery before commanding forces in East Timor and most notably Sierra Leone, where his action without official sanctioning protected Freetown from rebel attacks during the Sierra Leone Civil War. Richards has also served with NATO as a major general, and he commanded International Security Assistance Force elements in Southern Afghanistan as a lieutenant general between 2006 and 2008.
Richards became Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces of the British Army in 2008 and held this role until 2009 when he was appointed Chief of the General Staff, the head of the British Army. He was appointed as Chief of the Defence Staff the following year. He was succeeded by General Sir Nicholas Houghton on 18 July 2013.
In 2014, Richards was created a Life Peer taking the title "Baron Richards of Herstmonceux". He sits in the House of Lords as a crossbencher.
Early life.
Born the son of John Downie Richards and Pamela Mary Richards (née Reeves), Richards attended Eastbourne College and was commissioned into the Royal Artillery as a second lieutenant in 1971. He then attended University College, Cardiff, graduating in 1974 with a degree in international relations.
Army career.
He served with the Royal Artillery in the Far East, Germany and the United Kingdom, including three tours in Northern Ireland, and served on the staff of the 11th Armoured Brigade in Germany. He was promoted lieutenant in 1974, and captain in 1977. He attended the Staff College, Camberley in 1984. Promoted to major that year, he returned to 11th Armoured Brigade to command a field battery in 47th Field Regiment. He then served as the Chief of Staff of the Berlin Brigade for two years, before being promoted lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1989. He served as an instructor at the Staff College for three years, and was then given command of the 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery.
In 1994 he joined the Ministry of Defence as Colonel Army Plans. In December 1995, after completing the Higher Command and Staff course, he was promoted brigadier and then became Commander of the 4th Armoured Brigade in Germany. He became Chief of Joint Force Operations at the Permanent Joint Headquarters in 1998. In this role, as the default commander for short notice expeditionary operations, he commanded the UK Contingent in East Timor as part of INTERFET in 1999 and twice commanded a UK Joint Task Force in Sierra Leone in 2000.
In 2000, during the Sierra Leone Civil War, he was in command of Operation Palliser, ostensibly to rescue British and other foreign nationals but which he then independently transformed into a commitment to support the embattled national president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah and lead the defence of his capital Freetown against the Revolutionary United Front. Although not initially sanctioned by London, the action was cited as a second example of the kind of liberal military intervention previously seen in Kosovo, and as such attributed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
In April 2001 he became Chief of Staff of NATO's Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, with the rank of major general. He became the British Assistant Chief of the General Staff in 2002, and on 19 January 2005 became the Commander of the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, which carried promotion to lieutenant general.
In July 2006, command of the international forces (the International Security Assistance Force) in southern Afghanistan was passed to NATO forces under his command and he was promoted to the acting rank of full general (4-star). On returning from Afghanistan, he reverted to his previous rank of Lieutenant-General. On 1 February 2008 he was promoted to substantive General and appointed Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces in succession to General Sir Redmond Watt, and on 12 June 2008 he was appointed Aide-de-Camp General to The Queen. 
On 17 October 2008, "The Independent" revealed his appointment as the next Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the Army. The Ministry of Defence later confirmed that he would take up the post in August 2009. In early August 2009, just before taking up his post, Richards was widely criticised when he claimed that British troops may have a role in Afghanistan for up to 40 years. General Sir Richard Dannatt handed over his appointment as Chief of the General Staff at midday on 28 August 2009 to Richards.
Allegations surfaced in September 2009 of a Labour Party plot to smear the general because his daughter worked for the Conservative Party. The threat to target Richards, who had taken up his new job just nine days before most of the reports appeared, was widely reported to have been one of the real reasons that Labour MP Eric Joyce resigned as an aide to Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth.
In February 2010, Richards said that a "turning point" had been reached in the battle against the Taliban. He suggested troop numbers could begin to decline as early as 2011 while the majority would be withdrawn by 2015. Richards said "we are now seeing some very optimistic signs" in the latest military offensive, Operation Moshtarak (togetherness), in Helmand. The Taliban had been forced to give "serious consideration" about continuing the fight. Richards said that: "We expect the military conflict to trail off in 2011," who was visiting British front-line forces for the first time since taking command of the Army last year. "The combat role will start to decline in 2011, but we will remain militarily engaged in training and support roles for another five years, and we will remain in a support role for many years to come."
Richards said that "The Taliban is now beginning to realise that they can lose this war, which was not the view they had a year ago. We have to reinforce the view that they can, and will, be beaten." In 2010, however, he also stated in a radio interview that "I think there's no reason why we shouldn't be looking at to the Taliban pretty soon".
On 14 July 2010, the Ministry of Defence announced that in October 2010 Richards would become the next Chief of the Defence Staff in succession to Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup. Downing Street, in a press statement to announce the intended ennoblement of Sir Jock, also announced in the same release that Sir David would take up his new post as Chief of the Defence Staff on Friday 29 October 2010, immediately after the retirement of Sir Jock.
In November 2010, General Richards said there was no desire to "open up another front" in the Middle East but suggested that in future it "might be" necessary. David Cameron told Parliament that Britain would "take every step to cut out the terrorist cancer that lurks in the Arabian Peninsula", but Gen Richards said an intelligence-led approach was the current strategy. Richards added: "Clearly, the primary agencies dealing with this are our intelligence and security agencies. But the military are already helping with their Yemenis' training. I don't think we want to open up another front there and nor do the Yemenis want us to do that. So we have to find other ways of doing these things and in the meantime making sure Afghanistan doesn't revert to becoming, if you like, a 'second Yemen' – that is the Army's primary duty at the moment. Our role is to remain very close to them, to help them where they most need it and in the meanwhile focus our efforts on Afghanistan and assisting Pakistan to ensure they don't become the threat Yemen is beginning to be.
In May 2011, General Richards and other senior NATO officers expressed a wish for backing from member states to intensify the war effort in Libya by directly targeting Col Gaddafi's regime, rather than simply protecting Libyan civilians. "The military campaign to date has been a significant success for NATO and our Arab allies, but we need to do more. If we do not up the ante now there is a risk that the conflict could result in Gaddafi clinging to power," said Gen Richards. He added that, while NATO forces were not targeting Col Gaddafi directly, he could nevertheless become a legitimate target if he was caught directly attacks against Libyan civilians. "The United Nations resolution allows Nato to use 'all necessary means' in Libya," he said. "We are not targeting Gaddafi directly, but if it happened that he was in a command and control centre that was hit by Nato and he was killed, then that is within the rules." 
During the Syrian Civil War Richards drew up plans to train and equip a Syrian rebel army of 100,000 to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad, as an alternative option to the government’s plan for limited direct military involvement. The plans were rejected by the National Security Council as too ambitious. Ultimately on 29 August 2013, parliament refused to support the government's plan to participate in military strikes against the Syrian regime. 
Richards was succeeded by General Sir Nicholas Houghton on 18 July 2013.
Later life.
From October 2013, Richards has worked as a Senior Adviser to the International Institute for Strategic Studies.
Since leaving the army he has made a number of corporate speaking appearances, applying his military values to a business environment with a company called Military Speakers.
Honours.
Richards has attended the US Brigade Commanders, Combined Joint Force Land Component Commanders, and Joint Task Force Commanders (Pinnacle) Courses. His operational awards include a Mention in Despatches for services in Northern Ireland. Richards was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services in East Timor, and made a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for services in Sierra Leone (Operation Barras). 
Richards was appointed and knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the July 2007 operational and gallantry awards list for his services in Afghanistan.
He was appointed Honorary Colonel of the Royal Rifle Volunteers on 1 September 2003, Colonel Commandant of the Royal Artillery on 19 January 2005, and on 1 April 2007 he was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Brigade of Gurkhas. Richards was promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 2011 New Years Honours.
Richards was created a Life Peer on 24 February 2014 taking the title Baron Richards of Herstmonceux, of Emsworth in the County of Hampshire.
Personal life.
In 1978 he married Caroline Reyne (née Bond).
He is a keen student of military history and a qualified offshore yachtsman (he is Admiral of the British Kiel Yacht Club).
Lady Richards is a trustee of charities Plant for Peace and The Afghan Appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="5991053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991053" title="2nd G7 summit">
2nd G7 summit

The 2nd G7 Summit was held at Dorado, Puerto Rico between June 27 and 28, 1976. The venue for the summit meetings was the Dorado Beach Resort, which is near San Juan, Puerto Rico.
The Group of Six (G6) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States; and the Group of Seven (G7), meeting for the first time this year, is formed with the addition of Canada. This summit, and the others which would follow, were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a kind of frustrated rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was an element in the genesis of cooperation between France's President and West Germany's Chancellor as they conceived the first summit of the G6.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991060" title="Boekelo">
Boekelo

Boekelo ['bukəloː] is a Dutch village in the municipality of Enschede in the Eastern Netherlands, the population is estimated at approximately 2500. It is located just west of Usselo. The village is known for the Military Boekelo Enschede, an international equestrian event.
It is also known for the salt industry, since 1919 located south of the village. This was a reason for the then well-known "Bad Boekelo" (Bath Boekelo) to have a salt water wave pool. After the opening of the "Twentekanaal" (Twente canal) the factory of the "Koninklijke Nederlandse Zoutindustrie" (Royal Dutch Salt-industry) was moved to Hengelo; currently it is called Akzo Nobel.
Textile industry flourished in Boekelo: The "N.V. Boekelosche Stoombleekerij" (public LLC Boekelo's Steam-bleachery), founded in 1888 by Gerrit Jan van Heek, was taken over by Unilever (who fused it with "P. Fenter van Vlissingen & Co's Katoenfabrieken N.V."). On the former factory's terrain, a new quarter called "De Bleekerij" (The Bleachery) was built. Parts of the old industrial heritage such as old facades and the factory's chimney were integrated into the new buildings.
The internationally known beer brewery Grolsch moved to Boekelo, abandoning its factories in Groenlo and Enschede.
The "Museum Buurtspoorweg" (lit. Museum Neighborhood-railway) runs a historical museum railway with restored steam locomotives and wagons between Boekelo and Haaksbergen.
Geography.
The village layout clearly shows the now abandoned "verzuiling" of the Dutch society. The village consists of two population centers, one in the east (Protestant) and one in the west (Catholic). The two parts of the village are separated by the "Boekelerbeek" (Boekelo's stream) and some fields. Originally the parts each had their own church, elementary school, barber, grocery store and pub. The only factories were in the eastern part.
When the "verzuiling" disappeared, the shops gradually lost their distinct Catholic or Protestant clientele. In time, the catholic elementary school moved to the east part, the west grocery store closed and the west pub became a liquor store. New stores opened and new houses were built in the east part. At present the east part is considered the center of the village, it covers an area approximately ten times as large as the western part.
In Twente's bocage lie historical estates, among others Hof te Boekelo (an original manor house from 1570), De Weele, Zonnebeek en 't Stroot.

</doc>
<doc id="5991068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991068" title="2003 Torneo Descentralizado">
2003 Torneo Descentralizado

The 2003 Torneo Descentralizado (known as the Copa Cable Mágico for sponsorship reasons) was the eighty-seventh season of top-flight Peruvian football. A total of 12 teams competed in the tournament, with Sporting Cristal as the defending champion. Alianza Lima won its twentieth Primera División title after beating Sporting Cristal in the final playoff.
Changes from 2002.
Structural changes.
Starting in the 2003 season, half-year champions had to finish in the top six of each tournament to dispute the national title instead of the top four. A Copa Sudamericana qualifying round was disputed between the top four of the Torneo Clausura. No relegation took place at the end of the season due to a player's strike during the Clausura. The player's strike also caused an international qualifying round be played between the top five of the aggregate table who had not already qualified to an international tournament for 2004.
Promotion and Relegation.
Juan Aurich and Sport Coopsol Trujillo finished the 2002 season in 11th and 12th place, respectively, on the three-season average table and thus were relegated to their regional leagues. They were replaced by the champion of the 2002 Copa Perú Atlético Universidad and the 2002 Segunda División champion Unión Huaral.
Torneo Apertura.
Copa Sudamericana 2003 qualifying.
Second leg.
Cienciano and Alianza Lima qualified to the 2003 Copa Sudamericana, which Cienciano went on to win.
Torneo Clausura.
A strike by professional players cut the Clausura short. Most matches of Rounds 16 and 17 were played with under-20 and amateur players, but were later annulled. These are not included in the table below.
Final playoff.
While not officially the Clausura champions because of the strike, Alianza Lima was leading the tournament, as well as the aggregate table, so a final playoff against the Apertura winners Sporting Cristal was held in January 2004, once the strike was called off.
2004 international qualifying.
After the strike was called off in January 2004, it was decided that, since the tournament had not been completed, a qualifying tournament would decide the allocation of the third Peruvian berth for the Copa Libertadores 2004. The tournament was to include four teams, in principle from the third to the sixth teams according to the aggregate table. But since Cienciano had played one match less and would have surpassed Unión Huaral had they won it, a preliminary playoff was held between them. Sport Boys withdrew from the tournament in disagreement with the decision. Had the Clausura Rounds 16 and 17 not been annulled, the team would have been third in the aggregate table, and could have claimed the remaining berth. Also, some teams saw the tournament as a way to favor Cienciano, who had just won the Copa Sudamericana 2003, to give them a chance at representing Peru at the Copa Libertadores.

</doc>
<doc id="5991085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991085" title="3rd G7 summit">
3rd G7 summit

The 3rd G7 Summit was held at London, United Kingdom between 7-8 May 1977. The venue for the summit meetings was the British Prime Minister's official residence at No. 10 Downing Street in London.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975. 
This was the initial meeting in which the President of the European Commission was formally invited to take a part.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.
Accomplishments.
The leaders came out with the Downing Street Summit Declaration.

</doc>
<doc id="5991096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991096" title="Schöneck, Saxony">
Schöneck, Saxony

Schöneck (also: Schöneck/Vogtl.) is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated southeast of Plauen, and north of Cheb. Schöneck is known as the biggest ski resort in the eastern part of Germany. With more than 700 m (church) it is the highest-located city in the Vogtland district. It belongs to the so-called music angle.
City structure.
The districts of Schöneck are Arnoldsgrün, Eschenbach, Gunzen, Korna, Kottenheide, Schilbach and Zwotental.
History.
Schöneck became a city in 1370, but was first mentioned one century ago, when the catle "castrum Schoennecke" was mentioned as a middleage manor.
After some devastating major fires (1632, 1680, 1761 and 1856), Schöneck took part in the industrialization of the 19th century. The city's main business became the cigar manufactory. In 1875 the railroad to Falkenstein and Klingenthal was built. The population grew significantly until World War II, but later the population contracted again.

</doc>
<doc id="5991099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991099" title="4th G7 summit">
4th G7 summit

The 4th G7 Summit was held at Bonn, West Germany between July 16 and 17, 1978. The venue for the summit meeting was at the former official residence of the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany in Bonn, the "Palais Schaumburg."
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions. This was the first summit where rather than simply issuing joint statements, participants committed themselves to policy decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991102" title="11 King's Bench Walk Chambers">
11 King's Bench Walk Chambers

11 King's Bench Walk Chambers is a barristers' Chambers founded by Alexander Irvine QC.
The chambers specialises in employment law, public and administrative law and commercial law. The British Prime Minister, Tony Blair was a junior tenant on its foundation in 1981 and appointed its founder, Derry Irvine, Lord Chancellor when Labour came to power in 1997. Neil Davidson QC, appointed Solicitor General for Scotland on 24 February 2000, and Advocate General for Scotland (by Tony Blair) on 21 March 2006, and Eldred Tabachnik QC, past president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews are current members.

</doc>
<doc id="5991109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991109" title="E&amp;A">
E&amp;A

E&A is the second studio album released by Minnesota hip hop duo Eyedea & Abilities. On this album, DJ Abilities continues experimenting with different styles, and his production grows much more layered and complex. Eyedea seems to move away from introspective story-telling and towards old school hip hop.

</doc>
<doc id="5991114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991114" title="5th G7 summit">
5th G7 summit

The 5th G7 Summit was held at Tokyo, Japan between June 28 and 29, 1979. The venue for the summit meetings was the State Guesthouse in Tokyo, Japan.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975. 
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991118" title="Isabel Glasser">
Isabel Glasser

Isabel Glasser (born May 1, 1958) is an American actress who appeared in the movies "Forever Young", "Pure Country" and the "Law & Order franchise".

</doc>
<doc id="5991128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991128" title="Schönewalde">
Schönewalde

Schönewalde is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 30 km south of Luckenwalde, and 40 km east of Wittenberg.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5991129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991129" title="List of composers for the classical guitar (nationality)">
List of composers for the classical guitar (nationality)

Below is a list of composers of classical guitar music, ordered by nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="5991137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991137" title="Phanto">
Phanto

Phanto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5991141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991141" title="6th G7 summit">
6th G7 summit

The 6th G7 Summit was held at Venice, Italy between June 22 and 23rd, 1980. The venue for the summit meetings was the island of San Giorgio Maggiore in the Venetian lagoon.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975.
Leaders at the summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. Japanese Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira suffered a fatal heart attack on June 12, only days before the summit; and his colleague, the Foreign Minister, led the delegation which represented Japan in his place. Others joining Foreign Minister Okita in Venice were Finance Minister Noboru Takeshita and the head of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991167" title="7th G7 summit">
7th G7 summit

The 7th G7 Summit was called the Ottawa Summit, and was held in Montebello, Quebec, Canada and nearby Ottawa between July 20 and 21, 1981. The venue for the summit meetings was the Château Montebello. 
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976) and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G7 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G7 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5991169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991169" title="A.S.D. Lerici Castle">
A.S.D. Lerici Castle

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Lerici Castle is an Italian association football club located in Lerici, Liguria. It currently plays in Promozione Liguria/B .
History.
Fo.Ce. Vara 1998.
The club was founded in August 1998 as "Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Fo.Ce. Vara 1998" (Fo.Ce. stands for Follo and Ceparana) after the merger of U.S. Folbas, U.S. Ceparana 1933 and F.B.C. Vara, a club located in Ceparana, a "frazione" of Bolano, Liguria.
Serie D.
The team has played also in serie D for 5 years from the season 2003-04 to that 2007-08.
In 2007 the club was merged with Lunezia to form "Fo.Ce. Lunezia" but was immediately relegated at the end of the season and in 2008 it was renamed with the original name in Eccellenza Liguria.
From Eccellenza to Prima Categoria.
In the season 2009-10 it was relegated to Promozione Liguria and in the following in Prima Categoria Liguria.
Promozione.
In the season 2012-13 it was promoted to Promozione Liguria.
Lerici Castle.
On 24 October 2013 the club moved to Lerici and was renamed with the current name.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white, blue and black.

</doc>
<doc id="5991179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991179" title="Abe Thompson">
Abe Thompson

Abraham Broman "Abe" Thompson (born January 12, 1982 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former American soccer player.
Career.
Youth and College.
Thompson attended Wilbert Tucker Woodson High School in Virginia, and played college soccer at the University of Maryland from 2000 to 2005, where he appeared in 79 games scoring 43 goals and adding 26 assists. He was named a Hermann Trophy semifinalist in 2004 and 2005. 
Thompson also played in the USL Premier Development League for Chesapeake Dragons and Boulder Rapids Reserve, and played club soccer for the Braddock Road Warhawks, with whom he won the 1999 Don Greer Cup and the 1999 US U-17 National Championship.
Professional.
He was drafted in the second round, 16th overall, of the 2005 MLS Supplemental Draft by FC Dallas, and subsequently spent four years in Texas. He was traded to Kansas City Wizards on September 5, 2008 in exchange for allocation money.
Houston Dynamo acquired Thompson and allocation money from Kansas City in exchange for forward Kei Kamara. However, Thompson was waived at the end of the season and selected by Real Salt Lake in the resulting Waiver Draft. Thompson was waived by Real Salt Lake during the 2010 pre-season, without making an appearance for the club.
Thompson signed with USSF Division 2 club Miami FC on March 18, 2010. He re-signed with the club, now named Fort Lauderdale Strikers and playing in the North American Soccer League, on March 17, 2011.
Fort Lauderdale re-signed Thompson in February 2012 as both player and assistant coach. At the end of the season, Thompson retired from professional soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="5991199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991199" title="Mönchaltorf">
Mönchaltorf

Mönchaltorf is a municipality in the district of Uster in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
History.
Mönchaltorf is first mentioned in 741 as "Villa Altorf". In 872 it was mentioned as "Altorf monachorum". It also holds the record for the longest Apfel Strudel.
Geography.
Mönchaltorf has an area of . Of this area, 70.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 11.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 15.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains). housing and buildings made up 12.1% of the total area, while transportation infrastructure made up the rest (3.7%). Of the total unproductive area, water (streams and lakes) made up 0.3% of the area. 12.8% of the total municipal area was undergoing some type of construction.
Demographics.
Mönchaltorf has a population (as of ) of . , 11.6% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 3.7%. Most of the population () speaks German (92.3%), with Italian being second most common ( 1.7%) and French being third ( 1.0%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 39.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (20.9%), the CSP (11.9%) and the FDP (11.7%).
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 23.6% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 66.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 9.8%. In Mönchaltorf about 83.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). There are 1336 households in Mönchaltorf.
Mönchaltorf has an unemployment rate of 1.87%. , there were 110 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 36 businesses involved in this sector. 367 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 37 businesses in this sector. 602 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 119 businesses in this sector. 50% of the working population were employed full-time, and 50% were employed part-time.
Population growth.
The following table shows the population development of Möchaltorf.
Politics.
Mayor is Annemarie Beglinger-Vögeli (FDP).

</doc>
<doc id="5991205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991205" title="Elkin Murillo">
Elkin Murillo

Elkin Antonio Murillo Amor (born 20 September 1977) is a Colombian football striker. He currently plays for Cortulua.
Murillo has made 28 appearances for the Colombia national football team, including two matches at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5991207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991207" title="Abraham Brueghel">
Abraham Brueghel

Abraham Brueghel (alternative spellings of his family name: Breugel, Breughel, Briegel, Bruegel; also called: 'Brueghel, il Napolitano' and nick name: 'Rijngraaf' or 'Ringraaf')(baptised November 28, 1631, Antwerp – c. 1690, Naples) was a Flemish painter from the famous Brueghel family of artists. He emigrated at a young age to Italy where he made a name for himself as a still life painter.
Early life.
Abraham was the son of Jan Brueghel the Younger, the grandson of Jan Brueghel the Elder and the great-grandson of Pieter Brueghel the Elder. Much of his artistic training came from his father Jan Brueghel the Younger. Abraham showed great promise as an artist from an early age, and started to make a name for himself in his teenage years. His father sold one of Abraham's floral still lives when he was only 15 years old.
Life as an artist.
In 1649, at the age of 18, Abraham went to Italy to complete a commission for Prince Antonio Ruffo in Sicily. It was the first of many commissions in which Abraham demonstrated his artistic abilities in drawing floral still lifes.
Ten years later, in 1659, Brueghel moved to Rome, Italy and married an Italian woman less than a year later. He continued painting portraits of objects in nature, and in 1670 he was invited into the Accademia di San Luca, a Roman academy with the objective of elevating the work of artists.
He became a member of the Bentvueghels, an association of mainly Dutch and Flemish artists working in Rome. It was customary for the Bentvueghels to adopt an appealing nickname, the so-called 'bent name'. He was given the bent name "Rijngraaf", meaning 'duke of the Rhine', which was an old aristocratic title in Northern Europe. When Abraham Genoels joined the Bentvueghels in 1670, Abraham Brueghel signed the "bentbrief" as "Abraham Breugel".
A year later, Abraham moved to Naples, Italy, where he remained until his death in 1690.
Work.
Abraham Brueghel established a reputation for his still lifes and in particular, floral still lives. One hunting still life signed and dated by him is known. He painted his own landscapes but the staffage in his paintings was painted by well-known Italian painters, such as Carlo Maratta, Giovanni Battista Gaulli and Giacinto Brandi. 

</doc>
<doc id="5991221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991221" title="Eorpwald of East Anglia">
Eorpwald of East Anglia

Eorpwald; also Erpenwald or Earpwald, (reigned from c. 624, assassinated c. 627 or 632), succeeded his father Rædwald as ruler of the independent Kingdom of the East Angles. Eorpwald was a member of the East Anglian dynasty known as the Wuffingas, named after the semi-historical king Wuffa.
Little is known of Eorpwald's life or of his short reign, as little documentary evidence about the East Anglian kingdom has survived. The primary source for Eorpwald is the "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", written by Bede in the 8th century. Soon after becoming king, Eorpwald received Christian teaching and was baptised in 627 or 632. Soon after his conversion he was killed by Ricberht, a pagan noble, who may have succeeded him and ruled for three years. The motive for Eorpwald's assassination was probably political as well as religious. He was the first early English king to suffer death as a consequence of his Christian faith and was subsequently venerated by the Church as a saint and martyr.
In 1939, a magnificent ship-burial was discovered under a large mound at Sutton Hoo, in Suffolk. Although Rædwald is usually considered to have been buried with the ship (or commemorated by it), another possibility is Eorpwald. Alternatively, he might also have had his own ship-burial nearby.
Background and family.
By the beginning of the 7th century, southern England was almost entirely under the control of the Anglo-Saxons. These peoples, who are known to have included Angles, Saxons, Jutes and Frisians, began to arrive in Britain in the 5th century. By 600, a number of kingdoms had begun to form in the conquered territories, including the Kingdom of the East Angles, an Anglo-Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. Almost no documentary sources exist about the history of the kingdom before the reign of Rædwald, who reigned until about 624. Sources of information include the names of a few of the early Wuffing kings, mentioned in a short passage in Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", written in the 730s.
In 616, Rædwald defeated and killed Æthelfrith of Northumbria in the Battle of the River Idle and then installed Edwin as the new Deiran king. Whilst Edwin had been an exile at Rædwald's court, he had had a dream where he was told that if he converted to Christianity, he would become greater than any that had ruled before him. Steven Plunkett relates that, according to the version of events as told in the Whitby "Life of St Gregory", it was Paulinus who visited Edwin and obtained his promise to convert to Christianity in return for regal power. After Edwin emerged as the ruler of Deira, with its centre at York, he became accepted as king of the northern Northumbrian province of Bernicia. Following his victory over the Northumbrians, Rædwald was not only king of the East Angles, but also the most powerful king amongst the rulers of the various English kingdoms, occupying the role which was later described by the term "Bretwalda". He is thought by many to have been buried in the sumptuous ship burial at Sutton Hoo.
Eorpwald was the son of Rædwald by a wife whose name is not recorded. He had at least one brother, Rægenhere, and another sibling, Sigeberht, may also have been his brother. Rædwald used the letters R and E when naming two of his own sons, (as did his own father when he and his younger brother Eni were named), which suggests that Eorpwald was the younger sibling and would only have became Rædwald's heir after his elder brother Rægenhere was slain in battle in 616.
It is unclear whether, as Bede understood, Sigebert and Eorpwald were brothers, or whether they shared the same mother but not the same father, as was stated by the 12th century chronicler William of Malmesbury. According to the historian Barbara Yorke, Sigebert may have been a member of a different line of Wuffings who as his rival was forced into exile, in order to ensure that Eorpwald became king.
Accession and conversion to Christianity.
Eorpwald was still a pagan when he became king of the East Angles, following the death of Rædwald in around 624. D. P. Kirby maintains that Sigeberht fled from East Anglia to Gaul during the internal strife that followed Eorpwald's accession and that the new king's paganism created tension between Christian and pagan factions within the kingdom, which resulted in a reduction in his influence. In 627, Edwin undertook the conversion of the peoples of Northumbria, Lindsey and East Anglia and at his prompting Eorpwald was, according to Bede, "persuaded to accept the Christian faith and sacraments". It can be calculated that this event occurred in 627, taking in account the years that Felix of Burgundy was known to have held the East Anglian bishopric. In contrast, the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" recorded that Eorpwald's baptism took place during 632: ""Her wæs Eorpwald gefullod"", ("Here Eorpwald was baptized").
It is not known whether Eorpwald was baptised in East Anglia, Northumbria or Kent, but it is very likely that Edwin, now the senior ruler, was present as his sponsor. Higham suggests that because of the lack of proper facilities in East Anglia, it is likely that he was baptised by Paulinus at Edwin's centre of authority in Northumbria. The manner of Eorpwald's conversion indicated that he was a subordinate king and that Edwin was his overlord.
Following his baptism, Edwin's Northumbrian priests were in a position to be able to suppress pagan practices in Eorpwald's kingdom and convert the East Anglians. The conversion had the general political benefit of bringing the entire eastern seaboard from Northumbria to Kent, with the exception of Essex, under the dominion of Edwin and his Christian allies.
Death and sainthood.
The conversion of Eorpwald's kingdom did not result in the establishment of any ecclesiatistical infrastructure, such as the establishment of a see within the kingdom. Bede reported that soon after his conversion, Eorpwald was slain ("occisus") by a heathen ("uiro gentili") named Ricberht and that after he was killed, the kingdom reverted to heathen rule ("in errore uersata est") for three years.
Eorpwald was the first English king to be killed because of his Christian faith. The circumstances are not recorded, so that it is not known whether Ricberht was representative of an internal East Anglian opposition to Christian rule, or if he was an emissary from abroad wishing to diminish Edwin of Northumbria's influence over the East Angles. The return of East Anglia to pagan rule does not necessarily mean that there was an overt struggle between the worship of the Anglo-Saxon gods and the worship of Christ, but could express a reaction away from Christianity amongst the East Angles, prompted by Edwin's rise to power and his subsequent dominance over their king. The ancestry of Ricberht is unknown and it is unclear as to whether he ever ruled after he killed Eorpwald, but in 630 or 631, three years after Eorpwald's assassination, Sigeberht returned from exile in Gaul and became king of the East Angles.
At Sutton Hoo (near Woodbridge, in Suffolk) is the site of two 6th-7th century Anglo-Saxon cemeteries, where it is believed that members of the Eorpwald's dynasty were entombed under large earth mounds. Several East Anglian kings, including Eorpwald, have been suggested as possible candidates for the occupant of the burial site under Mound 1, discovered in 1939. Martin Carver has speculated that historians could use regal lists and other sources of information to identify the occupants, whilst acknowledging that no material evidence exists to support the theory that Eorpwald or other members of his family are buried there. He has used Eorpwald's relationship as the son of Rædwald to place him in either Mound 1 or 2.
According to Fleming's "Complete History of the British Martyrs", published in 1904, King Eorpwald was venerated as a saint and a martyr by the English Church. His feast day is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="5991222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991222" title="Jeroným">
Jeroným

Jeroným is a Czech male first name, equivalent of English Jerome (a variant of Hieronymus). In modern times it is used only infrequently.
Among famous Jeroným's are:

</doc>
<doc id="5991231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991231" title="Reznor">
Reznor

Reznor may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5991240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991240" title="Anneli Alhanko">
Anneli Alhanko

Anneli Elisabeth Alhanko Skoglund, born on December 11, 1953, in Bogotá, Colombia is a Swedish ballet dancer and actress. She is the daughter of the Finnish consul Erkki Alhanko, who was stationed in Colombia when she was born.
Alhanko was a dance student at Operabaletten, "The Opera Ballet" in Stockholm, Sweden. She is one of twelve in the world with the title prima ballerina assoluta.
Anneli Alhanko is aunt to the actress Josephine Alhanko, the Miss Sweden 2006 titleholder. 
Alhanko is also one of the founder of the dance school Base 23 which opened in Stockholm January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5991243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991243" title="25th G8 summit">
25th G8 summit

The 25th G8 Summit was held at Cologne, Germany between June 18 and 20, 1999. The venue for this summit meeting was the Museum Ludwig in the central city.
Overview.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States and Canada starting in 1976. The G8, meeting for the first time in 1997, was formed with the addition of Russia. In addition, the President of the European Commission has been formally included in summits since 1981. The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the initial summit of the Group of Six (G6) in 1975.
The G8 summits since the late 1990s have inspired widespread debates, protests and demonstrations; and the two- or three-day event becomes more than the sum of its parts, elevating the participants, the issues and the venue as focal points for activist pressure.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G8 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
Core G8 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Priorities.
Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda for negotiations, which take place primarily amongst multi-national civil servants in the weeks before the summit itself, leading to a joint declaration which all countries can agree to sign.
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.
Business opportunity.
For some, the G8 summit became a profit-generating event; as for example, the official "G8 Summit" magazines which have been published under the auspices of the host nations for distribution to all attendees since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5991244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991244" title="Patrick O'Donoghue (bishop)">
Patrick O'Donoghue (bishop)

Patrick O'Donoghue (born 4 May 1934) is a retired Roman Catholic prelate who served as the 5th Bishop of Lancaster, from 2001 to 2009.
Early life.
He was born in the small parish of Mourne Abbey in County Cork, Ireland on 4 May 1934, one of five children of farmers Daniel and Sheila O'Donoghue. O'Donoghue came to Britain in 1959 to train for the priesthood first at Campion House, Osterley, Middlesex, then from 1961-67 at Allen Hall seminary when it was at St Edmund's, Ware. He was ordained to the priesthood for the Archdiocese of Wesminster in England on 25 May 1967.
Episcopal career.
He was appointed an Auxiliary Bishop of Westminster and Titular Bishop of Tulana on 18 May 1993. His consecration to the episcopate took place on 29 June 1993, the principal consecrator was Cardinal Basil Hume, Archbishop of Westminster and the principal co-consecrators were John Patrick Crowley, Bishop of Middlesbrough and Patrick Joseph Casey, Bishop of Brentwood.
Following of the sudden death of Bishop John Brewer while in office, O'Donoghue was appointed the Bishop of the Diocese of Lancaster on 5 June 2001, and installed at St Peter's Cathedral, Lancaster on 4 July 2001. His portrait was painted for Westminster Cathedral in 2002 by Christian Furr.
Diocesan situation.
In recent years he has led a major diocesan review of the diocese called "Fit for Mission?" to prepare the diocese for the future with fewer priests and practising Catholics and attempting to encourage all Catholics to be more missionary-focussed.
Catholic schools.
In November 2007, he brought out his teaching document on Catholic education, "Fit for Mission? - Schools." Hailed in the Catholic press as 'groundbreaking' and 'courageous', it was also praised by the Holy See. The Congregation for Clergy 'hopes it will become an example for other Dioceses in the country in their implementation of the General Directory for Catechesis and the Catechism of the Catholic Church', and the Congregation for Catholic Education wrote, it "will undoubtedly be a reliable resource for renewing the vitality of Catholic Education in today's society".
O'Donoghue was an opponent of attempts to secularise the culture of Catholic schools in the Diocese of Lancaster. For instance, he gave instructions to the schools to halt promotion of contraceptives, remove anti-Catholic books from their libraries and prevent the presentation of ideas contrary to the Catholic Church's official teaching. Some secularist critics, such as Barry Sheerman, a Labour MP and Steve Sinnott of the National Union of Teachers attacked him for his advocation of a Catholic education in Catholic schools.
Catholic Caring Services.
In October 2008 he came into direct conflict with trustees of the local Catholic-founded adoption agency, "Catholic Caring Services" (CCS), which was attempting to enact homosexual adoption contrary to Church teachings, following the UK government's Sexual Orientation Regulations. In a letter to the agency he threatened them with eviction from church property, warned that he would sue the CCS for money left in wills by Catholics to the agency if they did not change their stance within one week, threatened to inform the Charities Commission that the organisation was no longer Catholic, and would break its link with the Lancaster diocese:
"I find it unthinkable, indeed heart-breaking, that "Catholic Caring Services", so linked to the Catholic Church since its inception, would abandon its position and capitulate to recent same-sex adoption legislation".
Retirement.
Bishop O'Donoghue retired on 1 May 2009, with a special Mass at St Peter's Cathedral, Lancaster, and assumed the title Bishop Emeritus of Lancaster. He left the Diocese of Lancaster on 29 May 2009 and retired as an assistant priest to the parish of Bantry on the west coast of County Cork, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5991252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991252" title="David Powell (actor)">
David Powell (actor)

David Powell (December 17, 1883 in Glasgow, Scotland – April 16, 1925 in New York City, New York) was a Scottish-born stage and later film actor of the silent era. In his twenties Powell appeared in stage companies of Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, Ellen Terry and Johnston Forbes-Robertson. In 1907 he appeared with Terry on Broadway in the first American presentation of Shaw's "Captain Brassbound's Conversion".
In 1912 Powell started his film career in one to three reel shorts. At the beginning of the 1920s he starred in several Paramount-produced English films. Extant films that feature Powell are "The Dawn of A Tomorrow" (1916), "Less Than Dust" (1916), "Idols of Clay" (1920), "The Virtuous Liar" (1924), "The Green Goddess" (1923 version), and "The Average Woman" (1924).
Powell died of pneumonia in April 1925 at the age of 42. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5991254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991254" title="Schönwald, Bavaria">
Schönwald, Bavaria

Schönwald is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated near the border with the Czech Republic, five km northwest of Selb and 18 km southeast of Hof.

</doc>
<doc id="5991255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991255" title="National Fertilizers">
National Fertilizers

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) is a major Indian producer of inorganic and organic fertilizers and industrial chemicals. Established in 1974, it operates 5 major plants across India.
History.
NFL was established in 1974, as a public-sector undertaking of the Government of India. The company operates under the administrative control of the Department of Fertilizers in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers.
NFL initially operated two plants in Bathinda and Panipat. In 1978, the ownership and operations of the Nangal plant was transferred to NFL.
In 1988, the company built and commissioned its Vijaipur plant in Guna district of Madhya Pradesh. The plant's capacity was doubled to 1.45 million tonnes in 1997.
NFL was granted the Mini-Navratna status with additional autonomy due to its profitable operations. 
In 2001, the company went public, with listings on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5991257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991257" title="Trigger Happy Jack (Drive By a Go-Go)">
Trigger Happy Jack (Drive By a Go-Go)

"Trigger Happy Jack" is a single from the debut album of Poe. The single was the least successful of the three that were released to promote the album, barely making an impact on the charts and quickly fell. The video, however, was quite popular and featured Poe harassing a small man that she keeps in a jar.
Charts.
Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="5991268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991268" title="Robert Hodgson (judge)">
Robert Hodgson (judge)

Sir Robert Hodgson (1798 – 15 September 1880) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, judge, and the second Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island.
Born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, he studied law and was called to the bars of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island in 1819.
In 1852, he was appointed Chief Justice of Prince Edward Island.
He was Lieutenant Governor from 14 July 1874 to 14 July 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="5991274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991274" title="U.S. Forcoli Calcio 1921 A.S.D.">
U.S. Forcoli Calcio 1921 A.S.D.

Unione Sportiva Forcoli Calcio 1921 Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica is an Italian association football club located in Forcoli, a "frazione" of Palaia, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1921.
The team in the season 1999-2000 was promoted from Promozione Tuscany to Eccellenza and in the season 2003-04 from Eccellenza Tuscany to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and dark red.
Current squad.
"To see the players of the current team click here."

</doc>
<doc id="5991275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991275" title="Andeline">
Andeline

---- 
Andeline is an American experimental Indie (music) band that formed in Edmond, Oklahoma in 2004.
Andeline first started as the creation of high school friends Ryan Ainsworth and Jason McManus. Drew Housley was employed on the guitar and stuck with the band until his departure in late 2004. His replacement was Andeline current, Sammy Mitchell.
In 2004 they self-released an EP titled "Based on a Story", which had a very limited print run and was only sold at live appearances. 
In 2005, Andeline signed with Independent Artists Alliance and released their second album, "Transponder Down" (2005), which was widely acclaimed and received attention on the multinational level. 
Andeline differentiated from the music scene in part by the fact that they produced all material solely by themselves. "Transponder Down" was completely self-recorded by Andeline and produced by Guitarist Ryan Ainsworth and Drummer Jason McManus. The artwork for "Transponder Down" was created by McManus as well.
As of February 2006, Andeline had decided to separate.

</doc>
<doc id="5991278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991278" title="Petalioi Gulf">
Petalioi Gulf

The Petalioi Gulf ( - "Kolpos Petalion") is a gulf of the Aegean Sea, Greece. It stretches between the east coast of Attica and the south tip of the island Euboea. It takes its name from the Petalioi islands, that are situated in the northeastern part of the Gulf, off the Euboean coast. The Petalioi Gulf is connected to the South Euboean Gulf to the north. Its length is approximately 50 km long from north to south and its width is approximately 5 km in the north to about 50 km in the south. There are several uninhabited islands in the gulf, including the Petalioi and Makronisos. Promontories include Strongylo and Vigla in the island of Euboea.

</doc>
<doc id="5991279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991279" title="Arts Faculty, Universidad de Chile">
Arts Faculty, Universidad de Chile

In 1849 was created the first Arts School in Chile, as the Painting School was founded inside the University of Chile, under the direction of painter Alejandro Cicarelli, five years later follows the Sculpture and Design School, renaming itself as the Fine Arts School, parallelly in 1849 he Music School of Universidad de Chile was also established.
By 1929 and during a cultural boom, both Schools, plus the Kinematic School were melted into the present day University of Chile's Arts Faculty. In 1941 a Dance Department is added from which the Chile National Ballet was founded.
Same year also the Teatro Experimental was founded under Pedro de la Barra, which eventually become the modern day Theater Departament.
Nowadays the Arts Faculty remain as one of the most important cultural hub in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="5991291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991291" title="Foster Auditorium">
Foster Auditorium

Foster Auditorium is a multi-purpose facility at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. It was built in 1939 as a Works Progress Administration project and has been used for Alabama basketball, women's sports (in the 1970s and 1980s), graduations, lectures, concerts, and other large gatherings, including registration. Its status as the largest indoor building on campus came to an end in 1968 with the opening of the Memorial Coliseum. The building housed the Department of Kinesiology until 2006. In April 2009, the University announced a major renovation for the auditorium. After the renovation, the Crimson Tide women's basketball and volleyball programs moved back to Foster Auditorium, their original home.
The facility is named for Richard Clarke Foster, president of the University of Alabama from 1937 to 1941.
The building was declared a National Historic Landmark on April 5, 2005.
Sports history.
Foster Auditorium was the site of a full court shot during the January 4, 1955 basketball game between the University of Alabama and the University of North Carolina. Alabama player George Linn made the 84 feet 11 inch shot at the end of the first half. The shot was featured in "Sports Illustrated", and is commemorated at the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. A brass marker was placed in the gym floor to indicate the location of the shot.
Stand in the Schoolhouse Door.
More than any other event, Foster Auditorium is known as the site of the "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door" incident. On June 11, 1963, Governor George C. Wallace, making good on a campaign pledge to not allow integration of the University, stood in the doorway of the building on the day of registration. He was attempting to block two black students, Vivian Malone and James Hood, from enrolling at the University. President John F. Kennedy called on the Alabama National Guard to forcibly allow the students to enter the building if need be. Calling it "an unwelcomed, unwanted, unwarranted and force-induced intrusion upon the campus," Wallace denounced the actions, but, seeing as he could not win against the combined efforts of the Guard, federal marshals and Deputy United States Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach, stepped aside, returning to the state capital as Malone and Hood entered for registration. The incident is seen as one of the seminal events in the Civil Rights Movement in America. 
The scene was depicted (with artistic liberties taken) in the 1994 film "Forrest Gump".

</doc>
<doc id="5991292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991292" title="Kilgore Independent School District">
Kilgore Independent School District

Kilgore Independent School District is a public school district based in Kilgore, Texas (USA).
In addition to Kilgore, the district serves rural areas in southern Gregg and northern Rusk counties.
Kilgore is classified by the University Interscholastic League (for academic and athletic competition) as a 4A school, the second largest classification in Texas. 
The Kilgore High School football team won the "Class 4A - Division II" State Championship in 2004.
The Kilgore athletic teams are known as the Bulldogs.
Kilgore's high school football team plays their home games at R.E. St. John Memorial Stadium. They share the facility with Kilgore College's football team.
The district-wide dropout rate was recorded as 1.6% for 2005-2006.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Kilgore's band won the UIL Sweepstakes award in the 2011-2012 scool year, and scored highly in the Area C marching contest in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5991301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991301" title="Ricberht of East Anglia">
Ricberht of East Anglia

Ricberht (), may have briefly ruled East Anglia, a small independent Anglo-Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. Little is known of his life or his reign.
According to Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", Ricberht murdered Eorpwald of East Anglia in about 627, shortly after Eorpwald succeeded his father Rædwald as king and had then been baptised as a Christian. Following Eorpwald's death, Ricberht may have become king, a possibility that is not mentioned by Bede or any contemporary commentator. East Anglia then reverted to paganism for three years, before Sigeberht and Ecgric succeeded jointly as kings of East Anglia and ended the kingdom's brief period of apostasy.
Background.
The earliest East Anglian kings were pagans. They belonged to the Wuffingas dynasty, named after Wuffa, whose ancestors originated from northern Europe and whose descendants ruled the East Angles in an almost unbroken line until after the reign of Ælfwald in the middle of the 8th century. 
When East Anglia was first mentioned by Bede in his "Ecclesiastical History of the English People", it was a powerful kingdom ruled by Rædwald (died about 624). According to Bede, Rædwald was recognised as exercising dominance or "imperium" over the southern Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, a position that was assured when he gave his loyalty and support to Edwin of Northumbria (who was at that time a fugitive at the East Anglian court) and when together they defeated Æthelfrith of Northumbria on the banks of the River Idle, a tributary of the Trent. Rædwald was converted to Christianity in Kent at the invitation of King Æthelberht, but under the influence of his pagan wife, his church contained both a Christian and a pagan altar. 
Upon his death in around 624, Rædwald was succeeded by his surviving son Eorpwald, who was then converted to the Christian faith shortly after becoming king. According to the historian N. J. Higham, Edwin of Northumbria was able to persuade Eorpwald into accepting an "alien cult", whose authority rested outside East Anglia, with Paulinus of York, Edwin's bishop. Eorpwald may have been sponsored by King Edwin at his baptism, which would have resulted in Edwin being acknowledged as Eorpwald's lord. The East Angles may also have been baptised as a people, which would have undermined Eorpwald's authority as king and acted against the authority of any long-established pagan cults.
The assassination of Eorpwald.
Soon after his conversion, Eorpwald was killed by Ricberht, possibly as the result of a pagan reaction to the East Anglian conversion. Nothing about Ricberht's ancestry or background is known, although his name can be taken to imply that he was a member of the East Anglian elite and was perhaps related to Eorpwald. The single source for Ricberht, Bede's "Ecclesiastical History", states that "Eorpwald, not long after he had embraced the Christian faith, was slain by one Ricberht, a pagan;" (""Uerum Eorpuald non multo, postquam fidem accepit, tempore occisus est a uiro gentili nomine Ricbercto;""). It is not known where Eorpwald's murder occurred, or of any other details surrounding his death.
Rule.
Historians generally maintain that Ricberht, if he became king at all, succeeded Eorpwald and ruled for three years. Bede does not mention him again, only noting that "the province was in error for three years" (""et exinde tribus annis prouincia in errore uersata est""), prior to the accession of Eorpwald's half-brother (or brother) Sigeberht and his kinsman Ecgric. 
Scholars have been unable to determine the exact regnal dates of several kings of this period, including that of Ricberht, with any certainty. Higham surmises that Ricberht's ability to rule for three years, at a time when Edwin was overlord among the Anglo-Saxons, implies that Ricberht was supported by the East Angles in overthrowing Eorpwald, whom they regarded as "overly compliant" towards the Northumbrian king. 
It has been speculated by Michael Wood and other historians that Ricberht may have been interred in the Sutton Hoo ship-burial near the Wuffingas centre of authority at Rendlesham, but most experts consider Rædwald to be a more likely candidate. Martin Carver has used the evidence of what he identifies as iconic pagan practices at Sutton Hoo to theorise that the ship burial represents one example of pagan defiance "provoked by the perceived menace of a predatory Christian mission".
Successors.
In about 630, Christianity was permanently re-established in East Anglia when Sigeberht and Ecgric succeeded to rule jointly. Ecgric, who may have been a sub-king until the abdication of Sigeberht in around 634, seems to have remained a pagan. There is no evidence that Ecgric adopted or promoted Christianity: Bede wrote nothing to imply that he was a Christian, in contrast to his praise of the devout Sigeberht, the first English king to receive a Christian baptism and education before his succession.

</doc>
<doc id="5991302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991302" title="Schrozberg">
Schrozberg

Schrozberg is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located west of Rothenburg ob der Tauber, and northeast of Schwäbisch Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="5991323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991323" title="A.S.D. Fortis Juventus 1909">
A.S.D. Fortis Juventus 1909

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Fortis Juventus 1909 is an Italian association football club located in Borgo San Lorenzo, Tuscany. Currently it plays in Italy's Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1909.
In the season 2010-11, from Serie D group E the team was relegated to Eccellenza.
At the end of the 2011–12 Eccellenza season, it was promoted by repechange to Serie D to fill the vacancies created.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and green.

</doc>
<doc id="5991325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991325" title="Marcus Phillips (musician)">
Marcus Phillips (musician)

Marcus Phillips is an American singer/songwriter, actor, filmmaker, and breakdancer. 
Music.
Marcus Phillips wrotes, recorded, and produced music with his brother, Anthony Phillips, from their recording studio in Michigan, Rainwall Studios. Their discography includes 2 full-length CDs, Mud (1999) and A Summer of Yield (2001), as well as 2 singles, Greenweave (1998) and Angel on the Sidewalk (2003). Marcus contributed original songs to the soundtrack of the independent feature film Façade (2005), the short film "Three Little Words" (2005). His music also appeared on the benefit album "Band Together: to Fight Measles" (2008), alongside that of classmate Kina Grannis and neighbor Michael Mazochi.
Marcus Phillips is now located in San Francisco, but "hobo" touring with songs from his new album, Thirst and Burden (2009/2010), recorded in Milwaukee.
Film.
Phillips began his career in the entertainment business as a child actor. His film work includes an uncredited role in Addams Family Values.
Breakdancing.
Phillips was trained in Brighton, England by JP Omari of Floor Crusaders fame starting in 2003. His style reflects his extensive martial arts background: Phillips is a recommended black belt in Tae Kwon Do and has experience with Capoeira, Ju-Jitsu, and Judo. He has performed in Barcelona, Brighton, and Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5991342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991342" title="Schwaan">
Schwaan

Schwaan is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is also the seat of the Schwaan Township, serving another six municipalities.
The town is famous for being a traditional art colony.
Geography.
The area around Schwaan is part of the vast North European Plain, stretching from western France to Russia. Schwaan lies on the lower Warnow river between the cities of Rostock, 17 km to the north, and Güstrow, 20 km to the south. The higher ground to the east and west of the Warnow barely reaches 50 meters above sea level, and the area north to the Baltic Sea is flat.
The nearby villages of Bandow, Dorf Tatschow, Hof Tatschow and Letschow belong to Schwaan.
History.
The area around the Warnow was originally populated by Slavic peoples, which one can still recognize in place and farm names. Schwaan was first mentioned as a town in a record from 1276.
In 1765 a great fire destroyed the entire town except for St. Paul’s Church and a mill. The town was rebuilt in the classical style, especially the townhouses which can be seen today.
In the 19th century, Schwaan was a small country town and the market for the surrounding communities of the Schwaan township. The construction of the railway line from Hamburg to Rostock through Schwaan in 1850 brought an economic boom. The city hall was built only five years later in the neo-Gothic style.
With the coming of the railroad, the town became a getaway destination for residents of the city of Rostock. In 1911 a lung sanatorium was built, which was later expanded into a tuberculosis and rehabilitation clinic. In 1928 the first river bathing resort in Germany was built on the Warnow.
During the World War II Schwaan suffered no damage from bombing, but the Warnow bridge, built in 1828, was dynamited shortly before the end of the war.
Since German reunification in October 1990, the historic center of the town has been completely rehabilitated through an urban renewal program of the German government.
Sister cities.
Since 1990 Schwaan has had a partnership with Loxstedt, south of Bremerhaven in Lower Saxony.
Coat of arms.
The emblem of a swan on a blue shield originated as a town road sign and has represented Schwaan since before 1606 when it first appeared as the town seal.
Blazon: “In Azure a dexter sweeping Argent swan with Or beak and Or feet and with Or ducally gorged.”
Culture and Attractions.
Art Museum at the Water Mill: the Museum of Art present works of art from Mecklenburg. A special emphasis is put on the work of the painters Franz Bunke, Rudolf Bartels, Peter Paul Draewing (all from Schwaan) and Alfred Heinsohn (of Hamburg).
In the market place is the war memorial for the victims of 1870-71, constructed in 1895. On its front is a relief medallion of Frederick Francis IV, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, created by the sculptor Hermann Hultzsch. The monument is crowned by an Iron Cross.
Transport.
Schwaan is located on the Rostock-Güstrow and Rostock-Bützow-Schwerin railway lines.
The town is well connected to the national highway network, with Bundesautobahn 19 (comparable to a freeway, expressway or interstate highway) and Bundesautobahn 20 about 15 km to the north and east. Also to the east, about 16 km, is the Rostock-Laage Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5991348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991348" title="Ghost (comics)">
Ghost (comics)

Ghost, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5991388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991388" title="Roy Drusky">
Roy Drusky

Roy Frank Drusky Jr. (June 22, 1930 – September 23, 2004) was an American country music singer popular from the 1960s through the early 1970s. Known for his baritone voice, he was known for incorporating the Nashville sound and for being the first artist to record a song written by Kris Kristofferson ("Jody and the Kid"). His highest-charting single was the No. 1 "Yes Mr. Peters", a duet with Priscilla Mitchell.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Drusky was born in 1930, in Atlanta, Georgia. His mother, a church organist, had tried for years to get her son into music as a child, but he was focused more on sports. Originally planning to become a baseball player, he began his music career in the early 1950s performing on a Decatur, Georgia radio station. He began singing while in the US Navy during the 1940s, and later attended Emory University and studied veterinary medicine. During this time, he also played country music with a group he founded, the Southern Ranch Boys. 
Drusky also worked as a disc jockey. In 1953, he signed with Starday Records; the first single he released was called "Such a Fool". That same year, he joined the Grand Ole Opry. A couple of years later, he recorded for Columbia Records, but none of his work gained much success.
Work as a songwriter.
Faron Young, a well-known country singer, helped Drusky's career by recording his songs. Two songs he wrote, "Alone With You" and "Country Girl", Young turned into No. 1 country hits. After that, Drusky moved on to Decca Records.
Height of his career.
Drusky charted in Cashbox with "Wait and See" and "Our Church Your Wedding" in 1959.
In 1960, Drusky finally struck it big. At Decca Records, where he worked with producer Owen Bradley, he released a single called "Another", which he co-wrote. Bradley was a well-known producer who had led legendary country singer Patsy Cline into big success in the early '60s as well. Bradley helped smooth out Drusky's orchestral tones; the next year, Drusky reached the Country Top 10 with the single "Second Hand Rose". 
In 1963, Drusky switched to Mercury Records and released his first hit from his new record company the same year he signed on to it. The song was called "Peel Me a Nanner", which was written by Bill Anderson. He cut a lot of duets with Priscilla Mitchell: one of his biggest hits with her was the No. 1 hit "Yes Mr. Peters". (Mitchell was the wife of Jerry Reed, another well-known country singer.) During his career, Drusky racked up a number of Top 40 Country hits. 
Some of his Top 40 songs were written by famous singer-songwriters. Liz Anderson wrote "Pick of the Week" for him as well as "(My Friends Are Gonna Be) Strangers" which is best remembered by the concurrent hit by Merle Haggard although Drusky's was actually the more successful record at the time. Kris Kristofferson wrote "Jody and the Kid." Another song, "Red, Red Wine", was written by Neil Diamond. 
Drusky appeared on most of the country music television programs of the era; and in 1965, he appeared in the movie "White Lightnin' Express" and two other films as well, "The Golden Guitar" and "Four Acre Feud".
The 1970s.
Drusky had his most successful record in several years with 1970's "Long Long Texas Road", a top 5 hit. He continued to score several top 40 country hits with the occasional low-charting single. 
Drusky's last top 40 country was a remake of "A Satisfied Mind" in 1973 which had earlier been a hit for both Porter Wagoner and Jean Shepard. He made his last appearance on the Billboard charts in 1974 but occasionally recorded on smaller record labels into the 1990s. He also recorded a number of gospel albums for Chapel Records during this period. He also returned to writing and producing music, the latter of which he had done since the 1960s. 
Drusky's membership with the Grand Ole Opry ensured him exposure for decades long after the radio hits stopped coming. He appeared regularly on the program until the year of his death, singing the hit songs he had racked up in the 1960s and 1970s in addition to performing country standards from other artists, which became a tradition at the Opry.
Death.
On September 23, 2004, Drusky died at age 74 from complications stemming from lung cancer, which he fought for several years. A memorial service was held at the Highland Seventh-day Adventist Church, in Portland Tennessee. The service was attended by many of Drusky's long time friends, musicians, recording artists and family.

</doc>
<doc id="5991390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991390" title="Fulvio Valbusa">
Fulvio Valbusa

Fulvio Valbusa (born February 15, 1969 in Verona) is an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1992 to 2006. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 2006 and a silver in 1998. He also finished 5th in three other cross country events at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano (10 km + 15 km combined pursuit, 30 km, and 50 km).
Valbusa also won 5 medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, including 1 silver (15 km: 2005) and 4 bronzes (10 km + 15 km combined pursuit: 1999, 4 x 10 km relay: 1995, 1997, 1999). He also won three FIS races at 15 km in 1996, 1997, and 2004.
He is the older brother of cross country skier Sabina Valbusa.

</doc>
<doc id="5991396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991396" title="Cyclotomic unit">
Cyclotomic unit

In mathematics, a cyclotomic unit (or circular unit) is a unit of an algebraic number field which is the product of numbers of the form (ζ − 1) for ζ an "n"th root of unity and 0 < "a" < "n". Note that if "n" is the power of a prime ζ − 1 itself is not a unit; however the numbers (ζ − 1)/(ζ − 1) for ("a", "n") = 1, and ±ζ generate the group of cyclotomic units in this case ("n" power of a prime). 
The cyclotomic units form a subgroup of finite index in the group of units of a cyclotomic field. The index of this subgroup of "real" cyclotomic units (those cyclotomic units in the maximal real subfield) within the full unit group is equal to the class number of the maximal real subfield of the cyclotomic field. 
Note also that if "n" is a composite number, the subgroup of cyclotomic units generated by (ζ − 1)/(ζ − 1)with ("a", "n") = 1 is not of finite index in general. 
The cyclotomic units satisfy "distribution relations". Let "a" be a rational number prime to "p" and let "g""a" denote exp(2πi"a")−1. Then for "a"≠ 0 we have formula_1.
Using these distribution relations and the symmetry relation ζ − 1 = -ζ (ζ − 1) a basis "B""n" of the cyclotomic units can be constructed with the property that 
"B""d" ⊆ "B""n" for "d" | "n". 

</doc>
<doc id="5991409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991409" title="Skarpåker Stone">
Skarpåker Stone

The Skarpåker Stone, designated by Rundata as Sö 154, is a Viking Age memorial runestone that was originally located in Skarpåker, Nyköping, Sörmland, Sweden, and which dates to the early 11th century.
Description.
The runestone was discovered in 1883 in a field at Skarpåker, but in 1883 was moved to Lindö and then moved to its current location in that city in 1928. The Skarpåker Stone is 1.8 meters in height and notable for a skaldic younger futhark inscription in two nearly identical lines. The eschatology of the verse, "the Earth shall be rent, and the heavens above", apparently expressing a father's devastation at the loss of his son, can be compared to the father's lament in the "Sonatorrek". It also evokes the catastrophic end of the world in Germanic mythology, described in the "Poetic Edda" as Ragnarök and also alluded to in the "Muspilli". The phrase "heavens above" or "high heaven" is used in three existing skaldic poems and in Old Saxon and Old English religious poetry and on the charm on the Ribe runic healing stick DR EM85;493, with "earth and high heaven" apparently a common Germanic poetic phrase. The line on the Skarpåker Stone also invokes the following lines from the third stanza of the "Völuspá":
The text is carved on a serpent that arches over a depiction of a ship with a cross as its mast. Other runic inscriptions from the Viking Age which depict ships include DR 77 in Hjermind, DR 119 in Spentrup, DR 220 in Sønder Kirkeby, DR 258 in Bösarp, DR 271 in Tullstorp, DR 328 in Holmby, DR EM85;523 in Farsø, Ög 181 in Ledberg, Ög 224 in Stratomta, Ög MÖLM1960;230 in Törnevalla, Sö 122 in Skresta, Sö 158 in Österberga, Sö 164 in Spånga, Sö 351 in Överjärna, Sö 352 in Linga, Vg 51 in Husaby, U 370 in Herresta, U 979 in Gamla Uppsala, U 1052 in Axlunda, U 1161 in Altuna, and Vs 17 in Råby. Three stones, the Hørdum and Långtora kyrka stones and U 1001 in Rasbo, depict ships but currently do not have any runes on them and may never have had any. While including older pagan references in the runic text, the overall theme of the inscription on the Skarpåker Stone, with the ship and cross, is Christian.
The inscription on the Skarpåker Stone has been attributed to a runemaster named Traen and is classified as being carved in runestone style Pr1, which is also known as the Ringerike style. This is the classification for inscriptions with runic text bands that end in serpent or animal heads depicted as seen from above.

</doc>
<doc id="5991414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991414" title="Schwarzenbach am Wald">
Schwarzenbach am Wald

Schwarzenbach am Wald is a town in the district of Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 21 km west of Hof, and 23 km northeast of Kulmbach.
Geographic.
Geographical Situation.
Schwarzenbach am Wald is situated in a natural environment at the bottom of the Döbraberg in the natural park Frankenwald

</doc>
<doc id="5991423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991423" title="24th G8 summit">
24th G8 summit

The 24th G8 Summit was held at Birmingham, England, United Kingdom between 15 and 17 May 1998. The venue for this summit meeting was the International Convention Centre, Birmingham.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States and Canada starting in 1976. The G8, meeting for the first time in 1997, was formed with the addition of Russia. In addition, the President of the European Commission has been formally included in summits since 1981. The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the initial summit of the Group of Six (G6) in 1975.
Leaders at the Summit.
The G8 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G8 participants.
These summit participants are the current "core members" of the international forum:
Priorities.
Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda for negotiations, which take place primarily amongst multi-national civil servants in the weeks before the summit itself, leading to a joint declaration which all countries can agree to sign.
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.
Accomplishments.
In 1998, the summit leaders proclaimed an "Action Program on Forests" with a pledge to report back on progress in 2000, but there is little evidence of follow-up action or program.
Business opportunity.
For some, the G8 summit became a profit-generating event; as for example, the official "G8 Summit" magazines which have been published under the auspices of the host nations for distribution to all attendees since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5991428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991428" title="2002 FIFA World Cup Group A">
2002 FIFA World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2002 FIFA World Cup began on 31 May 2002, and concluded on 11 June 2002. The group contained 1998 winners, France, two-time winners Uruguay, Denmark and FIFA World Cup debutants Senegal.
Overall competition.
From the outset, it was apparent that the group would not pan out as expected, as Senegal beat France 1–0 in the opening match of the tournament. France followed this with a draw against Uruguay, in a match in which their star striker, Thierry Henry was sent off, before rounding out the group with another defeat to Denmark. Senegal's other two matches finished as draws, including a well-earned point against Denmark, and a bad-tempered game against Uruguay, in which 12 players were booked.
Denmark started the group well, beating Uruguay in Ulsan, before a late Senegal equaliser in Daegu prevented them from qualifying for the Round of 16 with a game to spare. Instead, they were forced to play France knowing that a draw would see them through to the next round. They won the game, 2–0, and finished top of the group, thanks to Senegal's draw with Uruguay.
Uruguay, as dark horses of the group, never really got going, their high point being a goalless draw with a sub-par France side. However, they did manage to put three goals past Senegal in a high-scoring draw, but their loss to Denmark in their opening game had dashed any hopes they may have had of qualifying for the Round of 16.
"All times local (UTC+9)"

</doc>
<doc id="5991437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991437" title="Hearts of Oak (New York militia)">
Hearts of Oak (New York militia)

The Hearts of Oak (originally "The Corsicans") were a volunteer militia based in the British colonial Province of New York and formed circa 1775 in New York City. Its members included students at King's College (now Columbia University) such as Nicholas Fish, Robert Troup and, perhaps most famously, Alexander Hamilton. The company drilled in the graveyard of nearby St. Paul's Chapel before classes in uniforms they designed themselves, consisting of short green tight-fitting jackets, a round leather hat with a cockade and the phrase "Liberty or Death" on the band, and a badge of red tin hearts on their jackets with the words "God and Our Right" (the motto "Dieu et mon droit" and translated into English and adapted to make its possessive pronoun plural).
In August 1775 the Hearts of Oak participated in a successful raid, while under fire from the HMS "Asia", to seize cannon from the Battery, thereby becoming an artillery unit thereafter.
In 1776 Hamilton was given a commission as a Captain by the revolutionary New York Provincial Congress with instructions to raise the New York Provincial Company of Artillery (today the Regular Army's 1st Battalion, 5th Field Artillery) and the mission to protect Manhattan Island. The Hearts of Oak formed its core.

</doc>
<doc id="5991438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991438" title="Spanish architecture">
Spanish architecture

Spanish architecture refers to architecture carried out in any area in what is now Spain, and by Spanish architects worldwide. The term includes buildings within the current geographical limits of Spain before this name was given to those territories (whether they were called Iberia, Hispania, Al-Andalus or were formed of several Christian kingdoms). Due to its historical and geographical diversity, Spanish architecture has drawn from a host of influences. Iberian architecture started to take shape in parallel with other architectures around the Mediterranean and others from Northern Europe.
A real development came with the arrival of the Romans, who left behind some of their most outstanding monuments in Hispania. The arrival of the Visigoths brought about a profound decline in building techniques which was paralleled in the rest of the former Empire. The Moorish conquest in 711 CE lead to a radical change and for the following eight centuries there were great advances in culture, including architecture. For example, Córdoba was established as the cultural Capital of its time under the Muslim Umayyad dynasty. Simultaneously, the Christian kingdoms gradually emerged and developed their own styles, at first mostly isolated from European architectural influences, and later integrated into Romanesque and Gothic streams, they reached an extraordinary peak with numerous samples along the whole territory. The Mudéjar style, from the 12th to 17th centuries, was characterised by the blending of cultural European and Arabic influences.
Towards the end of the 15th century, and before influencing Latin America with its Colonial architecture, Spain itself experimented with Renaissance architecture, developed mostly by local architects. Spanish Baroque was distinguished by its exuberant Churrigueresque decoration and the most sober Herrerian style, both developing separately from later international influences. The Colonial style, which has lasted for centuries, still has a strong influence in Latin America. Neoclassicism reached its peak in the work of Juan de Villanueva and his disciples.
The 19th century had two faces: the engineering efforts to achieve a new language and bring about structural improvements using iron and glass as the main building materials, and the academic focus, firstly on revivals and eclecticism, and later on regionalism. The arrival of Modernism in the academic arena produced figures such as Gaudí and much of the architecture of the 20th century. The International style was led by groups like GATEPAC. Spain is currently experiencing a revolution in contemporary architecture and Spanish architects like Rafael Moneo, Santiago Calatrava, Ricardo Bofill as well as many others have gained worldwide renown.
Because of their artistic relevance, many architectural sites in Spain, and even portions of cities, have been designated World Heritage sites by UNESCO. Spain has the second highest number of World Heritage Sites in the world; only Italy has more. "These are listed at List of World Heritage Sites in Europe: Spain."
Prehistory.
Megalithic architecture.
In the Stone Age, the most expanded megalith in the Iberian Peninsula was the dolmen. The plans of these funerary chambers used to be pseudocircles or trapezoids, formed by huge stones stuck on the ground, and others over them, forming the roof. As the typology evolved, an entrance corridor appeared, and gradually took prominence and became almost as wide as the chamber. Roofed corridors and false domes were common in the most advanced stage. The complex of Antequera contains the largest dolmens in Europe. The best preserved, the Cueva de Menga, is twenty-five metres deep and four metres high, and was built with thirty-two megaliths.
The best preserved examples of architecture from the Bronze Age are located in the Balearic Islands, where three kinds of construction appeared: the T-shaped taula, the talayot and the naveta. The talayots were troncoconical or troncopiramidal defensive towers. They used to have a central pillar. The navetas, were constructions made of great stones and their shape was similar to a ship hull.
Iberian and Celtic architecture.
The most characteristic constructions of the Celts were the Castros, walled villages usually on the top of hills or mountains. They were developed at the areas occupied by the Celts in the Duero valley and in Galicia. Examples include Las Cogotas, in Ávila and the Castro of Santa Tecla, in Pontevedra. 
The houses inside the Castros are about 3.5 to 5 meters long, mostly circular with some rectangular, stone-made and with thatch roofs which rested on a wood column in the centre of the building. Their streets are somewhat regular, suggesting some form of central organization. 
The towns built by the Arévacos were related to Iberian culture, and some of them reached notable urban development like Numantia. Others were more primitive and usually excavated into the rock, like Termantia.
Roman period.
Urban development.
The Roman conquest of Hispania, started in 218 BC supposed the almost complete romanization of the Iberian Peninsula. Roman culture was deeply assumed by local population: Former military camps and Iberian, Phoenician and Greek settlements were transformed in large cities where urbanization highly developed in the provinces: Emerita Augusta in the "Lusitania", Corduba, Italica, Hispalis, Gades in the "Baetica", Tarraco, Caesar Augusta, Asturica Augusta, Legio Septima Gemina and Lucus Augusti in the "Tarraconensis" were some of the most important cities, linked by a complex net of roads. The construction development includes some monuments of comparable quality to those of the capital, Rome.
Constructions.
Civil engineering represented in imposing constructions like the Aqueduct of Segovia or Mérida (acueducto de los Milagros), in bridges like Alcántara Bridge and Mérida bridge, over Tagus River, or Córdoba bridge, over Guadalquivir River. Civil works were widely developed in Hispania under Emperor Trajan (98-117 AD). Lighthouses like the one still in use Hercules Tower, in La Coruña, were also built. 
Ludic architecture is represented by such buildings as the theaters of Mérida, Sagunto or Tiermes, the amphitheaters like the ones in Mérida, Italica, Tarragona or Segobriga and circuses were built in Mérida, Córdoba, Toledo, Sagunto and many others.
Religious architecture also spread thougout the Peninsula: examples include the temples of Córdoba, Vic, Mérida (Diana and Mars), and Talavera la Vieja, among others. The main funerary monuments are the Escipiones tower of Tarragona, the distyle of Zalamea de la Serena in Badajoz, and the Mausoleums of the Atilii family, in Sádaba and of Fabara, in Ampurias, both in Zaragoza. Arches of the Triumph can be found in Cáparra (four faced), Bará and Medinaceli.
Pre-Romanesque period.
The term Pre-Romanesque refers to the Christian art after the Classical Age and before Romanesque art and architecture. It cover very heterogeneous artistic displays for they were developed in different centuries and by different cultures. Spanish territory boasts a rich variety of Pre-Romanesque architecture: some of its branches, like the Asturian art reached high levels of refinement for their era and cultural context.
Asturian art.
The kingdom of Asturias arose in 718, when the Astur tribes, rallied in assembly, decided to appoint Pelayo as their leader. Pelayo joined the local tribes and the refuged Visigoths under his command, with the intention of progressively restoring Gothic Order.
Asturian Pre-Romanesque is a singular feature in all Spain, which, while combining elements from other styles as Visigothic and local traditions, created and developed its own personality and characteristics, reaching a considerable level of refinement, not only as regards construction, but also in terms of aesthetics. 
As regards its evolution, from its appearance, Asturian Pre-Romanesque followed a ""stylistic sequence closely associated with the kingdom's political evolution, its stages clearly outlined"." It was mainly a court architecture, and five stages are distinguished; a first period (737-791) from the reign of the king Fáfila to Vermudo I. A second stage comprises the reign of Alfonso II (791-842), entering a stage of stylistic definition. These two first stages receive the name of "Pre-Ramirense". Its most important church is San Julián de los Prados, in Oviedo, with an interesting volumetry and a complex iconographical frescoes program, related narrowly to the Roman mural paintings. The characteristic lattices and the triple window at the chevet appeared first at this stage. The Holy Chamber of the Cathedral of Oviedo, San Pedro de Nora and Santa María de Bendones also belong to it.
The third period comprises the reigns of Ramiro I (842-850) and Ordoño I (850-866). It is called "Ramirense" and is considered the zenith of the style, due to the work of an unknown architect who brought new structural and ornamental achievements like the barrel vault, and the consistent use of transverse arches and buttresses, which made the style rather close to the structural achievements of the Romanesque two centuries later. Some writers have pointed to an unexplained Syrian influence of the rich ornamentation. In that period most of the masterpieces of the style flourished: The palace pavilions of Naranco Mountain (Santa Maria del Naranco and San Miguel de Lillo) and the church of Santa Cristina de Lena were built in that period. 
The fourth period belongs to the reign of Alfonso III (866-910), where a strong Mozarab influence arrived to Asturian architecture, and the use of the horse-shoe arch expanded. A fifth and last which coincides with the transfer of the court to León, the disappearance of the kingdom of Asturias, and simultaneously, of Asturian Pre-Romanesque.
Repopulation architecture.
From the ending of the 9th to the beginning of the 11th century a number of churches were built in the Northern Christian kingdoms. They are widely but incorrectly known as Mozarabic architecture. This architecture is a summary of elements of diverse extraction irregularly distributed, of a form that in occasions predominate those of paleo-Christian, Visigothic or Asturian origin, while at other times emphasizes the Muslim impression.
The churches have usually basilica or centralized plans, sometimes with opposing apses. Principal chapels are of rectangular plan on the exterior and ultra-semicircular in the interior.
The horseshoe arch of Muslim evocation is used, somewhat more closed and sloped than the Visigothic as well as the alfiz. Geminated and tripled windows of Asturian tradition and grouped columns forming composite pillars, with Corinthian capital decorated with stylized elements.
Decoration has resemblance to the Visigothic based in volutes, swastikas, and vegetable and animal themes forming projected borders and sobriety of exterior decoration. Some innovations are introduced, as great lobed corbels that support very pronounced eaves.
A great command of the technique in construction can be observed, employing ashlar, walls reinforced by exterior buttresses and covering by means of segmented vaults, including by the traditional barrel vaults.
The architecture of Al-Andalus.
The Caliphate of Córdoba.
The Moorish conquest of the former Hispania by the troops of Musa ibn Nusair and Tariq ibn Ziyad, and the overthrowing of the Umayyad dynasty in Damascus, led to the creation of an independent Emirate by Abd ar-Rahman I, the only surviving prince who escaped from Abbasids, and established his capital city in Córdoba. It was to become the cultural capital of Occident from 750 to 1009. The architecture built in Al-Ándalus under the Umayyads evolved from the architecture of Damascus with the addition of aesthetic achievements of local influence: the horse-shoe arch, a distinctive of Spanish Arab architecture was taken from Visigoths. Architects, artists and craftsmen came from the Orient to construct cities like Medina Azahara whose splendour couldn't have been imagined by the European kingdoms of the era.
The most outstanding construction of the Umayyad Córdoba is the Great Mosque, built in consecutive stages by Abd ar-Rahman I, Abd ar-Rahman II, Al-Hakam II and Al-Mansur.
The Taifas.
The Caliphate disappeared and was split into several small kingdoms called Taifas. Their political weakness was accompanied by a cultural retreat, and together with a quick advance of the Christian kingdoms, the taifas clung to the prestige of structures and forms of the style of Córdoba. The recession was felt in the construction techniques and in the materials, though not in the profusion of the ornamentation. The lobes of multifoil arches were multiplied and thinned, transformed in lambrequins, and all the Caliphal elements were exaggerated. Some magnificent examples of the Taifa architecture have reached our times, like the Palace of the Aljafería, in Zaragoza, or the small mosque of Bab-Mardum, in Toledo, later transformed into one of the first examples of Mudéjar architecture (Cristo de la Luz hermitage).
Almoravids and Almohads.
The Almoravids invaded Al-Andalus from north Africa in 1086, and unified the taifas under their power. They developed their own architecture, but very little of it remains because of the next invasion, that of the Almohads, who imposed Islamic ultra-orthodoxy and destroyed almost every significant Almoravid building, together with Medina Azahara and other Caliphate constructions. Their art was extremely sober and bare, and they used brick as their main material. Virtually their only superficial decoration, the "sebka", is based in a grid of rhombuses. The Almohads also used palm decoration, but this was nothing more than a simplification of the much more decorated Almoravid palm. As time passed, the art became slightly more decorative. The best known piece of Almohad architecture is the Giralda, the former minaret of the Mosque of Seville. Classified as Mudéjar, but immersed in the Almohad aesthetic, the synagogue of Santa María la Blanca, in Toledo, is a rare example of architectural collaboration between the three cultures of Medieval Spain.
Nasrid architecture of the Kingdom of Granada.
After the dissolution of the Almohad empire, the scattered Moorish kingdoms of the south of the Peninsula were reorganized, and in 1237, the Nasrid kings established their capital city in Granada. The architecture they produced was to be one of the richest produced by Islam in any period. This owed a great deal to the cultural heritage of the former Moorish styles of Al-Ándalus, that the Nasrids eclecticly combined, and to the close contact with the northern Christian Kingdoms. The palaces of Alhambra and the Generalife are the most outstanding constructions of the period. The structural and ornamental elements were taken from Cordobese architecture (horse-shoe arches), from Almohads ("sebka" and palm decoration), but also created by them, like the prism and cylindrical capitals and mocárabe arches, in a gay combination of interior and exterior spaces, of gardening and architecture, that aimed to please all the senses. Unlike the Umayyad architecture, which made use of expensive and imported materials, the Nasrids used only humble materials: clay, plaster and wood. However, the aesthetic outcome is full of complexity and is mystifying for the beholder: The multiplicity of decoration, the skillful use of light and shadow and the incorporation of water into the architecture are some of the keys features of the style. Epigraphy was also used on the walls of the different rooms, with allusive poems to the beauty of the spaces.
Mudéjar Style.
The architecture of the Moors and native Andalusians who remained in Christian territory but were not converted to Christianity is called Mudéjar Style. It developed mainly from 12th to 16th centuries and was strongly influenced by Moorish taste and workmanship but constructed for the use of Christian owners. Thus, it is not really a pure style: Mudéjar architects frequently combined their techniques and artistic language with other styles, depending of the historical moment. Thus we can refer to Mudéjar, but also to Mudéjar-Romanesque, Mudéjar-Gothic or Mudéjar-Renaissance.
The Mudéjar style, a symbiosis of techniques and ways of understanding architecture resulting from Jewish, Muslim and Christian cultures living side by side, emerged as an architectural style in the 12th century. It is characterised by the use of brick as the main building material. Mudéjar did not involve the creation of new structures (unlike Gothic or Romanesque), but reinterpreting Western cultural styles through Islamic influences. The dominant geometrical character, distinctly Islamic, emerged conspicuously in the accessory crafts using cheap materials elaborately worked—tilework, brickwork, wood carving, plaster carving, and ornamental metals. Even after the Muslims were no longer employed, many of their contributions remained an integral part of Spanish architecture.
It is accepted that the Mudéjar style was born in Sahagún. Mudéjar extended to the rest of the Kingdom of León, Toledo, Ávila, Segovia, and later to Andalusia, especially Seville and Granada. The Mudéjar Rooms of the Alcázar of Seville, although classified as Mudéjar, are more closely related to the Nasrid Alhambra than to other buildings of the style as they were created by Pedro of Castile, who brought architects from Granada who experienced very little Christian influence. Centers of Mudéjar art are found in other cities, like Toro, Cuéllar, Arévalo and Madrigal de las Altas Torres. It became highly developed in Aragon, with 3 main focuses: Zaragoza, Calatayud, and Teruel, during the 13th, 14th and 15th centuries. In Teruel a wide group of imposing churches and towers were built. Other fine examples of Mudéjar can be found in Casa Pilatos (Seville), Santa Clara Monastery, in Tordesillas, or the churches of Toledo, one of the oldest and most outstanding Mudéjar centers. In Toledo, the synagogues of Santa María la Blanca and El Tránsito (both Mudéjar though not Christian) deserve special mention.
Romanesque period.
Romanesque first developed in Spain in the 10th and 11th centuries, before Cluny`s influence, in Lérida, Barcelona, Tarragona and Huesca and in the Pyrenees, simultaneously with the north of Italy, as what is called "First Romanesque" or "Lombard Romanesque". It is a very primitive style, whose characteristics are thick walls, lack of sculpture and the presence of rhythmic ornamental arches, typified by the churches in the Valle de Bohí. 
The full Romanesque architecture arrived with the influence of Cluny through the Way of Saint James, that ends in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. The model of the Spanish Romanesque in the 12th century was the Cathedral of Jaca, with its characteristic plan and apse, and its "chessboard" decoration in stripes, called "taqueado jaqués". As the Christian Kingdoms advanced southwards, this model spread throughout the reconquered areas with some variations. Spanish Romanesque also shows the influence of Spanish pre-Romanesque styles, mainly Asturian and Mozarabic. But there is also a strong Moorish influence, especially the vaults of Córdoba's Mosque, and the multifoil arches. In the 13th century, some churches alternated in style between Romanesque and Gothic. Aragón, Navarra and Castile-Leon are some of the best areas for Spanish Romanesque architecture.
The Gothic period.
The gothic style arrived in Spain as a result of European influence in 12th century when late Romanesque alternated with a few expressions of pure Gothic architecture like the Cathedral of Ávila. The High Gothic arrived in all its strength through the Way of Saint James in the 13th century, with some of the purest Gothic cathedrals, with German and French influence: the cathedrals of Burgos, León and Toledo. 
The most important post-13th century Gothic styles in Spain are the Levantino and Isabelline Gothic. Levantino Gothic is characterised by its structural achievements and their unification of space, with masterpieces as La Seu (cathedral) in Palma de Mallorca, Valencia's silk market, (Lonja de Valencia), and Santa Maria del Mar (Barcelona).
Isabelline Gothic, created during the times of the Catholic Monarchs, was part of the transition to Renaissance architecture, but also a strong resistance to Italian Renaissance style. Highlights of the style include Saint John of The Kings in Toledo and the Royal Chapel of Granada.
Renaissance.
In Spain, Renaissance began to be grafted to Gothic forms in the last decades of the 15th century. The style started to spread made mainly by local architects: that is the cause of the creation of a specifically Spanish Renaissance, that brought the influence of South Italian architecture, sometimes from illuminated books and paintings, mixed with gothic tradition and local idiosyncrasy. The new style was called Plateresque, because of the extremely decorated façades, that brought to the mind the decorative motifs of the intricately detailed work of silversmiths, the "Plateros". Classical orders and candelabra motifs ("a candelieri") were combined freely into symmetrical wholes. 
In that scenery, the Palace of Charles V by Pedro Machuca, in Granada, supposed an unexpected achievement in the most advanced Renaissance of the moment. The palace can be defined as an anticipation of the Mannerism, due to its command of the classical language and its rupturist aesthetical achievements. It was constructed before the main works of Michelangelo and Palladio . Its influence was very limited, and, misunderstood, Plateresque forms imposed in the general panorama.
As decades passed, the gothic influence disappeared and the research of an orthodox classicism reached high levels. Although Plateresco is a commonly used term to define most of the architectural production of the late XV and first half of XVI, some architects acquired a more sober personal style, like Diego Siloe and Rodrigo Gil de Hontañón. Examples include the façades of the University of Salamanca and of the Convent of San Marcos in León. 
The highlight of Spanish Renaissance is represented by the Royal Monastery of El Escorial, made by Juan Bautista de Toledo and Juan de Herrera where a much closer adherence to the art of ancient Rome was overpassed by an extremely sober style. The influence from Flanders roofs, the symbolism of the scarce decoration and the precise granite cut were established as the basis of a new style that would influence Spanish architecture for a century: Herrerian. A disciple of Herrera, Juan Bautista Villalpando was influential for interpreting the recently revived text of Vitruvius to suggest the origin of the classical orders in Solomon's Temple.
Baroque period.
As Italian Baroque influences penetrated across the Pyrenees, they gradually superseded in popularity the restrained classicizing approach of Juan de Herrera, which had been in vogue since the late sixteenth century. As early as 1667, the façades of Granada Cathedral (by Alonso Cano) and Jaén Cathedral (by Eufrasio López de Rojas) suggest the artists' fluency in interpreting traditional motifs of Spanish cathedral architecture in the Baroque aesthetic idiom.
Vernacular Baroque with its roots still in Herrera and in traditional brick construction was developed in Madrid throughout the 17th century. Examples include Plaza Mayor and the Major House.
In contrast to the art of Northern Europe, the Spanish art of the period appealed to the emotions rather than seeking to please the intellect. The Churriguera family, which specialized in designing altars and retables, revolted against the sobriety of the Herreresque classicism and promoted an intricate, exaggerated, almost capricious style of surface decoration known as the Churrigueresque. Within half a century, they transformed Salamanca into an exemplary Churrigueresque city. 
The evolution of the style passed through three phases. Between 1680 and 1720, the Churriguera popularized Guarini's blend of Solomonic columns and composite order, known as the "supreme order". Between 1720 and 1760, the Churrigueresque column, or estipite, in the shape of an inverted cone or obelisk, was established as a central element of ornamental decoration. The years from 1760 to 1780 saw a gradual shift of interest away from twisted movement and excessive ornamentation toward a neoclassical balance and sobriety. 
Two of the most eye-catching creations of Spanish Baroque are the energetic façades of the University of Valladolid (Diego Tomé, 1719) and Hospicio de San Fernando in Madrid (Pedro de Ribera, 1722), whose curvilinear extravagance seems to herald Antonio Gaudí and Art Nouveau. In this case as in many others, the design involves a play of tectonic and decorative elements with little relation to structure and function. However, Churrigueresque baroque offered some of the most impressive combinations of space and light with buildings like Granada Charterhouse, considered to be the apotheosis of Churrigueresque styles applied to interior spaces, or the "Transparente" of the Cathedral of Toledo, by Narciso Tomé, where sculpture and architecture are integrated to achieve notable light dramatic effects.
The Royal Palace of Madrid and the interventions of Paseo del Prado ("Salón del Prado" and "Alcalá" Doorgate) in the same city, deserve special mention. They were constructed in a sober Baroque international style, often mistaken for neoclassical, by the Bourbon kings Philip V and Charles III. The Royal Palaces of La Granja de San Ildefonso, in Segovia, and Aranjuez, in Madrid, are good examples of baroque integration of architecture and gardening, with noticeable French influence (La Granja is known as the "Spanish Versailles"), but with local spatial conceptions which in some ways display the heritage of the Moorish occupation.
Rococo was first introduced to Spain in the (Cathedral of Murcia, west façade, 1733). The greatest practitioner of the Spanish Rococo style was a native master, Ventura Rodríguez, responsible for the dazzling interior of the Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar in Zaragoza (1750).
Spanish Colonial architecture.
The combination of the Native American and Moorish decorative influences with an extremely expressive interpretation of the Churrigueresque idiom may account for the full-bodied and varied character of the Baroque in the American colonies of Spain. Even more than its Spanish counterpart, American Baroque developed as a style of stucco decoration. Twin-towered façades of many American cathedrals of the seventeenth century had medieval roots and the full-fledged Baroque did not appear until 1664, when the Jesuit shrine on Plaza des Armas in Cusco was built. 
The Peruvian Baroque was particularly lush, as evidenced by the monastery of San Francisco in Lima (1673), which has a dark intricate façade sandwiched between the twin towers of local yellow stone. While the rural Baroque of the Jesuite missions (estancias) in Córdoba, Argentina, followed the model of Il Gesù, provincial "mestizo" (crossbred) styles emerged in Arequipa, Potosí and La Paz. In the eighteenth century, the architects of the region turned for inspiration to the Mudéjar art of medieval Spain. The late Baroque type of Peruvian façade first appears in the Church of Our Lady of La Merced, Lima (1697–1704). Similarly, the Church of La Compañia, Quito (1722–65) suggests a carved altarpiece with its richly sculpted façade and a surfeit of spiral salomónica. 
To the north, the richest province of 18th-century New Spain — Mexico — produced some fantastically extravagant and visually frenetic architecture known as New Spanish Churrigueresque. This ultra-Baroque approach culminates in the works of Lorenzo Rodríguez, whose masterpiece is the Sagrario Metropolitano in Mexico City (1749–69). Other fine examples of the style may be found in the remote silver-mining towns. For instance, the Sanctuary at Ocotlán (begun in 1745) is a top-notch Baroque cathedral surfaced in bright red tiles, which contrast delightfully with a plethora of compressed ornament lavishly applied to the main entrance and the slender flanking towers.
The true capital of New Spanish Baroque is Puebla, Puebla, where a ready supply of hand-painted glazed tiles (talavera) and vernacular gray stone led to its evolving further into a personalised and highly localised art form with a pronounced Indian flavour.
Neoclassical Style.
The extremely intellectual postulates of Neoclassicism succeeded in Spain less than the much more expressive of Baroque. Spanish Neoclassicism was spread by the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of San Fernando, founded in 1752. The main figure was Juan de Villanueva, who adapted Burke's achievements about the sublime and the beauty to the requirements of Spanish clime and history. He built the Prado Museum, that combined three programs- an academy, an auditorium and a museum- in one building with three separated entrances. This was part of the ambitious program of Charles III, who intended to make Madrid the Capital of Art and Science. Very close to the museum, Villanueva built the Astronomical Observatory. He also designed several summer houses for the kings in El Escorial and Aranjuez and reconstructed the Major Square of Madrid, among other important works. Villanuevas´ pupils Antonio López Aguado and Isidro González Velázquez spread the Neoclassical style through the center of the country.
19th century.
Eclecticism and Regionalism.
During the second half of the 19th century, the architectural revivals dominated the scene in Europe, and so happened in Spain. Architects focused in choosing which was the most appropriated historical style for each use or occasion. Neoclassicism opened the gates to Neo-Gothic, Neo-Egyptian, Neo-Byzantine, Neo-Romanesque, and so on. This all led to a particular new style made of the mixture of several old styles in the same construction: the Eclecticism. It is difficult to trace a clear line to separate styles as Modernisme, Industrial iron architecture and Eclecticism, as very often architects took some features of several of them for their works. This is the case of Antonio Palacios, co-designer with Joaquín Otamendi of the Communications Palace of Madrid ("Palacio de Comunicaciones de Madrid"), inaugurated in 1909.
In the first half of the 20th century, another wave of revivals emerged, mainly after the Iberoamerican Exhibition of Seville in 1929: the Regionalisms. Features of the different regional vernacular architectures took then the protagonism.
Neo-Mudéjar Style.
In the late 19th century a new architectural movement emerged in Madrid as a revival of the Mudéjar architecture. The Neo-Mudéjar soon spread to other regions of the country. Such architects as Emilio Rodríguez Ayuso perceived the Mudéjar art as characteristical and exclusive Spanish style. They started to construct buildings using some of the features of the ancient style, as horse-shoe arches and the use of the abstract shaped brick ornamentations for the façades. It became a popular style for bull rings and for other public constructions, but also for housing, due to its cheap materials, mainly brick for exteriors.
The Neo-Mudéjar was often combined with Neo-Gothic features.
Architecture of glass and iron.
During the Industrial Revolution, the new use of iron and glass as the main materials for building construction was, as in the rest of Europe, applied specially in train stations, winterhouses. industrial buildings and pavilions for exhibitions. The architects who most developed this style were Ricardo Velázquez Bosco and Alberto del Palacio, although glass for façades and iron for structures were used to some extent by other architects, as Antonio Palacios, Enrique María Repullés y Vargas or Narciso Pascual y Colomer.
20th century.
Catalan Modernisme.
When the city of Barcelona was allowed to expand beyond its historic limits in the late 19th century, the resulting "Eixample" ("extension": "larger than the old city"; by Ildefons Cerdà), became the site of a burst of architectural energy known as the Modernisme movement. Modernisme broke with past styles and used organic forms for its inspiration in the same way as the concurrent Art-Nouveau and Jugendstil movements in the rest of Europe. Most famous among the architects represented there is Antoni Gaudí, whose works in Barcelona and spread in other parts of Catalonia, León and Cantabria mixing traditional architectural styles with the new, were a precursor to modern architecture. Perhaps the most famous example of his work is the still-unfinished La Sagrada Família, the largest building in the "Eixample".
Other notable Catalan architects of that period include Lluís Domènech i Montaner and Josep Puig i Cadafalch, although their approachal to Modernisme was largely more linked to Neo-Gothic shapes.
Modernist architecture.
The creation in 1928 of the GATCPAC group in Barcelona, followed by the foundation of GATEPAC (1930) by architects, mainly from Zaragoza, Madrid, San Sebastián and Bilbao, established two groups of young architects practicing the Modern Movement in Spain. Josep Lluis Sert, Fernando García Mercadal, Jose María de Aizpurúa and Joaquín Labayen among others were organised in three regional groups.
Other architects explored the Modern Style with their personal views: Casto Fernández Shaw with his visionary work, most of it on paper, Josep Antoni Coderch, with his integration of the Mediterranean housing and the new style concepts or Luis Gutiérrez Soto, mostly influenced by the Expressionist tendencies.
In 1929 World's Fair was held in Barcelona and the German pavilion designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe became an instant icon; amalgamating Rohe's minimalism and notions of truth to materials with a De Stijl influenced treatment of planes in space. The large overhanging roof famously 'hovers' apparently unsupported. 
During and after the Spanish Civil War and World War II, Spain found herself both politically and economically isolated. The consequent effect of which, in tandem with Franco's preference for "a deadening, nationalistic sort of classical kitsch", was to largely suppress progressive modern architecture in Spain. Nevertheless, some architects were able to reconcile advances in construction with official approval, notably in the prolific output of Gutiérrez Soto whose interest in topology and rational distribution of space effectively alternated historical revivals and rationalist imagery with ease. Luis Moya Blanco's achievements in the construction with brick vaults deserve also a mention. His interest in traditional brick construction lead him to a deep investigation into the modern formal possibilities of that material.
In the last decades of the Franco's life, a new generation of architects rescued the legacy of the GATEPAC with strength: Alejandro de la Sota was the pioneer in that new way, and young architects as Francisco Javier Sáenz de Oiza, Fernando Higueras and Miguel Fisac, often with modest budgets, investigated in prefabrication and collective housing typos.
The death of Franco and the return of democracy brought a new architectural optimism to Spain in the late 1970s and 1980s. Critical regionalism became the dominant school of thought for serious architecture. The influx of money from EU funding, tourism and a flowering economy strengthened and stabilised Spain's economic base, providing fertile conditions for Spanish architecture. A new generation of architects emerged, amongst whom were Enric Miralles, Carme Pinós, and the architect/engineer Santiago Calatrava. The 1992 Barcelona Olympics and the World's Fair in Seville, further bolstered Spain's reputation on the international stage, to the extent that many architects from countries suffering from recessions, moved to Spain to assist in the boom. In recognition of Barcelona's patronage of architecture, the Royal Institute of British Architects awarded the Royal Gold Medal to Barcelona in 1999, the first time in its history the award was made to a city. Bilbao attracted the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation to construct a new gallery which opened in 1997. Designed by Frank Gehry in a deconstructivist manner, the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao became world famous and single-handedly raised the profile of Bilbao on the world stage. Such was the success of the museum that the construction of iconic architecture in towns aspiring to raise their international profile has become a recognised town planning strategy known as the "Bilbao effect".
21st century.
In 2006, the exhibition "On-Site: New architecture in Spain" was held in the MoMA. It defined Spain as a country that has lately become known as an international center for design innovation and excellence, as it is shown in the fact that seven Pritzker awarded architects were selected for the exhibition. As Terence Riley, then in charge of the Architectural Department of the MoMA said: "There is not a "Spanish" architectural style. But there is an increasingly level of quality and beauty within the new projects, probably more than other part of the world".
The curator also stated that in Spain there is a lot of construction as there is even more in China. "However, while in China you cannot find hardly any interesting proposal, there are a lot in Spain. Their variety and open-minded lines are surprising.".
In 2006, Terminal 4 of Barajas Airport by Richard Rogers and Antonio Lamela won the British Stirling Prize. The Barcelona Torre Agbar or Agbar Tower, by French architect Jean Nouvel combines different architectural concepts, resulting in a striking structure built with reinforced concrete, covered with a façade of glass, with its window openings cut out of the structural concrete. There are also other minor projects in cities such as acting in Niemeyer Avilés estuary or the "City of Culture" of Eisenman in Santiago de Compostela, both without a complete but opened in 2010.
From 2008, Spain experienced the late-2000s recession in a particularly severe way and especially in construction, which suffered a sharp drop. Many of the public and private architectural developments were cancelled of indefinitely delayed.
In 2011 the Oscar Niemeyer International Cultural Centre was inaugurated in Avilés, Asturias. This is the only work of the Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer in Spain. It has five elements: an open square, a dome, a tower, an auditorium and a multi-purpose building.
Vernacular architecture.
Due to the strong climatic and topographic differences throughout the country, the vernacular architecture shows a plentiful variety. Limestone, slate, granite, clay (cooked or not), wood, grass are used in the different regions, and also structure and distribution differ largely depending of the regional customs. Some of this constructions are houses (like cortijo, carmen, barraca, casona, caserío, pazo, alquería), as well as the next pictured ones:

</doc>
<doc id="5991440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991440" title="Westbury-sub-Mendip">
Westbury-sub-Mendip

Westbury-sub-Mendip is a village in Somerset, England, with a population of about 800, situated on the southern slopes of the Mendip Hills from Wells and Cheddar.
The parish boundary is formed by the River Axe
History.
There is evidence, from flint finds, of occupation of a site, known as Westbury Sleight during the Mesolithic period, which fieldwork during 2007 suggested was a platform cairn with field banks of Bronze age date. In 1969 traces of an infilled cave were discovered in a limestone quarry which produced numerous bones from extinct animals and flakes of flint and chert.
Westbury-sub-Mendip was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Westberie", meaning 'The west hill under the Mendip Hills' from the Old English "west" and "beorg". It was the property of Gisa, Bishop of Wells. However given the etymology quoted by Ekwall a more likely meaning is 'fortified enclosure west (of Wells)'. The 'fortification' may have been the Iron Age fort above the neighbouring village of Rodney Stoke; or the sub-circular enclosure around a British church or monastery; or around the lord of the manor's hall, now Court House Farm.
The parish was part of the hundred of Wells Forum.
The village once had a railway station on the Cheddar Valley line, also known as the Strawberry Line. The station, known as Lodge Hill, apparently to avoid confusion with Westbury in Wiltshire, is now an industrial estate providing employment for the village. Until recently the former railway line was an airfield for light aircraft.
The village has a number of amenities including a primary school, parish church, post office and pub. Social events include the annual Club Day on Spring Bank Holiday Monday. This involves a parade through the village led by a brass band. The event is organised by The Westbury Friendly Society, which is one of the five surviving Friendly Societies in Somerset. The church of St Lawrence at Westbury was given to the Augustinian canons of Bruton Priory by Robert, Bishop of Bath, in the 12th century. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Westbury-sub-Mendip won the title of Somerset Village of the Year 2006.
During 2009 a K6 Red telephone box in the village was converted into a library or book exchange replacing the services of the mobile library which no longer visits the village.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of Mendip, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Wells Rural District, which is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Wells county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.

</doc>
<doc id="5991444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991444" title="Today (Poe song)">
Today (Poe song)

"Today" is a song Poe contributed to the soundtrack of the film "Great Expectations" in 1998. The song was released as a single in order to promote the film and soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="5991446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991446" title="Schwarzenbach an der Saale">
Schwarzenbach an der Saale

Schwarzenbach an der Saale is a town in the district of Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Saale, 11 km south of Hof. Within the town is the Gedenkstätte Langer Gang, a memorial to the Nazi victims of the Helmbrechts concentration camp, which was near Schwarzenbach an der Saale, and particularly of the victims of the death march from Helmbrechts concentration camp to Volary.
After the war, Erika Fuchs, German translator of Carl Barks's comics, lived and worked in Schwarzenbach for fifty years. Currently, a comic museum named after her is being built in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5991448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991448" title="List of people legally executed in Australia">
List of people legally executed in Australia

Thomas Barrett was the first person hanged in Australia. His crime was forgery. He turned metal into money. He was 17 years of age. His death was regretted by officials as Thomas's trade was highly regarded as a rare talent, and a useful one. His skills were sought after.

</doc>
<doc id="5991449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991449" title="U.S.D. Lavagnese 1919">
U.S.D. Lavagnese 1919

Unione Sportiva Dilettante Lavagnese 1919 is an Italian association football club located in Lavagna, Liguria. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
Regional Serie C.
Unione Sportiva Dilettanti Lavagnese was founded in 1919, but it was only in 1948 that reached the first milestone: third place in Serie C North Group B . According to the Regulation, the first team in each group, then became two after this season, he was entitled to entry into the new Serie C, managed by the National League: coming third, failed to reach a spot in the new league. From that moment began a dark period for Lavagnese, which was playing in minor categories such as Promozione and Prima Categoria.
Serie D.
Since the season 2002-03 it plays in Serie D: the current is the 13th consecutive.
Serie D 2011-12.
In the 2011-12 season Lavagnese gained access to the Serie D promotion play-off advancing through to the 4th round, where it was eliminated by Cosenza.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="5991451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991451" title="White Oak Independent School District">
White Oak Independent School District

White Oak Independent School District is a public school district based in White Oak, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5991459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991459" title="Japanese rice fish">
Japanese rice fish

The Japanese rice fish ("Oryzias latipes"), also known as the medaka and Japanese killifish, is a member of genus "Oryzias" (ricefish), the only genus in the subfamily "Oryziinae". This rather small (2–4 cm long)
native of Southeast Asia is a common denizen of rice paddies in coastal Asia. It became popular as an aquarium fish because of its hardiness and pleasant coloration: its coloration varies from brown or yellow-gold in the wild to white, creamy yellow, or orange in aquarium-bred individuals. The medaka has been a popular pet since the 17th century in Japan. It is amphidromous, meaning it moves between salt and freshwater at some point in its life. It is found in both ocean and river habitats. The female carries her eggs attached between her anal fins.
Description.
"Oryzias latipes" is a model organism and is extensively used in many areas of biological research, most notably in toxicology. Medaka have a short gestation period and are reproductively prolific — characteristics that make them easy to rear in the laboratory. They can withstand cold and can be shipped easily. Nearly all aspects of the life cycle of medaka have been analyzed by researchers including sexual behavior, genetic inheritance of coloration, spawning habits, feeding, pathology, embryological development, ecology, etc. 
Transgenic medaka are relatively easy to produce. They have been genetically modified to secrete various human hormones, express promoter sequences from other fish, and to make antimicrobial proteins and a protein that makes the medaka glow fluorescent green. There are also many mutations that show up in medaka at random, for example, a mutant strain that lacks scales, and one with extra-long fins. Haploid embryonic stem cell lines have been established.
In space.
"O. latipes" carries the distinction of having been the first vertebrate to mate in orbit. The result of the mating was a brood of healthy fry, hatched on the Space Shuttle "Columbia" in 1994. "O. latipes" returned to space in 2012, launched aboard a Soyuz spacecraft Soyuz TMA-06M and housed in an aquarium aboard the International Space Station.

</doc>
<doc id="5991461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991461" title="List of renamed Indian cities and states">
List of renamed Indian cities and states

Ever since the British left India in 1947, many cities, streets, places, and buildings throughout India were assigned new "Indian names". Certain old names, however, continue to be popular.

</doc>
<doc id="5991468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991468" title="Connecticut Agricultural Fair">
Connecticut Agricultural Fair

The Connecticut Agricultural Fair was held annually the last full weekend of July on the Goshen Fairgrounds in Goshen, Connecticut. A total community event, the Connecticut Agricultural Fair was a not-for-profit event run solely by over 300 volunteers from all corners of Connecticut and beyond. The Connecticut Agricultural Fair offered three days of family-oriented recreation including contests, livestock exhibits, commercial displays, live national, regional, as well as local entertainment, youth and junior fair activities, equipment displays, and tractor pulls. 
The Connecticut Agricultural Fair was designated as a “Major” fair in Connecticut, a member of the International Association of Fairs and Expositions (IAFE), as well as the Connecticut Association of Fairs.
History.
The Connecticut Agricultural Fair was founded in 1967 by the members and granges of the Connecticut State Grange. Their mission then, and today, is to promote agriculture and to educate the public about its importance in everyone's lives. The first Connecticut Agricultural Fair was held on the Durham Fairgrounds, where it was held until the mid-1980s when the Fair moved to its final location on the Goshen Fairgrounds in Litchfield County, in the foothills of the Berkshire Mountains. In 2006, the Connecuticut State Grange canceled the fair permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="5991483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991483" title="Zassenhaus">
Zassenhaus

Zassenhaus is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5991491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991491" title="Schwarzheide">
Schwarzheide

Schwarzheide is a town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Schwarze Elster, 11 km southwest of Senftenberg, 110 km south of Berlin and 40 km north of Dresden. The little river Pössnitz runs through the eastern part of Schwarzheide.
Neighbouring communities.
Immediate neighbors of the town are the towns Ruhland (south), Lauchhammer (west), Schipkau (north) and Senftenberg with the district Brieske (east).
Districts.
Schwarzheide has the following districts
History.
The town's landmark is the watertower. Today´s industrial town, Schwarzheide, was created on October 1, 1936, from the independent communities, Zschornegosda (today Schwarzheide-West) and Naundorf (now part of Schwarzheide-Ost). The name was translated from the Sorbian name, "Zschornegosda", ("corny" = black, "gozd" = heath, wood).
The date of foundation of this community is unknown. Zschornegosda and Naundorf were founded in the 12th or the 13th century after the Christianization of the Sorbs.
The first written evidence of Naundorf (as "Nuwendorff") came from a pledge deed from 1421. Zschornegosda was first written in 1449 (as "Cschörnegast") in feudal deed of Duke Frederick II, Elector of Saxony. Naundorf is a typical street village. Zschornegosda is a rotunde called "okolnica". The chapel was on the highest point of a sandy knoll.
The development of both villages was retarded by wars, fires, and epidemics. Until the 18th century, the villages had no more than 100 inhabitants.
In 1780, the discovery of lignite coal west of Zschornegosda in Bockwitz lead to mining and the foundation of briquette factories (Ferdinand, Victoria, Victoria II). The river, Schwarze Elster, was drained and converted to a canal, so it was no longer possible to live from fishing. Highway A13 was built in 1936.
When the village's population reached eight-thousand inhabitants, the village became a town on January 11, 1967.
After 1990, Synthesewerk Schwarzheide became a part of BASF AG, which manufactures polyurethane.
Political affinity.
The river, Schwarze Elster, forms the border between lower and upper Lusatia.
From 1635, both Zschornegosda and Naundorf were part of Saxony. In 1815 both villages came to Prussia because of the Congress of Vienna.
Between 1818 and 1952, Zschornegosda and Naundorf were part of Kreis Calau.
From 1952 to 1990, Schwarzheide was a part of Kreis Senftenberg in Bezirk Cottbus.
In 1990, town was annexed to Brandenburg, and, on December 6, 1993, to Oberspreewald-Lausitz.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.
Parliament.
The town parliament of Schwarzheide comprises the mayor and 18 members.
The turnout stood at 56,9 percent.
Culture and art.
Symbol is the 36 m high watertower built in 1943/44 by French prisoners of war.Lutherkirche from 1754 is also located in the center. The oldest nightclub in eastern Germany is "Freizeitpark Wandelhof" and there is also a cinema with four sals and 650 places.
Natur and recreation areas.
Pine forests, lakes, meadows, and pastures surround Schwarzheide. The Lusatian Lake District and Spreewald are also near Schwarzheide.
Sports.
Eurospeedway Lausitz is near.
Infrastructure.
Transport.
federal highway 13 Bundesautobahn 13 from Berlin to Dresden, in south B 169. There is a rail way point in Schwarzheide-Ost.
Street.
A 13 (E 55): Berlin–Dresden (Anschlussstelle (16) Schwarzheide and Anschlussstelle (17) Ruhland)
Railway.
RE 18: Falkenberg (Elster)–Bad Liebenwerda–Lauchhammer–Ruhland–Schwarzheide-Ost–Senftenberg–Drebkau–Cottbus
Companies.
The largest employer is BASF Schwarzheide GmbH. Other companies include Fränkische Rohrwerke and PeinigerRöRo.
Education.
In Schwarzheide exist a secondary school (Schwarzheide-Wandelhof), a high school(Emil-Fischer), a division of Oberstufenzentrums Lausitz (OSZ) to train laboratory technicians and chemistss, and a music school.

</doc>
<doc id="5991498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991498" title="Bernard Waber">
Bernard Waber

Bernard Waber (September 27, 1921-May 16, 2013) was an American children's author most famous for the books "The House on East 88th Street" (1962), "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile" (1965) and the subsequent books in the "Lyle" series.
Background.
He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Henry and Pauline Waber. Although he started a degree in finance at the University of Pennsylvania, he left school to enroll in the army at the onset of World War II. From 1942 to 1945, Waber served the United States Army as a staff sergeant. Immediately following the end of the war, he returned to his studies at the Philadelphia College of Art. Waber graduated and earned his degree in 1951.
Upon graduation, Waber launched his career as a commercial artist. Soon after, he began illustrating and writing children's books. At the age of 28, Bernard married Ethel Bernstein, and the couple moved to New York City and had three children. When his children were young, Waber worked in the art department of Condé Nast Publications, writing his books at night and on the weekends.
Writing.
Waber wrote numerous children's books about the adventures of animals, including "Do You See a Mouse?", "Evie and Margie", "An Anteater named Arthur", and "A Lion Named Shirley Williamson". Waber's "Lyle" series, started in 1962, was his most well-known set of children's books. In the books, Lyle is a city-dwelling crocodile that lives in a bathtub. Lyle's character brings joy to everyone he meets.
Shortly after the attacks of September 11, 2001, Waber wrote the book "Courage". In the book, through various characters, children are taught the meaning of bravery.
Waber died May 16, 2013, from kidney failure. At the time of his death, his publishing company, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, said that his 33 books had sold a total of 1.75 million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5991503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991503" title="Kom language">
Kom language

The Kom language, "Itaŋikom", is the language spoken by the Kom people of Cameroon. Shultz 1997a and Shultz 1997b (available online) contain a comprehensive description of the language's grammar.
Kom is a tonal language with three tones.[http://faculty.ed.umuc.edu/~jmatthew/articles/langdiverse.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5991505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991505" title="The Shadow (1994 film)">
The Shadow (1994 film)

The Shadow is a 1994 American superhero film, directed by Russell Mulcahy, based on the character of the same name created by Walter B. Gibson in 1931, and starring Alec Baldwin, John Lone, Penelope Ann Miller, Peter Boyle, Ian McKellen, Tim Curry, and Jonathan Winters.
Plot.
The story begins somewhere in Tibet after the First World War. An American named Lamont Cranston (Alec Baldwin), succumbing to his darker instincts during the war, has set himself up as a brutal warlord and opium kingpin under the alias of "Ying-Ko" (Mandarin Chinese > "Dark Eagle").
He is abducted from his palace by servants of the "Tulku" (voiced by Barry Dennen), a holy man who exhibits otherworldly powers and knows Cranston's identity. He informs Cranston that he is to become a force for good. Cranston objects but is silenced by the "Phurba" (voiced by Frank Welker), a mystical living triple-edged knife that assaults Cranston, wounding him. Cranston is unable to refuse and remains under the tutelage of the Tulku for seven years. He learns to "cloud men's minds," a form of mystical, psychic hypnosis that allows him to influence others' thoughts and bend their perceptions so he cannot be seen, except for his Shadow (since light itself cannot be deceived), hence the replacement of Ying-Ko as his alias.
Cranston returns to New York and resumes his previous life. No one is aware of his past in the East; he is seen as a shallow and opulent playboy. He operates as The Shadow, a vigilante that terrorizes the underworld. Citizens who are saved by The Shadow are recruited to be his agents, providing him with informants and specialists. The existence of The Shadow is regarded by the public as nothing more than an urban legend. But The Shadow's secret is endangered when Cranston meets Margot Lane (Penelope Ann Miller), an eccentric socialite who is also a natural telepath. He is intrigued, but unable to continue seeing her as he cannot keep his thoughts from her.
Cranston is challenged by Shiwan Khan (John Lone), another student of the Tulku who possesses even sharper powers, but had successfully resisted redemption and hence had stayed evil. Khan is the last descendant of Genghis Khan and plans to fulfill his ancestor's goal of world domination. He offers Cranston an alliance, sensing that bloodlust and a thirst for power still exist in his heart, but Cranston refuses. Cranston acquires a rare coin from Khan and learns that it is made of a metal called "bronzium" (an impure form of uranium) that theoretically can generate an explosion large enough to destroy a city. This suspicion is confirmed when he learns that Margot's father Reinhardt (Ian McKellen), an atomic scientist working for the War Department, has vanished.
Shiwan Khan hypnotizes Margot Lane and sends her to assassinate Cranston, hoping that Cranston will be forced to kill her, thus reawakening his darker side. Instead, Cranston breaks Khan's hold on her, but she is now aware of his secret identity. Cranston prepares to rescue Reinhardt but is thwarted by several of Khan's henchmen. The Shadow suffers another setback when he confronts Reinhardt's former assistant, Farley Claymore (Tim Curry), who has joined Khan's forces. Claymore traps The Shadow in a submersion tank, but Cranston escapes drowning by mentally summoning Margot. The Shadow learns of Khan's hideout: the luxurious Hotel Monolith, a building in the middle of the city that Shiwan Khan, mastering the "tulku's" greatest secret, has rendered invisible; it appears to everyone else as an empty lot, but The Shadow sees it even through Khan's mental clouding. Knowing that Khan has Reinhardt hostage and the completed atomic bomb in his possession, he infiltrates the hotel for a final showdown.
The Shadow fights his way through the hotel, killing Claymore and Khan's warriors. He faces Khan but is subdued by the Phurba, sustaining multiple injuries until he realizes that only a peaceful mind can truly control the Phurba. Overcoming Khan's command of the knife, he launches the Phurba into Khan's torso. The injury breaks Khan's concentration, freeing Reinhardt from his hypnotic state and rendering the hotel visible to everyone. The Shadow pursues Khan into the bowels of the building while Margot and Reinhardt disable the atomic bomb—and almost fail due to Reinhardt's color blindness. The Shadow defeats Khan by psychically hurling a glass shard into his skull.
Khan awakens in a padded cell, confused as to how he got there. He discovers that his powers no longer work. He learns that the doctors saved his life by removing the part of his brain that harbored his psychic abilities. He demands to be set free, but is ignored along with the rants of the other inmates. Unknown to him, the doctor is an agent of The Shadow who has ensured that Khan is no longer a threat.
Now safe from Khan, Cranston gives in to his love for Margot, but duty calls soon after, and he promises to find her later that night. Margot asks how he will know where to find her, and Cranston reassures her, ""The Shadow Knows!""
Production.
Producer Martin Bregman bought the rights to "The Shadow" in 1982. Screenwriter David Koepp had listened to "The Shadow" radio show as a child when CBS radio re-ran it on Sunday nights. He was hired in 1990 to write a new draft and was able to find the right tone that the studio liked. Bregman remembers, “Some of them were light, some of them were darker, and others were supposedly funnier – which they weren’t. It just didn’t work”. Koepp's script relied predominantly on the pulp novels while taking the overall tone from the radio show with the actual plot originated by Koepp himself in consultation with Bregman.
In an attempt to differentiate the film from other superhero films of the time, Koepp focused on “the copy line, ‘Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?’ and wondered how he knew what evil lurks in the hearts of men. And I decided that perhaps it was because he was uncomfortably familiar with the evil in his own heart”. For Koepp, the film then became “a story of guilt and atonement”. He picked Shiwan Khan as the film’s villain because “he was bold and he knew what he was doing – he wanted to conquer the world. That was very simple, maybe a little ambitious, but he knew exactly what he wanted.” He had always been a fan of Alec Baldwin and wrote the script with him in mind: "He has the eyes and the voice; he had so much of what I pictured Cranston being". Koepp also sat in on rehearsals and incorporated a lot of the actor’s humor into the script.
The film was shot on the Universal backlot in Hollywood on five soundstages over 60 days with a five day mini-unit tour of location shooting, and a week lost when an earthquake destroyed the Hall of Mirrors set. Mulcahy said, “There are a lot of FX in this film, but it’s not a FX film. It’s a character/story-driven film. The FX are part of the story.”
Soundtrack.
The Arista Records label released a soundtrack album in 1994. The soundtrack featured selections from Jerry Goldsmith's score and other songs from the film.
Track Listing:
Significantly, Camille Saint-Saëns's 1872 composition "Le Rouet d'Omphale" ("Omphale's Spinning Wheel") is not used in the film's score.
In 2012, Intrada released a 2-CD package that features the world premiere of the entire soundtrack composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Reception.
Box office.
The film was meant to be a summer blockbuster and the starting point for a new film franchise with toy, game and clothing lines. However, the film suffered from competition for its target audience with, among others, "The Lion King" (during its early run) and "The Mask" (later on), and it was a financial disappointment. The film started off strongly, debuting at No. 2, but failed to sustain any momentum, and grossed $32 million domestically, with a worldwide total of $48 million against a budget of $40 million. The planned franchise never materialized.
Critical.
The film received mostly mixed to negative reviews, with a 36% rating on review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes, with the consensus as "Visually impressive, but ultimately forgettable." The more detailed summary described the film as having "impressive" visuals and a story that does not "strike a memorable chord." "Entertainment Weekly" placed the film on its "21 Worst Comic-Book Movies Ever" list. However, on Siskel and Ebert, noted critic Roger Ebert gave the film a positive review.
Despite its failure, the film retained a cult following in subsequent years, as well as success on VHS and DVD, much like two other 1990s pulp/comic adaptations, "The Rocketeer" and "The Phantom".
Other media.
Video game.
A Shadow video game for the Super Nintendo was developed to tie in with the 1994 film, but, after the low box office gross, was never released, though ROMS are available.
Pinball game.
Midway (under the "Bally" label) released a Shadow themed pinball machine in 1994. Brian Eddy ("Attack From Mars," "Medieval Madness") designed the game. It was his first pinball game design, and it was moderately successful. Dan Forden composed original music for the game.
Novelization.
James Luceno wrote the novelization which went deeper into the events of the film and included many nods to the radio show and the original pulp magazines, most significantly alluding to the fact that The Shadow's true identity was Kent Allard and that 'Lamont Cranston' was just another identity he assumed.

</doc>
<doc id="5991520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991520" title="2006–07 in Belgian football">
2006–07 in Belgian football

The 2006-2007 season is the 104th competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
Following promotion from the Belgian Second Division, Mons have returned to the Belgian First Division immediately after dropping to the second division during the 2004-2005 season. La Louvière has dropped from the first division after finishing last, they were also refused a licence which caused them to drop two levels and so they now play in the Belgian Third Division.
National team.
After failing to qualify for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Belgium will try to start the qualifying campaign for the 2008 European Football Championship better. To do this, René Vandereycken, the national coach, has already been looking for new younger players to create a new squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5991526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991526" title="USS Marl (IX-160)">
USS Marl (IX-160)

USS "Marl" (IX-160), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for marl. Her keel was laid down under Maritime Commission contract (T. B7.D1) by Barrett & Hilp, Belair Shipyard, South San Francisco, California, on 16 November 1943. She was launched on 2 February 1944 sponsored by Mrs. J. M. Ryan, converted for Navy use as a cargo barge, acquired by the Navy under loan charter from the Maritime Commission on 29 August 1944; and placed in service at San Francisco the same day.
Service history.
Assigned to duty with Service Squadron 8, "Marl" was towed to the Philippines where during the remainder of the war in the Pacific she provided facilities for storing and issuing United States Army and United States Marine Corps supplies at Leyte. On 23 September 1945 she departed San Pedro Bay under tow by and headed in convoy bound for Okinawa. A vicious typhoon dispersed the convoy north of the Philippines on 29 September, and mountainous seas parted "Marl" front her towline early the next day. She was recovered following the storm and towed to Subic Bay on 7 October. She underwent repairs to damaged machinery and continued duty as cargo stores barge until 2 August 1946 when she was placed out of service and delivered to War Shipping Administration. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 15 August 1946. "Marl" was sold by the Maritime Commission to the Asia Development Corporation on 4 September 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5991529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991529" title="U.S. Poggibonsi">
U.S. Poggibonsi

Unione Sportiva Poggibonsi is an Italian association football club located in Poggibonsi, Tuscany. It currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
History.
The club was founded in 1925.
Prior to 2006–2007, the latest appearance of Poggibonsi at the professional level was on 2002–2003. After that season, the team was excluded from playing Serie C2 by the federation because of financial problems, and admitted to Eccellenza. Poggibonsi promptly won the league in its first attempt, and played Serie D from 2004 to 2006, when the club, which ended the 2005–06 Serie D season in third place, was promoted because of cancellation of league winners Fortis Spoleto and second-placed Fortis Juventus renunciation to play in the Serie C2 league. The club ended its 2006–07 Serie C2 campaign in thirteenth place, one point above the relegation playoff spots, and is therefore expected to play Lega Pro Seconda Divisione (the rebranded Serie C2) in the 2007–08 season.
Colors and badge.
The team colors are red and yellow.
Famous managers.
The famous and notable coach Antonio Soda from 2 February 2011 to the end of the 2010-11 season has been the coach of Poggibonsi, ranking 8th in the group B of the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="5991536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991536" title="Sebnitz">
Sebnitz

Sebnitz (IPA: ) is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Geography.
The town of Sebnitz lies in the valley of the River Sebnitz and its side valleys between 251 and 460 m above sea level between the mountains of Saxon Switzerland and the Lusatian Highlands. Topographically the town itself lies in the West Lusatian Upland, but lies right on the border with the Upper Lusatian Highlands. Because the natural region of Saxon Switzerland is also very close by, the countryside around the town is very varied. The local hill of Sebnitz is the Tanečnice (Tanzplan) which is on Czech territory. 
The municipality consists of the town Sebnitz itself, Schönbach (joined 1935), Hainersdorf (joined 1920), Hertigswalde (joined 1950), Hinterhermsdorf (joined 1998) and the former municipality Kirnitzschtal (joined 2012), that consisted of the villages Altendorf, Mittelndorf, Lichtenhain, Ottendorf and Saupsdorf.
History.
Sebnitz was first mentioned in a document of 1223/1241 outlining the borders between the kingdom of Bohemia and the diocese of Meißen. In 1451 it was first mentioned as a town. A new town hall was built in 1714/1715, but was destroyed together with numerous other buildings, among them the school house, in a fire in 1854. Around 1900 Sebnitz became a centre of the manufacture of artificial flowers. From 1952 until 1994 the town was the administrative centre of the district Sebnitz. Sebnitz hosted the Festival "Tag der Sachsen" in 2003.
Transport.
Sebnitz railway station is served by the Städtebahn Sachsen which operates a two-hourly service along Saxon Switzerland Ring between Pirna, Neustadt in Sachsen, Sebnitz and Bad Schandau. The Kirnitzschtalbahn, a rural tramway, serves the Lichtenhain Waterfall from Bad Schandau.

</doc>
<doc id="5991537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991537" title="Fabio Maj">
Fabio Maj

Fabio Maj (born June 16, 1970 in Schilpario) is an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1992 to 2004. He won two silver medals in the 4 x 10km relay at the Winter Olympics (1998, 2002). He also finished 13th in the 10 km + 15 km combined pursuit at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano and 13th in the 30 km event at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City which were his best individual Olympic finishes.
Maj also won 2 bronze medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Nordic skiing World Championships (1995, 1999). His best individual finish was 7th in the 30 km at the 2001 event.
Maj also won six times during 1993-2002 in the Continental and World Cups as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5991578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991578" title="Ahu">
Ahu

Ahu or AHU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5991587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991587" title="The Hired Heart">
The Hired Heart

The Hired Heart is a 1997 made-for-television film starring Penelope Ann Miller, Brett Cullen and Barry Corbin. It was directed by Jeremy Kagan and Jeff Elison.

</doc>
<doc id="5991606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991606" title="Gladewater Independent School District">
Gladewater Independent School District

Gladewater Independent School District is a public school district based in Gladewater, Texas (USA). 
In addition to Gladewater, the district serves Clarksville City and Warren City in northwestern Gregg County, parts of Upshur County, and northeastern Smith County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Alma Mater.
Dear Gladewater, Our Alma Mater
On the field we cheer you
In our hearts revere you
Dear School Mother, We love no other
As we love and honor you
We shall treasure friendships made within your halls
Mingle with the memories of your Hallowed walls
So, dear Gladewater, Our Alma Mater
We'll be ever true to GHS!
Fight Song.
Here come the Bears better let them by!
Here come the Bears with the battle cry!
See them rolling putting on the steam
Everybody's rooting for the team
They've got the zip and they've got the fight
They'll win the game alright!
They can't be tamed and they can't be beat
They don't know the word defeat
So everybody on your feet!!
Cause Here Come the BEARS!

</doc>
<doc id="5991611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991611" title="Beesley's Point Bridge">
Beesley's Point Bridge

The Beesley's Point Bridge was a bridge in New Jersey, United States, that was built privately by the Ocean City Automobile Club in 1927. Completed in 1928, control of the bridge was acquired by the Beesley's Point Bridge Company. It was a toll bridge from its opening. Prior to its closing, it was best known for carrying US 9 over the Great Egg Harbor Bay, connecting Upper Township, in Cape May County to Somers Point in Atlantic County. Prior to 1955, the bridge concurrently carried the Garden State Parkway over the Great Egg Harbor Bay. When the Parkway completed its own bridge over the bay, each had its own alignment with the Garden State Parkway using the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.
Through the decades, the Beesley's Point Bridge Company became unable to fund repairs on the aging bridge. In 1997, the bridge in conjunction with private outside investors, secured a $1 million loan from the New Jersey Department of Transportation to fund the necessary improvements in exchange for a promise that they would continue to keep the bridge open until 2016.
In 2004, the owners of the bridge broke that promise realizing that the repairs would cost many times more than the original estimate. As a result, the Company agreed to close the bridge and it closed to traffic on June 18, 2004. Route 9 was subsequently rerouted over the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.
Design.
The bridge carried two lanes of traffic for approximately 4,800 feet. The structure immediately north over the Drag Channel is a separate structure and is commonly referred to incorrectly as the same structure resulting in an erroneous 6,000 foot total length.
The bridge contains 120 spans and has an 80 foot double leaf bascule span that opens for maritime traffic. The official NJDOT Historic Bridge Survey states that the substructure has been heavily reconstructed. The bascule span received modern controls and electrical systems during the rehabilitation. Access to the mechanical rooms were denied for the final bridge inspection, but topside inspection reveals that the bascule appears heavily altered and thus is not eligible for historic preservation.
Final years.
In 2006, Hurricane Ernesto made Cape May County officials nervous because they lacked the use of the bridge as an additional evacuation route. As a result, Cape May County purchased the bridge from the Beesley's Point Bridge Company for $1 with the intent of rehabiliating it and opening it in 2012. Several studies have been commissioned for the feasibility of doing so, but Cape May County engineers can only conclude that significant rehabilitation would only produce an extended life of up to 15 years. Costs vary on the price of rehabilitation, but it appears that only a 15 year realization on the investment is not worth the cost.
However, the NJDOT planned to funding a project to rehabiliate the bridge to at least 2019 in their Statewide Transportation Program 2011-2019. Ironically, the funding is level for all 10 years and "Beesley's" is misspelled in the document.
Cape May County officials, including Democrat Jeff Van Drew, have gone on record that bridge rehabilitation would begin in the summer of 2010 and the bridge would reopen to traffic in 2012. On June 28, 2010 the Press of Atlantic City published an article revealing a previous crack in the existing deck had turned into a three foot chasm.
At the 7th Annual Cape May County Transportation Infrastructure Conference on Tuesday February 22, 2011, it was announced that the bridge would be demolished but discussions were in the preliminary mode. The bridge may be turned into a fishing pier. Demolition of the bridge began in July 2013 in conjunction with a project that will also replace the Great Egg Harbor Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5991619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991619" title="Bologoye, Tver Oblast">
Bologoye, Tver Oblast

Bologoye () is a town and the administrative center of Bologovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, as well as a major railway hub. It is located approximately half-way between Moscow and St. Petersburg on the railway route connecting the two cities. Population: 
History.
The first mention of Bologoye in historic records dates back to 1495, which is considered its year of foundation. The name "Bologoye" originates from a name of the nearby lake, Lake Bologoye. In 1851, Bologoye became a station of the Moscow-Saint Petersburg Railway. In the second half of the 19th century, the Rybinsk–Pskov–Vindava railway passed through Bologoye, turning it into a large railway junction. Railway-related industries have contributed significantly to the town's growth. 
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, Bologoye was included into Ingermanland Governorate (known since 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate). In 1727, separate Novgorod Governorate was split off. In 1770, it became a part of Valdaysky Uyezd of Novgorod Viceroyalty. In 1796, the viceroyalty was transformed into Novgorod Governorate. On June 3, 1917 Bologoye was granted a town status. Between April 1, 1919 and October 1920, the uyezd center was transferred from Valday to Bologoye, but soon after it was moved back to Valday again.
In August 1927, the governorates and uyezds were abolished. Bologovsky District, with the administrative center in Bologoye, was established within Borovichi Okrug of Leningrad Oblast effective October 1, 1927. It included parts of former Valdaysky Uyezd. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On January 29, 1935 Bologovsky District was transferred to newly established Kalinin Oblast.
On November 27, 2009, it was the site of a derailment of an express train on the Moscow-St. Petersburg railway.
Economy.
Industry.
The industry of Bologoye mainly serves the railways. Additionally, there are a pipe production factory, a glass-making factory, a metal production plant, as well as enterprises of construction and food industries.
Transportation.
Bologoye is a major railway hub, where four railway lines cross: One connects Moscow and Saint Petersburg, and three more connect Bologoye with Rybinsk via Bezhetsk and Sonkovo, with Pskov via Valday and Staraya Russa, and with Velikiye Luki via Andreapol. There is passenger traffic along all these lines. 
Bologoye has access to the M10 highway, which connects Moscow and St. Petersburg. There are local roads as well.
Culture and recreation.
Bologoye hosts Nikolay Dubravitsky Bologoye District Museum which specializes on the history of Bologovsky District.

</doc>
<doc id="5991622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991622" title="Henry Perry (restaurateur)">
Henry Perry (restaurateur)

Henry Perry (1875 – March 22, 1940) was a restaurateur who is considered the "father of Kansas City barbecue."
Perry was born in Shelby County, Tennessee near Memphis and worked on steamboat restaurants on the Mississippi River and Missouri River before moving to Kansas City, Missouri in 1907. In 1908 he began serving smoked meats to workers in the Garment District in Downtown Kansas City from an alley stand.
He then moved his stand to 17th and Lydia map
in the famed inner city neighborhood of 18th Street and Vine.
He later moved a few blocks away within the neighborhood of 19th and Highland, where he operated out of an old trolley barn throughout the 1920s and 1930s when the neighborhood became famed for its Kansas City Jazz during the Tom Pendergast era.
Customers paid 25 cents for hot meat smoked over oak and hickory and wrapped in newsprint. Perry's sauce was described as "harsh, peppery" (rather than sweet). Perry’s menu included such barbecue standards of the day as beef and wild game such as possum, woodchuck, and raccoon.
At his death, Charlie Bryant took over the business; he, in turn, sold it to his brother Arthur, who made the sauce a little sweeter when he relocated the restaurant, Arthur Bryant's, to 1727 Brooklyn in the same neighborhood.
Also, Arthur Pinkard, who had worked for Perry, helped George Gates found Gates and Sons Bar-B-Q. 

</doc>
<doc id="5991623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991623" title="U.S. Città di Pontedera">
U.S. Città di Pontedera

Unione Sportiva Città di Pontedera (formerly Unione Sportiva Pontedera 1912) is an Italian association football club located in Pontedera, Tuscany. Currently it plays in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
History.
Founded in 1912, Pontedera, a team from a city in the Pisa neighbourhood, played Serie C for several years without never gaining a single promotion to Serie B. In 1993/1994, a second place in Serie C2/B allowed Pontedera to be promoted to Serie C1: during that season, the team was known for having longily been the only undefeated team in all Italian professional leagues, and for having incredibly won 2–1 to the Italy national football team coached by Arrigo Sacchi in a friendly match played in April 1994. Pontedera played Serie C1 just in 1994/1995, and relegated to Serie D in 2001, and even Eccellenza in 2002. Pontedera returned to Serie D in 2005, after having won its Eccellenza round.
In summer 2006, The Gunther Corporation purchased Pontedera. It was reported in "The Guardian" newspaper on 17 May 2007 that the owner of Pontedera is a dog named Gunther IV, who inherited it from Gunther III who in turn inherited it from his owner Countess Libenstein. 
Marcello Lippi, head coach of Italy national team and World Cup champion in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, started his professional managing career as Pontedera head coach in 1985/1986.
Serie D 2010–11.
At the end of the 2010-11 Serie D season, Pontedera gained access to the Serie D play-off for promotion in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, but they were eliminated in the third round.
2012–13 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In the 2012-13 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, Pontedera finished second in Girone B, and was promoted to Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
This was the second consecutive promotion for the team.
Colors and badge.
Its colours are all-dark red.

</doc>
<doc id="5991631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991631" title="Battle of Newton">
Battle of Newton

Battle of Newton may refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5991633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991633" title="Saint Fursey">
Saint Fursey

Saint Fursey (also known as Fursa, Fursy, Forseus, and Furseus: died 650) was an Irish monk who did much to establish Christianity throughout the British Isles and particularly in East Anglia. He reportedly experienced angelic visions of the afterlife. Fursey is one of the Four Comely Saints.
Early life.
He was born in the region of modern day Connacht supposedly the son of Fintan and grandson of Finlog, pagan king of the area. His mother was Gelges, the Christian daughter of Aed-Finn, king of Connacht. He was born probably amongst the Hy-Bruin, and was baptized by St. Brendan the Traveller, his father's uncle, who then ruled a monastery in the Island of Oirbsen, now called Inisquin in Lough Corrib. He was educated by St. Brendan's monks, and when he became of the proper age he was inducted into the monastery at Inisquin (near Galway), under the Abbot St. Meldan, his "soul-friend" ("anam-chura"), where he devoted himself to religious life. His great sanctity was early discerned, and there is a legend that here, through his prayers, twin children of a chieftain related to King Brendinus were raised from the dead. He built his own monastery in Claran outside the town of Headford in Co. Galway and he became the patron saint of the Parish of Headford.
Visions.
He was said to have been something of an ascetic, wearing thin clothing year round. Aspirants came in numbers to place themselves under his rule, but he wished to secure also some of his relatives for the new monastery. For this purpose he set out with some monks for Munster, but on coming near his father's home he was seized with an apparently mortal illness. He fell into a trance from the ninth hour of the day to cock-crow, and while in this state received the first of the ecstatic visions which have made him famous in medieval literature. 
In this vision were revealed to him the state of man in sin, the beauty of virtue. He heard the angelic choirs singing "the saints shall go from virtue to virtue, the God of Gods will appear in Sion." An injunction was laid on him by the two angels who appeared to restore him to his body to become a more zealous labourer for the Lord. Three nights later, the ecstasy was renewed. He was taken to the heavens by three angels who contended six times with demons for his soul. He saw the fires of hell, the strife of demons, and then heard the angel hosts sing in four choirs "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of hosts." Among the spirits of those just made perfect he recognized Saints Meldan and Beoan. They entertained him with much spiritual instruction concerning the duties of ecclesiastics and monks, the dreadful effects of pride and disobedience, and the heinousness of spiritual and internal sins. They also predicted famine and pestilence. As he returned through the fire the demon hurled a tortured sinner at him, burning him, and the angel of the Lord said to him, "Because thou didst receive the mantle of this man when dying in his sin the fire consuming him hath scarred thy body also." Fursey's body bore the mark from that day forward. His brothers Foillan and Ultan then joined the community at Rathmat, but Fursey seems to have renounced the administration of the monastery and to have devoted himself to preaching throughout the land, frequently exorcising evil spirits. Exactly twelve months later he received a third vision. This time, the angel remained with him a whole day, instructed him for his preaching, and prescribed for him twelve years of apostolic labour. This he faithfully fulfilled in Ireland, and then stripping himself of all earthly goods he retired for a time to a small island in the ocean. After some years he founded a monastery at Rathmat on the shore of Lough Corrib which Colgan identifies as Killursa, in the deanery of Annadown.
Mission to East Anglia.
St Fursey was the first recorded Irish missionary to Anglo-Saxon England. He arrived in East Anglia with his brothers, Foillan and Ultan, during the 630s shortly before St Aidan founded his monastery on Holy Island.
The conversion of East Anglia to Christianity began under Raedwald, but halted with the martyrdom of Raedwald's successor, his son Eorpwald. Sigeberht of East Anglia was already Christian when he took the throne around 630. By 633, Sigeberht of East Anglia had established the first East Anglian bishopric at Dommoc and appointed a Burgundian Bishop named Felix.
When Fursey arrived with his brothers Foillan and Ultan, as well as other brethren, bearing the relics of Saints Meldan and Beoan, he had been welcomed by the king, who gave him land to establish an abbey at "Cnobheresburg", where there was an abandoned Roman fort, traditionally identified with Burgh Castle in Norfolk.
Here he laboured for some years converting the Picts and Saxons. After Sigeberht was slain by an army led by Penda of Mercia, it is recorded that his successor King Anna of East Anglia, and his nobles, further endowed the monastery at Cnobheresburg. Three miracles are recorded of Fursey's life in this monastery. He then retired for a year to live with Ultan the life of an anchorite. However, as great numbers continued to visit him, and as war threatened in East Anglia, he left Foillan as abbot and proceeded to Lagny, in France around 644.
Mission in Neustria.
He arrived in France in 648. Passing through Ponthieu, in a village near Mézerolles he found grief and lamentation on all sides, for the only son of Duke Hayson, the lord of that area, was dead. At the prayer of Fursey the body was restored. Pursuing his journey to Neustria he cured many infirmities on the way. He converted a robber, who had attacked the monks in a wood near Corbie, and his family through miracles. He also cured the inhospitable worldling Ermelinda, who had refused to harbour the weary travellers. His fame preceded him to Péronne, where he was joyfully received by Erchinoald, and through his prayers obtained the reprieve of six criminals. He was offered any site in the king's dominions for a monastery. He selected Latiniacum (Lagny), close to Chelles and about six miles from Paris, a spot beside the Marne, at that time covered with shady woods and abounding in fruitful vineyards. Here he built his monastery and three chapels, one dedicated to Jesus Christ the Saviour, one to St. Peter, and the third, an unpretending structure, was later dedicated to St. Fursey himself. Many of his Irish countrymen were attracted to his rule at Lagny, including Emilian, Eloquius, Mombulus, Adalgisius, Etto, Bertuin, Fredegand, Lactan, and Malguil. 
His journeys continued and many churches in Picardy are dedicated to him. He received some premonitions of his end, and set out to visit his brothers Foillan and Ultan who had by this time recruited the scattered monks of Cnobheresburg and re-established that monastery.
Death.
He died about 650 at Mézerolles while on a journey. His last illness struck him down in the very village, Mézerolles, where he had restored Duke Haymon's son to life. From that time forward the village was called Forsheim, which translated as the house of Fursey. He was buried in a church (built specially by Earconwald) in Peronne which has claimed him as patron ever since. Many unusual events attended the transmission of his remains, and his body was eventually buried in the portico of the church of St. Peter where Fursey had earlier placed the relics of Saints Meldan and Beoan. His body lay unburied for thirty days pending the dedication of the church, and was during that time visited by pilgrims from all parts, incorrupt and emitting a sweet odour. At the end of that time, it was buried near the altar of the church. Four years later, on February 9, his remains were moved from their earlier location by Saint Eligius, Bishop of Noyon, and Cuthbert, Bishop of Cambrai, to a new chapel specifically built to hold the remains to the east of the main altar. The city would later become a great centre of devotion to him.
Iconography and veneration.
In art St. Fursey is represented with two oxen at his feet in commemoration of the prodigy by which, according to legend, Erkinoald's claim to his body was made good; or he is represented striking water from the soil at Lagny with the point of his staff; or beholding a vision of angels, or gazing at the flames of purgatory and hell. It is disputed whether he was a bishop; he may have been a chorepiscopus. A litany attributed to him is among the manuscripts in Trinity College Dublin. An Irish prophecy is attributed to him by Harris. His feast day is January 16.
In popular culture.
St Fursey features in two novels by the Irish writer Mervyn Wall: "The Unfortunate Fursey" (1946) and "The Return of Fursey" (1948).
James Joyce mentions S. Fursa in his book "Ulysses", among a list of mostly Irish heroes and heroines.

</doc>
<doc id="5991635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991635" title="Seifhennersdorf">
Seifhennersdorf

Seifhennersdorf is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the border with the Czech Republic, and the Czech towns of Rumburk and Varnsdorf lie across the border to the north-east and south of town. 
Seifhennersdorf is 8 km south of Ebersbach and 14 km west of Zittau.
History.
During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5991661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991661" title="New York State Route 9B">
New York State Route 9B

New York State Route 9B (NY 9B) is a state highway located within Clinton County, New York, in the United States. The route serves as a connector between its parent route, U.S. Route 9 (US 9), in the town of Champlain and US 11 in the village of Rouses Point. While US 9 bypasses Rouses Point to the west, NY 9B veers east to serve the village and the shoreline of Lake Champlain. NY 9B is the northernmost section of the Lakes to Locks Passage, an All-American Road. Modern NY 9B was the original alignment of US 9 through the town of Champlain. US 9 was moved onto its present alignment west of Rouses Point in the mid-1940s, at which time its former routing to Rouses Point became NY 9B.
Route description.
NY 9B begins at an isolated intersection with US 9 in the town of Champlain. The route initially heads to the northeast, crossing farmland and passing small patches of wooded areas. At Coopersville, the first named location along NY 9B, the highway crosses the Great Chazy River and turns to follow a more easterly routing toward Lake Champlain. NY 9B reaches the shoreline later, at which point the route makes a sharp turn to the north to follow the western edge of Lake Champlain. It serves a handful of lakeside homes before passing Point au Fer, a peninsula protruding southeastward into the lake. Along this stretch, NY 9B traverses mostly undeveloped areas located inland from the lake.
North of Point au Fer, the route returns to the lake shore as it enters the village of Rouses Point, the second and final location along NY 9B's routing. The surroundings change immediately across the village line as the route, now named Lake Street, serves several residential streets that mark the southern fringe of Rouses Point. After two long blocks, the lakeside homes gradually begin to give way to commercial establishments as NY 9B approaches Champlain Street, an east–west street carrying US 11 into the village. NY 9B ends at Champlain Street while US 11 turns north to follow Lake Street toward Rouses Point's central business district and the Canadian border.
The portion of NY 9B from Lake Shore Road—a county road that meets NY 9B in Coopersville—north to its end at US 11 in Rouses Point is the northernmost leg of the Lakes to Locks Passage, an All-American Road that continues south to Waterford along Lake Champlain, the Champlain Canal, and the Hudson River.
History.
In 1908, the New York State Legislature created Route 22, a discontinuous, unsigned legislative route that began at Troy and ended at the Canadian border near Rouses Point. The route entered the town of Champlain on what is now US 9 and followed it north to the modern junction of US 9 and NY 9B. Here, Route 22 turned east onto current NY 9B and continued east and north along it to access Rouses Point. Inside the village, it followed Lake Street north to Pratt Street, where it turned to the northwest and proceeded along modern NY 276 to the border crossing located midway between the villages of Champlain and Rouses Point.
When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924, the north half of legislative Route 22—from modern NY 8 near Riparius north to the Canadian border at Rouses Point—became part of NY 6. In 1927, U.S. Highways were first signed in New York, at which time NY 6 was mostly absorbed into the new US 9, including within the town of Champlain. US 9 was realigned in the mid-1940s to bypass Rouses Point to the west and proceed north through the village of Champlain on its way to Canada. Its former alignment to Rouses Point was redesignated as NY 9B, which initially continued north along Lake Street to the Canadian border by way of an overlap with US 11. The overlap remained in place as late as 1979; it was eliminated by 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5991667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991667" title="The Last Wagon (1956 film)">
The Last Wagon (1956 film)

The Last Wagon is a 1956 western film starring Richard Widmark. It was co-written and directed by Delmer Daves and tells a story set during the American Indian Wars: the survivors of an Indian massacre must rely on a man wanted for several murders to lead them out of danger. 
Plot.
Sheriff Bull Harper (George Mathews) is taking "Comanche" Todd (Richard Widmark), a white man who has lived most of his life among the Indians, to be tried for the murder of Harper's three brothers. The pair join a wagon train led by Colonel Normand (Douglas Kennedy). Harper's brutal treatment of Todd causes friction with some members of the wagon train. When the sheriff beats a lad for giving Todd a pipe to smoke, Todd takes advantage of the distraction to kill his tormentor with a dropped axe.
Then, while some of the young people sneak away for a late night swim, the Apaches kill everyone else. Todd miraculously survives a fall when the wagon to which he is tied is thrown off a cliff. The Apaches are gathering to avenge the massacre of their own women and children by the whites. It is up to Todd to lead the six other survivors to safety, despite the distrust of some of them. Along the way, he and Jenny (Felicia Farr) fall in love.
Despite saving a small U.S. cavalry detachment from an ambush, Todd is recognized and brought to trial. He reveals that all four Harpers raped and murdered his Comanche wife and killed his two young boys. General Howard takes pity on him and places him in the permanent "custody" of Jenny.
Triva Note Tommy Rettig, who plays Jenny's younger brother Billy, is re-united with Widmark, 
Rettig played Widmark's son in the 1950 film noir "Panic in the Streets".
Production.
The film was shot on location in Sedona, AZ, at the mouth of Oak Creek Canyon. Director Delmer Daves described the difficulty he had in finding a pristine location for the film, as his previous western, "Broken Arrow" (1950), had popularized the region.
It was shot in DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope.

</doc>
<doc id="5991683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991683" title="Kaj Hasselriis">
Kaj Hasselriis

Kaj Hasselriis (born January 4, 1974 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian journalist, community activist and politician.
Hasselriis is a lifelong Winnipegger and earned a sociology degree from the University of Manitoba in 1995 as well as a journalism degree from Toronto's Ryerson University in 1997. From 1997 to 2002, Hasselriis worked as a reporter and producer for CBC Television. Most recently, Hasselriis created an English-language monthly in Lima, Peru called "Limazine".
As a political organizer, Hasselriis served as the Manitoba campaign manager for Jack Layton's leadership bid in 2002. He also played a key role as a member of Toronto mayor David Miller's 2003 campaign team.
In 2004, Hasselriis gained prominence in Winnipeg by leading the fight to keep Winnipeg's Bus Rapid Transit system. The city eventually cancelled the program, to the dismay of public transit activists.
On July 17, 2006 Hasselriis declared his candidacy in the October 2006 municipal elections against Winnipeg mayor Sam Katz. His campaign was endorsed by several prominent figures in the city, including musician John K. Samson and activist James Beddome.
On election day, October 25, 2006, Hasselriis received 22,401 votes, or 13.22 of the total count. He placed third to Katz, who was re-elected, and Marianne Cerilli, a former NDP MLA in the Manitoba Legislature.
Hasselriis, who is openly gay, was the national spokesperson for Canadians for Equal Marriage in 2006. He was appointed interim executive director of Egale Canada in January 2007, following the resignation of Gilles Marchildon, and served in that capacity until he was succeeded by Helen Kennedy in the fall.
He currently contributes to the "Xtra!" chain of LGBT newspapers as a Winnipeg-area reporter. He also wrote a series of travel essays on gay life in India while travelling in that country over the winter of 2008-2009 for both "Xtra!" and its gay travel magazine "The Guide". As well, he is an occasional contributor to CBC Radio, including "Definitely Not the Opera".

</doc>
<doc id="5991692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991692" title="Selbitz">
Selbitz

Selbitz is a town in the district of Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 12 km west of Hof.

</doc>
<doc id="5991697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991697" title="Twin Lakes, Colorado">
Twin Lakes, Colorado

Twin Lakes is the name of multiple communities in the U.S. State of Colorado :

</doc>
<doc id="5991701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991701" title="Sami Repo">
Sami Repo

Sami Repo (born November 8, 1971 in Simpele) is a former Finnish cross country skier who competed from 1992 to 2004. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. Repo's best individual finish also happened at Nagano with an 18th in the 10 km.
Repo's best finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was 11th in the 10 km and the 10 km + 15km combined pursuit events (both in 1999). He also won four FIS World Cup races in Finland as well (1993, 1995, 1997, 1998).
Notes.
I

</doc>
<doc id="5991711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991711" title="Rise and Shine (Poe song)">
Rise and Shine (Poe song)

"Rise and Shine" is a charity single the artist Poe dedicated to a young child named Levar who was HIV positive. A related benefit concert was done at the Lilac Festival in Rochester, New York in May 1997 with Levar singing with Poe.[http://poe.org/timeline.php?content=timeline&year=1997]

</doc>
<doc id="5991719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991719" title="Tunes (Silves)">
Tunes (Silves)

Tunes is a civil parish in the municipality of Silves, in the Portuguese Algarve. In 2001 there were 2002 inhabitants, in an area of approximately : there were 167 residents per kilometre square.
History.
The opinion that persists around the toponomic name of the area, "Tunes", is that it was so named for the number of colonists from north Africa, primarily from Tunis. Those who believe in this origin site the medieval French marigold ("Tagetes patula") flower of Tunes, a herbaceous plant similar to the carnation (with cut petals and yellow flower) and common here as well as in Tunisia.
The civil parish was created on 4 October 1985, under Decree-law 130/85, making it the youngest of the parishes of Silves. The settlement developed primarily around the junction of various rail-lines that connected Lisbon to the Algarve.
In the 19th century, the locality was dominated by a few agricultural settlers who dedicated themselves to wine production. The first barrios began to appear after the railway opened in Gateiras. What was planned initially was a station would be constructed in Algoz, near the village of Tunes. But, owing to the slope of the hills, the construction of the station was differed to several kilometres to the east. The population was composed primarily of workers for the railway. On 21 February 1889, the first train passed through Tunes on the Lisbon-Faro line. It was on the same line, specifically the Tunes-Lagos link, that the last steam-powered train was used in the Algarve (in 1972).
It was also in 1972 that the first thermoelectric plant was inaugurated in the community.
The economic changes in the country over time transformed the civil parish from one of agricultural and industry to a more tourist-oriented speciality.
Geography.
The parish is located east of the main centre of Silves and, approximately south-southeast of Lisbon.
The town is most noted for a train station which is an important national transport hub.

</doc>
<doc id="5991727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991727" title="Crow, Oregon">
Crow, Oregon

Crow is an unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States.
Crow post office was established in 1874 and named after community founders James Andrew Jackson Crow and Helen Fisk Crow, pioneers who came to Oregon by wagon train. Crow is the home of the Applegate Pioneer Museum. The Coyote Creek Bridge, a covered bridge near Crow, has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5991728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991728" title="Seßlach">
Seßlach

Seßlach is a town in the district of Coburg, in northern Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 12 km southwest of Coburg.
Seßlach consists of 15 parts:
History.
After the disruption of the Thuringian Empire (531) the Grabfeldgau was populated by Frankish peasants. From the East Slavic (Wendish) settlers pressed forward into the region of Schweinfurt, who were on the run from their Avar enemies.
In the 11th century numerous Slavs in Franconia were not yet Christianized.
As fore-rectories of the Bishopric of Würzburg were (among others) Baunach, Pfarrweisach and Seßlach created.
The patron saint of Seßlach, John the Baptist defers to the rectory's role as a base for the Slav mission. 1007 the Bishopric of Bamberg was founded.
The first written mention of the two settlements on the Kirchhügel (Church hill) and the Geiersberg (vulture mountain) comes from the year 800 AD. The Abbess Emhild of the monastery Milz transferred the monasterial properties by this certificate to the Abbey of Fulda.

</doc>
<doc id="5991733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991733" title="Blackbud">
Blackbud

Blackbud are an English indie rock band from Wiltshire, comprising Joe Taylor (guitar, vocals), Adam Newton (bass, backing vocals) and Sam Nadel (drums, backing vocals). Blackbud have been compared to artists such as Jeff Buckley, Radiohead and Led Zeppelin, and have toured extensively, to critical acclaim, having attracted the attention of Jimmy Page, Michael Eavis and Steve Lamacq, amongst other noteworthy people. In January 2010, the band entered an indefinite hiatus. 
The band's debut album, "From The Sky", was released on 31 July 2006, while their self-titled second album, "Blackbud" was released on 8 June 2009, with digital-only single "You Can Run" preceding it by one week.
History.
Formation.
The band met at St Laurence School in their hometown of Bradford on Avon, Wiltshire. Having discovered they had the same musical interests, Taylor, Nadel, and Newton formed Blackbud in December 2002. The name, amongst many various interpretations, probably being derived from the bud of a plant/flower. Blackbud began as a covers band, and secured a residency at a local pub. They would mainly play sets comprising covers of songs by Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley and Stevie Ray Vaughan. As time went on, Taylor began writing his own songs and three demo CDs were recorded during the band's first 18 months.
Recording contract.
In 2005, Blackbud signed to Independiente Records, a British independent record label whose roster included Gomez, Travis and Embrace. The deal came after several major labels showed a considerable amount of interest in the band. After much deliberation, the band concluded that an independent would best suit their ethos. This record deal was a result of coming Joint First in the Glastonbury 2004 Unsigned bands competition.
Self-titled album (2009) and hiatus.
In 2009, the band released their second studio album, "Blackbud".
In January 2010, the band entered an indefinite hiatus, stating: 
In December 2012, Joe Taylor hinted on the band's Youtube page that they will "hopefully be recording new material soon".
Song appearances.
"Barefoot Dancing" appeared on "The Skeleton Key" soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="5991755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991755" title="Văcăreşti">
Văcăreşti

Văcăreşti may refer to several entities in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="5991763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991763" title="Vienna horn">
Vienna horn

The Vienna horn () is a type of musical horn used primarily in Vienna, Austria, for playing orchestral or classical music. It is used throughout Vienna, including the Vienna Philharmonic and "Wiener Staatsoper".
History and description.
During the nineteenth century, a number of experiments were made in adding valves to the natural horn to enable it to play chromatically without the need for hand-stopping. These experiments included adding piston valves (as used in modern trumpets) to a single F horn. The horn was still crooked, by inserting other tubing, to re-tune the instrument for music written in base keys other than F.
The Vienna horn uses a unique form of double-cylinder valve associated with the Viennese firm Uhlmann of the 1840s known as a pumpenvalve. A pumpenvalve is similar to the standard piston valve, but it is not pushed directly inward. Instead, long push-rods reach across to each lever key (as with rotary valves), allowing either a fast or slow change in the valve, by lever speed. The pumpenvalve allows the air to flow straight when the valves are not actuated. When pressed, each valve redirects the air stream 90 degrees in one bend, lessening the resistance felt by the player. This type of valve is one of the many contributing factors to the incredibly liquid legato that is one of the trademarks of the Viennese school. However, the indirect linkage between the fingers and the valves via can make the action slow and therefore make quick technical passages more difficult for the player.
The internal diameter of the Vienna horn is also smaller than more modern horns. This bore size and shape is actually very close to the design of the valve-less natural horns. The removable crooks (usually an F and A and/or B) are also smoothly tapered for the length of the horn. Thus, there is no "compromise" (of dual tubing) as found in the modern double horn and triple horn. 
Although subsequent developments, including the rotary valve and double horn, supplanted these horns in most places, the pumpenvalve horn was retained in Vienna because it sounds more like the natural horn: with a more mellow sound and arguably smoother legato. This is due in part to the piston valves and in part to the larger throated (but smaller diameter) bell-flare still used with these instruments. The Vienna horn has remained virtually unchanged since the mid-nineteenth century.
Horn players who use the Vienna horn also use a "natural horn" mouthpiece, which is convex. A standard horn mouthpiece is concave, partly to facilitate the playing of lower notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5991764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991764" title="Bondi k-calculus">
Bondi k-calculus

Bondi "k"-calculus is a method of teaching special relativity originated by Professor Sir Hermann Bondi, and now common in university and college level physics classes. 
The usefulness of the "k"-calculus is its simplicity. It has been successfully used to teach special relativity to young children and also in relativity textbooks.
Many introductions to relativity begin with the concept of velocity and a derivation of the Lorentz transformation. Other concepts such as time dilation, length contraction, the relativity of simultaneity, the resolution of the twins "paradox" and the relativistic Doppler effect are then derived from the Lorentz transformation, all as functions of velocity.
Bondi, in his book "Relativity and Common Sense", first published in 1962, reverses the order of presentation. He begins with the Doppler factor, denoted by the letter formula_1. From this he explains the twins paradox, and the relativity of simultaneity, time dilation, and length contraction, all in terms of formula_1. It is not until later in the exposition that he provides a link between velocity and the Doppler factor formula_1. The Lorentz transformation appears towards the end of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="5991768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991768" title="Vladimir Triandafillov">
Vladimir Triandafillov

Vladimir Kiriakovitch Triandafillov (; 14 March 189412 July 1931) was a Soviet military commander and theoretician.
Biography.
He was born on March 14, 1894 in Magaradzhik in Kars, then in the Russian Empire (today in Turkey) of Pontic Greek parents. The family name derives from "triantáfyllo", Modern Greek for the rose flower. His family had moved to Russia. Graduating from the praporshchik school in 1915, he served in the Russian Army in World War I, earning the rank of captain. During the Russian Civil War, he rose in rank up to brigade commander while fighting on various fronts. In 1923, he was appointed chief of the Operations Directions of the Soviet General Staff and Deputy Chief of the General Staff.
Vladimir Triandafillov was the author of two fundamental military doctrine works: "Scale of the operations of modern armies", published in 1926 and "Characteristics of the operations of the modern armies", published in 1929. In these two works, he elaborated his deep operations theory about the future warfare. The objective of a "deep operation" was to attack the enemy simultaneously throughout the depth of his ground force to induce a catastrophic failure in his defensive system. Highly mobile formations would then exploit this failure by breaking into the deep rear of the enemy and destroying his ability to rebuild his defenses. His cousin Stillian Triandafillov was the director of the NKVD during the Stalin period. He was exiled to Siberia and was executed by the ever changing Stalin regime.
Vladimir was killed in an aircraft crash on July 12, 1931 and was buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis. The quality of his work was realised late during World War II, when Georgy Zhukov said that his success was due to closely following Triandafyllov's (deep operation) doctrine.

</doc>
<doc id="5991776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991776" title="Pather">
Pather

Pather is a small suburb of Wishaw, Scotland and was initially built as a council estate. It is situated around ½ miles (0.8 km) from the town centre of the town. Pather can be entered from Caledonian Road through either Lomond Drive or Tarbert Avenue.
Street names.
All the streets in Pather are named after Scottish Lochs except Hospital Road, which is an offshoot of the road that used to pass the now demolished Wishaw Hospital. Examples of this include Tarbert Avenue, Lomond Drive, Ness Street, Etive Street and Sunart Street.
Education.
There is a non-denominational primary school within the housing estate, called Thornlie Primary. The majority of the children from the area attend this school or the Roman Catholic Primary School, Saint Thomas' Primary which is a five-minute walk from the scheme.
Shops, services and facilities.
Pather has a post office, two small shops, and a hairdresser. There is also a shop on the outskirts of the scheme which the locally referred to as ""Chokkar's"" after its previous owner, however, the shop has been under new management for several years. The shops in the scheme are locally known as ""Top Shop"" and ""Middle Shop"" in regards to their location in the scheme. There is also a small of arcade of shops across Caledonian road near the Lomond Drive entrance to Pather. The shop there is locally known as ""Kenny's"", also named after a previous owner. The arcade has contained other businesses in the past such as a cafe and furniture store.
The area between Pather and Gowkthrapple used to be taken up by Piano farm, but unfortunately the farm is no longer there; instead, there are empty fields.
From Pather, it is only a 5-minute walk into the town centre and main shopping area of Wishaw. A fifteen-minute walk will take you from Pather along piano roads (locally called the "Auld Roads") to Overtown or Gowkthrapple. Pather is also only a few minutes away from Wishaw Sports Centre.
A large park area, complete with football goals and children's playparks, stretches from Caledonian Road to the "Old Roads" - the complete length of the estate. There is also a BMX bike park at the top end of the scheme.
Transport.
Pather is separated from the main part of Wishaw and Gowkthrapple by the two railway lines, one of which is the main West Coast line between Glasgow and London and the other is the Lanark line which runs between Lanark and Milngavie and Dalmuir, which run parallel along the length of the scheme proper. It is also serviced by First Glasgow buses which run a service to Glasgow. Pather can be entered by Tarbert or Lomond Drive by Caledonian Road (B754).
Religion.
Pather has a Roman Catholic Chapel situated at the entrance to the Scheme on Tarbert Avenue, however, the Scheme has many religions based within it.

</doc>
<doc id="5991780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991780" title="Pârvu Mutul">
Pârvu Mutul

Pârvu Mutul or Mutu ("Pârvu the Mute", nickname of "Pârvu Pârvescu"; 1657-1735) was a Wallachian Romanian muralist and church painter.
He was born in the town of Câmpulung as the sixth son of the Orthodox priest Ioan Pârvescu, and began his career as a church painter at the age of 12. He lived some 40 years in Moldavia, returning to Wallachia in 1702. In 1718 he retired to the Mărgineni Monastery, the place where he died.
Pârvu Mutul painted in fresco style the interiors of churches in Mărgineni, Măgureni, Cotroceni, Călineşti, Aninoasa, Fiindenii Doamnei, Colţea, Bordeşti, Filipeştii de Pădure and the Sfântul Gheorghe Nou church in Bucharest. Many of his works were commissioned by the Cantacuzino family.
He is mostly remembered for his achievements in portraits — his frescoes of church founders.

</doc>
<doc id="5991782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991782" title="A.S. Sestese Calcio">
A.S. Sestese Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Sestese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Sesto Fiorentino, Tuscany. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History.
Sestese was founded in 1945
It in the season 2010-11 it was relegated from Serie D group E to Eccellenza Tuscany after playout, but it was readmitted to serie D to fill vacancies.
In the 2011-12 season it was again relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are blue and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5991785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991785" title="Art Libraries Society of North America">
Art Libraries Society of North America

The Art Libraries Society of North America (also known as ARLIS/NA) was founded in 1972. It is an organization made up of approximately 1,000 art librarians, library students and visual resource professionals.
Activities.
ARLIS/NA fosters excellence in art and design librarianship and image management, through activities such as:
History.
Before ARLIS/NA, art librarians organized under an American Library Association Round Table. However, ALA support was limited. Meetings were only held biannually, attendance was minimal, and professional progress slow. During the post-war years the world had opened up, and through the influence of popular magazines like Time (magazine) and Life (magazine), Americans were exposed to a range of cultures. According to William Freitag, “Hundreds of new museums and libraries were built every year…there was an explosion of publications in the traditional formats on all subjects.” All of these developments led to the very real need for art librarians to organize.
By the late 1960s, against ALA's wishes, a separate, short-lived art libraries group was created in conjunction with an existing museum sub-section of the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL), a division of ALA. This proved to be temporary, too, as support was again limited. According to William J. Dane, "We didn't like being called a sub-section. We didn't need to depend on ALA or ACRL. There were enough of us who said, 'The "hell" with you.' Once the idea of independence got going, it was irreversible." ARLIS/NA was founded by art librarians attending the American Library Association annual conference in Chicago and was the brainchild of Judith Hoffberg, who had been inspired by attending meetings of ARLIS/UK in London. The informal annual meetings of art librarians with College Art Association furthered the initiative to organize. According to Wolfgang Freitag, “The Association of College and Research Libraries was but one of several library organizations in which art librarians were enrolled at that time.”
By 1982 a major section of ARLIS/NA had broken off to form its own group, Visual Resources Association (VRA). Wolfgang Freitag said "The growth of the two organizations has strengthened the profession as a whole so that it is stronger today than we could have imagined thirty and twenty years ago. It is a consolation that this happened even though, or perhaps because, the two main branches of what to my mind is still an indivisible profession gained their strength by following different paths and by marching to different drummers."
Chapters.
ARLIS/NA is a national organization with regional affiliates chapters.
Organizational structure.
The ARLIS/NA Executive Board is composed of a president (formerly chair), vice-president/president-elect and past president, part of a continuous three-year term; and a secretary, treasurer, four regional representatives and a Canadian representative, all of whom serve two-year terms.
The Board is rethinking their organizational structure and is instituting a new focus around four general areas: education, publications, technology and communications.
Annual Conferences.
In alignment with the organization’s mission to foster excellence in art and design librarianship and image management, ARLIS/NA hosts a yearly conference for members to meet in person, share ideas and network.
Awards and honors.
ARLIS/NA offers travel awards to students and industry professionals (members and non-members) to their annual conferences.
Distinguished Service Award.
One of the most esteemed honors is the Distinguished Service Award which is given to an individual of any country whose exemplary service in art librarianship, visual resources curatorship, or a related field, has made an outstanding national or international contribution to art information.
The George Wittenborn Memorial Board Award.
Since its foundation in 1974, ARLIS/NA has bestowed The George Wittenborn Memorial Board Award annually. This honor recognizes excellence of content and production in North American art publications. Initially called the Art Publishing Award, it was renamed in 1980 to honor George Wittenborn (1905–1974), the influential New York art book dealer and publisher. The award is presented annually for outstanding publications in the visual arts and architecture which combine the highest standards of scholarship, design, and production.
Outreach/communications.
ARLIS-L is the society's listserv which functions as a forum for sharing information and discussing issues facing art librarians, library students and visual resource professionals. The listserv is also a resource for job listings. ARLIS-L is a place for society members to distribute information about ARLIS/NA activities at conferences, workshops and meetings, announcements of awards and honors, news regarding society members and information on new print and electronic publications. ARLIS-L is an open discussion list and anyone may subscribe. 
Publications.
"Art Documentation".
"Art Documentation" is the bulletin of the Art Libraries Society of North America and is now published twice yearly. In 1982 it was decided that the ARLIS/NA Newsletter had developed into more of a professional journal than just a newsletter. "Art Documentation" includes articles and information relevant to art librarianship and visual resources curatorship. The publication includes practical information for the ARLIS/NA community such as committee, conference, meeting, chapter and member updates.
Occasional papers.
Manuscripts for purchase on art information issues with such topics on staffing standards and core competencies. 
Online publications.
Resources are available for free download on the ARLIS/NA website.

</doc>
<doc id="5991789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991789" title="Tressor Moreno">
Tressor Moreno

Malher Tressor Moreno Baldrich (born January 11, 1979) is a Colombian football player who currently plays for Itagüí F.C..
Career.
Tressor Moreno began his career in the youth ranks of Colombia's Tuluá. In 1999 he emigrated to Peru and made his professional debut with Peruvian power Alianza Lima. While with Lima he appeared in 40 league matches and scored 16 goals, forming a formidable front line with Claudio Pizzaro. During his time with Alianza Moreno was regarded as one of the best foreign players to have played in Peru. The following season he returned to Colombia with Atlético Nacional and had another productive season appearing in 34 league matches and scoring 11 times and helping Nacional to capture the 2000 Copa Merconorte. As a result of his play with Nacional, Moreno began to draw interest from European clubs and in 2000 was sold to FC Metz in France. 
In 2002 Moreno returned to Colombia as Metz loaned him to América de Cali. While with America, Tressor helped his club to the 2002 Apertura title. For the 2002 Finalización season Moreno was loaned to Independiente Medellín and helped his new club capture the Finalización title. Moreno returned to France for the 2003-04 season, and although he did not have much success with Metz he did help the club avoid relegation. Once his contract with Metz ended he returned to Colombia and played for Deportivo Cali and Once Caldas for the next few seasons.
In 2005 he would embark on a very productive career in Mexico joining Club Necaxa. He was one of Necaxa's star players during the 05/06 season appearing in 29 matches and scoring 5 goals. The following season he would join CD Veracruz and had another fine season appearing in 30 league matches and scoring 8 goals. In 2007 he would join San Luis and enjoy unprecedented success with the club helping them to a Copa Sudamericana birth in 2008 and a Copa Libertadores birth in 2009. While with San Luis, Moreno appeared in 89 league matches and scored 16 goals. In January 2010 Chacarita Juniors was close to signing the Colombian attacking midfielder on loan from San Luis FC, but the move finally did not materialize and Moreno joined Independiente Medellín.
He joined Bahia of Brazil on February 8, 2011. However, he never played for the club and during the 2011 season signed with Santiago Wanderers in Chile. He was a regular starter for the club appearing in 14 games and scoring 1 goal.
Moreno signed with San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer on February 2, 2012.
International career.
In 2000 Moreno debuted with Colombia. He played with Colombia at the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup and was named one of the best players of that tournament.
Family.
Malher Tressor Moreno Baldrich is also the cousin of Juan Mora a Colombian fashion blogger and socialite.

</doc>
<doc id="5991791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991791" title="2006–07 in Italian football">
2006–07 in Italian football

The 2006–2007 season is the 105th season of competitive football in Italy.
Overview.
The look of Italian football in the first divisions took major changes as a result of suspected match fixing. The scandal saw 29 time Serie A champions Juventus relegated from the top division to the second division Serie B.
Fiorentina and Lazio began the season in Serie A with deductions of 15 points and 3 points respectively. Milan were given an 8 point deduction, but played in the Champions League after defeating Red Star Belgrade in the third qualifying round.
Catania made their first appearance in Serie A since 1984 after being promoted from Serie B.
Val di Sangro play their first season of professional football in Italy, after being promoted from Serie D to Serie C2.
National team.
Italy will begin their qualifying campaign for Euro 2008. The 2006 FIFA World Cup champions are coached by Roberto Donadoni.

</doc>
<doc id="5991793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991793" title="Alcantarilha">
Alcantarilha

Alcantarilha () is a civil parish in the municipality of Silves, in the district of Faro in the Portuguese Algarve. With an area of the population of 2347 inhabitants (based on the 2001 census) is dispersed throughout the territory (there are 120 inhabitants per kilometre square of territory).
History.
The territory of Silves has been occupied since the Paleolithic, and testaments of human presence in Alcantarilha can be traced back to the fossil beachs in Torre and Morgado das Relvas, along the coast. The first settlement in Alcantarilha, developed during the pre-Roman era. The primitive agglomeration concentrated around a defensible area at the end of the settlement. From the inventory by the "Direcção Geral dos Edifícios e Monumentos Nacionais" ("General-Directorate on Buildings and National Monuments") this settlement consisted of a Lusitanian castro bridging the Neolithic and Chalcolithic eras. This space was also a transit point for Phoenicians, Greek and Cartheginian traders.
The name "Alcantarilha" appears to have its origin in Arab settlement/occupation, from the word "al-quanTarâ", which meant bridge, viaduct or aqueduct, while the addition of the diminutive ""ilha"" implied a Roman or Mozarab influence, to indicate "small bridge".
During the Middle Ages, and beginning of the modern era, little is known about the activities of the communities of Alcantarilha, except for activities related with the defense of the Algarve coast and rare descriptions of the settlement in the 16th century. The oldest description came from 1573, and reflected by João Cascão, King Sebastian's personal chronicler, who accompanied the kig through the Algarve to survey the defenses along the coast. The monarch had ordered the completion of the walls of Alcantarilha in 1571, which were part of a project began in the reign of John III. King Sebastian visited on 28 January 1573 for a short visit, to find the project completed. João Cascão left behind a historical account, on the small "hamlet" of Alcantarilha, that included 150 neighbours and completely encircled by a wall of bulwarks.
For a while the civil parish oscillated between two parish seats: Pêra and Armação de Pêra. Until 1683, Pera (the parish seat) was linked to Alcantarilha, when bishop José de Menezes de-annexed the community, and included it in the municipality of Albufeira. Armação de Pêra, therefore, became the new parish seat until 1933, when Armação de Pêra also achieved territorial autonomy, and was de-annexed from Alcantarilha, to form its own parish.
On 4 February 1999, PS deputy Jorge Valente (elected in the Algarve) brought before the National Assembly a petition to formally elevate the urban seat of Alcantarilha to the status of "vila" ("town"). This project was approved in plenary on 13 May 1999, and proclaimed on 1 November 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5991797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991797" title="NCCT">
NCCT

The acronym NCCT may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5991807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991807" title="Unit cost">
Unit cost

The unit cost is the cost incurred by a company to produce, store and sell one unit of a particular product. Unit costs include all fixed costs and all variable costs involved in production.
Cost unit vs unit cost.
Cost unit is the standard unit for buying the minimum of any product. Unit cost is the minimum cost for buying any standard unit.

</doc>
<doc id="5991810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991810" title="Colegio San Agustin">
Colegio San Agustin

Colegio San Agustin may refer to the following Augustinian schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5991814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991814" title="Arab Bureau">
Arab Bureau

The Arab Bureau was a section of the Cairo Intelligence Department during the First World War. According to a Committee of Imperial Defence paper from January 7, 1916, the Arab Bureau was established to "harmonise British political activity in the Near East... keep the Foreign Office, the India Office, the Committee of Defence, the War Office, the Admiralty, and Government of India simultaneously informed of the general tendency of Germano-Turkish Policy."
History.
Beginnings.
It was constituted on the initiative of Mark Sykes who, in December 1915, reported to London that, in a recent tour of the Middle East from Egypt to India, he had discovered that the German and Turkish Governments were widely distributing anti-British wartime propaganda. Sykes was concerned because British command posts in the Middle East were generally uncooperative and thus far unable to produce counterpropaganda. Sykes proposed the creation of a London office under his auspices to gather, filter, and distribute intelligence on the German and Turkish Middle East policy and "co-ordinate propaganda in favour of Great Britain among non-Indian Moslems."
Support.
Sykes' proposal was welcomed by Gilbert Clayton, the director of civilian and military intelligence in Egypt and Sudan. Clayton believed that such an office might not only discover and counter enemy propaganda but be capable of overseeing a wider collection of political and military information regarding the Middle East and in turn produce easily understood reports to inform policymaking in Cairo and London toward the Ottoman Arab territories.
Opposition.
Clayton's preference for locating the Arab Bureau in Cairo met with resistance from the Indian Government (Charles Hardinge) and the India Office (Austen Chamberlain), who did not want interference in their control of territories around the Persian Gulf and particularly the Iraq provinces that they planned to occupy and cultivate for grain production for India. Newly discovered oil deposits located around the North Gulf brought further attention to the region. But the director of Naval Intelligence in Britain, Captain Reginald 'Blinker' Hall, supported Clayton's concept and urged government approval.
Establishment.
The result was a compromise. In January 1916, the Arab Bureau was established as a section of Sudan Intelligence in Cairo, under the authority of the high commissioner of Egypt (Henry McMahon) and the Foreign Office, and staffed by Middle East experts from military intelligence, Egypt Force who shared Clayton's outlook.
Staff.
Gilbert Clayton was named head or "chief" of the Arab Bureau. David Hogarth, a naval intelligence officer, was acting director of the Arab Bureau and Kinahan Cornwallis his deputy. Herbert Garland, George Ambrose Lloyd, George Stewart Symes, Philip Graves, Gertrude Bell, Aubrey Herbert, and Thomas Edward Lawrence were also part of the Arab Bureau.
In 1920, Garland was appointed director, under High Commissioner to Egypt Lord Allenby.

</doc>
<doc id="5991818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991818" title="Fédérale 1">
Fédérale 1

Le championnat de France de première division fédérale, a.k.a. Fédérale 1, is a French rugby union club competition, the highest level of amateur rugby. The competition has been organised by the Fédération Française de Rugby since 2000, when it replaced the B2 Group. The championship is contested between 48 teams and named in honor of the famous former FC Lourdes and French International player, Jean Prat.
Format.
The format is long-winded and includes many steps.
Preliminary phase
8 teams compete on a double round-robin basis (14 games) in each of the 6 groups. The top 4 teams of each group move into the play-offs ("Trophée Jean-Prat"), the bottom 4 move into play-downs.
Second phase
The lowest ranked 24 teams from the preliminary phase play another round-robin competition in 4 groups of 6. Points scored in the preliminary phase are kept. Teams only play teams from other groups. The top 2 teams of each group move on to a sudden death competition (quarter-finals, semi-finals, final), at the end of which an honorary title is awarded. The bottom 3 teams of each group (12 in all) are relegated to Fédérale 2.
The top 24 teams from the preliminary phase play another round-robin competition in 6 groups of 4. Points scored in the preliminary phase are "not" kept. Teams only play teams from other groups. The best four top clubs are automatically qualified for the quarter finals. The other two top clubs and the six n°2 clubs have to fight it out in a play-off game to get into the quarter finals. The two finalists are promoted to Pro D2 and play for the championship.
At the end of each season, two teams are promoted to Pro D2, and 12 relegated into Fédérale 2.
Jean-Prat results (2007-08).
The first semi-final two-leg series of the Jean-Prat would see Périgueux face off against tournament favorites Colomiers. The first leg ended in a draw 12-12 with no tries scored and every point on the board put up by penalty kicks. In the second leg, Colomiers still couldn't manage to figure out Périgueux, but managed to eventually defeat them 9-6 to move on to the final.
The second semi-final two-leg series would see Aix-en-Provence against US Bressane (Bourg-en-Bresse). Mathieu Chabaud opened with a drop goal for US Bressane and it took Aix-en-Provence 20 minutes to respond with a try by Mohamed Berrabah. The match continued with several drops and penalties until US Bressane's Tsepo Kokoali scored a try in the 73rd minute. However, Aix-en-Provence sealed the first leg victory with another penalty kick making the final score 22-17.
US Bressane would show their class in the second leg by overcoming the odds and defeating Aix-en-Provence 14-3, allowing them to seal a place in the final based on the aggregate score. This assures promotion to Pro D2 for the 2008-09 season along with Colomiers.
On June 8, the final of the Jean-Prat took place. Colomiers struck early with a try in the fourth minute by Morgan Saout, but US Bressane's Mathieu Chabaud took 3 points back with a penalty kick 11 minutes later. The score at the end of the first half was 5-3 to Colomiers. Early into the second half, Pascal Vignard scored a try for Colomiers and Frédéric Pujo completed the following conversion that distanced the scoreline even more. With the match seemingly all wrapped up with less than 5 minutes to play, US Bressane caved and allowed 3 tries in that short time span. The final score 36-3 to Colomiers, the champions of Fédérale 1 in 2008.
Play-down results (2007-08).
The final between Lourdes and La Seyne was, for the majority, a defensive match and offensive struggle. The match ended with a low score as a result of this with a try by Stéphane Arriat for Lourdes in the 59th minute followed by a missed conversion. Then, in the 73rd minute, Sébastien Decarre scored a penalty kick for La Seyne that made the match final score 5-3, giving Lourdes the title.

</doc>
<doc id="5991839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991839" title="U.S.D. Sestri Levante 1919">
U.S.D. Sestri Levante 1919

Unione Sportiva Dilettantistica Sestri Levante 1919 is an Italian association football club located in Sestri Levante, Liguria. Currently it plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1919.
Serie C.
It took part to Serie C for three seasons in 1946-1949.
After this years Sestri Levante is playing mostly in minor categories such us Promozione, Eccellenza, and Serie D
Serie D.
In the season 2011-12 the team was promoted from Eccellenza Liguria to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5991854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991854" title="Steel Pier (musical)">
Steel Pier (musical)

Steel Pier is a musical written by the songwriting team of Kander and Ebb from the original book by David Thompson.
Productions.
Directed by Scott Ellis with choreography by Susan Stroman, it opened on Broadway on April 24, 1997, and closed on June 28, 1997, running for 76 performances (and 33 previews). It starred Karen Ziemba as Rita Racine, Daniel McDonald as Bill Kelly, Gregory Harrison as Mick Hamilton, Debra Monk as Shelby Stevens, and Kristin Chenoweth, making her Broadway debut, as Precious. David Loud was the Music Director and created the vocal arrangements.
The show opened to mixed reviews, most praising the performances and score. Ben Brantley, in his review for "The New York Times", concluded "Yet despite the flashes of grace and inventiveness in Ms. Stroman's choreography and the modest melodic appeal of the work's songs, "Steel Pier" is insulated by a fuzzy cover of blandness. For Mr. Kander and Mr. Ebb, devils obviously make better company than angels." Nominated for Best Musical, Best Score and Best Book at the Tony Awards, the musical lost all to "Titanic".
A new amateur production ran at the Bridewell Theatre, London, in February 2011.
The West End premiere ran at the Union Theatre, London, from October 31 to November 24, 2012. Directed by Paul Taylor-Mills with choreography by Richard Jones, and Musical Direction by Angharad Sanders.
Plot summary.
Stunt pilot Bill Kelly lies face down on the 1933 Atlantic City shore, his flight jacket torn. He manages to stand up, looking at a raffle ticket he holds in his hand and then to the sky, and exclaims, "Alright! I understand! I've got three weeks! Three weeks!" before hurrying off.
Aging celebrity Rita Racine, once famously known as 'Lindy's Lovebird' for being the first woman to kiss Lindbergh when he arrived home from France, comes on the stage and waits for her partner so she can enter the dance marathon on the Steel Pier. Bill appears and watches her for a moment, but as soon as she drops her suitcase, he hurries down to help her pick up her things and seizes the moment to talk with her. He asks if she has a partner yet and reluctantly walks away when she says she does. Alone, Rita rejoices the fact that this will be her last marathon and she will finally be able to return home ("Willing to Ride"). After her song, Rita sees that the rest of the contestants are making their way into the ballroom and follows them inside with hopes of finding her partner there.
Inside, emcee Mick Hamilton gets the marathon underway ("Everybody Dance"). The rules: contestants must dance for forty-five minutes every hour, followed by a fifteen-minute break; if they fall, collapse, or for any reason stop dancing, they will be disqualified. Realizing at the last minute that her partner is a no-show, Rita is forced to accept Bill's offer and quickly discovers he has two left feet. He tells Rita about his daredevil stunts at the Trenton Air Show where he crashed his plane but bought the winning raffle ticket for a kiss and a dance from 'Lindy's Lovebird.' In song, he tells her how this is his "Second Chance."
During the first fifteen-minute break, other partners introduce themselves: Shelby Stevens, a former cook in a lumber camp who knows how to get around, and harmonica virtuoso Luke Adams; struggling young newlyweds from Utah, Precious and Happy McGuire; Olympic wrestler Johnny Adel and one-time socialite Dora Foster; and vaudeville brother-and-sister team Bette and Buddy Becker. While the contestants meet one another, Rita sneaks off to Mick, where it is revealed that he and she are secretly married. Their scheme: Mick makes sure she wins, they take the prize money, and move on to the next town. Mick promises her that this marathon will be the last, but as she leaves to get ready for the next hour, he confides in his sidekick, Mr. Walker, that this, too, is a trick and there are many more marathons ahead ("A Powerful Thing").
As time passes, the contestants begin dropping off from exhaustion. Mick tries to bring publicity to the marathon, first showcasing Rita's fame ("Dance With Me/The Last Girl"), then Shelby's vocal talents ("Everybody's Girl"), and finally decides upon trumping up the romance between Bill and Rita and plans a pretend dance floor wedding, insisting that Rita tell Bill in spite of her misgivings. After the "Two Step," Rita goes to tell Bill the plan and finds him on the boardwalk. After joking about Bill's inability to swim ("Wet"), Rita kisses Bill and quickly retreats, realizing that she's falling for him.
Remembering that she didn't get the chance tell Bill of Mick's plan, Rita gets frightened as Mick brings Bill up on stage to make the announcement himself on the nightly radio broadcast, but Bill proposes anyway, unprompted by either. In celebration, Mick has Rita sing her signature tune ("Lovebird") as the scene flashes back to her act at the Trenton Air Show where Bill first saw her. The scene shifts back to the Steel Pier where, in order to knock out some of the competition, Mick announces that it's time to run "The Sprints." Rita falls, but Bill somehow manages to stop and rewind time so that she won't be disqualified before his 'time is up.' On her second chance, she doesn't fall and the marathon continues.
As the publicity stunt wedding approaches, Rita is drawn even closer to Bill. During a fifteen-minute nap, she dreams of him taking her on an unworldly airplane ride ("Leave the World Behind"). Once she wakes, it is discovered that Happy has dropped out of the contest, tired of the marathon lifestyle and hoping to go back to Utah with Precious. Precious, however, has other grander plans for herself and switches partners to remain in the contest in hopes that she will have a chance for some limelight. Shelby, although much older than Happy, realizes that she's fallen in love with him and offers to go home with him in Precious' place ("Somebody Older"), but he declines, knowing that it would never work.
On the night of the phoney wedding night, Mick takes Rita up to the roof to show her the lines of people flocking to buy tickets. Suspecting her growing feeling for Bill, Mick insists that she get him to drop out as soon as the wedding's over, and leaves. As Rita consoles herself that this marathon-business will all be over shortly, Precious comes looking for Mick and confesses to Rita that she had had an affair with him in hopes of having some showcase time in the marathon. Rita's world is quickly falling apart ("Running in Place").
At the circus-like, celophane-themed wedding, Mick features Precious in the ceremony as the personification of Fralinger's salt water taffy in return for her personal favors ("Two Little Words"). For the titilation of the crowd, Rita and Bill are given their fifteen-minute break in a honeymoon tent on the dance floor, one Rita knows can be ripped away at any moment. When she wishes that she and Bill could just escape, Bill offers to take her away in his plane, telling her that anything can happen if you believe in your dreams ("First You Dream"). But as he explains to Rita that his three weeks are finally up, the tent is ripped away and the hurt and confused Rita runs from the dance floor, leaving an even more hurt Bill.
Mick tries to force Rita back on to the dance floor to finish the marathon with another partner, but she is determined to go home. Mick informs her that he sold the house a long time ago. As she packs to leave, Mick furiously reminds her of everything he has done for her ("Steel Pier"). He grabs the Air Show raffle ticket Bill had given her out of her hand and wonders why she would still be thinking about how her act at Trenton had failed after some 'hot-dog pilot' got himself killed in a crash. Suddenly everything comes clear to Rita as she realizes that she had been dancing and falling in love with a man who was only with her on three weeks of borrowed time. As she realizes what a loveless trap her life with Mick has been, the world around her fades away and Bill appears ("Steel Pier (reprise)"). He says he's just a guy who wanted a second chance, but he could no longer stay - he only had three weeks, but she has a lifetime. He asks her at last for the dance he won in the raffle, and once the transient moment ends, he urges to take a chance on life ("Final Dance"). Exhausted, Rita picks up her suitcase and, with a triumphant sense of hope and determination, leaves the marathon behind forever.
Song list.
Some critics identified “Somebody Dance,” “Lovebird,” and “Steel Pier” among the outstanding musical numbers.
Recording.
The Original Broadway cast recording was released by RCA Victor Broadway on July 29, 1997.
Awards and nominations.
Original Broadway production.
"Steel Pier" was nominated for eleven Tony Awards but won none. This tied "Chicago", also written by Kander and Ebb, for most Tony nominations without a win. Another Kander-Ebb musical, "The Scottsboro Boys", was nominated for twelve Tony Awards but won none, besting "Steel Pier" and "Chicago" by one.

</doc>
<doc id="5991859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991859" title="Twin Lakes, Lake County, Colorado">
Twin Lakes, Lake County, Colorado

Twin Lakes is a census-designated place and a U.S. Post Office located in Lake County, Colorado, United States near the base of Mount Elbert. The population as of the 2010 Census was 171. The Twin Lakes Post Office has the ZIP Code 81251.
Lake County, one of the original 17 counties created by the Colorado legislature in 1861, was named for Twin Lakes. As originally defined, Lake County included a large portion of western Colorado to the south and west of its present boundaries.
Geography.
Twin Lakes is located at (39.082639,-106.381130), about 20 miles (32 kilometers) south of Leadville, on State Highway 82.
The altitude of Twin Lakes is approximately 9200 ft (2780 m) above sea level, somewhat lower than Leadville.
Demographics.
As estimated in 2006, the following demographic data applied to ZIP code 81251, the best available approximation to the village of Twin Lakes (in Lake County): 
There were 216 people and 98 households residing in ZIP code 81251. The racial makeup of the village was 73.6% White, 0.5% African American, 2.3% Native American, 21.3% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 35.6% of the population.
Males were 56.9% of the population, females 43.1%. The median annual income for a household in the village was $49,322.

</doc>
<doc id="5991876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991876" title="Pura Sangre">
Pura Sangre

Pura Sangre (1994) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Radio caracas Television. It was written by Julio César Marmol and directed by Olegario Barrera. This telenovela lasted 168 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Synopsis.
Pura Sangre is set amidst the beauty and exuberance of the tropics... where man battles nature each day to reap the frutis of the earth. It is here that we encounter two families - of the Paredes and Sarmiento lineage - both wealthy landowners who have been caught in a life and death struggle far longer that anyone can remember. Abraham Paredes is the patriarch of his family; a selfish, greedy despot who heads the bitter fight against the Sarmientos. He was married twice: once to Belinda, a deaf-mute and mother of Aaron; and to Eloisa, who died in childbirth and was the mother of Damian, Derian and Eloisa. Abraham has another child: Anastasio, son of an unknown mother. Numa Pompilio Sarmiento heads the rival family; his sons and innumerable nephews support his battle against the Paredes clan. Mauricio is his eldest son; a young man as intent on revenge as is Rafael (Numa's favorite nephew). Upon returning to these lands from capital city, Numa's youngest son Abelardo falls madly in love with Eloisa Paredes... and this subplot unfolds into an intense and troubled love story, reminiscent of the great Shakespearean classic. At the same time, Yomira (Numa Pompilio's only daughter) is tormented by the memories of a love affair she once had with Damian Paredes. Damian has since returned from the capital city, where he became a priest in an endeavor to help save his family. Her vivid memories and his new commitment to his faith further heighten the conflict in their relationship. In the midst of the intrigue and this vicious struggle for power, we meet Corazon. She is a beautiful girl who was raised in the countryside and has suffered the harsh realities of rural life, while being an unwitting heir to the family wars. As such, Corazon is indomitable, yet possesses rare beauty and innocence. Aaron is instantly attracted to her unique personality and takes it upon himself to be a sort of teacher to her. As in the play "Pigmalion", he transforms the rebellious and untamed Corazon into a great lady... not realizing - until it's too late - that love has a way of subtly capturing the heart. This story is a turbulent river of passions, hatred, and vengeance... where love, in its most sublime form, struggles to keep from drowning in its water

</doc>
<doc id="5991877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991877" title="The House on East 88th Street">
The House on East 88th Street

The House on East 88th Street is a children's book written by Bernard Waber first published in 1962.
The book is the first in the "Lyle the Crocodile" series. The story is about a family named the Primms who move into an old Victorian brownstone, only to find a performing crocodile named Lyle living in the bathtub. At first they are horrified, but they learn to love him and accept him into their family.
The book was followed by the sequel "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile" in 1965. In 1987, it was adapted into an animated musical TV special for HBO.

</doc>
<doc id="5991880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991880" title="Bubblegum dance">
Bubblegum dance

Bubblegum dance is a subgenre of Eurodance music. The genre is characterized by cute lyrics and happy sounds. Bubblegum dance usually has a more pop sound than other Eurodance. The lyrics and style are often light-hearted and are not intended to be taken seriously. They are often amusing and cheerful. Bubblegum dance is similar to bubblegum pop music in that they both tend to have fun, childish subjects.
The name "bubblegum dance" was coined probably because of its similarities with the 1950s pop music, in which the women artists often appeared in photos with a pink bubblegum balloon in their mouth and exaggerated, wide and colorful skirts. Some subsequent pop styles have also been silly and cheerful, such as 1980s pop music. In bubblegum dance tracks, females usually sing the chorus, often in a high-pitched tone. Males often provide rap vocals, which are sung in low tones. Bubblegum dance music can be described as cheerful, amusing, silly and childish, which may suggest that the songs are aimed at children. However, this is not always the case - it is common for "bubblegum dance" artists to use sexual or suggestive lyrics in their songs that are more appropriate for adult audiences.
Many bubblegum dance acts have been heavily featured on the Dancemania series albums.
History.
Euro bubblegum dance originates in Scandinavia, particularly in Denmark where a large percentage of bubblegum dance music is produced. The late 1990s and early 2000s marked the high-point in bubblegum dance production. Bubblegum dance music can be seen as the transition point between the harder style of music that was popular in the late 80s and early 90s and the happy "teen pop" music that was popular during the early 2000s.
Euro bubblegum dance music has a huge following in Japan, probably due to its use in popular dance games such as Dance Dance Revolution (DDR), In The Groove (ITG), and the Dancemania series. Many artists, such as Smile.dk, Bambee, Rebecca and Miss Papaya, have gained recognition and fame through these games. As well as this, Anime has a large bubblegum dance following, and many fans choose to use bubblegum dance styled music in their fan-made Anime Music Videos (AMVs).
Lyrics and style.
The lyrics and style of bubblegum dance music is often silly and should not be taken seriously. Traditionally, bubblegum dance music can be described as cheerful, amusing, silly and childish, with many people leading to the conclusion that the song or artist is aimed at children. However, it is common for artists of this genre to incorporate sexually suggestive lyrics into some of their songs. While sometimes these suggestive lyrics might be very obvious, other times they might go unnoticed.
Sub-Categories.
There are many different "sub-categories" of bubblegum dance music that help specify a particular sound/style. These terms were coined by the Web site "Bubblegum Dancer", and include traditional bubblegum, contemporary bubblegum, bubblegum dance speed, bubblegum macho, bubbledeath, bubblegum satire, technobilly bubblegum, and organic bubblegum.

</doc>
<doc id="5991892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991892" title="Chery A11">
Chery A11

The Chery A11 (), also known as Fulwin, Fengyun or Windcloud, is Chery Automobile's first car. Created without government approval, the Windcloud has nonetheless been the first step of Chery's success story and helped transform the Chinese automotive market from one dependent on foreign joint ventures.
Development.
The A11 is essentially a rebadged first generation SEAT Toledo, a model which was built by SEAT – i.e. the Spanish subsidiary of the Volkswagen group – from 1991 to 1998 and was based on the Volkswagen Group A2 platform. This is the same platform used by FAW-VW Automobile for their successful, license-built FAW-VW Jetta. Windcloud production indeed depended on secret side deals with the same parts suppliers as did FAW-VW. A later financial settlement out of court meant that Volkswagen agreed to abstain from a planned lawsuit. The purchase of the Toledo blueprints was also executed in secret, in spite of SEAT being a Volkswagen subsidiary: all of these deft negotiations were the work of engineer Yin Tongyao, who had originally worked for Volkswagen's Chinese joint venture.
Tongyao was originally poached by the government of Wuhu, in Anhui province, after they had reached the decision to develop a car for local production. Tongyao had also quietly purchased the production line for a rather outdated Ford engine in England, which he then transferred to Anhui: the first engines left the production line in May 1999. This was to be the first engine installed in the Windcloud. It was later replaced by the more modern Tritec and Acteco engines. At the time, China had very strict regulations hindering the entry of new players into the automotive industry, so for nearly two years Chery was officially only producing "automotive components", albeit in a fully assembled form. In 2001, Chery finally received government permission to market their cars nationwide.
The Chery A11's production began in December 1999 as the "CAC6340". The name was changed to Fengyun, codenamed "SQR7160", in 2000, and Chinese production ended in 2006. The Chery A15, first presented in 2003, is a facelifted Windcloud.

</doc>
<doc id="5991896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991896" title="Ioan Mirea">
Ioan Mirea

Ioan Mirea (1912-1987) was a Romanian painter and graphic artist. 

</doc>
<doc id="5991901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991901" title="Don't Lose My Number">
Don't Lose My Number

"Don't Lose My Number" is a song by Phil Collins from his third solo album "No Jacket Required". The single was not released in the UK, though it peaked at #4 in the US during late September 1985. The B-side, "We Said Hello Goodbye" was released as a bonus track on the CD for "No Jacket Required".
History.
The song is about a man named "Billy" whom the singer is hoping to find (and hopes Billy still has his number). The song describes Billy being pursued by some shadowy organisation. Collins has said that he actually wrote most of the song during the recordings for his very first album, "Face Value". Collins also states that the lyrics were improvised, and that he himself does not fully understand what they mean. Stephen Holden of the "New York Times" also agreed that the lyrics were very "vague, sketching the outlines of a melodrama but withholding the full story". The single was not released in the UK, but peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts during late September 1985.
Music video.
Collins did not know what he would use as a video theme for "Don't Lose My Number," so he decided to create a video showing his decision process in selecting a theme for it. In the actual video, Collins talks to various "directors", who all give him bad ideas for the video. Their suggestions allow Collins to parody several other music videos of the time, including videos by Michael Jackson, David Lee Roth ("California Girls"), Elton John, The Police ("Every Breath You Take"), and The Cars ("You Might Think"), as well as movies such as "Mad Max 2" and various samurai movies and Westerns.

</doc>
<doc id="5991902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991902" title="Burestenen">
Burestenen

Burestenen (), or Nolbystenen, listed in Rundata as M 1, is a memorial runestone located in the Swedish province of Medelpad.
Description.
Burestenen is located in the Kvissle-Nolby-Prästbolet region near the Ljungan's outlet into the Gulf of Bothnia, south of Sundsvall. The area has a unique concentration of historic and prehistoric artifacts. Burestenen lies beside the ruins of a manor chapel from the Early Middle Ages. Also in the vicinity is a collection of Viking Age graves and twelve large tumuli from the Swedish Migration Period, of which one is Norrland's largest.
In addition to its runic inscription, it has some crosses marking the Christianization of the 11th century Medelpad. Based on its animal ornamentation, it is classified as being in Ringerike style, runestone style Pr1, dated to c. 1020–1050. The inscription is signed by the runemaster Fartägn.
Inscription.
A transliteration of the runic inscription is:
The Old Norse text on the stone translates into English as:

</doc>
<doc id="5991929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991929" title="Connaught Armoury">
Connaught Armoury

The Connaught Armoury is located 10310 - 85 Avenue in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. This building was built in 1911 at a cost of $35,000 and is the oldest armoury in Alberta. It was built to house the B Squadron of the 19th Alberta Dragoons. The armoury was named for Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, the third son of Queen Victoria and the Canada's governor general from 1911 to 1916.
When the Dragoons were made dormant in 1965, the city acquired the armoury from the federal government. The building was vacant for 14 years. The building has been leased out to various restaurants over the years, but they did not succeed. The Strathcona Legion Branch 150 requested the use of the Armoury after the building they were occupying became too expensive to continue using. However, Edmonton City Council decided to use the building as a drop-in centre for the Youth Emergency Shelter Society. 
See also.
List of Armouries in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="5991963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991963" title="Dallington, Northamptonshire">
Dallington, Northamptonshire

Dallington is a former village about northwest of the centre of Northampton, the county town of Northamptonshire, England. Dallington is now a suburb of Northampton.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary the Virgin dates from 1207 and is a Grade II* listed building. It is near the site of a previous Saxon church.
Dallington Hall on Dallington Park Road is a Grade II* listed manor house, originally built 1720-30 for Sir Joseph Jekyll, Master of the Rolls. It was later owned by the Rainsford family and then Earl Spencer before becoming a hospital known as the Margaret Spencer Home of Rest. It has now been divided into private apartments. 
Dallington is north-east of Duston, south of Kings Heath and north-west of St James End.

</doc>
<doc id="5991967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991967" title="Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile">
Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile

Lyle, Lyle Crocodile is a children's book written by Bernard Waber first published in 1965. It is the sequel to "The House on East 88th Street", published in 1962.
The book is the second in the "Lyle the Crocodile" series. The fictional series follows the life of Lyle, a city-dwelling crocodile who lives in a Victorian brownstone with a family named the Primms.
The story begins with Lyle and Mrs. Primms going shopping and running into their neighbor, Mr. Grumps. The grouchy Mr. Grumps finds Lyle a nuisance because Lyle scares his cat, Loretta, and he has him thrown in the zoo. When Lyle is freed by his old performing partner Mr. Valenti, they go back to the house on 88th Street, where they find Mr. Grumps' house on fire. Lyle rescues Mr. Grumps, is declared a hero, and thus is allowed to stay with the Primms.
In Popular Culture.
The musical film for "Lyle, Lyle Crocodile" was released for television on November 12, 1987. It made its first home video release by Hi-Tops Video (now Media Home Entertainment, Inc.) two years later.
The book was used in Jerry Spinelli's book "Maniac Magee", where it is the favorite story of Hester and Lester, the younger children of the Beale family from the East End.
The book also appears on The Newsroom (U.S. TV series). In the second season episode "Unintended Consequences," written by series creator Aaron Sorkin, producer Maggie Jordan (portrayed by Alison Pill) reads the story many times to Daniel, a young Ugandan boy (portrayed by Demoze Talbot) in a remote orphanage while on assignment.

</doc>
<doc id="5991979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5991979" title="Gabriel Popa (painter)">
Gabriel Popa (painter)

Gabriel Popa (1937–1995) was a Romanian painter. 
Popa was born on July 18, 1937 in Ploiești, Romania. He graduated from the Art Institute in Cluj Napoca. He moved to Timişoara in 1961. He was a professor, between 1962–1974, at the city's Art Institute, teaching painting and drawing. Since 1974, Gabriel Popa became a professional painter, member of the Romania's Artists Guild. He died of leukemia in the summer of 1995.
His art is known and appreciated in Romania and internationally. He participated in collective exhibitions in Romania, Yugoslavia, Italy, Spain, Austria and Germany. He had personal exhibitions in Timişoara, Bucharest and Reşiţa, Romania; in Ettlingen and Baden-Baden, Germany and Vienna, Austria.
His large projects include a fresco for the National Opera House, Timişoara (35 sq. m) and wood panels painted series for the Roman Catholic Church in Orsova (50 sq. m).
His works can be found in public and private collections in Romania, Germany, Italy, France, Israel, Croatia, Serbia, Spain, Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Greece and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="5992016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992016" title="Atalanta (Bottiaea)">
Atalanta (Bottiaea)

Atalanta () or Allante (Ἀλλάντη) or Allantium was an ancient city of Bottiaea, between Gortynia and Europos, near Axius river, which may have been built by the Bottiaeans before their expulsion by Macedonians to Bottike. Axioupoli of today's Kilkis regional unit claims to be the ancient location. N. G. L. Hammond places it between Athyra, Pella regional unit and Koufalia, Thessaloniki regional unit
Thucydides (2.100.3) mentions Atalante, south of Gortynia. Stephanus of Byzantium, Allante, a city of Arcadia and Macedonia. Allantenses are reported among the list of peoples by Plinius (HN 4.53). In the lists of Delphian theorodokoi (230-220 BC), after Ichnae and before Thessalonica, the inscription reads: , "In Allanteion, Andronikos and Dikaios sons of Chionides". In a Roman-era inscription found east of Pella, ("the city of Allanteans"), honours diefied Roman Emperos. 
, "Atalantaioi", are also mentioned near to Edessaioi and Europaioi in a dedicatory inscription from Argos.

</doc>
<doc id="5992020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992020" title="Mats Jonsson (rally driver)">
Mats Jonsson (rally driver)

Mats Jonsson (born November 28, 1957) is a rally driver from Sweden. He competed in the World Rally Championship from 1984 to 1993, with a best position of 12th overall in the 1991 season. His greatest individual events were in his home Swedish Rally, which he won outright in successive years in 1992 and 1993.
He continues to compete in Scandinavian events, and in both the European and Estonian Rally Championships, in a Group A Ford Escort.

</doc>
<doc id="5992024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992024" title="Multi-family residential">
Multi-family residential

Multi-family residential (also known as multi-dwelling unit or MDU) is a classification of housing where multiple separate housing units for residential inhabitants are contained within one building or several buildings within one complex. A common form is an apartment building. Sometimes units in a multi-family residential building are condominiums, where typically the units are owned individually rather than leased from a single apartment building owner. 
Many intentional communities incorporate multi-family residences, such as in cohousing projects.

</doc>
<doc id="5992032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992032" title="Pêra (Silves)">
Pêra (Silves)

Pêra () is a Portuguese parish ("freguesia") in the municipality of Silves. The village is south east of Silves and is south south east of Lisbon. The village used to be called Pêra de Cima or Upper Pêra to distinguish it from the present Armação de Pêra, which was then named Pêra de Baixo (Lower Pêra).
Description.
Pêra is located a little south of the N125 coast road and is linked to Albufeira by the old municipal road Estr EN526. Pêra has benefited from the road by-pass built several years back which diverted most of the traffic away from the village which often brought it to a standstill. The narrow streets of the village were only ever intended to accommodate pedestrians and horse-drawn vehicles.
The International Sand Sculpture Festival (FIESA) is held annually in the parish.
The parish of Pêra has within its boundaries the villages of : 
Parish Church.
The patron of the village is the Divine Holy Ghost. Pêra main parish church was built in the 18th century and has a single nave and a simple apse. The highlight of the church is the altarpiece with a pyramid-shaped throne in the Baroque style which is located at the end of the chancel. Also from the Baroque period are the side altarpiece, as well as those in the Chapels of Nossa Senhora do Rosário (Our lady of the Rosary) and Sagrado Coracão de Jesus (Sacred Heart of Jesus). Both these chapels have statues which date from the 18th century. The church also possesses interesting figurative tiles in the chancel which depict the four evangelists, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.

</doc>
<doc id="5992040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992040" title="Timothy Royle">
Timothy Royle

Timothy Lancelot Fanshawe Royle was founder and chairman of the Control Risks Group.
Born in 1931 he is the son of Sir Lancelot Royle KBE. he was educated at Harrow School and Mons Military Academy. He joined the British Army and served with the 15th/19th The King's Royal Hussars.
He was appointed CEO of the Hogg Robinson group in 1980 and left the company in 1981, leading a management buyout of The Control Risks Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5992048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992048" title="Ben Bridwell">
Ben Bridwell

Benjamin "Ben" Bridwell is the lead singer of American rock band Band of Horses and a former member of the band Carissa's Wierd.
Early life.
Bridwell was born on April 25, 1978 and grew up in Irmo, South Carolina. He left home at age 16 and moved to Tucson, Arizona to live with his mother.
Carissa's Wierd.
While living in Tucson, Bridwell worked with Mat Brooke and Jenn Ghetto, selling pizza. In 1997 the three moved to Olympia, Washington, but soon relocated to Seattle, where all three worked in a bar. Bridwell founded a record label, Brown Records, while Brooke and Ghetto formed the band Carissa's Wierd. Bridwell later received some basic drumming tuition from Brooke and subsequently replaced Carissa's Wierd drummer Robin Peringer, who had left to play guitar on tour with Modest Mouse. Bridwell later moved on to bass guitar.
Brown Records released the first two Carissa's Wierd albums, but Bridwell eventually gave up running the label and Carissa's Wierd released their third album on Sad Robot records, before splitting up in 2003. The band reformed for a few shows in 2010 and 2011, but Bridwell took no part in that reunion.
Band of Horses.
Brooke, Early and Meinig quit soon after "Everything All the Time" was released, but Bridwell recruited new musicians and the band's popularity continued to grow. Their second album, "Cease to Begin" was released in October 2007. It was recorded by the core trio of Bridwell, Creighton Barrett (drums) and Rob Hampton (guitar and bass), with keyboards by Ryan Monroe.
Band of Horses third album, "Infinite Arms" was released on May 18, 2010 and was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Alternative Album category. For "Infinite Arms" the band became a five-piece featuring Bridwell, Barrett, Monroe, Tyler Ramsey (guitar) and Bill Reynolds (bass). That line up has also recorded the band's 4th album, "Mirage Rock", which was released on September 18, 2012.
Other projects.
Bridwell contributed the track "Your Love is Forever" a George Harrison cover, to the album "Sweetheart" a compilation album released by Starbucks Entertainment on January 30, 2010. He duetted with Courtney Jaye on a cover version of The Jesus and Mary Chain track "Sometimes Always" on her 2010 album, "The Exotic Sounds of Courtney Jaye". Bridwell also appears on "Starting Over," a track on the Macklemore & Ryan Lewis album "The Heist" and on the tracks "Opposite" and "Accident Without Emergency" on the Biffy Clyro album "Opposites".
Brown Records.
Band of Horses third album, "Infinite Arms", was released on Bridwell's previously defunct Brown Records label (along with Columbia and Fat Possum). Bridwell explained his original intentions for his label, "I really started it with the idea of it being a stepping stone. I would press a thousand CDs, we’d get ’em in stores...get in a local independent radio station and the band would have something to sell at shows and then hopefully a real label would pick it up. It got a lot busier than I ever imagined...in the end it just went out of control...I never expected it to be a real label. I’m re-pressing thousands and... ‘Shit, I’m...gonna have to do this correctly, people’s livelihoods (are) resting in my hands.’...I ended up cracking under the pressure, especially just getting those bands on a real label...That’s always been my calling, spreading the bands I liked that people hadn’t heard." With reference to the label's relaunch he added, "Now I’ve just heard that call again...a lot of artists are unheard that I think I can try to help with."
Personal life.
Bridwell married Elizabeth McCann on April 4, 2009. They have two daughters, Annabelle, who was born in 2008 and Ivy, who was born November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5992063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992063" title="Black Magic Woman">
Black Magic Woman

"Black Magic Woman" is a song written by Peter Green that first appeared as a Fleetwood Mac single in various countries in 1968, subsequently appearing on the 1969 Fleetwood Mac compilation albums "English Rose" (US) and "The Pious Bird of Good Omen" (UK), as well as "Vintage Years". In 1970, it became a classic hit by Santana, as sung by Gregg Rolie, reaching No. 4 in the U.S. and Canadian charts, after appearing on their "Abraxas" album, becoming more closely associated with Santana than Fleetwood Mac. In 2005 the song was covered by ex-Thin Lizzy guitarist Snowy White on his album "The Way It Is". In 1996, the song was also covered by Gary Hoey on his album "Bug Alley".
The 1:49 instrumental at the end is called "Gypsy Queen," and was written by Hungarian Jazz guitarist Gabor Szabo. It was omitted from 1974's "Santana's Greatest Hits" album, even though radio stations usually play "Black Magic Woman" and "Gypsy Queen" as one song.
Fleetwood Mac version.
Although not as popular as Santana's arrangement two years later, "Black Magic Woman" nevertheless became a fairly popular blues-rock hit peaking at No. 37 in the UK Singles Chart. It was featured in Fleetwood Mac live set-lists even after Green had left the band, when it was often sung by Danny Kirwan, and during concerts in the early 1970s it would form the basis for long mid-concert jams. The song would often be preceded by a band member reminding the audience that it was a Fleetwood Mac song before it became such a big hit for Santana.
Structure.
Set in the key of D minor, the verse follows a twelve bar chord progression alternating between D minor7, A minor7, and G minor7, and the instrumentation consists of vocals, two guitars, bass guitar and drums. It is homophonic, the voice and lead guitar taking the lead roles. The song is set in common time (4/4), with the rhythm "pushing" on the upbeat, then breaking into a shuffle beat root -chord jam after the final verse.
D minor 7 | D minor 7 | A minor 7 | A minor 7 | D minor 7 | D minor 7 | G minor 7 | G minor 7 | Dm 7 - C 7 | Bb 7 - A 7 | D minor 7 | D minor 7
The original recording by Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac featured guitars that were slightly below standard pitch, probably due to them being tuned to a piano or another guitar in the recording studio (very much reminiscent of The Rolling Stones). For most performances, it is played in standard, although to create a performance faithful to the original recording, the low E string is advised to be tuned down to D.
The haunting D minor triad from the 17 fret is played out on one guitar, and a slide guitar playing the same chord is faded in over the top.
Santana version.
Background.
Santana's version, recorded in 1970, is a medley with Gábor Szabó's 1966 "Gypsy Queen", a mix of jazz, Hungarian folk and Latin rhythms. The song became one of Santana's staples and one of their biggest hits, with the single reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1971. "Abraxas" reached #1 on the charts and hit quadruple platinum in 1986, partially thanks to "Black Magic Woman."
Structure.
While the song follows the same general structure of Peter Green's version, also set in common time, in D minor and using the same melody and lyrics, it is considerably different, with a slightly altered chord pattern (Dm7– Am7–Dm7–Gm7–Dm7–Am7–Dm7), occasionally mixing between the Dorian and Aeolian modes, especially in the song's intro. A curious blend of blues, rock, jazz, 3/2 afro-Cuban son clave, and "Latin" polyrhythms, Santana's arrangement added conga, timbales and other percussion, in addition to organ and piano, to make complex polyrhythms that give the song a "voodoo" feel distinct from the original.
The introduction of the song, which was adapted from Szabó's "Gypsy Queen", consists of simple hammer-ons, pull-offs and slides on the guitar and bass, before moving into the introductory guitar solo of "Black Magic Woman." After the introductory solo, which follows the same chord progression as the verse, the song moves into an eight-bar piano solo on D minor, and proceeds to two verses sung by keyboardist Gregg Rolie. Two verses of guitar solo follow the two sung verses, which are then succeeded by another verse, before moving into a modified version of the "Gypsy Queen" section from the beginning of the song to end the piece. Rolie also performs a solo on the Hammond B3 Organ in the middle of the song.
There is also a single edit that runs for 3:15. On some radio versions the piano solo is omitted, and "Gypsy Queen" is sometimes omitted. Other longer versions have since been released, including one which runs for 8:56.

</doc>
<doc id="5992069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992069" title="Helen Walsh">
Helen Walsh

Helen Walsh (born 1977 in Warrington near Liverpool) is an English writer. To date she has written four novels: "Brass" (2005), "Once Upon a Time in England" (2008), "Go to Sleep" (2011) - all of which have been published by Canongate Press - and "The Lemon Grove" (2014), published by Tinder Press.
Biography.
At the age of 16, she moved to Barcelona, Spain but returned to England in her early twenties. 
Works.
Her controversial debut, "Brass", was published in 2004 and won a Betty Trask Award. Her second novel, "Once Upon a Time In England", was published in 2008 and won a 2009 Somerset Maugham Award and was shortlisted for the 2008 Portico Prize. Her third novel, "Go to Sleep" was published in 2011. Walsh's most recent novel, "The Lemon Grove" was published in February 2014 and concerns the illicit relationship between a woman and her stepdaughter's 17-year-old boyfriend on holiday in Mallorca.

</doc>
<doc id="5992073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992073" title="Fred J. Page High School">
Fred J. Page High School

Fred J. Page High School (PHS) is a senior high school in the prestigious Williamson County School District nationally recognized for high academic achievement. The school opened in August 1975 bearing the name of former Williamson County Superintendent Frederick Jackson Page. Although the property is located in the unincorporated town of Rudderville, its mailing address is officially part of Franklin, Tennessee. The school is consistently ranked among America's top 500 high schools by "Newsweek" magazine and "U.S. News & World Report". The school has produced a remarkable number of scholars, athletes and entertainers given its small size and relatively rural location.
In 2014, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Page High School the #1 public school zone in both mathematics and English proficiency in the state of Tennessee for the fourth consecutive year. The website Schooldigger.com named Page High the top secondary school in the state while "Newsweek" named the school zone the second best academically in Tennessee with the 7th highest average SAT score in the United States. An independent study ranked the AP Calculus program the strongest in the state of Tennessee among zoned public schools. Page High is among only a few schools in Tennessee consistently bestowed National Blue Ribbon status and was one of three high school finalists for the 2011 SCORE prize after demonstrating tremendous academic gains.
In 2013, Page High School in Williamson County and Farragut High School in Knox County were the only two high schools in Tennessee that ranked among the top 5% in academic performance and the top 5% in academic progress. During the 2012–13 school year, Page High was awarded Platinum High Achievement status through the National High Schools That Work initiative of the Southern Regional Education Board. In 2013, Dr. Andrea Anthony was named the Tennessee High School Principal of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals.
Frederick Jackson Page.
Page High School was named after Frederick Jackson Page (1863–1944), the first Superintendent of Williamson County Schools. He served in that position for 42 years (1899–1941) retiring at the age of 77. Superintendent Page gained a reputation nationally as a revolutionary educator, scholar and author. He was instrumental in the county's expansion from 8 grades to 12 grades in the early 1900s, lengthened the school year from five months to nine months, and introduced the ideas of summer school for remediation purposes and increased rigor in elementary school. Page revolutionized the teacher certification process and introduced the idea of uniform textbooks to replace teacher-made materials, additionally consolidating hundreds of tiny schoolhouses into larger, centralized institutions.
Frederick Page was born in Triune, Tennessee on October 7, 1863 at a time when Civil War battles were prevalent in the area. The Page homestead was located just five miles east of what would become the Page High School campus a century later. Page's ancestors had arrived in Williamson County in the early 1800s, his grandparents marrying there on February 5, 1817. Page's grandmother Nancy Armstrong is buried in Franklin, TN. 
Page received his master's degree at the age of 18 from Peabody College, now part of Vanderbilt University. He was named principal of Clarksville High School in Clarksville, Tennessee at the age of 19. Page later worked in West Tennessee as a teacher in Overton County and as president of Obion College in the town of Troy. He eventually returned to Williamson County becoming the principal of College Grove Preparatory School in College Grove, Tennessee prior to his tenure as superintendent. Page retired in 1941 and passed away on April 9, 1944 at the age of 80, buried in Mount Hope Cemetery. Years after his passing, the home in which he lived was torn down and the property became what is now Williamson County Animal Hospital at 1126 Murfreesboro Road.
Fred J. Page High School campus.
Fred J. Page School was completed in 1975 on 40 acres of Tennessee farmland at a cost of US$ 3 million. Built in the unincorporated town of Rudderville, TN and serving grades 7-12, the school was posthumously named for Frederick Page 31 years after his death. The building was designed by architect Earl Swensson whose award-winning firm would later serve as architect of record on the Schermerhorn Symphony Center in Nashville, TN. L.L. Poe Construction Company served as contractor on the project just seven years after completing the Keathley University Center on the campus of Middle Tennessee State University.
The new school was constructed to remove and consolidate the upper grades of Bethesda and College Grove, two K-12 schools that were bitter rivals. Bethesda and College Grove subsequently became K-6 schools while Page would serve grades 7-12. In 1975, Page High School opened as Williamson County's fourth public high school joining Fairview, Franklin and Hillsboro. It was the largest and most modern school in the county upon completion, the first new public high school opened since the completion of West Williamson High in 1956 (later renamed Fairview High School). In 1957 Franklin High School was completed at its present Hillsboro Road location but only to replace the building that had burned on Columbia Avenue the previous year. Hillsboro High School no longer exists, the old building now serving as a community center in historic Leiper's Fork, Tennessee.
Built to serve the eastern sector of Williamson County with a capacity of 1000 students, Page High School's initial enrollment was around 850. The inaugural faculty included principal Bob Greathouse, assistant principal Mayes Waters, two guidance counselors, one librarian and 36 teachers. In 2000, Page High School marked its 25th anniversary with nine of the original 36 teachers still employed. As of 2013, Jimmy Baker is the only active teacher from the original faculty. The original school building included 34 classrooms, but an expansion in the 1990s increased that number to current total of 54 classrooms with an expanded capacity for 1215 students.
In 1981, Fred J. Page Middle School opened across the street at which point the original Fred J. Page became a high school exclusively serving grades 9-12.
In 1985, several scenes of the Sean Penn movie "At Close Range", released in 1986, were filmed on location at Fred J. Page High School and students were used as extras. The football stadium is named after legendary musician Waylon Jennings but the new scoreboard installed in 2013 no longer bears his name.
Williamson County population explosion.
Until 2004, the Page High School zone included the towns of Thompson's Station and the northern half of Spring Hill. However throughout that decade the area became the fastest growing population in the United States swelling to over 276% growth. The initial population explosion was attributed to the opening of the Saturn Corporation automobile plant in Spring Hill. At one point 20% of the students at Page High School were Michigan natives, most of whom were families relocated from the Midwest by Saturn's parent company General Motors. The subsequent affordable neighborhoods that now dominate southern Williamson County have allowed more families to reside within Tennessee's top school district. This has contributed to continued population growth as has a thriving local economy and an abundance of job opportunities in the area. The families of executives transplanted by corporations headquartered in Middle Tennessee have had a direct impact on the population of Page High School including Amazon, Nissan, O'Charley's and Shoney's.
Having the smallest capacity of the seven high schools in this expanse of Williamson County has allowed Page High School to maintain an annual enrollment of around 850 students throughout most of its 40-year existence despite this enormous population boom. Page has also been the only of these high schools (except newly opened Summit) to neither suffer from the recent overcrowding issues nor face overcrowding projections in upcoming years. This is a direct result of the staggered construction of five new high schools within a ten-mile radius of Page High's campus over two decades; Centennial High School opening in 1996, Ravenwood High School in 2002, Independence High School in 2004, Summit High School in 2011 and Northeast High School projected to open in 2016.
List of notable alumni.
Chris Burns – Football standout at Page High School (1984-1988), Middle Tennessee State University football standout (1988-1992), drafted in the 6th round of the 1992 NFL Draft as a defensive tackle by the Cincinnati Bengals.
Jared Elliott – All-time passing leader at Page High School (2000-2004), backup quarterback at Miami University behind future Super Bowl champion Ben Roethlisberger, former assistant football coach at Miami University and Western Illinois University, and currently quarterback coach at Missouri Southern.
Randy Evans – High School All-American soccer player at Page High School (1981-1985), member of the Olympic Development Under-23 South Regional Team, head women's soccer coach at the University of Oklahoma 1999–2007.
Jay Foster – First state champion in Page High School history winning the 300-meter hurdles event in 1989 and the #2-ranked hurdler in the nation at 18 years of age.
Zachary Freeman – Author of Free Money Please! The Ten-Step Guide to College Financial Aid.
Les Gilbert – Page High School track & field standout (2005-2009). All-American and Junior Olympic decathlete in 2009 and Atlantic Sun Conference javelin champion in 2010, signing with The University of Tennessee for the spring 2011 track & field season. The only pole vaulter in A–AA public school history to vault 14' 0" on May 23, 2008. Gilbert was the 2009 state champion and 2008 runner-up in the decathlon as well as the state runner-up in pole vault in both 2008 and 2009.
Chelsea Gunn – Chef and graduate of prestigious Le Cordon Bleu's original cooking institute in Paris, France.
George Hatcher – The first national merit finalist in school history in 1996, current NASA scientist at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, GNC engineer for the Space Shuttle program until its retirement in 2011.
Brandon Jackson – Yale University graduate and co-developer of the iPhone app SeeClickFix.
Daniel Keedy – Duke University PhD scientist who serves as a consultant for many government agencies, lauded for his work in protein folding and molecular biophysical fusing.
Mike Keith – Radio play-by-play announcer for the NFL's Tennessee Titans.
Don Lee – Football standout in the 1980s and college football coach.
Kaylan Loyd – Recording artist and contestant on the television program "American Idol (season 8)".
Kate Maguigan – Girls soccer standout at Page High School (2007–2010) who broke every school record, recognized by ESPN as one of the national prep scoring leaders in 2009, signed with the University of Michigan in 2011. Finished career as the 6th-leading scorer in Tennessee history.
Denise Monteath – Page High dance team captain and former NFL cheerleader with the Tennessee Titans Cheerleaders.
Emily Perilli – Girls volleyball standout at Page High School (1999–2002) who led Page High School to 3 consecutive volleyball state championships and became the only high school athlete in Tennessee history to earn state MVP three consecutive years. Emily played collegiate volleyball at University of Virginia 2003–2006.
Juhi Pathak – Recording artist and 2013 contestant on the television program "The Voice" (Season 5) who was selected for Team Cee Lo Green. After her second performance of the season she was stolen by Team Adam Levine.
Cory Robison – Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 2009 world champion, one of only eight Americans with this honor.
Jared Schaumann – World champion on the prestigious American Mathematics Competitions 2012 grade 10 exam and 2014 member of the esteemed U.S. National Physics Team.
Nicole Smith – Girls volleyball and track & field standout at Page High School (2006–2009) who led volleyball team to four consecutive state tournaments and was named national high school MVP. As a member of the girls track & field team (2007–2008) she was the 2008 long jump and high jump state champion. She still holds the Class A–AA freshman record in Tennessee by long jumping 17' 7" in 2007. Nicole played collegiate volleyball at Notre Dame University 2010–2013.
Madison Stremler – Track & field standout who broke nine school records and qualified for the TSSAA state championships three consecutive years in hurdling events (2012-2014). Madison signed with Tennessee Tech in 2014.
Kirstin Tucker – Broadway dancer 2009–present.
James Vaughn – Boys track & field sprinter (2005–2006) who was the 2005 state champion in the 100m dash with the second fastest time in Class A–AA history at 10.72 seconds. Vaughn was also state runner-up in the 200m dash in 2005 and anchored the 4x200m relay team that placed third in the state championships in 2006.
Celica Westbrook – Recording artist and 2012 contestant on the television program "The Voice" (Season 3) who was selected for Team Christina Aguilera.
Chris Wharton – Filmmaker based in Orlando, Florida.
Kelsey Wilkes – Girls soccer standout at Page High School (2009–2012) who broke Kate Maguigan's school scoring record, was one of the national prep scoring leaders in 2009, and signed with the Union University in 2013. Finished career as the 8th-leading scorer in Tennessee history with 154 career goals.
Andrew Wittenberg – Television play-by-play announcer for Page High's football team (1998-2001) and award-winning television news anchor for KSL 5 in Salt Lake City (formerly with WTVM in Columbus, Georgia).
List of notable staff members.
Mark Baker – Former Page High English teacher, author, Hollywood actor, and expert in 18th century firearms who trained Daniel Day-Lewis in the Academy Award-winning film "The Last of the Mohicans" and Mel Gibson and Heath Ledger in the Academy Award-nominated film "The Patriot".
Matt Granstrand – Former Page High soccer coach, current head coach of women's soccer at Northern Michigan University.
Dennis Harrison – Former Page High football coach and teacher, NFL veteran 1978–1987 who spent most of his career with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Richard Lee – Former Page High science teacher and assistant football coach, gospel singer who performed with J.D. Sumner and The Stamps Quartet singing with the likes of Elvis Presley.
Pete Wade – Current Page High boys and girls track & field coach and calculus teacher, former soccer coach, discoverer of the Wade-Wade Theorem, second-most traveled man in the United States to Dr. Alan Hogenauer, award-winning filmmaker and older brother of 3-time "Survivor" contestant Benjamin "Coach" Wade.
Patriot Idol.
Beginning in 2008, Page High School began hosting an annual singing competition known as Patriot Idol modeled after the popular television program "American Idol". One of the winners of Patriot Idol, Kaylan Loyd, became a contestant on "American Idol". Music industry professionals, abundant in the Nashville area, serve as judges on the Patriot Idol panel each year including Joel Smallbone of the band for KING & COUNTRY, legendary musicians Tim Akers and Nathan DiGesare, and frequent celebrity judge Tiffany Lee.
Lip dub film shoot.
In an effort to showcase the talent and school spirit of Page High, students and teachers organized a lip dub featuring the entire student body and staff. Filming began in Room 201 at approximately 9:45 am on April 3, 2013. The video features a number of talents including the singing of juniors Celica Westbrook and Juhi Pathak, both contestants on "The Voice" in 2012 and 2013 respectively. The video also featured the singing of senior Delaney Amatrudo, daughter of actor Ed Amatrudo, weeks before she was accepted into the notable drama program at New York University. The lip dub featured partial choreography by senior Katie Lee who became a student at prestigious Cal Arts and was directed by independent filmmaker Pete Wade, the school's calculus teacher. Incredibly 75% of the performers were calculus students including Pathak, Amatrudo and Lee.
The video was debuted to the student body in their auditorium on April 25, 2013 at 9:15 am. Later that day, at 18 seconds past 10:30 am, the video was released on wcstube (a county-operated video website) under the name "Fred J Page High LipDub 2013". Within three days, the video had garnered 20,000 hits and quickly became one of the most watched videos in the website's history.
Interestingly, a portion of the video featured lip synching by senior Matt Jacobs, his older brother having appeared in the BYU-Idaho lip dub which is certainly the most critically acclaimed video in this genre. A song selection committee at Page High chose five songs to incorporate in the video. Ironically they included the popular song "Blow" performed by American recording artist Kesha who attended Brentwood High School, a local rival of Page High School. In the fall of 2013, Brentwood High School countered with their second lip dub video containing at least one indirect reference to Page High.
Athletics.
The athletic department at Page High School includes the following varsity sports:
Fall
Winter
Spring
Individual champions and runners-up.
Cross Country
Girls Track & Field
Boys Track & Field
Regional champions and state qualifiers.
Baseball
Basketball
Bowling
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Ice Hockey
Rugby
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Wrestling
Marching Band
School songs.
Page High School's official song, known as the Alma Mater, was written by the school's first choir director Jackie Hatcher to the tune of "Annie Lisle", a ballad written in 1857 by Henry Thompson. The song was first adapted as a school song by students at Cornell University in 1870. Another adaptation of the tune can be heard in the 1953 film "Titanic" and the 1987 film "Dirty Dancing".
One of Page High School's two official hymns, "A Thousand Mighty Patriots", was written by Hatcher to the tune of the Harvard University fight song Ten Thousand Men of Harvard. The tune was originally written in 1914 by two Harvard freshman Alfred Putnam and Murray Taylor.
The official fight Song was written and arranged by band director Gary Weaver in 1977. Originally football games were held at nearby College Grove school because Page High lacked a football field. The marching band practiced shows in a neighboring field.
Fight song.
We are the Page Patriots,
We wear the blue and white.
We've got the spirit, listen you'll hear it,
We will stand and fight, fight, fight!
Cheer for the Page Patriots,
We'll sing it loud and clear.
Cheer us on to victory,
The Patriots are here!
Lyrics by Gary Weaver
Alma mater.
(solo) On the southern border of our county,
Reared against the sky,
Proudly stands our Alma Mater,
As the years go by.
Forward ever be our watchward,
Conquer and prevail,
Hail to thee our Alma Mater,
Page High (crowd) all hail!
Lyrics by Jackie Hatcher, Music by Henry Thompson
The Patriot Hymn.
Oh Patriots of Page from far and near,
Come join our happy throng;
We'll sing our Alma Mater's praise,
To her our grateful voices raise!
With heartfelt pride we celebrate,
Her memories hold so dear.
Lyrics by Jackie Hatcher
A Thousand Mighty Patriots.
A thousand mighty Patriots want vict'ry today,
For they know that o'er our rivals old Page holds sway;
So then we'll conquer our rival's team,
And when the game ends we'll sing again 'n again,
A thousand mighty Patriots gained vict'ry today.
Lyrics by Jackie Hatcher, Music by Alfred Putnam and Murray Taylor

</doc>
<doc id="5992074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992074" title="Greek destroyer Adrias (L67)">
Greek destroyer Adrias (L67)

Adrias () was a "Hunt III" class destroyer that was originally built for the Royal Navy as HMS "Border" (L67) but never commissioned. Before her completion, she was loaned to the Royal Hellenic Navy on 20 July 1942 and commissioned as "Adrias" (L67) on 5 August 1942 in order to relieve heavy losses of ships sustained by the Royal Hellenic Navy during the German invasion of 1941 and throughout the war. "Adrias" took her name from the ancient Greek town of Adria in Italy, at the mouth of the Po river, after which the Adriatic Sea is named (Herodotus vi. 127, vii. 20, ix. 92; Euripides, Hippolytus, 736).
Command of "Adrias" was accepted by Cmdr. Ioannis Toumbas in Newcastle, England, on 20 July 1942. Upon completion of the training period on 26 August, while sailing under foggy conditions with only the left engine functioning, she ran aground near Scapa Flow. The damage took four months to repair. No responsibility was attributed to the captain for the accident. In the beginning of January, 1943, after the completion of repairs, "Adrias" sailed to the Mediterranean where she participated in missions escorting convoys.
Active Service.
On 27 January 1943, while positioned NW off Cape Finisterre "Adrias" was believed to have sunk the German submarine U-553 (British Admiralty's signal presumed her possibly sunk). When the war ended the loss of the German submarine was officially confirmed to have occurred on 27 January. However, the name of the ship that caused the sinking was not mentioned. During that same operation on 13 February 1943, "Adrias" sunk or seriously damaged German submarine U-623 (the last report from that submarine was dated 9 February 1943).
"Adrias" took part in numerous convoy escorts in the Mediterranean as well as in the Sicily landing operations, where on the night of 20 July 1943, in cooperation with British escort destroyer HMS "Quantock" she successfully confronted 3 German torpedo boats during a night engagement and sunk two of them. On 20 September 1943 "Adrias" represented Greece when a force of four Allied ships accepted the surrender of a contingent of the Italian navy (out of Taranto) that was sailing towards Malta following the armistice with Italy.
On 22 October 1943, during operations in the Dodecanese, while near the island of Kalymnos with the British destroyer HMS "Hurworth", "Adrias" struck a mine. The explosion tore her bow off. The English Flotilla Commander onboard "Hurworth" ordered Cmdr. Toumbas to abandon ship. "Hurworth", while trying to come to "Adrias"'s rescue, also hit a mine and sunk taking 143 men with her. In spite of the damage suffered, "Adrias" took on the survivors of "Hurworth" (among them her CO) and managed to reach the nearby coast of Gümüşlük in neutral Turkey with 21 men of her crew dead and 30 wounded. After some minor repairs, the ship sailed on 1 December for Alexandria, despite her missing bow. After a trip of , of which 300 were within the range of Luftwaffe's Junkers Ju 88 bombers based in occupied Greece, (the threat of them forced her to sail only at night despite her limited maneuverability), she managed to reach Alexandria on 6 December (day of the Feast of St. Nicholas, patron saint of seamen) where she was enthusiastically greeted by the British Fleet and other Allied ships. This achievement was considered a brilliant example of seamanship, and provided a morale boost to the Royal Hellenic Navy and other allied ships in the Mediterranean.
After the liberation of Greece from the Germans, "Adrias", with her bow temporarily repaired, arrived in Faliro with the rest of the ships of the Hellenic Fleet. The ship was never fully repaired due to the termination of war operations in the Mediterranean and sailed to England where she was returned to the Royal Navy. Of the same class of ships serving in the Hellenic Navy were: "Adrias" (DO6) formerly HMS "Tanatside" (loaned to Hellenic Navy as a replacement of this ship), "Hastings" formerly HMS "Catterick" loaned to Hellenic Navy in 1946, "Kanaris" built as HMS "Hatherleigh", "Miaoulis" built as HMS "Modbury", "Pindos" built as HMS "Bolebroke".
The Hellenic Navy gave the same name to commemorate this ship to Standard type frigate "Adrias" (F459) in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5992078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992078" title="Leinster Cricket Club">
Leinster Cricket Club

Leinster Cricket Club was founded in Rathgar in 1852. The Dublin sports club now hosts tennis, squash, table tennis, bowls and cricket. The Leinster Sports Club complex is situated in the Observatory Lane ground, in the heart of Rathmines. The cricket section currently has eight men's teams, three women's sides and fifteen youth sides.
In 1860, Leinster hosted the first visit to Ireland by the All-England XI on the club's field in Lord Palmerston's demesne. The club also brought W. G. Grace to Ireland for the first time in 1873. In 1875 Ireland's rugby union team played its first home game at the cricket ground as Lansdowne Road was deemed unsuitable.
Leinster hold the record for the most Leinster Senior League titles, with 23.

</doc>
<doc id="5992080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992080" title="Guitar technician">
Guitar technician

A guitar technician (or 'guitar tech') is a member of a music ensemble's road crew who maintains and sets up the musical equipment for one or more guitarists during a concert tour. Depending on the type and size of band, the guitar tech may be responsible for stringing, tuning, and adjusting electric guitars and acoustic guitars, and maintaining and setting up guitar amplifiers and other related electronic equipment such as effect pedals.
Once the guitar equipment has been set up onstage, the guitar tech does a soundcheck to ensure that the equipment is working well. If there are any problems, the guitar tech will replace or repair the faulty components or equipment. Since guitar techs need to soundcheck the instruments and amplifiers, they must have basic guitar-playing skills, a musical "ear" for tuning, and a familiarity with the way guitars, amplifiers, and effect pedals are supposed to sound in the style of music of their band. 
Guitar techs learn their craft either "on the job", by working in a range of music, sound engineering, and instrument repair jobs; by completing a guitar repair program at a college or lutherie school; or from a combination of these two routes. The salaries and conditions of work for guitar techs vary widely, depending on whether a guitar tech is working for a minor or regional touring bar band or a major international touring act.
Duties.
Setting up and soundchecking.
The duties of a guitar technician depend on the type of band they are working for, and on a range of other factors such as the size and nature of the stage show and the length of the show. Guitar technicians who work for an acoustic band, such as a folk group or bluegrass ensemble may be responsible for setting up and stringing, and tuning a range of stringed, fretted instruments including acoustic guitars, dobros, and mandolins. A guitar tech for a heavy metal band, on the other hand, may focus mainly on electric guitars, guitar amplifiers, and effects pedals. A guitar tech may change the sequence of effects pedals or alter the settings on effects pedals during the show, to assist the guitarist in creating different tone colours or sounds. For example, a guitarist may ask the guitar tech to connect a chorus effect and reverb during a guitar solo. In an indie rock band, a guitar technician would likely configure the equipment to evoke through tone a distinctly modern yet historically evocative sensibility. In an acid rock band, a guitar tech might have to manipulate the controls on a ring modulator or a rotating Leslie speaker cabinet to create unusual sounds while the guitarist is performing.
Once the guitars have been tuned with an electronic tuner and strummed to ensure that they are in tune, the guitar tech usually sets up the different guitars on guitar racks, ensures that the leather or nylon straps are properly connected, and that the patch cords are plugged in properly. During the show, the guitar tech hands instruments to the guitarist or guitarists according to the types of guitar that are required in the songs that they are playing. For example, a hard rock guitarist may use a "flying-V" guitar for a fast song, and then switch to an acoustic 12-string guitar for a soft ballad. The guitar tech retunes all of the instruments before they are used, because even if an instrument was perfectly in tune during the soundcheck, the heat from stage lights and the humidity from the stage conditions may render the instrument slightly out of tune. 
After each guitar is used, the guitar tech cleans the strings with a cloth and replaces the instrument on a rack. During the show, the tech stands ready to replace any guitars in case a string breaks or if there is an equipment malfunction. The guitar tech may hand fresh towels to the guitarist so that the guitarist can remove sweat from the hands and ensure that the guitarist has ready access to bottles of cool water or other wet beverages. If a guitar technician is working for a guitarist who uses picks, the guitar tech may lay out a variety of picks on a guitar amplifier or tape the picks to the guitars with double-sided tape, so that they are within easy reach. At the end of the show, the guitar tech tries to disconnect all of the patch cords; cleans the instruments; and tucks them back into their cases.
Maintenance and repair.
The guitar tech also does a variety of regular maintenance. This includes checking that the string height of the guitars is set properly, modifying ("dressing") the height and arc of the frets, verifying the intonation of the instruments (which is adjusted by modifying the bridge), checking that tubes (valves) on tube amplifiers are working properly, and that cables are in good condition and free from crackles and hum caused by nicks and abrasions in the shielding or cable insulation. They also check the batteries on effects devices, tuners, and pre-amps, and change them if necessary. Depending on the size of a band's road crew, the guitar tech may either do this maintenance him or herself, or, in a large touring act, delegate the repair task to more junior personnel.
The guitar tech does a basic soundcheck with the different guitars, amplifiers, and effects, to ensure that the equipment is functioning properly and that all of the connections between the equipment (which are made with patch cords) are plugged in correctly. For a stripped-down roots rock band guitarist, this may be as simple as plugging an electric guitar into an amplifier and plugging an acoustic guitar into a preamp/equalizer box. On the other hand, a guitar tech for a heavy metal guitarist may have to set up ten or more electric guitars, a variety of amplifiers, and connect them to an intricate sequence of effects pedals, all of which is controlled by A-B routing boxes. 
When all of the instruments and equipment are set up and soundchecked, in some cases, if there are crackles, hums, or no sound coming from the instrument or amplifier the guitar tech has to do troubleshooting and determine what the cause of the problem is. Problems can be caused by patch cords which have been damaged or flubbed up; ground loops in the connection between the instrument and the amplifier; weak or dead batteries in effects pedals or on-board preamps; blown vacuum tubes in tube amplifiers or overdrive effects; connections which have disintegrated during transportation; speaker voice coils may have been damaged from the previous concert; or equipment may have been damaged during the flight or the venue load-in. Tuning problems may come from old, weird, or dirty strings, damaged or worn machine heads or frets, or misadjusted bridges.
A guitar tech is often a "jack/jill of all trades" when it comes to making simple repairs. As such, a guitar tech can often resolder a loose wiring connection inside a guitar volume potentiometer, replace an amplifier tube, swap out a damaged speaker for a new one, stick a loose wooden part on an acoustic guitar, or adjust a misaligned neck with an allen key. In cases where there is either not enough time to make the repair, or if the equipment is damaged beyond repair, the guitar tech is often responsible for finding a replacement instrument or part, either by purchasing or renting it from a local music store or by borrowing it from another band. While another member of the road crew may be dispatched to pick up the item(s), the guitar tech usually writes down which models or brands are acceptable replacements.
On rare occasions, guitar technicians may be asked to fill in for the guitarist they are teching for. On August 8, 1992, during the co-headlining Guns N' Roses/Metallica Stadium Tour, Hetfield suffered second and third degree burns to his arms, face, hands, and legs. There was confusion regarding the new pyrotechnics setup, which resulted in Hetfield walking into a 4 meter high fire flame during the performance of the hit song "Fade to Black". Newsted famously recalls that singer Hetfield's skin was "bubbling like on The Toxic Avenger". Guitar technician John Marshall, who had previously sat in on rhythm guitar and was at the time playing in Metal Church, embodied Hetfield for the remainder of the tour as Hetfield was unable to play guitar, although he was able to sing, still, his songs.
Conditions of work.
The conditions of work for guitar techs vary widely. Some guitar techs for small touring acts may set up guitars for all of the stringed-instrument performers—rhythm guitar, lead guitar, bass, and so on; they may even take on a large variety of tasks beyond guitar tech work, such as helping to set up sound equipment or soundcheck the microphones. On the other hand, guitar techs for major touring bands may be part of a large road crew team which includes amplifier technicians, guitar technicians for each guitarist (rhythm guitarist and lead guitarist), and a variety of people who set up the stage equipment. In a major touring band, a guitar tech's duties might be more narrowly circumscribed. They might only have to set up the guitars for a single performer, and there might be other staff who set up and maintain the amplifiers, effects, and guitar stands, and electronics technicians who solder and repair connections and wiring.
The salary, benefits, and accommodations of guitar techs vary widely. The first jobs that a guitar tech does may be on a volunteer basis in a garage band or amateur group, to gain experience, or alternatively the guitar tech might work in return for a small cash payment that is more of a symbolic honorarium than a real salary. In regional-level bar bands or minor touring acts, the guitar techs may be paid on a contractual basis during the weeks or months that the group is on tour, and there may not be health or dental benefits. A guitar tech working for this type of band will have to find other temporary work to fill in the months when the band is not on tour. On the other hand, a major touring act may hire a guitar technician as a permanent employee and provide him or her with a range of benefits. 
The accommodations depend on the conditions set out in the contract and the level and status of the group. A guitar tech travelling with a regional-level band may stay in inexpensive motels and receive a modest per diem for restaurant meals. A guitar tech travelling with a major touring band, though, may stay at the same first-class hotels as the star performers, and eat catered buffet or restaurant meals. Some bands with substantial road crews may have their own catering crew which provides meals during the tour. The guitar techs for the most famous international guitarists such as Jimmy Page or Tony Iommi can become a sort of minor celebrity of sorts within the guitar fan community, because of their close contact with musicians who are considered to be "rock legends", and for their insider knowledge of how a certain guitarist's unique tone is created.
Training and career path.
Guitar technicians must have a broad knowledge of the musical equipment used in the types of bands with which they work. At a minimum, this must consist of familiarity with setting up and tuning guitars and making simple adjustments and repairs. As well, guitar techs are often expected to be able to set up, repair, and adjust electronic effects, tuners, pre-amplifiers, amplifiers, and pedalboards. To do these tasks, guitar techs must know about a range of audio engineering and electronics concepts such as impedance, signal phase (for speakers and microphone wiring), and input voltage for pre-amps and effects. To do simple repairs on electronic gear, a guitar tech may have to know how to use a soldering iron and a multitester and do basic electronics troubleshooting.
As well, since guitar techs need to soundcheck the instruments and amplifiers, they must have a knowledge of the way guitars and amplifiers are supposed to sound in the style of music of the band. This means that the guitar tech must have an ear for music, and for musical tones and sounds. The guitar tech for a heavy metal band must be able to tell, by listening, whether the distortion from a heavily overdriven tube amp is the tube clipping which is desired by the guitarist they work for, or whether the distortion is coming from a blown speaker or damaged power amp. The distinctions that a guitar tech has to make can be quite subtle; for example, a guitar tech who is replacing a blown tube with a new one may have to ensure that the tube amplifier still has the same "color" or "warmth" when chords are played through it.
To check the tuning of guitars, the guitar tech needs to be able to play major, minor, and other chords in a variety of keys. Even if the guitar has been tuned with an electronic tuner, the tuning still needs to be checked "by ear", because tuning a guitar is an art of compromise. The tuning of guitars can be affected by the placement and wearing of the frets, the angle of the bridge, the age of the strings, and a range of other factors. Thus even if an electronic tuner indicates that a guitar is 100% "in tune", it may still need a few minor adjustments by ear. 
The training of guitar technicians varies widely. Some guitar technicians have studied music, guitar repair, amplifier maintenance, and/or electronics repair in college or university. On the other hand, some techs learned these skills informally, "on the job", or by working their way up through the ranks in a range of musical jobs, from a roadie and sound engineer to a sideman in a bar band. Guitar techs who are going the "on the job" training route may learn their skills by playing in amateur or semi-professional bands as a guitarist or bassist; working for music stores as a guitar repairperson; for clubs or bars as a sound engineer; or for PA system rental companies as a speaker and amplifier maintenance person. 
A typical career path for a guitar technician who is going the "on the job" training route is to begin by volunteering in a bar band and then working for low wages in a regional touring act or a minor touring act. Then, as they gain experience and add skills to their resume, they may be able to seek out better-paying jobs with higher-status touring bands. Once a guitar technician has joined the road crew of a major touring act, they may be able to seek out promotions within this organization, to jobs with greater responsibilities and higher pay. For example, a guitar tech who is working as an assistant technician could try to get promoted to a guitar technician for the lead guitarist. A guitar tech who has completed a guitar repair program at a college or lutherie school may be able to enter midway up the guitar tech career ladder.
In the early part of a guitar tech's career, there might be a great deal of mobility between different types of bands and technician roles. While working for minor or regional acts, a guitar tech may be able to work for a country rock bar band and then immediately switch to being the bass tech for a hard rock "tribute band", because the tasks are fairly uniform. The career mobility of guitar technicians tends to become more constrained, though, when guitar techs begin to get jobs with high-status professional touring acts from specific genres. When a regional bar band is looking for a guitar tech for a summer nightclub tour, there may be thousands of guitar techs who could meet the skill requirements of the position. However, if an internationally-known 1960s-style acid rock touring act with a celebrity lead guitarist goes on a major tour, there may be only a handful of guitar techs who have the unique combination of skills that are required to fill this position.
Bass guitar technician.
Bass guitar technicians (or "bass techs") perform the same functions for a bass guitar player. The bass guitar is a type of electric guitar which is pitched one octave below a regular electric guitar. Many of the basic elements of the two types of instruments are similar enough—both instruments use magnetic pickups and then route the signal to an electronic amplifier—that a guitar technician is usually able to work as a bass guitar technician if they become familiar with the unique aspects of the electric bass. The electric bass differs from the electric guitar in several respects. To become a bass tech, a person must learn how to set up the string action (height) and adjust the height of the pickups so that the bassist is able to create the tones associated with different bass styles. Depending on the band, these styles might include such as slap and pop, tapping, or upright bass-style playing with the thumb. 
As with guitar techs, a bass tech will also set up the amplification equipment and effects pedals. Due to the lower pitch of the bass guitar, this instrument is amplified with specialized bass instrument amplifiers. While bass guitarists do not usually use as many effects pedals as most guitarists (e.g., reverb, chorus, flanger, etc.), most professional bassists may use a few "sound conditioner" effects such as a compressor, limiter, or equalizer. Some bassists also use octave pedals to generate extremely low pitches or bass overdrive pedals which produce a fuzzy, distorted sound. Although these effects function in the same way as regular electric guitar effects, a bass tech must be familiar with the settings and the resulting sounds and tones that are most often used by bass guitarists. A guitar tech who is in the first stages of learning to become a bass tech may know how to set up the bass effects from a technical point of view, but it may take a little longer for them to learn which compressor settings, for example, are associated with different funk or metal styles.
In some country, rockabilly, or jazz bands, the bass tech might also be responsible for setting up, tuning, and maintaining an upright bass or electric upright bass. In some folk or acoustic bands, the bass technician may also be responsible for maintaining an acoustic bass guitar, which is a larger, bass version of a standard acoustic guitar. More rarely, some bass techs might have to set up a bass synth (e.g., as used by the bassists in some alternative bands) or bass pedal keyboard such as a Moog Taurus pedal, as used by Sting or Led Zeppelin. Both upright basses and acoustic bass guitars usually use piezoelectric pickups rather than magnetic pickups, and in some cases, the instruments may use condenser mics to pick up the higher range sounds. To amplify instruments with piezo transducers and condenser mics, specialized impedance-matching preamplifiers are often required. As well, since both piezoelectric transducers and mics are more prone to unwanted feedback than magnetic pickups, the bass tech may be required to set up a notch filter with a parametric equalizer, in order to reduce the frequency that is feeding back.

</doc>
<doc id="5992090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992090" title="Distylium">
Distylium

Distylium (Winter-hazel) is a genus of about 18 species of evergreen shrubs and trees in the witch hazel family Hamamelidaceae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="5992092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992092" title="Arizona elegans philipi">
Arizona elegans philipi

Arizona elegans philipi, commonly known as the Painted Desert glossy snake, is a subspecies of glossy snake, a nonvenomous colubrid endemic to North America. 
Etymology.
The epithet "philipipi" is in honor of Philip Monroe Klauber, son of herpetologist Laurence Monroe Klauber who named the subspecies.
Geographic range.
It is found in the southwestern United States, from the far western tip of Texas, through New Mexico, and into Arizona, as well as into northern Mexico. Its range overlaps that of other glossy snake subspecies, and interbreeding is likely. Thus, distinguishing subspecies which share range is often difficult.
Description.
The Painted Desert glossy snake is typically a light tan brown in color, with darker brown blotches down the length of the back. This subspecies usually has around 60 blotches, which is a greater number than in other subspecies. Each blotch is usually edged with black. The underside is usually solid cream or white in color. The coloration can vary, lighter or darker, depending on the soil and elevation of the localized habitat, with specimens from higher elevations often being darker in color. Adults can be from 20 to 35 inches (50 to 90 cm) in total length. They have a thin body, with smooth dorsal scales, and the pupil of the eye is round.
In females of "Arizona elegans philipi" the length of the tail is greater than 13.5% of the total body length; in males, greater than 14.5%. In most specimens the smooth dorsal scales are arranged in 27 rows at midbody.
Habitat.
Their preferred habitat is sandy and rocky arid regions, it is often found in areas of lightly vegetated with creosote and sagebrush. 
Diet.
Their diet consists of lizards, and small rodents. They are nocturnal, and can often be found foraging in roadside ditches in the late evening. 
Reproduction.
Mating occurs in spring, and the female lays a clutch of up to 24 eggs which hatch in the fall. Hatchlings are 9-11 inches (23-28 cm) in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="5992119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992119" title="John Senden">
John Senden

John Gerard Senden (born 20 April 1971) is an Australian professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour.
Senden was born in Brisbane, Queensland and turned pro in 1992. Senden has played all over the world. He is a regular competitor on the PGA Tour of Australasia and has spent time playing in Asia. In Europe he won twice on the second tier Challenge Tour in 1998 and was a member of the main European Tour from 1999 to 2001.
In 2002, Senden joined the PGA Tour in the United States, after coming through the qualifying school in 2001. During his first year on tour he successfully kept his playing status with eight top-25 finishes in 30 events. He claimed his first PGA Tour title on 16 July 2006 at the John Deere Classic, a one-shot victory over American J. P. Hayes. Later in 2006 he won his national open for the first time.
In 2007, he was the leading Australian at the PGA Championship which was won by Tiger Woods and reached the top 50 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
In March 2014, Senden won his second PGA Tour title (and first in eight years) at the Valspar Championship by one stroke over Kevin Na. In the final round, he came from two strokes back to shoot a one-under 70 to seal victory. The win qualified Senden for the 2014 Masters Tournament.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
World Cup (representing Australia): 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5992128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992128" title="Jens Filbrich">
Jens Filbrich

Jens Filbrich (born March 13, 1979 in Suhl, Thuringia) is a German cross-country skier who has been competing since 1998. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a silver in 2006 and a bronze in 2002. Filbrich's best individual Olympic finish was 17th in the 50 km event in 2006.
Filbrich also has six medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, earning four silvers (Team sprint: 2005, 4 x 10 km: 2003, 2005, 2009) and two bronzes (4 x 10 km: 2001 50 km: 2007).
Filbrich has two skiing victories in the World and Continental Cups as of the 2005–6 season (2003, 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="5992143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992143" title="Charles Fisher (producer)">
Charles Fisher (producer)

Charles Fisher is an Australian record producer. Often referred to as the song doctor. He is widely known as the producer of Savage Garden's eponymous album which yielded 10 ARIAs (including Producer of the Year and a Special Achievement Award for himself) in 1997. "I Want You", a single from the aforementioned album also won a Channel V award in India. He has also worked with Radio Birdman, Air Supply, Hoodoo Gurus, Olivia Newton-John, Gyan, Moving Pictures, 1927, Electric Pandas, Detective Red, Soul Decision, The Radiators, Deep Blue Something and Ace of Base.
In the mid-1970s Fisher opened the famed Trafalgar Recording Studios in Sydney's inner south-western suburbs. The studio became one of Australia's premier independent recording facilities, recording & producing acts through the ‘70’s and ‘80’s such as Marcia Hines, Midnight Oil, INXS, Cold Chisel, Skyhooks, Sherbet, Radio Birdman, Moving Pictures, Martin Plaza, Hoodoo Gurus, as well as international acts such as Police and Elvis Costello & Syrius.

</doc>
<doc id="5992144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992144" title="Kitchen Con">
Kitchen Con

Kitchen Con: Writing on the Restaurant Racket is a book about the restaurant business written by restaurant critic Trevor White, who is also the editor of The Dubliner Magazine and of a restaurant guide in Ireland - "The Dubliner 100 Best Restaurants". 
The title of the book is a reference to "" by Anthony Bourdain. In the book, White describes how he believes that diners are routinely duped, with reference to his own career and to some of the bigger names in what he calls "the racket", including Gordon Ramsay, Jean-Christophe Novelli and the Michelin Guide.
The book was published by Mainstream Publishing 5 September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5992145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992145" title="Ine Marie Eriksen Søreide">
Ine Marie Eriksen Søreide

Ine Marie Eriksen Søreide (born 2 May 1976) is a Norwegian politician who has been Minister of Defence since 2013. She is a member of the Conservative Party of Norway. In 2005, she was elected as a Member of the Storting for Oslo.
Born in Lørenskog, from 1995 Eriksen Søreide studied law at the University of Tromsø, while at university she joined the Conservative Party and got involved in local politics. In 2000 she became a member of the Conservative Party Central Executive Committee and Chairman of the Young Conservatives of Norway.
Eriksen Søreide started work as a producer at Metropol TV, she was also elected a Deputy Member of the Storting for Oslo. Following Metropol's closure Eriksen Søreide joined Grette Law Firm as a trainee, In 2005 she was elected a Member of the Storting for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="5992153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992153" title="Oscar Cruz">
Oscar Cruz

Oscar V. Cruz (born November 17, 1934) is an archbishop-emeritus of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. He was the Archbishop of Lingayen-Dagupan in Pangasinan, Philippines.
Biography.
Oscar Cruz was born on November 17, 1934 in Balanga, Bataan, Philippines. He received his seminary training at the University of Santo Tomas Central Seminary, and further theology studies at the Lateran University.
His sacerdotal ordination was on February 8, 1962, and his episcopal ordination was on May 3, 1976. He was the first Filipino rector of San Carlos Seminary of the Archdiocese of Manila from 1973 to 1978. He has been an auxiliary bishop of Manila (1976–1978) and archbishop of the Archdiocese of San Fernando (1978–1988). He served as a Judicial Vicar of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) National Tribunal of Appeals, and Director of the CBCP Legal Office. He was appointed archbishop of Lingayen-Dagupan on July 15, 1991.
Cruz has published many books, including "CBCP Guidelines on Sexual Abuse and Misconduct: A Critique", and "Call of the Laity".
Controversy.
Manila RTC, Branch 52 Judge Antonio Rosales on May 14, 2008, issued the warrant of arrest, granted the P10,000 bail motion, and Archbishop Oscar V. Cruz posted bail. Libel cases were filed against him after he accused the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corp. (PAGCOR) of using female staff to act like "guest relations officers (GROs)" during the 2004 birthday celebration of First Gentleman Jose Miguel Arroyo. His arraignment is set on June 17.
Retirement.
On September 8, 2009, Pope Benedict XVI accepted the retirement of Archbishop Cruz. He was replaced by Bishop Socrates B. Villegas of the Diocese of Balanga who also succeeded his post as CBCP President.

</doc>
<doc id="5992163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992163" title="Rugby Pro D2">
Rugby Pro D2

Rugby Pro D2, also known as Pro D2 is the second level of domestic club rugby union in France, below the first division, Top 14. The competition was introduced in 2000. There is relegation and promotion between both the Top 14 and Fédérale 1, the third-level competition. The top club at the end of the season is automatically promoted to the Top 14; the 2nd through 5th place teams play each other for the second promotion place.
The bottom two are automatically relegated to Fédérale 1. The bottom two clubs of the Top 14 and the top two of Fédérale 1 then enter the Rugby Pro D2 for the next season. There are 30 rounds in the regular season, with each team playing each other team home and away. The two halves of the season are played in the same order, with the away team in the first half of the season at home in the second half. The semi-finals and final take place in May, with the second- and third-place teams hosting the semi-finals and the final taking place at a predetermined site. At present, 16 clubs compete in the competition.
All promotions are contingent on passing a postseason financial audit required for all clubs. Also, if a club above the bottom two places fails the audit, it may be relegated in the place of a club that would otherwise have been relegated.
Current teams.
2013–14 season
Changes in the lineup from 2012–13 were:

</doc>
<doc id="5992164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992164" title="Humanzi (band)">
Humanzi (band)

Humanzi are an Irish rock band based in Dublin, Ireland.
Album & singles.
Humanzi released their debut album ‘Tremors’ on Fiction/SFR July 24, 2006. It features the singles ‘Fix The Cracks’ and ‘Diet Pills and Magazines'. ‘Tremors’ was produced by Chris Vrenna (Nine Inch Nails) and Garreth Mannix.
The band will be releasing their single 'Bass Balls' from their second album in summer 2009.
Humanzi's second album 'Kingdom of Ghosts' out 26 February 2010. Recorded in East Berlin by Rob Kirwan in Funk Haus.
Recent appearances.
Festivals.
Over the last two years Humanzi have opened for and toured with bands including the Foo Fighters, The Strokes, The Pixies, Eagles of Death Metal, the New York Dolls, Dirty Pretty Things, Peaches, and White Rose Movement. Humanzi headlined the New Band Stage on the Sunday night of the Oxegen festival in July 2006, made appearances at Reading and Leeds Festivals, The Wireless Festival, CMJ and were invited to play in New York for "Fader Magazine" and more recently at the Eurosonic Festival in Groningen, the Netherlands.
Video games.
The song "Fix The Cracks" was featured on the Atari video game Test Drive Unlimited, released in 2006.
TV.
TV appearances have included slots on renowned Irish music show "Other Voices" and "The Late Late Show" as well as T4 and MTV2's Gonzo.
2007.
Having won a Meteor award in 2006 for "Best New Act", Humanzi were nominated in 2007 for "Best Irish Band". 2007 will see the band spend time in Berlin to record their second album.

</doc>
<doc id="5992170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992170" title="United States Homeland Security Council">
United States Homeland Security Council

The Homeland Security Council (HSC) is an entity within the Executive Office of the President of the United States tasked with advising the President on matters relating to Homeland Security. The current Homeland Security Advisor is Lisa Monaco who holds the rank of Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism.
History.
The Homeland Security Council (HSC) is an entity within the White House Office and was created by on October 29, 2001, and subsequently expanded on by Homeland Security Presidential Directive 1. It served as the successor to the Office of Homeland Security, established on September 20, 2001, immediately after the September 11 attacks. Congress subsequently codified the HSC in the Homeland Security Act of 2002, charging it with advising the President on homeland security matters.
On February 23, 2009, the Obama administration released Presidential Study Directive 1. This memorandum ordered a 60-day inter-agency review of the White House homeland security and counter-terrorism structure. The review recommended that the president merge the staff supporting the Homeland Security Council with the staff supporting the National Security Council. That recommendation was implemented to create a single National Security Staff. On May 26, 2009, Barack Obama signed the recommendation to merge the Homeland Security Council and National Security Council staffs into one National Security Staff (NSS). Policymakers and observers have debated whether the HSC staff should remain an independent entity within the White House or merged with the NSC staff. The HSC and NSC continue to exist by statute as independent councils of leadership advising the president.
Mission.
The Homeland Security Council is responsible for assessing the objectives, commitments, and risks of the United States, and for making recommendations to the president with respect to homeland security policy.
Structure.
The HSC was similar to its national security counterpart, the National Security Council (NSC), which was established in the National Security Act of 1947. The HSC also maintained structural similarities with the NSC; the HSC consisted of full-time staff organized by subject areas relating to homeland security missions, with the Council itself being composed of Cabinet members and senior White House officials whose departments have principal interests in homeland security policy-making. The Joint Chiefs of Staff consist of the primary military advisers to the Homeland Security Council, as well as the National Security Council. Due to the recommendations implemented by Obama, the Homeland Security Council and the National Security Council now have combined staff, the National Security Staff (NSS). 
While similar in name, the Department of Homeland Security is a distinct federal executive department; unlike DHS, the HSC functioned as part of the Executive Office of the President, drawing staff from across federal agencies and under the direct control of the president.

</doc>
<doc id="5992196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992196" title="São Bartolomeu de Messines">
São Bartolomeu de Messines

São Bartolomeu de Messines is a Portuguese Parish in the Municipality (Concelho) of Silves. It has an area of 246.41 km² and a population of 8,491 with a population density of 34.5 hab/km².

</doc>
<doc id="5992204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992204" title="Therapeutic window">
Therapeutic window

The Therapeutic window (or pharmaceutical window) of a drug is the range of drug dosages which can treat disease effectively while staying within the safety range. In other words, it is the dosages of a medication between the amount that gives an effect (effective dose) and the amount that gives more adverse effects than desired effects. Medication with a small pharmaceutical window must be administered with care and control, frequently measuring blood concentration of the drug, since it easily gives adverse effects, including irreversible damage.

</doc>
<doc id="5992206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992206" title="The Cotton Club">
The Cotton Club

The Cotton Club may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992213" title="Damascus Protocol">
Damascus Protocol

The Damascus Protocol was a document given to Faisal bin Hussein by the Arab secret societies al-Fatat and Al-'Ahd on his second visit to Damascus during a mission to consult Turkish officials in Constantinople (1914). The secret societies declared they would support Faisal's father Hussein bin Ali's revolt against the Ottoman Empire, if the demands in the protocol were submitted to the British. These demands, defining the territory of an independent Arab state to be established in the Middle East that would encompass all of the lands of western Asia, then became the basis of the conversation in the Hussein-McMahon Correspondence.
Background.
The Text.
As cited by R, John and S. Hadawi's, Palestine Diary, pp. 30–31, the 'Damascus Protocol' stated:"The recognition by Great Britain of the independence of the Arab countries lying within the following frontiers: North: The Line Mersin_Adana to parallel 37N. and thence along the line Birejek-Urga-Mardin-Kidiat-Jazirat (Ibn 'Unear)-Amadia to the Persian frontier; East: The Persian frontier down to the Persian Gulf; South: The Indian Ocean (with the exclusion of Aden, whose status was to be maintained). West: The Red Sea and the Mediterranean Sea back to Mersin. The abolition of all exceptional privileges granted to foreigners under the capitulations. The conclusion of a defensive alliance between Great Britain and the future independent Arab State. The grant of economic preference to Great Britain.".
Negotiations with Kitchener.
On 5 February 1914 the Sharif's son Abdullah met Herbert Kitchener, British Governor General of Egypt and the Sudan, in Cairo and asked him whether Hussein could rely on British support in the event of Turkish moves against the Hejaz. At this point Kitchener could offer no encouragement, but two months later Abdullah met with Kitchener's Oriental Secretary, Sir Ronald Storrs, and was given the assurance that Great Britain would guarantee the status quo in Arabia against "wanton Turkish aggression".
British reluctance to oppose the Turks evaporated following the onset of war in August 1914. Kitchener, now Secretary of State for War, sent a message to Abdullah asking whether the Arabs would support Great Britain if Turkey joined the war on the side of Germany. Abdullah responded that the Sharif would support Britain in return for British support against the Turks.
By the time of Kitchener's reply in October the Turks had joined the Germans,
Kitchener now stated that if the Amir and the 'Arab Nation' supported Britain in the war, the British would recognise and support the independence of the Amirate and of the Arabs and, further, would guarantee Arabia against external aggression. And then Kitchener gratuitously and on his own authority added a phrase that would generate controversy in London and the Middle East for years to come. 'It may be,' he concluded, 'that an Arab of the true race will assume the Caliphate at Mecca or Medina and so good may come by the help of God out of all the evil that is now occurring'. 
In his reply Hussein did not mention the Caliphate but said that he could not immediately break with the Turks because of his position in Islam.
The Turks declare "Jihad".
On 11 November 1914 the Turks declared a "jihad" against the "Entente" (Allies of World War I) and urged the Arab leader Husayn bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca, to support the call and to contribute troops to their forces.
Shortly after this declaration Hussein was approached by a representative of the Arab secret societies al-Fatat and Al-'Ahd who came to Mecca in January 1915 with the aim of persuading the Sharif to become leader of a revolt against the Ottomans. At the same time Hussein's eldest son Ali bin Hussein uncovered a Turkish plot to depose the Sharif in favour of Ali Haidar, head of the dispossessed Motallib branch of the Sharifian family. Hussein ordered his son Faisal to confront the Grand Vizier in Constantinople with evidence of the plot, but also to stop in Damascus to explore the viability of a revolt with the leaders of the secret socieities, which he did on 26 March 1915. After a month of talks Faisal was unconvinced of the strength of the Arab movement and concluded that a revolt would not succeed without the assistance of one of the Great Powers. On reaching Constantinople in April and receiving the news that an Arab declaration of "jihad" was viewed as essential by the Turks Faisal became equally concerned about his family's position in the Hejaz.
On his return journey Faisal visited Damascus to resume talks with al-Fatat and Al-'Ahd and joined their revolutionary movement. It was during this visit that Faisal was presented with the document that became known as the 'Damascus Protocol'. The document declared that the Arabs would revolt in alliance with Great Britain in return for recognition of Arab independence in an area running from the 37th parallel north on the southern border of Turkey, bounded in the east by Persia and the Persian Gulf, in the west by the Mediterranean Sea and in the south by the Arabian Sea.
Meeting at Ta'if.
Following deliberations at Ta'if between Hussein and his sons in June 1915, during which Faisal counselled caution, Ali argued against rebellion and Abdullah advocated action, the Sharif set a tentative date for armed revolt for June 1916 and commenced negotiations with the British High Commissioner in Egypt, Sir Henry McMahon via the Hussein-McMahon Correspondence.

</doc>
<doc id="5992219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992219" title="Edgewood Independent School District">
Edgewood Independent School District

Edgewood Independent School District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992221" title="List of mashup songs">
List of mashup songs

This article lists songs of the A vs B "mash-up" genre that are commercially available (as opposed to amateur bootlegs and remixes). As a rule, they combine the vocals of the first "component" song with the instrumental (plus additional vocals, on occasion) from the second. The commercially available version of the mash-ups that do not use the original performers vocals have been noted. Additionally the songs marked with an asterisk (*) were released using only the first song's name. Also noted is the inclusion of any other element.

</doc>
<doc id="5992222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992222" title="Papakonstantinou">
Papakonstantinou

Papakonstantinou () is a Greek surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992236" title="Arab Satellite Communications Organization">
Arab Satellite Communications Organization

The Arab Satellite Communications Organization (often abbreviated as Arabsat) is a leading communications satellite operator in the Arab World, headquartered in the city of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. 
Arabsat was created to deliver satellite-based, public and private telecommunications services to the Arab States, in accordance with International Standards. With more than 20 member countries, the organization plays a vital role of enhancing communications in the Arab World.
The Arabsat satellites are a series of geostationary communications satellites launched from 1985 through 2011. Some of the later satellites in the series remain operational in orbit, while others have been retired and are derelict.
History.
The foundation of Arab Satellite Communications Organization (Arabsat) dates back to the end of the 1960s. In 1967, information ministers of Arab states developed a series of principles in relation to a satellite network. The goal of this network was to create an integration among the countries of the Arab League in terms of the social and cultural activities. On the other hand, the Arab States Broadcasting Union (ASBU) was established in 1969. Saudi Arabia did not join this Egypt-led and Cairo-based union until 1974, most probably due to the tense relationship between Saudi Arabia and Egypt at the time.
On April 14, 1976, Arabsat was formed under Arab League jurisdiction with the goal of serving the information, cultural and educational needs of its member states. Saudi Arabia was the main financier of the new organization due to its expanded financial resources as a result of oil-boom period and Riyadh housed Arabsat's headquarters.
The first launch Arabsat-1A was performed by a French Ariane rocket. The U.S. space shuttle "Discovery" launched Arabsat's second satellite, Arabsat-1B, in 1985. Arabsat-1A and -1B were switched off in 1992 and 1993, respectively.
Shareholders.
All Arab League states except for Comoros are shareholders of Arabsat:
Saudi Arabia 36.7%
Kuwait 14.6%
Libya 11.3%
Qatar 9.8%
United Arab Emirates 4.7%
Jordan 4%
Lebanon 3.8%
Bahrain 2.5%
Syria 2.1%
Iraq 1.9%
Algeria 1.7%
Yemen 1.7%
Egypt 1.6%
Oman 1.2%
Tunisia 0.7%
Morocco 0.6%
Sudan 0.3%
Mauritania 0.3%
Palestinian Authority 0.2%
Somalia 0.2%
Djibouti 0.1%
Satellites.
Arabsat-1.
Arabsat-1 was the model designator for a series of first-generation satellites built by an international team led by Aérospatiale of France. It is a satellite with three-axis stabilized Spacebus 100 spacecraft with two deployable solar array wings, making it almost 68 ft (20.7 m) long and over 18 ft (5.5 m) wide when deployed in orbit. It weighs about 2,800 lb (1,270 kg) in its initial orbit, but some 1,490 lb (675 kg) of this is propellant. It has an onboard low-thrust motor that utilizes hydrazine and nitrogen tetroxide, and transfers from an initial elliptical to geosynchronous orbit by firing this motor. The remaining propellant is then used for station-keeping or moving over the life of the satellite.
Arabsat-1A, the first Arabsat satellite, was launched by Ariane on 8 February 1985. Shortly after launch it suffered a solar panel extension malfunction. Coupled with other failures, the satellite was soon relegated to backup status until it was abandoned completely in late 1991.
Arabsat-1B, the second flight model, was deployed on June 1985, from the Space Shuttle "Discovery" on mission STS-51-G, and placed into service near 26° East, and remained in operation until the summer of 1992.
Arabsat-1C the third satellite of the series, was launched by Ariane on 26 February 1992. As a stop-gap measure to maintain network services until the Arabsat second generation spacecraft became available.
Arabsat-1D was renamed from the Anik-D2 (a Hughes HS-376 bus originally carrying 24 active C-band transponders).
Arabsat-2.
By the end of 1994, the Arabsat system had been reduced to only one operational satellite. A contract for two Arabsat second-generation satellites was signed with Aérospatiale in April 1993, to build several additional commsats based on the Spacebus 3000A platform.
Arabsat-2A, was launched on 9 july 1996.
Arabsat-2B, was launched on 13 november 1996.
'"Arabsat-2C was leased from PAS-5 in may 2002 and moved from the Western Hemisphere during November 2002 to a position at 26° E.
"'Arabsat-2D was leased from Hotbird 5 and moved from the position 13° E during November 2002 to a position at 26° E.
Arabsat-3.
On November 7, 1996 a contract was signed with Aérospatiale for the manufacturing of the first of the third-generation satellites, to be based on a Spacebus 3000B2 platform.
BADR-3 (technically: Arabsat-3A) was launched as the first satellite of the third generation.
Arabsat-4.
On 22 October 2003, Arabsat held a contract signing ceremony for the manufacture and launch of the fourth generation of Arabsat satellites, based on the Astrium's Eurostar E2000+ platform and Alcatel Space payload. The first of these, Arabsat-4A, was lost in space due to a launcher failure. This led to the ordering of BADR-6 (technically: Arabsat-4AR) on 31 May 2006. The second fourth generation satellite, named BADR-4 (technically: Arabsat-4B), was launched on 8 November 2006. BADR-6 was launched 2008-07-07 on an Ariane 5 to replace the lost Arabsat-4A.
Arabsat-5.
On 16 June 2007, Arabsat held a contract-signing ceremony for the manufacture and launch of the fifth generation of Arabsat satellites, based on the Astrium's Eurostar E3000 platform and Thales Alenia Space payloads :
Fleet.
In orbit
Upcoming

</doc>
<doc id="5992240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992240" title="Stephanie Reaves">
Stephanie Reaves

Stephanie Reaves (born February 24, 1967, Maine) is an American professional race driver. She was the first woman in history to earn a professional motorcycle drag racing license, qualify at a NHRA national event and also became the first ever woman factory race driver for General Motors. Reaves competed in the Pikes Peak International race in 2000 and finished in third place. She has broken several world records in various racing venues. Reaves also appears as "Norma Bates" in the infamous shower scene, of Gus Van Sant's 1998 remake of Alfred Hitchcock's thriller, "Psycho.

</doc>
<doc id="5992242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992242" title="Andreas Schlütter">
Andreas Schlütter

Andreas Schlütter (born August 17, 1972) is a German cross-country skier who has been competing since 1993. He won 2 medals in the 4 × 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a silver in 2006 and a bronze in 2002. Schlütter's best individual Olympic finish was fourth in the 50 km event in 2002.
Schlütter also has three 4 × 10 km relay medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, earning two silvers (2003, 2005) and one bronze (2001). His best individual finishes at the World Championships were in 2003 with fifth-place finishes in the 15 km and 30 km events.
Schlütter has six skiing victories as of the 2005-6 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5992253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992253" title="Mats Jonsson">
Mats Jonsson

Mats Jonsson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5992254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992254" title="Jamey Haddad">
Jamey Haddad

Jamey George Haddad (born Cleveland, Ohio, United States, 1952) is an American percussionist working primarily in the fields of jazz and world music, and specializing in hand drums.
Biography.
Haddad is of Lebanese ancestry. From the age of four, he began playing Lebanese percussion instruments, such as the goblet drum . He later studied music at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. He lived in New York City for over 20 years but in 2002 Jamey, daughter Georgia James Haddad and his wife Mary Kay Gray (associate dean of admissions at the Juilliard school of music) relocated to Shaker Heights, Ohio|. He currently teaches at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and Mary Kay Gray is the Dean of Student Academic Affairs at Oberlin Conservatory. Haddad is also the Artistic Director of the Friday's@7 series at Cleveland's Severance Hall. This series features the Cleveland Orchestra and a secondary performance that feature many top shelf folks artists from around the world.
Music career.
Haddad studied Carnatic music with Ramnad Raghavan for five years, then received a Fulbright Fellowship, which allowed him to study Indian drums, including the kanjira, in South India for one more year. Haddad is the 2010 recipient of the Cleveland arts prize. He has also received four National Endowment for the Arts fellowships to pursue jazz and international studies and collaborations. Haddad performed with Paul Simon when Paul was the first recipient in 2007 of a new prestigious award: the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song.
Haddad has collaborated and performed with Paul Simon since 1998. Others he has worked with include the Paul Winter Consort, Dave Liebman, Joe Lovano, Alan Farnham, Carly Simon, Betty Buckley, Rabih Abou-Khalil, Simon Shaheen, Marbin, Trichy Sankaran, Osvaldo Golijov, Nguyên Lê, Badi Assad, Steve Shehan, Esperanza Spalding, Elliot Goldenthal, Sergio and Odair Assad, Daniel Schnyder, Nancy Wilson, The Wayfaring Strangers, Steve Gadd and Laszlo Gardony. He appears on more than 150 recordings.
Haddad had been a professor at the Berklee College of Music 1992 to 2010 Since 2011 Haddad is a Full professor of performance and improvisation of percussion at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music. He was appointed a faculty member at the Cleveland Institute of Music in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5992256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992256" title="Edgewood Independent School District (Bexar County, Texas)">
Edgewood Independent School District (Bexar County, Texas)

Edgewood Independent School District is a public school district based in San Antonio, in Bexar County, Texas (USA).
The Edgewood district is most notable as the original plaintiff in a Texas court case which led to the infamous "Robin Hood" school finance plan (which was itself later ruled unconstitutional).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
High Schools (Grades 9-12).
Mascot: Minuteman; 
Colors: Red and Blue
Mascot: Rocket; 
Colors: Green, Silver, and Black
Middle Schools (Grades 6-8).
Brentwood Middle School is a 6-8 public school located in the Thompson Field area of San Antonio, TX. The school was opened in 1965 adjacent to Kennedy High School. The school's mascot is the Viking and its colors are black and gold.
Harry S. Truman Middle is a 6-8 public school. This school is adjacent to Memorial High School. The school's mascot is the Eagle and its colors are blue and white.
Wrenn middle school's mascot is the mighty hornet and its colors are green and black
Elementary Schools (Grades PK-5).
Hoelscher Elementary opened in 1961 in the Thompson Field area of San Antonio, TX, adjacent to Brentwood Middle School. At the time of the school's closure it was a K-5 facility. The school closed in the spring of 2005 due to high maintenance costs and declining enrollment in Edgewood. The school's mascot was the Little Rockets and its colors were green and white.
Winston Elementary is a K-5 school located in the Thompson Field area of San Antonio, TX. The school opened in 1952 at what was then the southern tip of Edgewood right at the entrance to what was then Kelly Air Force Base. Due to the school's proximity to housing facilities for airmen stationed at Lackland Air Force Base the school enrolls a higher percentage of children from military families than other Edgewood schools. Gloria Estefan attended the school in 1963-64. All of the school's students feed into Brentwood Middle School. The school's mascot is the Eagle and its colors are cyan and yellow.
EDGE NEWS.
Edge News.
Edge News (formally "Edgewood On The Air") is the Edgewood Independent School District Local TV show which is broadcast on Time Warner Cable Ch. 98 On Saturdays and Sundays @ 4:30PM. The show started in the Fall of 2006. The show is taped monthly at the Edgewood Fine Arts Academy Studio and is under the direction of Edgewood Public Relations Director Mr. Mario Rios.

</doc>
<doc id="5992259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992259" title="Léider Preciado">
Léider Preciado

Léider Calimenio Preciado Guerrero (born 26 February 1977 in Tumaco) is a Colombian football striker, who currently plays for Independiente Santa Fe. He has played for Independiente Santa Fe, Once Caldas, Racing Santander (Spain), CD Toledo (Spain), Deportivo Cali and Al Shabab (Saudi Arabia). 
He played for one of the most popular clubs from Ecuador, Sociedad Deportivo Quito. He was part of their 2008 championship team.
He plays for the Colombia national football team and was a participant in the 1998 FIFA World Cup, where he scored one goal against the Tunisia national football team. Preciado is already one of the most important Colombian strikers; he has scored 108 goals for Independiente Santa Fe, 3 of them at the Copa libertadores de América in 2006, and more than 160 goals in his entire career. 
On April 26, 2008, Preciado became one of the 3 leading scorers, besides Miguel Ángel Converti and Alfredo Castillo, in the history of the Bogota Derby (Independiente Santa Fe vs Club Deportivo Los Millonarios), after scoring in Santa Fe's 2-0 victory over Millonarios. Preciado has 15 goals in this Derby, all of them with Santa Fe.

</doc>
<doc id="5992270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992270" title="Mire (disambiguation)">
Mire (disambiguation)

A mire is a kind of wetland.
Mire may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992280" title="São Marcos da Serra">
São Marcos da Serra

São Marcos da Serra is a civil parish in the municipality ("concelho") of Silves, in the Portuguese Algarve. In 2001 its population was about 1535 inhabitants, in an area of approximately .
History.
São Marcos takes its name from Saint Mark, the Evangelist.
Since 1999, several apparitions of the Virgin Mary as Our Lady Mother of Goodness ("Nossa Senhora da Bondade") occurred near São Marcos da Serra, resulting in some worldwide notoriety, in particular by the Catholic youth and priests. Although these events resulted in pilgrimages by some faithful to the northern Algarve, the Holy See have never officially recognized these apparitions.
Geography.
The parish seat of São Marco is north-northeast of the centre of Silves and is south-southeast of Lisbon. Located between the junction between the Serra do Caldeirão and the Serra de Monchique mountain ridges, the parish is intersected by the Riberia de Odelouca, which bisects the main village, also known as the Ribeira de São Marcos. The Odelouca receives water from two tributary streams: the Ribeira de Azilheire and Ribeira de Besteiros.
A typical mountain community, the buildings are spread over the slopes of the mountain valleys, resulting in steep roadways. At the highest point of the village is the parish church, located in the main square, whose western extent is also used as a market. A landscaped space, the square is bordered by the church, across from the health center, while a statue of Doctor Antonio Bernardino Ramos is located at its centre. On the heights along the rail-line, are the urban developments of "Poleirão" and "Montezinhos", consisting of the typical whitewashed buildings, in addition to several cafés and a restaurant.
The parish seat is located west of the IC1 roadway that links the Algarve to Lisbon, through Santana da Serra and Ourique. In addition, there is a direct link to Silves, while the municipal road 541 connects São Marcos to Alferce by way of Nave Redonda. Until recently rail service supported the bus services in the morning and afternoon between São Marcos and São Bartolomeu de Messines, but were discontinued in the early 21st century.
Economy.
São Marcos da Serra is a main supplier of Cork, as well as a producer of grain cereals, including wheat, barley and oats, at one time supported by several traditional windmills that dotted the parish. Beekeeping is common in the hills surrounding the parish, resulting in an itinerant economy in wax and honey collected from local beehives. While a subsistence supply of fruits and vegetables continue to be produced in the district, the cultivation peaches (rare for this area) have been discontinued.
The foothills of the parish are also favored by local hunters.
Industrial and secondary industries are primarily involved in supporting agricultural extraction, but also include the production of the arbutus brandy, "Comel", a spirit distilled locally. São Marcos da Serra also supports a nascent music recording technology, known as Dynamic Convolution, developed by Sintefex Audio Lda., resulting in the award-winning music recording products.

</doc>
<doc id="5992289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992289" title="Morien">
Morien

Morien or Moriaen is a 13th-century Arthurian romance in Middle Dutch. A 4,720-line version is preserved in the vast "Lancelot-Compilatie", and a short fragment exists at the Royal Library at Brussels. The work tells the story of Morien, the Moorish son of Aglovale, one of King Arthur's Knights of the Round Table.
Plot.
The romance begins with the story of Morien's conception. While searching for Lancelot thirteen years prior, Aglovale had traveled through the Moorish lands and fallen in love with a beautiful princess. They pledged their betrothal, but refusing to abandon his quest before Lancelot was located, Aglovale left the country before they could marry. He left her pregnant with his son Morien, who would grow into a tall, handsome youth "black of face and limb." Of his prowess, the romance says that Sir Morien's "blows were so mighty; did a spear fly towards him, to harm him, it troubled him no whit, but he smote it in twain as if it were a reed; naught might endure before him." Of his dress, it says that "is shield and his armour were even those of a Moor, and black as a raven."
The narrative proper begins years later, as Morien seeks his father, he and his mother having been disinherited from their lands. The action takes place just prior to the quest for the Holy Grail, and the knights Lancelot and Gawain are out searching for Percival, a new knight and the brother of Aglovale. After Morien tells his story to Lancelot and Gawain, who promise to help him find his father, the knights go on a series of adventures showcasing their talents. In the end father and son are reunited, and Aglovale travels to the land of the Moors to marry his lover and win back her rightful lands.
The author tries to synchronize the romance with episodes from Chrétien de Troyes's "Perceval, the Story of the Grail" and the Lancelot-Grail. He or she notes at the beginning that some versions of the story have Percival himself as Morien's father, but decides to follow convention that Percival died a virgin. The circumstances of Sir Morien's birth are similar to Gahmuret and Belacane's conception of Feirefiz in Wolfram von Eschenbach's "Parzival"; like the "Lancelot-Compilatie", "Parzival" is also based on an earlier version of the Grail story. In this case, Gahmuret is Parzival's father, making the half-Saracen Fierefiz the Grail knight's brother rather than his nephew or son.

</doc>
<doc id="5992311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992311" title="Texas State Highway 115">
Texas State Highway 115

State Highway 115 or SH 115 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Interstate 20 in Pyote to SH 349 at Patricia.
Route description.
SH 115 begins at an intersection with Interstate 20 and Farm to Market Road 1927 in Pyote. The route travels north along the eastern edge of town and through Far West Texas oil fields before reaching Wink. The route then turns northeast, next reaching Kermit. The route travels through downtown Kermit, passing the Winkler County Courthouse. The route continues to the northeast, crossing oil fields of Winkler and Andrews Counties, before reaching Andrews. The route travels through Andrews, intersecting U.S. Route 385. The route continues northeast, crossing through the intersection of Andrews, Gaines, Martin, and Dawson Counties before reaching its terminus at SH 349 at the unincorporated community of Patricia, Texas.
History.
SH 115 was originally proposed by 1928 as a route from north of Amarillo to Stratford into Oklahoma. By 1933, this route became an extension of SH 9. SH 115 was redesignated as a short route between Pyote and Wink. The route was extended to its current length in 1990, replacing Farm to Market Road 703.
FM 703 was originally designated in 1946 from Kermit to the Andrews County Line. In 1948, FM 703 extended northeast to the Dawson/Gaines/Martin County Line. Later that year, FM 703 extended to Patricia, completing its routing before 1990. In 1990, FM 703 was transferred to SH 115.

</doc>
<doc id="5992331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992331" title="Honduran Air Force">
Honduran Air Force

The Honduras Air Force (Spanish: "Fuerza Aérea Hondureña", sometimes abbreviated to FAH in English) is the air force of Honduras. As such it is the air power arm of the Honduras Armed Forces.
History.
The first Honduras military flying took place on 18 April 1921 in a Bristol F.2b Fighter biplane flown by an American contracted pilot, while in 1923 the first government flying school was founded with the assistance of Italian investors. The forerunner of the modern air force, the "Escuela Nacional de Aviación", or National Aviation School, came into being on 14 April 1931; and in 1938, it was renamed the "Escuela Militar de Aviación y Fuerza Aérea Hondureña" or Military Aviation School and Honduras Air Force when its first combat aircraft were acquired. During World War II it fought against the Axis powers, between 1942 and 1944 performing anti-submarine patrols along its Caribbean coastline.
After the war the HAF re-equipped with aircraft from United States Army Air Forces and Royal Canadian Air Force stocks including five Lockheed P-38 Lightnings and five Bell Bell P-63 Kingcobras which were its first high performance fighters. Honduras ratified the Inter-American Treaty of Reciprocal Assistance in 1947, and within the next 10 years the United States supplied new aircraft including 19 Vought F4U Corsair fighter bombers; several Douglas C-47 Skytrain transports; and six North American AT-6C armed- and six T-6G advanced trainers.
In 1969 Honduras fought the so-called Football War with El Salvador. The HAF managed to successfully bomb the Salvadorean fuel supplies at Acajutla and Cutuco and fight the enemy's air force out of the sky. Later, it provided close air support to the Honduras Army. After the cease fire, both countries tried unsuccessfully to acquire their first jets to replace their old propeller-driven aircraft. However, the political climate eventually changed and by the mid-1970s the HAF re-equipped with 10 old ex-Yugoslav Canadair CL-13 Mk.4 Sabre, 16 ex-Israeli Dassault Super Mystère B2 and six new Cessna A-37B Dragonfly Counter-insurgency jets; plus several Bell UH-1B and UH-1H Huey Iroquois assault helicopters. The HAF was also reorganized, several new air bases were created and its name changed to "Fuerza Aérea Hondureña" only. These airplanes were used during the 1980s confrontation with the Sandinista government of Nicaragua.
Later that decade, these were augmented or replaced with 11 ex-USAF OA/A-37B Dragonflies, 12 ex-USAF Northrop F-5E/F Tiger II interceptors, 12 new Embraer T-27 Tucano armed trainers and four new CASA 101BB-02 attack airplanes; and supported with five ex-USAF Lockheed C-130A Hercules transports; and five armed MD500D and 10 new Bell 412SP utility helicopters; which are all in use to this day.
Bases.
The FAH operates from 4 air bases at Tegucigalpa, Comayagua, San Pedro Sula, and La Ceiba. Additionally, 3 air stations located at Catacamas, Alto Aguán (bomb range) and Puerto Lempira airstrips serve as forward operations locations-FOL. Also a radar station operates at La Mole peak. With the exception of Soto Cano Air Base, all other bases operates as dual civil and military aviation facilities.
Aircraft inventory.
As of May 30, 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="5992353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992353" title="René Sommerfeldt">
René Sommerfeldt

René Sommerfeldt (born October 2, 1974 in Zittau) is a German cross-country skier who competed from 1994 to 2010. He won 2 medals in the 4 x 10 km relays at the Winter Olympics with a silver in 2006 and a bronze in 2002. Sommerfeldt's best individual Olympic finish was 12th in the 15 km event in 2006.
Sommerfeldt also has three medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, earning two silvers (50 km: 2001, 4 x 10 km: 2003) and one bronze (4 x 10 km: 2001).
He also won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 2004, becoming the second German to win this prestigious honor (the first was Gerhard Grimmer in 1970/71).
Sommerfeldt will become a coach in cross country skiing for the German team.

</doc>
<doc id="5992355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992355" title="Omutninsk">
Omutninsk

Omutninsk () is a town and the administrative center of Omutninsky District in Kirov Oblast, Russia. Population: 
History.
It was first mentioned in 1773; town status was granted to it in 1921.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Omutninsk serves as the administrative center of Omutninsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with four rural localities, incorporated within Omutninsky District as the Town of Omutninsk. As a municipal division, the Town of Omutninsk is incorporated within Omutninsky Municipal District as Omutninskoye Urban Settlement.
Research.
The Institute of Applied Biochemistry is situated near Omutninsk. According to Dr. Ken Alibek, a biological warfare expert, it was (and possibly still is) a combined pesticide production facility and reserve biological weapons production plant that could be activated in time of war.

</doc>
<doc id="5992365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992365" title="Edwin Stanton McCook">
Edwin Stanton McCook

Edwin Stanton McCook (March 26, 1837 – September 11, 1873) was a Union Army general during the American Civil War and a postbellum politician in the Dakota Territory. He was assassinated in office while serving as acting governor.
Biography.
One of a famous family of Civil War officers, the "Fighting McCooks," he was born in Carrollton, Ohio, a son of Daniel McCook. He was educated at the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, and was a member of the Naval Lodge #69 of the Freemasons in New York City.
When the Civil War erupted, McCook recruited a company and joined the 31st Illinois Infantry, serving under his friend, Col. John A. Logan. He saw action in the battles of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson, where he was severely wounded. He was later assigned to command Logan's brigade when the latter assumed division command. By the Vicksburg Campaign, McCook had again been promoted to replace Logan as division commander, leading it during the Siege of Vicksburg under Ulysses S. Grant. In 1864, he served with distinction in the Chattanooga and Atlanta campaigns and in the March to the Sea under William T. Sherman. He was brevetted both brigadier and major general for his services in these campaigns to rank from March 13, 1865. He was severely wounded three separate times, but survived the war.
After the war, he moved out west and was named as Secretary of the Dakota Territory in 1872. The following year, McCook was shot and killed by Peter P. Wintermute, a banker and political adversary, at a public meeting being held in a saloon in Yankton, Dakota Territory. Wintermute was upset with McCook's stance in the Dakota Southern Railroad dispute.
McCook was buried in Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati, Ohio, along with several other members of the famed family. His grave can be located in Section 10, Lot 1.
Honors.
McCook County, South Dakota, is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5992383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992383" title="Aunque me Cueste la Vida">
Aunque me Cueste la Vida

Aunque me Cueste la Vida ("Though It Might Cost Me My Life") is a 1998 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by José Simón Escalona, Salvador Garmendia, and Martin Hahn and directed by Olegario Barrera. This telenovela runs 126 episodes and is distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Synopsis.
On the day of the Festival Of The Moon, a gypsy predicts that the soulful heiress Teresa Larrazabal will meet three men. The mystical ”spell of the stardust” will unmask one who will help her, one who will destroy her and one who will be the love of her life. But the spell undergoes a sinister twist at the hands of the embittered Belgica Michelena. She casts a terrible sentence on the innocence of true love, hurling Teresa toward an unwilling fate as her pawn in a mysterious game of seduction, sorcery and revenge. 
Belgica unites a powerful hatred for Teresa’s father Teofilo, the lover who spurned her, with the power of the gypsy’s incantation. But her plan to use sons, Vicente and Pedro Armando, as instruments of her vengeance goes awry when Vicente falls in love with Teresa, challenging both his mother and the supernatural forces that oppose them. It is decreed that Vicente will die if Teresa surrenders to his love. Defiant in their quest to resist Belgica’s depravity, Teresa and Vicente join hands and hearts to undo the evil of the prophecy. 
As they weave their way through the darkness of the Magic Forest, the full moon’s piercing rays illuminate their paths, helping them to discover the secret that will free them. In their journey to vanquish destiny’s wicked intentions, they affirm that true love weaves the most powerful spell of all.

</doc>
<doc id="5992402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992402" title="Charles Goddard Weld">
Charles Goddard Weld

Charles Goddard Weld (1857–1911), was a Boston-area physician, sailor, philanthropist, and art lover. Weld, a resident of Brookline, Massachusetts and a scion of the Welds of that area, practiced surgery for many years, but ultimately gave it up to manage his family's fortune. He made major contributions to two museums in Greater Boston:
Museum of Fine Arts Contributions.
Weld is well known for his purchase and donation of the collection of Ernest Fenollosa for the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. The museum is now home to one of the finest and largest collections of Japanese art outside Japan, numbering over 100,000 objects.
In 1886, Weld attempted to sail around the world in his personal yacht. However, while moored in Yokohama, the yacht caught fire and was destroyed. As a result, Weld spent an extended amount of time with his Bostonian friends William Sturgis Bigelow and Ernest Fenollosa. The pair had already been in Japan for some time themselves, exploring the country and collecting art.
The Fenollosa-Weld Collection contains many of the most famous pieces in the Museum of Fine Arts' collection. Among them is a handscroll painting ("emaki") depicting the 1159 Night Attack on the Sanjō Palace. Others are famous pieces by Sesshū, Kanō Eitoku, and Kanō Hōgai.
While Fenollosa and Bigelow developed very widespread and inclusive tastes in art during their time in Japan, Weld's interests remained somewhat narrowly focused. His primary interests in life were sport, boating, and martial activities such as archery. As a result, he became one of the first Americans to collect Japanese swords, spears, and other martial implements as art. In addition to full swords, Weld purchased many sword ornaments, handguards ("tsuba"), and other sword fittings such as "kozuka", tiny blades tied to a swordhilt and used by the samurai for basic utilitarian tasks.
In 1911, the collections of Ernest Fenollosa and Charles G. Weld, much of it already physically in the Museum of Fine Arts, on loan indefinitely, became the property of the Museum, as the Fenollosa-Weld Collection.
Peabody Essex Museum Contributions.
Weld also made major contributions to the Peabody Essex Museum. Included among these are 110 photographs that premier American photographer Edward S. Curtis made for his 1905-1906 exhibit. Clark Worswick, curator of photography for the museum, describes them as:
"...Curtis' most carefully selected prints of what was then his life’s work...certainly these are some of the most glorious prints ever made in the history of the photographic medium. The fact that we have this man’s entire show of 1906 is one of the minor miracles of photography and museology."
The 14" by 17" prints are each unique and remain in pristine condition. 

</doc>
<doc id="5992427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992427" title="Fred Epstein">
Fred Epstein

Fred J. Epstein, MD (July 26, 1937 – July 9, 2006) was an internationally renowned pediatric neurosurgeon credited for the development of pioneering neurosurgical techniques to treat children threatened by brain and spinal-cord tumors. 
His surgical techniques and commitment to patient care saved thousands of children's lives and earned him a reputation as one of the world's leading pediatric neurosurgeons.
Education.
Born in Yonkers, New York, he graduated from New York University and New York Medical College. He did his internship and surgical residency at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx and his neurosurgical residency at New York University-Bellevue Medical Center, while serving in the Army reserves, under the tutelage of Joseph Ransohoff.
Career.
In 1983, he was named professor of neurosurgery at New York University (NYU) and two years later director of the division of pediatric neurosurgery by Ransohoff, his former mentor. It was there that he saw the resemblance of operable tumors in the cerebellum and, until then, inoperable ones in the brain stem. He likened the technique he developed to removing lead from a pencil, the pencil being the spinal cord. 
He founded the division of pediatric neurosurgery at New York University Medical Center, and he was the founding director of the Institute for Neurology and Neurosurgery (INN) at Beth Israel Hospital in New York City. 
He was president of the International Society of Pediatric Neurosurgery and the American Society of Pediatric Neurosurgery. He published more than 175 scholarly papers and was editor in chief of The Journal of Pediatric Neurosurgery.
In 2001, the American Association of Neurological Surgeons awarded him its Lifetime Achievement Award.
He wrote two books for general readers: "If I Get to Five" and "Gifts of Time". 
He was the subject of three segments of “20/20” and made news by operating on the son of the Yankee pitcher Tommy John and on a Tibetan monk for whom the Dalai Lama prayed at the institute. In 1997, he operated on a millionaire’s pug in exchange for a donation to help pay for surgery that Epstein then performed on a 5-year-old boy from rural Pennsylvania.
In September 2001, he suffered a brain injury due to a bicycle accident, which forced him to retire from active practice. He continued to advise on neurological matters for the Miami Children's Hospital until his death due to melanoma.
Quotation.
"The question, "Why do children suffer?" has no answer, unless it's simply, "To break our hearts." Once our hearts get broken, they never fully heal. They always ache. But perhaps a broken heart is a more loving instrument. Perhaps only after our hearts have cracked wide open, have finally and totally unclenched, can we truly know love without boundaries."

</doc>
<doc id="5992436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992436" title="Mats Larsson">
Mats Larsson

Mats Larsson (born March 20, 1980 in Järna, Vansbro) is a Swedish cross country skier who raced since 1999. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin and also finished 20th in the 15 km event at those same Olympics.
Larsson won a silver medal in the Individual sprint event at the 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Sapporo. His only career win came in a 15 km event in 2002 in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5992443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992443" title="Trichy Sankaran">
Trichy Sankaran

Trichy Sankaran (born July 27, 1942) is an Indian percussionist, composer, scholar, and educator. He is acknowledged as one of the foremost virtuosos of the mridangam and also plays the kanjira on occasion. Since the early 1970s, he has performed and recorded in a number of cross-cultural projects.
Sankaran has lived in Toronto since 1971. He is the founder of the Tyagaraja Aradhana in Toronto and is a professor of music at York University. He has regularly performed at all leading organizations in Chennai every December Music Season and continues to accompany a wide array of top ranked musicians. Trichy Sankaran has been conferred the illustrious title, Sangeetha Kalanidhi, from the Madras Music Academy for the year 2011-2012.
Early life.
Born on July 27, 1942 in Thiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, India, Sankaran had his early musical training first under his cousin, the late Sri P. A. Venkataraman, and later became the star disciple of the legendary "mridangam" maestro, the late Sri Pazhani Subramania Pillai. He made his debut at the age of 13 in a concert given by the Alathoor Brothers at Nanrudayan Temple in the town of Thiruchirapalli
Since then he has performed with all top ranking Carnatic musicians, including Sri Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, Sri Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bhagavatar, Sri Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer, Sri Musiri Subramania Iyer, Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer, Sri G. N. Balasubramaniam, Sri Madurai Mani Iyer, Sri T. R. Mahalingam, and others.
Winner of the All India Radio gold medal in 1955 and the President of India award in 1958, Sankaran is one of the world's top ranking "mridangam" players. In addition to being the most sought after successor to the style of Pazhani Subramania Pillai, Sankaran has cultivated and infused new dimensions to the art of performing on his instrument, thus making his style innovative, yet treading ever so finely within the confines of tradition.
He has developed over the years a unique style of accompaniment trademark to only himself for which he is highly sought after amongst musicians, percussionists, audiences and connoisseurs alike. The forte of his style includes the most superior of "nadai" calibration, subtle "koraippu" structure, innovative "mora" – "korvai" permutations and most significant of all; his innate ability to present performances in any "tala" combination, not compromising detail or structure. Added to his reputation are, his "tala-specific" renditions, highlighting patterns contouring the tala orientation. His lyrical displays of rhythmic aesthetics in "mridangam" playing have been the object lessons of the percussionists' logistics.
He has dedicated himself for the cause and propagation of Carnatic music in North America in more than one way: as academician, global artist, composer, and collaborator.
Teaching.
Sankaran is the co-founder (in conjunction with vocalist Jon B. Higgins) of the Indian Music Program and a Professor of Music at York University in Toronto, Canada, where he has been teaching since 1971. In addition, he has also conducted workshops and seminars at Wesleyan University, the Berklee College of Music, the University of Michigan, the California Institute of the Arts, the University of Illinois, McMaster University, Cornell University, and Dalhousie University. He has made valuable contributions at many scholarly conferences across North America and has also published a number of his works in the leading journals of the continent. He has also written a textbook on the "mridangam", which defines the basic techniques and principles of Carnatic percussion, entitled "The Rhythmic Principles & Practice of South Indian Drumming". In addition, in 2010 he authored a comprehensive textbook which focuses on the subject of solkattu (the spoken rhythms of South India) titled "The Art of Konnakkol".
Trichy Sankaran is also an avid world class clinician, and has performed workshops and clinics internationally. He has collaborated with top ranking drummers and percussionists, such as Steve Smith, Peter Erskine, and Giovanni Hidalgo, among others.
Sankaran is also the founder and artistic director of Kalalayam, an institution dedicated in cultivating the nuances and techniques of the Pudukkottai style of percussive embellishment. He has successfully trained many South Asian and North American students on the "mridangam", "kanjira", "ghatam", tabla, and other Western percussion instruments. He was the pioneer in starting the Thyagaraja Festival in Toronto which has flourished into an annual event hosting a series of concerts featuring top ranked musicians from India, identifying and promoting talented youth in North America and endowing scholarships to students pursuing a career in music.
International tours.
Sankaran has performed far and wide at major festivals in India, Southeast Asia, Europe, the Middle East, Australia, and North America. With over half a century of concert experience in Carnatic music, he has accompanied over five generations of musicians.
Awards.
As a performing artist of international repute, Sankaran has received numerous honors and awards. The titles include:
He was also nominated as the "Professional Of the Year" by the executive committee of the Indo-Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Toronto. He has received the prestigious Palghat Mani Iyer Award from the Percussive Arts Centre, Bangalore, the Chowdiah Memorial Award from the Karnataka State, and Sri Pazhani Subramania Pillai Award from the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. In 1998 he received an honorary Doctor of Music degree from the University of Victoria, in British Columbia, Canada, for his achievements in the academic and professional fields. He has also held honorable positions at The Glenn Gould Foundation and Canada Council.
Work with ensembles.
In addition to his usual traditional settings, he has performed with gamelan, jazz, electronic, and African music ensembles, and World Drums in fusion concerts. He has performed in "jugalbandhi" concerts with Ustad Vilayat Khan, V. G. Jog, Zakir Hussain, Hariprasad Chaurasia, Shanta Prasad, and Swapan Chaudhuri, to name a few. As a composer, Sankaran has to his credit numerous pieces in the genres of gamelan, jazz, traditional Western classical orchestra, and various instrumental ensembles respectively.
Sankaran has also worked in the fields of jazz, electronic music, and free improvisation with the composers David Rosenboom, Richard Teitelbaum, Charlie Haden, Pauline Oliveros, Paul Plimley, the Jazz Orchestra of York University, Anthony Braxton, Dave Brubeck, Glen Velez, Nexus, and World Drums.
In 1996, Sankaran was commissioned by leading Canadian Bharatanatyam dancer Lata Pada, C.M., to compose a contemporary work entitled 'TimeScape', for her dance company, Sampradaya Dance Creations.
Personal life.
Sankaran lives in Toronto, Canada in the district of North York. His daughter is the vocalist and pianist Suba Sankaran. A York University graduate, she is a freelance performer in Toronto and has her own group called "Autorickshaw", which specializes in contemporary and instrumental fusion themes (Indo-jazz). Suba, along with her father Trichy Sankaran and wind specialist Ernie Tollar, perform as Trichy's Trio. She also performs jazz numbers with the group Retrocity.
Trichy Sankaran has also been involved with numerous multi-cultural initiatives, such as performing at Toronto's Yonge-Dundas Square as a headliner of the 'desiFest' May 2007 South Asian Canadian music festival founded by youth entrepreneur Sathish Bala.
Discography.
Released in India.
"** - Forthcoming"

</doc>
<doc id="5992445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992445" title="The Animal Song">
The Animal Song

"The Animal Song" is a song by Savage Garden, released in February 1999. The song was written for the soundtrack of the film "The Other Sister", but also appeared on their second studio album, "Affirmation", as well as their compilation album, "". It was the band's first song to be produced by Walter Afanasieff, a producer well known for his work with Mariah Carey. Walter would later produce the group's "Affirmation" album, and also Darren Hayes' first solo album, "Spin".
Background.
The video for the song was directed by Jim Gable. It features Hayes walking through a parade with intercut scenes from "The Other Sister" with Juliette Lewis. The song is also used in the "Shamu Rocks" seasonal nighttime show at SeaWorld, America. "The Animal Song" became the group's third Canadian number-one single, topping the singles chart for three weeks, from 27 March 1999. It also peaked at #3 in Australia and #19 in the US. It later reached #16 on the UK Singles Chart in summer 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5992448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992448" title="François Paré">
François Paré

François-Rosaire Paré BA, PhD (born 1949 in Longueuil, Quebec) is a Québécois author and academic specialising in the literature of cultural minorities, though He started his career as a professor of French Renaissance literature.
Paré lived in Montreal during his youth. After earning his Bachelor of Arts degree at the Université de Montréal, he pursued further studies in Buffalo, New York at SUNY. He would eventually settle in Ontario, first at St Catharines, then moving to the Kitchener-Waterloo region to teach at the University of Guelph. He was the Chair of the French Studies Department at the University of Waterloo from 2003-2010 and is now the Graduate officer for the department.

</doc>
<doc id="5992449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992449" title="Why the Sea is Salt">
Why the Sea is Salt

Why the Sea Is Salty (; the mill that grind at the bottom of the sea) is a Norwegian fairy tale collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe in their "Norske Folkeeventyr". Andrew Lang included it in "The Blue Fairy Book" (1889).
It is a late derivation of the Old Norse poem "Grottasöngr", found in Snorri Sturluson's "Skáldskaparmál".
Georgios A. Megas collected a Greek variant The Mill in "Folktales of Greece".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 565, the Magic Mill. Other tales of this type include "The Water Mother" and "Sweet porridge".
Synopsis.
A poor man begged from his brother on Christmas Eve. The brother promised him, depending on the variant, ham or bacon or a lamb if he would do something. The poor brother promised; the rich one handed over the food and told him to go to Hell (in Lang's version, the Dead Men's Hall; in the Greek, the Devil's dam). Since he promised, he set out.
In the Norse variants, he meets an old man along the way. In some variants, the man begs from him, and he gives something; in all, the old man tells him that in Hell (or the hall), they will want to buy the food from him, but he must only sell it for the hand-mill behind the door, and come to him for directions to use it. It took a great deal of haggling, but the poor man succeeded, and the old man showed him how to use it.
In the Greek, he merely brought the lamb and told the devils that he would take whatever they would give him, and they gave him the mill.
He took it to his wife, and had it grind out everything they needed for Christmas, from lights to tablecloth to meat and ale. They ate well and on the third day, they had a great feast. His brother was astounded and when the poor man had drunk too much, or when the poor man's children innocently betrayed the secret, he showed his rich brother the hand-mill.
His brother finally persuaded him to sell it. In the Norse version, the poor brother didn't teach him how to handle it. He set to grind out herrings and broth, but it soon flooded his house. His brother wouldn't take it back until he paid him as much as he paid to have it. In the Greek, the brother set out to Constantinople by ship.
In the Norse, one day a skipper wanted to buy the hand-mill from him, and eventually persuaded him.
In all versions, the new owner took it to sea and set it to grind out salt. It ground out salt until it sank the boat, and then went on grinding in the sea, turning the sea salt.

</doc>
<doc id="5992467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992467" title="Exochi">
Exochi

Exochi (Greek: Εξοχή meaning "countryside") may refer to several villages in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="5992472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992472" title="Mill City">
Mill City

Mill City may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992491" title="Uloborus walckenaerius">
Uloborus walckenaerius

Uloborus walckenaerius is a spider in the family Uloboridae. Like all spiders in this family, they do not have venom glands and kill their prey by crushing with over 140 metres of thread.
Females grow up to 6 mm, males up to 4 mm. It has a dark grey prosoma, covered with white hairs, leaving some dark bands uncovered. The spider lives in warm, open terrain, like heathland, and weaves horizontal cribellate webs close to the ground. A stabilimentum is sometimes present.
Name.
Named in honor of Charles Athanase Walckenaer.

</doc>
<doc id="5992504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992504" title="Black and Blue (disambiguation)">
Black and Blue (disambiguation)

Black and Blue may refer to:
Black and Blue may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992508" title="Wellington Square">
Wellington Square

Wellington Square may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992520" title="Derek Hawksworth">
Derek Hawksworth

Derek Marshall Hawksworth (born 16 July 1927 in Bradford, England) was a footballer who played in the position of winger for Sheffield United.
Football career.
Hawksworth started his career with Bradford Park Avenue in 1946, before moving to Huddersfield Town, although he never made an appearance for either club. In 1948, he moved to Bradford City and made 75 appearances with 20 goals for the West Yorkshire side.
Hawksworth was 23 when he signed for Sheffield United in 1950 in a double transfer along with fellow winger Alf Ringstead, for a total outlay of £15,000. He was strong, fast and dangerous near goal, and was at his best in an outside-left position, but served United well in all the other forward positions.
He played an integral part in United's 7-3 defeat of Sheffield Wednesday in the Steel City derby at Bramall Lane on 8 September 1951, scoring an equaliser and a fourth goal in a match never to be forgotten by Blades fans. In total, he played 255 league matches for Sheffield United, and scored 88 league goals in his seven years at Bramall Lane.
He was transferred to Huddersfield Town in 1958 in an exchange deal, which saw Ronnie Simpson moving to United. He played 55 league matches, scoring 14 goals for the Terriers. In 1959, he signed for Lincoln City, scoring 14 times in 36 league matches. 
He ended his career back with Bradford City, for one final year. Scoring eight goals from 44 appearances for the Bantams.

</doc>
<doc id="5992529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992529" title="Glyfa">
Glyfa

Glyfa () may refer to the following places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="5992557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992557" title="List of NFL Championship Game broadcasters">
List of NFL Championship Game broadcasters

The following is a list of the television networks and announcers that broadcast the National Football League Championship Game from the 1940s until the 1969 NFL season (after which the NFL merged with the American Football League). The National Football League first held a championship game in 1933, it took until 1948 before a championship game would be televised. The successor to the NFL Championship Game is the NFC Championship Game.

</doc>
<doc id="5992570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992570" title="Buckaroo! (game)">
Buckaroo! (game)

Buckaroo! is a game of physical skill, intended for children aged four and above. Buckaroo is made by Milton Bradley, a division of the toy company Hasbro.
Originally released in 1970 by ideal using a white mule this has now been replaced with a brown one. 
Play centres on a simple articulated plastic model of a mule named Roo (or Buckaroo). The mule begins the game standing on all four feet, with just a blanket on its back. Players take turns placing various items onto the mule's back. They must do so very gently, as a delicate spring mechanism inside the mule will be triggered by excess vibration—if it is triggered, the mule bucks up on its front legs, throwing off all the accumulated items. The player who triggered this buck is knocked out of the game, and play resumes. The winner is the last player remaining in the game. In the (unlikely) event that a player manages to place the last item onto the mule's back without it bucking, that player is the winner.
The items which players must place on the mule's back are (variations in names from 2007 UK version in brackets):
Of these, the saddle must be placed first. It has a number of points on which the subsequent items are hung. These other items may be placed in any order (some players have personal theories as to which is the most likely to cause the mule to buck).
The game has three sensitivity levels that are adjustable via a switch located on the side of the mule's body, under the blanket. The switch adjusts the location of the lever to which the blanket is attached in relation to the trigger mechanism attached to the spring.
Criticism.
In 2006, Buckaroo! was considered dangerous, due to the objects getting flung off of the mule when the spring is triggered. On "Good Morning America" and CTV News, it was mentioned that an object has hit a child in the eye, in North Carolina, causing the 8-year-old boy to have surgery. No charges were placed. The game was discontinued until 2008 when the instructions were adjusted.

</doc>
<doc id="5992572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992572" title="Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi">
Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi

Lieutenant Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi (1891 - 1920) was an Arab Ottoman staff officer from Mosul. He was stationed in Damascus and played a pivotal role in the events leading up to the Arab Revolt.
He was a member of Arab secret societies in Damascus. After the first visit of Faisal bin Hussein to Damascus in early 1915, the societies were suspected by Djemal Pasha of conspiracy and treason against the Ottoman Empire. As a consequence the societies were disbanded and their members dispersed. Al-Faruqi was sent to the Gallipoli front where he deserted in late 1915.
He crossed over to the Allied side and claimed to have important information for the British. The British eagerly jumped on the source of information. Al-Faruqi's poor English made accidental or intentional misunderstandings likely. The information he fed the British was partly true and partly fabricated. Al-Faruqi claimed to be a member of the secret society al-'Ahd and said he represented the Arab army officers in Damascus. He urged the British to support an independent Arab state as outlined in the Damascus Protocol during the correspondence with Hussein. He claimed any delay would make Hussein fully support Germany and the Ottomans.
Al-Faruqi's claims solidified British Egypt's conceptions that the Arab world was ready for a revolt. Kitchener's followers in Egypt and elsewhere used this information to persuade Henry McMahon to meet Hussein's demands. An Arab revolt would relieve in part the British forces fighting the Ottomans. In the following negotiations concerning this issue al-Faruqi managed to be the centerpiece by claiming to each party to represent an opportune other party.

</doc>
<doc id="5992576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992576" title="Foge Fazio">
Foge Fazio

Serafino Dante "Foge" Fazio (February 28, 1938 – December 2, 2009) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Pittsburgh from 1982 to 1985. Fazio was an assistant coach with five teams in the National Football League (NFL) between 1988 and 2002.
Fazio played linebacker and center at the University of Pittsburgh, and was drafted by the Boston Patriots of the American Football League, but never played professionally. He returned to Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, where he grew up, to begin his coaching career at the high school level, and then moved to the college ranks. He was hired as head coach by his alma mater, Pitt in 1982, having previously been defensive coordinator under Jackie Sherrill, leading the team to a 25–18–3 record in four seasons before being fired. Several of his Fazio's defenses have been acclaimed as some of the best units in college football history, particularly the #2-ranked 1980 team which featured several players who went on to have successful careers in the NFL, including Rickey Jackson, Bill Maas, Carlton Williamson, and Hugh Green, who finished second in the 1980 Heisman Trophy balloting. After Fazio's stint as head coach at Pitt, Lou Holtz then hired him to serve as the defensive coordinator at the University of Notre Dame. At the college level, Fazio also coached at Boston University, Harvard University and the University of Cincinnati.
Fazio moved to the NFL in 1988, coaching for the Atlanta Falcons and New York Jets before becoming the defensive coordinator of the Minnesota Vikings in 1995. He left the Vikings in 1999 and spent a year as the linebackers coach of the Washington Redskins before his hiring as the defensive coordinator of the Cleveland Browns in 2001. He retired from the Browns in 2003, but was hired as a defensive consultant by Mike Tice of the Vikings in the 2005 season.
Following his retirement from coaching he did color commentary for the radio broadcast of Pitt football games during the 2008 and 2009 seasons. Fazio died on December 2, 2009 at the age of 71, as the result of a long bout with leukemia. He was survived by his wife and two children, Kristen and Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="5992588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992588" title="Anders Södergren">
Anders Södergren

Hans Anders Södergren (born 17 May 1977 in Söderhamn, Hälsingland) is a Swedish cross-country skier who has competed since 1999. He earned a bronze medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin and also finished 5th in the 15 km + 15 km double pursuit event at those same Olympics. In the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver he won a gold medal with the Swedish team in the 4x10 km relay.
Södergren won four medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with two silvers (15 km + 15 km double pursuit: 2009, 50 km: 2003) and two bronzes in the 4 x 10 km (2003, 2007). He has eight FIS Race victories and is a ten-time national champion at distances between 15 km and 50 km as of the 2005–06 season.
Additionally, Södergren won the 50 km event at both the 2006 and the 2008 Holmenkollen ski festival, making him the only skier to have won an international 50 km elite race with individual start in free technique since 2004.
Södergren has a twin brother, Per, who was forced abandon his cross-country skiing career following a back injury.

</doc>
<doc id="5992592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992592" title="Lokomotiv (sports society)">
Lokomotiv (sports society)

Lokomotiv (; English: Locomotive) is the Russian sports club and a member of the International Railway Sports Association.
Established in 1999, "Locomotive" traces its history to the All-Union Voluntary Sports Society of rail transport workers' Trade Unions, one of the first sports societies of workers of the USSR. Established in 1936, it united workers of rail transport, transport construction and metro. The origin of the society dates back to 1923, when October Revolution Club was created, uniting football players of Moscow railways. In 1987 the Soviet society Lokomotiv was merged with number of other Trade Union sports societies into a single sports society.
In 1972 the society had some 7,000 physical culture collectives (more than 1.3 million athletes) and cultivated more than 40 sports. In January 1973 VSS Lokomotiv possessed 247 stadiums, some 500 sports halls, 260 skiing camps, 127 shooting ranges, 36 swimming pools, some 6,000 sports grounds and football grounds
Since 1992, i.e. after the break-up of the USSR, Lokomotiv became an association of Trade Unions' voluntary sports societies of rail transport workers of the Commonwealth of Independent States.

</doc>
<doc id="5992593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992593" title="Daphniphyllum">
Daphniphyllum

Daphniphyllum is the sole genus in the flowering plant family Daphniphyllaceae. The genus includes about 25–30 species, all evergreen shrubs and trees mainly native to east and southeast Asia, but also found in India, Sri Lanka and Australia. All species are dioecious, that is male and female flowers are borne on different plants. In older classifications the genus was treated in the family Euphorbiaceae.
"Daphniphyllum" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including The Engrailed.

</doc>
<doc id="5992594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992594" title="Miguel Calero">
Miguel Calero

Miguel Ángel Calero Rodríguez (14 April 1971 – 4 December 2012) was a Colombian football goalkeeper, who played 50 times for the Colombia national team between 1995 and 2007.
While playing in Colombia, Calero won two championships, one with Deportivo Cali (1996) and another one with Atlético Nacional (1998). In Mexico, he played 23 tournaments with Club Pachuca and won 10 cups with the team. At an international level, Calero won four CONCACAF Champions Leagues and the Copa Sudamericana in 2006; he also won the 2001 Copa América with Colombia's national team.
Career.
Calero was born in Ginebra, Valle del Cauca, Colombia, but later became a Mexican citizen.
He played for Deportivo Cali winning the 1996 Copa Mustang Division Mayor: Primera A championship title and Atlético Nacional Colombia, then moving to C.F. Pachuca, Mexico, where he was captain of the team. With Pachuca, he won four national championships, three CONCACAF Champions Cups, one Copa Sudamericana and one SuperLiga title. He scored a goal against Chiapas on 11 August 2002.
He played for the Colombia national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. In 2001 he was part of the Colombia team that won their first ever Copa América championship.
He was known for wearing a baseball cap as a goalkeeper and a bandana, and for having a pair of wings on the back of his jersey around his number, 1. These wings symbolize his nickname, "El Cóndor".
After a poor performance in Copa América 2007, which included a 5–0 loss to Paraguay, Calero announced his retirement from the Colombian National team.
In 23 October 2011, Calero played his last game with Pachuca and retired from football.
Health deterioration and death.
Calero was hospitalized on 26 November 2012 after he suffered from a cerebral thrombosis at his home in Pachuca. After suffering from a second cerebral thrombosis episode, Calero was pronounced clinically brain dead on 3 December 2012. For the rest of the day, he remained on life support but the injuries were irreversible. At a public conference on noon of 4 December, Calero was declared dead. His funeral was held in Pachuca, Hidalgo, home of his tenured club CF Pachuca. After the ceremonies Calero was later cremated and his remains were divided with one half of it sent to his native Colombia, whereas the rest stayed in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5992625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992625" title="Stepnogorsk">
Stepnogorsk

Stepnogorsk (Kazakh: Степногор/Stepnogor, Russian: Степногорск) is a town in Akmola Province, Kazakhstan. It was established in 1959, and has been a town since 1964. It is located about 200km North-East of Astana. It was first established as a secret town with code names Tselinograd-25 (), Makinsk-2 (). The town is known as a nuclear and biochemical site. Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="5992640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992640" title="Baiburt">
Baiburt

Baiburt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992650" title="Piaggio Ape">
Piaggio Ape

The Piaggio Ape (; ; Italian for bee), sometimes referred to as Ape Piaggio, Apecar, Ape Car or just Ape, is a three-wheeled light commercial vehicle first produced in 1948 by Piaggio.
History and design.
At the end of World War II, most Italians, badly affected by the war, lacked means of transport and, more importantly, the financial means to acquire and maintain full-sized four-wheeled vehicles. In 1947, the inventor of the Vespa, aircraft designer Corradino D'Ascanio, came up with the idea of building a light three-wheeled commercial vehicle to power Italy's economical reconstruction, an idea which found favour with Enrico Piaggio, the son of the firm's founder, Rinaldo.
The very first Ape model and the mark immediately following it were mechanically a Vespa with two wheels added to the rear, with a flat-bed structure on top of the rear axle. The early sales brochures and adverts referred to the vehicle as the "VespaCar" or "TriVespa".
The first Apes featured 50 cc, 125 cc or 150 cc and more recently 175 cc engines. By the time of the 1964 Ape D, a cab was added to protect the driver from the elements.
The Ape has been in continuous production since its inception and has been produced in a variety of different body styles in Italy and India.
Controlled with scooter style handlebars (current TM version could be bought also with steering wheel), the original Ape was designed to seat one, but can accommodate a passenger (with a tight fit) in its cab. A door is provided on each side, making it quicker to get out of the vehicle when making deliveries to different sides of the road. Performance is suited to the job of light delivery, with good torque for hills but a low top speed, which is irrelevant in the urban settings for which it was designed. Outside of towns, Apes are customarily driven as close as possible to the kerb to allow traffic to pass.
Usage.
The vehicles come in various configurations such as vans and pickups for load carrying (popular with postal administration in some countries) and an autorickshaw (Tuk-tuk) for human transportation. More recently Piaggio have made lifestyle models such as the Ape Cross Country and the Ape Web aimed at the young. The Ape is also commonly used as a promotion tool. Advertising hoardings are mounted in the load bay. The Ape's unusual looks can help draw attention to a brand or business.
The Ape is still not an uncommon sight in Italy where its compact size allows it to negotiate narrow city streets and park virtually anywhere. In small southern villages, it is also often seen at the roadside where the load area is used as an impromptu market stall by farmers.
Most Apes are produced in India by Piaggio India, and a similar vehicle is manufactured by Bajaj Auto. In India the Ape is most commonly found in the form of an autorickshaw (or tuk-tuk). A relatively small number of Apes is still made in Italy. On October 16, 2013, Piaggio announced that the production of Ape would be completely shut down in Italy and entirely moved to India. 
Nowadays two model ranges are offered: the "Ape 50" with a 49.8 cc petrol engine and the larger "Ape TM" which comes available with a 218 cc petrol engine or a 422 cc diesel engine. 
The "Ape 50" can carry while the "TM" and "Classic" can carry (depending on version and engine). 
Fuel consumption for the current Ape 50 model is about 
A limited edition named the Calessino was made available: this had retro styling and came in an autorickshaw body. The bodywork was close to the Ape of the 1950s and 1960s and was designed to evoke memories of the era of dramatic economic growth in Italy known as Miracolo Economico.

</doc>
<doc id="5992663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992663" title="Kumārila Bhaṭṭa">
Kumārila Bhaṭṭa

Scholars differ as regards Kumārila Bhaṭṭa's views on a personal God. For example, Manikka Vachakar believed that Bhaṭṭa promoted a personal God (Parabrahman), which conflicts with the Mimamsa school. In his "varttika" Kumārila Bhaṭṭa goes to great lengths to argue against the theory of a creator God and held that the actions enjoined in the Veda had definite results without an external interference.
Bhaṭṭa is also credited with the logical formulation of the Mimamsic belief that the Vedas are unauthored (apaurusheya). In particular his defence against medieval Buddhist position on Vedic rituals, is noteworthy. Some believe that this contributed, to the decline of Buddhism in India because his lifetime coincides with the period in which Buddhism began to decline. Indeed, his dialectical success against buddhists is confirmed by Buddhist historian Tathagata, who reports that Bhaṭṭa defeated disciples of Buddhapalkita, Bhavya, Dharmadasa, Dignaga and others. His work strongly influenced other schools of Indian philosophy, most notably Advaita Vedanta, especially since Vedanta adopts "purva Mimamsa's" epistemological arguments almost verbatim, with the exception that while Mimamsa considers the Upanishads to be subservient to the Vedas, the Vedanta school does not think so.
Linguistics views.
Kumārila Bhaṭṭa and his followers in the Mimamsa tradition (known as "") argued for a strongly Compositional view of semantics (called "abhihitānvaya"). In this view, the meaning of a sentence was understood only after understanding first the meanings of individual words. Words were independent, complete objects, a view that is close to the Fodorian view of language. He also used several Tamil words in his poems, one of the earliest mention of the name Dravida akin Tamil in North Indian sources.
This view was debated over some seven or eight centuries by the followers of Prabhakara school within Mimamsa, who argued that words do not directly designate meaning; any meaning that arises is because it is connected with other words ("anvitābhidhāna", anvita = connected; abhidhāna = denotation). This view was influenced by the holistic arguments of Bhartrihari's theory.
Essentially the prābhākaras argued that sentence meanings are grasped directly, from perceptual and contextual cues, skipping the stage of grasping singly the individual word meanings, similar to the modern view of linguistic underspecification, which relates to the Dynamic Turn in Semantics, that also opposes purely compositional approaches to sentence meaning.
Criticism of Buddhism.
With the aim to prove the superiority of Vedic scripture, Kumārila Bhaṭṭa presented several novel arguments:
1. ""Buddhist (or Jain) scripture could not be correct because it had several grammatical lapses."" He specifically takes the Buddhist verse: "ime samkhada dhamma sambhavanti sakarana akarana vinassanti" (These phenomena arise when the cause is present and perish when the cause is absent). Thus he presents his argument:
The scriptures of Buddhists and Jains are composed in overwhelmingly incorrect (asadhu) language, words of the Magadha or Dakshinatya languages, or even their dialects (tadopabhramsa). Therefore false compositions (asannibandhana), they cannot possibly be true knowledge (shastra) ... By contrast, the very form itself (the well-assembled language) of the Veda proves its authority to be independent and absolute.
This argument of Bhaṭṭa relies heavily on his idea that the meanings of each individual word should be complete for the sentence to have a meaning. It may be noted, that the Pali Canon was intentionally recorded in local dialects and not in languages germane only to the scholarly.
2. Every extant school held some scripture to be correct. In order to show that the Veda was the only correct scripture, Bhaṭṭa ingeniously said that ""the absence of an author would safeguard the Veda against all reproach"" (apaurusheya). There was ""no way to prove any of the contents of Buddhist scriptures directly as wrong in spirit..."", unless one challenges the legitimacy and eternal nature of the scripture itself. It is well known that the Pali Canon was composed after the Buddha's parinirvana. Further, even if they were the Buddha's words, they were not eternal or unauthored like the Vedas.
3. The Sautrantika Buddhist school believed that the universe was momentary (kshanika). Bhaṭṭa said that this was absurd, given that the universe does not disappear every moment. No matter how small one would define the duration of a moment, one could divide the moment into infinitely further parts. Bhaṭṭa argues: ""if the universe is does not exist between moments, then in which of these moments does it exist?"" Because a moment could be infinitesimally small, Bhaṭṭa argued that the Buddhist was claiming that the universe was non-existent.
4. The Determination of perception (pratyaksha pariccheda).
Some scholars believe, Bhaṭṭa's understanding of Buddhist philosophy was far greater than that of any other non-Buddhist philosopher of his time.
Legendary life.
According to legend, Bhaṭṭa went to study Buddhism at Nalanda (the largest 4th century university in the world), with the aim of refuting Buddhist doctrine in favour of Vedic religion. He was expelled from the university when he protested against his teacher (Dharmakirti) ridiculing the Vedic rituals. Legend has it that even though he was thrown off of the university's tower, he survived with an eye injury. (Modern Mimamsa scholars and followers of Vedanta believe that this was because he imposed a condition on the infallibility of the Vedas thus encouraging the Hindu belief that one should not even doubt the infallibility of the Vedas.)
Kumārila Bhaṭṭa left Nalanda after that and settled down in Prayag (modern day Allahabad). Bhaṭṭa visited many kingdoms and regionalities to debate with the Buddhist pundits. It was tradition at that time that whoever wins a debate in the King's court, their philosophy and ideology would be accepted by the King and by the subjects. To prevent the further downfall of Vedic Sanskruti, Kumārila Bhaṭṭa had defeated many Buddhist pundits and saved the country from Buddhist supremacy. It so happened that the jealous Buddhist pundits, who were unable to defeat Bhaṭṭa in debates, challenged him to a stunt. They said, "If your Vedas are the Truth, then nothing will happen to you when you fall from the top of a mountain." Kumārila Bhaṭṭa had utter conviction and faith in the Vedas and Shrutis and readily accepted this challenge. He proclaimed, "If the Vedas are the Ultimate Truth nothing will happen to me" and jumped from the mountain. In doing so, there was not a scratch on his body. However, he did lose an eye. This was because he uttered "IF", which signifies that a person who believes the Vedas to be the ultimate would not utter "If", and instead would say "The Vedas are the Ultimate Truth and nothing will happen to me." However, the Buddhist monks wanted Bhaṭṭa to leave and they proclaimed he had lost.
Kumārila Bhaṭṭa was devastated and could not bear the defeat. It was not that someone had defeated him, he was more angry that "I have failed to protect my own Mother Sanskruti". He decided to take samadhi by burning himself on a pile of peanut shells, which is said to be the most torturous death. This character study can be found in the works of Pandurang Shastri Athavale.
One medieval work on the life of Sankara (considered most accurate) claims that Sankara challenged Bhaṭṭa to a debate on his deathbed. Kumārila Bhaṭṭa could not debate Sankara and instead directed him to argue with his student Mandana Misra in . He said:
Another work on Sankara's life however claims that Sankara implored Bhaṭṭa not to commit suicide. Another contradictory legend however says that Bhaṭṭa continued to live on with two wives several students, one of whom was Prabhākara. According to this legend, Bhaṭṭa died in Varanasi at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5992665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992665" title="Waskom Independent School District">
Waskom Independent School District

Waskom Independent School District is a public school district based in Waskom, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5992671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992671" title="Steve Carlson">
Steve Carlson

Steven Edward Carlson (born August 26, 1955) is a retired American ice hockey forward and a former minor league hockey coach.
Carlson was born in Virginia, Minnesota. He appeared in the movie "Slap Shot" as one of the Hanson Brothers. Carlson played in the World Hockey Association with the New England Whalers, Edmonton Oilers and Minnesota Fighting Saints and in the National Hockey League for the Los Angeles Kings, scoring nine goals for the Kings. While playing for the Edmonton Oilers in the WHA, he was the roommate of Wayne Gretzky during his rookie season. Carlson and Al McLeod are the only players to ever be on a team with Gordie Howe and on a team with Wayne Gretzky. 
Since retiring from hockey, Carlson runs a power skating school in Northern California.

</doc>
<doc id="5992678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992678" title="Stone Bay">
Stone Bay

Stone Bay is a satellite facility of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, in North Carolina. Based on the south side of Camp Lejeune, and is home to the headquarters of United States Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command and Lejeune's Weapons Training Battalion and Sniper School. It functions as the primary facility for weapons qualifications, having several shooting ranges: three rifle ranges, two pistol ranges, and one long sniper range.
The sniper School and ranges work in one unit with the east side of the road for weapons qualifications and the sniper school uses the woods on the other side of the road for training (and the mile long driveway) except for the range that is all the way at the end which is the known and unknown distance sniper course. 1,000 Meters is the longest (308) known distance shot on the range. Two of the other ranges are you typical USMC range up to 500 meters for Rifle qualification. The opposite end from the sniper range is the pistol range with standard USMC known distances.

</doc>
<doc id="5992682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992682" title="The Karate Kid (video game)">
The Karate Kid (video game)

The Karate Kid was a game published by LJN and developed by the Japanese company "Atlus Co., Ltd" for the NES. The gameplay loosely follows plot elements from the first and second "Karate Kid" movies.
Gameplay.
There are four levels in the game, and they play out as the movie goes. It ends with Pat Morita winking at the player from the screen.
Level 1.
The game begins with Daniel LaRusso fighting in the All Valley Karate Tournament (the location for the first "Karate Kid" film's climax). He will have to go through four fighters in order to advance to the next stage. The opponent's energy bar increases as the player progresses through them. The final fight is presumably with Johnny Lawrence from the movie.
Level 2.
Daniel then starts the second level which is set in Okinawa (the primary setting for "The Karate Kid, Part II"). There, he must dispatch random thugs who die in one hit while progressing to Chozen at the end of the stage. For every few enemies dispatched, Daniel can collect small "C" and "D" symbols that allow him to use Crane Kicks and Drum Punches, respectively. They also replenish a small amount of Daniel's energy meter. There are also a few obvious and not-so-obvious entrances where Daniel can earn Drum Punches and Crane Kicks by either breaking ice-blocks, catching flies with chopsticks, or dodging a swinging hammer.
Level 3.
In the third stage of play, Daniel is in a stage that is nearly identical to the first (with some tricky jumps) during a typhoon. The typhoon causes a strong wind to interfere with the player's jumps and various objects (sticks, birds) to fly through the air and threaten the player's energy. They can be hit for extra points, however. The boss is Chozen again and this time, there is a girl up on a pole that Daniel must save. It is not necessary to beat Chozen, only rescue the girl.
Level 4.
The final stage is the festival after the typhoon. Daniel wears a new outfit for this stage and the random enemies are now tougher, requiring two hits to be felled. There are also enemies with spears who take even more hits to defeat. The final boss, once again Chozen, has a new twist. Now he has Kumiko down on the ground beside him and if Daniel does not occasionally come into contact with her, she will slip off the platform and drown. This will result in a lost life. If Daniel can successfully defeat the boss without Kumiko drowning the player will be treated to a rather short ending. Mr. Miyagi's head appears and is animated to look as if he's talking and saying "You have successfully guided Daniel-"san" through all the challenges and have become a martial arts master!"

</doc>
<doc id="5992683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992683" title="Hladová zeď">
Hladová zeď

Hladová zeď (The Hunger Wall) is a medieval defence wall in Prague, today's Czech Republic. It was built on Petřín Hill between 1360 and 1362 by order of Charles IV.
Marl from quarries on Petřín Hill was used as construction material. The purpose of the construction was to strengthen the fortifications of Prague Castle and Malá Strana against any attack from the west or south. Originally the wall was 4 to 4.5 metres high and 1.8 metres wide and was equipped with battlements and (probably) eight bastions.
The wall was repaired in 1624, further strengthened in the middle of 18th century and repaired or modified several times later (in modern era in 1923-25 and 1975). One of preserved bastions serves as a base for the dome of Štefánik Observatory.
A well preserved part of the wall may also be found in the interior yard of the beautiful 19th-century house in Plaská Street No.8, where it became a decorative part of a very pleasant and highly recommended coffee and dining establishment in Prague 5 - Cafe Lounge.
The name and associated myths.
The wall was originally called "Zubatá" (toothed) or "Chlebová" (built for bread). The adjective "Hladová" (hungry) appeared after a 1361 famine, when the construction works on the wall provided livelihood for the city's poor. According to myth, the purpose of the wall was not strategic but to employ and thus feed the poor. Another myth, recorded in writings of Václav Hájek z Libočan or Bohuslav Balbín, is that the Emperor Charles IV himself worked on the wall several hours every day "to help his beloved people".
The term "hladová zeď" has become a Czech euphemism for useless public works.

</doc>
<doc id="5992692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992692" title="Jeff Carlson (ice hockey)">
Jeff Carlson (ice hockey)

Jeff Carlson (born July 20, 1953, in Virginia, Minnesota) is a retired American ice hockey forward. Carlson is best known for his role in the movie "Slap Shot" as one of the Hanson Brothers. Carlson also played in the World Hockey Association with the Minnesota Fighting Saints. Carlson is now an electrician in Muskegon, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5992693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992693" title="1990 IIHF Women's World Championship">
1990 IIHF Women's World Championship

The 1990 IIHF World Women's Championships were held March 19 to 25, 1990, at the Civic Centre in Ottawa, Canada. The Canadian team won the gold medal, the United States won silver, and Finland won bronze. This was the first IIHF-sanctioned international tournament in women's ice hockey. Fran Rider helped to organize the championships with no financial support from the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. 
There was strong international attention directed at the games. The gold medal game packed 9000 people into the arena and drew over a million viewers on television. For unknown reasons, the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association decided that the Canadian team should wear pink and white uniforms instead of the expected red and white. While the experiment only lasted for this tournament, Ottawa was taken over by a "pink craze" during the championships. Restaurants had pink-coloured food on special, and pink became a popular colour for flowers and bow ties.
Qualification Tournament.
The United States and Canadian teams qualified automatically. A tournament in Hong Kong took place between South Korea, Japan, China, India and Hong Kong. China won the tournament but declined their invitation, Japan went in their place.
The 1989 European Women's Ice Hockey Championship served as the qualification tournament for this championship. The top five finishers in the top pool qualified. They were Finland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, and West Germany.
Rankings and statisctics.
Scoring leaders.
List shows the top ten skaters sorted by points, then goals.
Canada's Dawn McGuire was named MVP of the gold medal game.
Leading goaltenders.
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played 40% of their team's minutes are included in this list.
"TOI = Time On Ice (minutes:seconds); SA = Shots Against; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; Sv% = Save Percentage; SO = Shutouts"
Source: whockey.com
Bodychecking.
This is the only major international tournament in Women's ice hockey to allow bodychecking. Before the tournament, bodychecking had been allowed in women's ice hockey in Europe. The European teams, knowing that they were less competitive than the North American teams, asked for bodychecking to be included. For some reason, the Europeans failed to realize the fact that while European women learned to play with other women, most North American players learned to play with men. Consequently, North American players were bigger than European players and used to playing a rougher game. This added to the already significant mismatch between the squads.
After this tournament, the International Ice Hockey Federation disallowed bodychecking in women's ice hockey. It is currently an infraction punished with a minor or major and game misconduct penalty.
In addition, the intermission between periods were twenty minutes instead of fifteen. This has since been abolished and changed to the usual fifteen minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5992694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992694" title="Williamson County Schools">
Williamson County Schools

Williamson County Schools (WCS) is a school district in Williamson County, Tennessee, United States. There are 42 (about to be 45 in 2016-2017 school year) schools in the district. Three High Schools in the school system were ranked in "Newsweek" magazine's list of the top 1,000 public schools in the United States.
Administrators.
Superintendent: Dr. Mike Looney, Ed.D.

</doc>
<doc id="5992697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992697" title="Tavia Nyong'o">
Tavia Nyong'o

Tavia Nyong'o is a Kenyan American cultural critic, historian and performance studies scholar.
He is currently an Associate Professor of Performance Studies at New York University where he teaches courses on black diaspora performance, cultural studies, social and critical theory.
Nyong'o received his B.A. from Wesleyan University. He then received a Marshall Scholarship to study at the University of Birmingham. In 2003, he received his Ph.D. in American Studies from Yale, where he studied under the mentorship of Paul Gilroy and Joseph Roach. Nyong'o was the 2004 runner-up for the Ralph Henry Gabriel Dissertation Award given by the American Studies Association annually for the best doctoral dissertation written in the field of American Studies. His book, "The Amalgamation Waltz: Race, Performance, and the Ruses of Memory", is published by the University of Minnesota Press (2009).
In addition, Nyong'o has published articles in "The Nation", "n+1", the "Yale Journal of Criticism", "Social Text", "Theatre Journal", "Performance Research", "", and "Women and Performance". He has written on racial kitsch, televised politics, Afro-punk aesthetics, and on African American historical memory. Tavia is the brother of Isis Nyong'o and cousin of actress Lupita Nyong'o.
Writing.
Tavia Nyong'o is the author of the essay ‘I've Got You Under My Skin’ Queer Assemblages, Lyrical Nostalgia and the African Diaspora. 
In his essay, Nyong'o explores the meaning of the word "diaspora". He is especially interested in the translocal community-building potential, of music, but worries that the very mobilizing and empowering aspects of diasporic music--a channel of community belonging--also divides and destroys communities. He writes, “The close affiliation of popular music with seduction, romance and sex speaks to the anxiety with which queerness is policed within it”.

</doc>
<doc id="5992703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992703" title="Side 2 Side">
Side 2 Side

"Side 2 Side" is the 3rd official single from Three 6 Mafia's album "Most Known Unknown". A music video has been released for the song as a remix which features Project Pat and Bow Wow in addition to Three 6 Mafia's existing members (DJ Paul and Juicy J). There is also an alternate video with the main group (Including Crunchy Black), featured in a strip club.
Xzibit, Travis Barker, Lyfe Jennings and street skater Stevie Williams all make cameo appearances in the music video.
Three 6 Mafia performs this song on the pilot episode of NBC's Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.

</doc>
<doc id="5992704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992704" title="Reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada by Chief Justice McLachlin">
Reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada by Chief Justice McLachlin

The following is a list of Supreme Court of Canada opinions written by Beverley McLachlin during her tenure on the Court.
1991.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete
1992.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete
1993.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete
1994.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete
1995.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete
1996.
Note: This part of the list is incomplete

</doc>
<doc id="5992708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992708" title="Naftoli Trop">
Naftoli Trop

Rabbi Naftoli Trop (1871–September 24, 1928) was a renowned Talmudist and Talmid Chacham. He served as "rosh yeshiva" of Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim in Raduń, Poland.
Early years.
He was born in Grodno, where he studied with his father, Rabbi Moshe Trop, who was "rosh yeshiva" of a local yeshiva. At 14, he left to learn in Kelm, where his study partner for ten years was Rabbi Yerucham Levovitz, who went on to become "mashgiach" of the Mir yeshiva. Rabbi Trop proceeded to briefly study in Slabodka and Telz, where he became close to Rabbi Eliezer Gordon. He learned for a short time in the Novardok yeshiva in Slonim, where he formed a close relationship with Rabbi Yosef Yozel Horwitz (known as "the "Alter" of Novardok"). In 1889, when Rabbi Yaakov Yitzchak (Itzele) Rabinowitz was appointed "rosh yeshiva" at Slabodka, Rabbi Trop returned to Slabodka to study under Rabbi Rabinowitz. 
At the age of twenty-one, Rabbi Trop became engaged to the daughter of Rabbi Nosson Tzvi Finkel. However, she died a few months before the wedding. In 1895, Rabbi Trop married Pesya Leah, the daughter of Rabbi Eliezer Yaakov Chavas of Yanishok. Shortly after the wedding, he returned to Kelm where he joined a large group of young married scholars. He was greatly influenced by the mussar movement approach he chiefly absorbed in Kelm, but also in Slobodka and by means of his contact with Rabbi Horowitz in Slonim. After four years of studying in Kelm, Rabbi Trop was appointed "rosh yeshiva" of the "Or HaChaim" yeshiva in Slabodka, by its founder, Rabbi Tzvi (Hirshel) Levitan.
Raduń.
In 1903, by invitation of the "Chofetz Chaim", Rabbi Trop replaced Rabbi Moshe Landinski as "rosh yeshiva" in Raduń, where he remained for the rest of his life. Among his students in Radin were Rabbis Dovid Leibowitz, Yechezkel Sarna and Yosef Shlomo Kahaneman. Rabbi Kahaneman studied for over five years in Raduń under Rabbi Trop.
Family.
Rabbi Trop's wife, Pesya Leah, contracted typhus and died in 1920. His oldest son, Avraham, also served as "rosh yeshiva" in Raduń until the outbreak of World War II. He immigrated to the United States, where he became "rosh yeshiva" of in New York, and was later "rosh yeshiva" of the Yeshiva of Karlin-Stolin. He settled in Israel a year before he died in 1978.
Rabbi Trop's second son, Reuven, immigrated to Palestine with the group of Slabodka students who founded the "Knesses Yisroel" yeshiva in Chevron and later headed the "yishuv" yeshiva. Rabbi Trop's oldest daughter, Toiba, married Rabbi Yehoshua Eizek Kaminetsky, also known as "Eizekel Kobriner", a student of Raduń. He and his family were murdered by the Nazis.
His second daughter, Feige, married Rabbi Boruch Yosef Feivelson, who succeeded Rabbi Trop as "rosh yeshiva" of Raduń, but died only four years after his appointment.
Works.
Rabbi Trop's works are now studied in yeshivas worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5992714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992714" title="Hunting dagger">
Hunting dagger

The hunting dagger ("German: Hirschfänger, or deer catcher") is a long double-edged German stabbing hunting knife, used to kill deer and boar. It was a weapon mainly used in the fancy hunts of the German nobility. This dagger developed from Medieval hunting swords which were longer and mainly used by mounted hunters. Today hunting daggers are occasionally used as parts of traditional German hunting uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="5992715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992715" title="Affirmation (song)">
Affirmation (song)

"Affirmation" is a song by Savage Garden, released as the fourth single from their second studio album of the same name. 
Background.
The lyrics are a series of statements each starting with "I believe", for instance: "I believe you can't control or choose your sexuality" and "I believe that trust is more important than monogamy". The song was first performed live at the Sydney Olympic Games Closing Ceremony in October 2000, with Darren wearing a T-shirt depicting the Aboriginal flag. The European music video is a collection of clips from the group's tour of Brisbane, entitled "Superstars and Cannonballs". The original Australian version of the music video comprises various pictures and footage from history. The single was most successful in the United Kingdom where it reached #8, becoming the duo's third top 10 hit. The song was performed by Joe McElderry on his Classic Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5992724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992724" title="Jason Windsor">
Jason Windsor

Jason David Windsor (born July 16, 1982, in San Bernardino, California) is a former professional baseball pitcher. A right-hander, he appeared in four games in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics in 2006.
High school career.
Windsor attended Leigh High School in San Jose, California. In 2000, he helped lead Leigh a to CCS Championship in a close win over St. Ignatius.
Amateur career.
Windsor is best known for winning the Most Outstanding Player award in the 2004 College World Series, pitching for the Cal State Fullerton Titans. The Titans upset Texas, with Windsor pitching a complete game 5-hitter to go along with 10 strikeouts in the final. He finished his senior season with a 13-4 record and a 1.72 ERA. He was drafted in the 3rd round, 97th overall, of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft.
Professional career.
Windsor appeared in just 13 games the rest of 2004, all in relief for Vancouver and Kane County. He got off to a promising start for Stockton in 2005, posting a 3.58 ERA in 10 starts. He was called up and did not fare well, putting up a 5.72 ERA in 11 starts for AA Midland. A shoulder injury shortened his season.
Windsor bounced back in 2006 going 4-1 with a 2.97 ERA for Midland, and was soon promoted to AAA Sacramento. The success continued as he had a perfect 8-0 record in 12 starts. A 12-1 record at the All-Star break was good enough to receive a promotion to the A's on July 17.
Windsor made his MLB debut on July 17, 2006 against the Baltimore Orioles. He pitched five innings, giving up three runs and failing to get a decision. He started again on July 25, but only lasted 2.2 innings, giving up four runs on nine hits and taking the loss, the only decision of his career. He was sent back to the minor leagues shortly thereafter, returning in September to make two more appearances.
Windsor returned to Sacramento in 2007, but appeared in only 10 games. He then missed most of the 2008 season while recovering from surgery to repair a torn labrum in his right shoulder. He participated in minor league camp with the A's in 2009, but was let go and never pitched professionally again.

</doc>
<doc id="5992725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992725" title="List of AFL Championship Game broadcasters">
List of AFL Championship Game broadcasters

The following is a list of the television networks and announcers that broadcast the American Football League Championship Game during its existence. (After 1969, the AFL merged with the National Football League.) Therefore, the American Football Conference Championship Game replaced the AFL Championship Game. 

</doc>
<doc id="5992729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992729" title="Mathias Fredriksson">
Mathias Fredriksson

Mathias Fredriksson (born February 11, 1973 in Uddevalla, Västra Götaland County) is a Swedish former cross country skier who has competed since 1993. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin. Fredriksson's best Olympic finish was at these same Olympics with a 10th in the 50 km event.
Fredriksson has won four medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships; two silvers (15 km and 4 x 10 km: both 2001) and two bronzes (4 x 10 km: 2003, 2007). He has 34 victories on the national, FIS, and World Cup levels at various distances since 1993. He won the World Cup in the 2002/2003 season.
Fredriksson has a brother, Thobias Fredriksson, at the same professional level. He is married to Emma Helena Nilsson.
In October 2008 he was sentenced to sixteen days in prison for breaking the speed limit at Dovrefjell in June the same year. Fredriksson retired at the end of the 2012 season. His last competition was the Åre Cross Country Open on April 14, 2012. 
References.
Fredriksson retires
Fredriksson to become full time dad

</doc>
<doc id="5992778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992778" title="William J. Field">
William J. Field

William James Field (22 May 1909 – 11 October 2002) was a British politician who found his career ruined by a conviction for "importuning for immoral purposes" in the 1950s. He was Labour Member of Parliament for Paddington North from 1946 to 1953.
Early life.
Field was the son of a solicitor and grew up in south-west London. He was educated at Richmond County School and went on from there to the University of London where he took an active part in student politics, opposing appeasement of Germany. On the outbreak of World War II, he enlisted in the Royal Army Service Corps and later served in the Intelligence Corps. At the end of the war, Field was demobilized swiftly as he had been selected as Labour Party candidate for Hampstead; in the Labour landslide election of 1945, Field reduced a Conservative majority of over 20,000 to 1,638.
Political career.
Later that year Field was elected to Hammersmith Borough Council. He swiftly became the dominant figure and was made council leader the following year. He was also selected to follow Sir Noel Mason-Macfarlane as Labour candidate for Paddington North following Mason-Macfarlane's resignation for ill-health reasons, and retained the seat. He improved his majority against the national trend in the 1950 general election, and was appointed as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Michael Stewart and John Strachey.
Disgrace.
In opposition after October 1951, Field was highly regarded and thought likely to be appointed as a Minister if a Labour government was formed. However, in 1953 he was spotted by a policeman acting suspiciously in public lavatories in the West End of London. The officer arrested him for "importuning for immoral purposes", an offence which meant seeking out homosexual partners. Field gave his occupation as merely "university graduate" and pleaded guilty, but when the press discovered his real job and reported the case, he changed his plea to not guilty.
Court fight.
However, Field was convicted on one charge and fined £15. He immediately appealed, with his defence led by the Conservative MP John Maude who was reported to have given his services free. Maude was a spirited advocate for his cause, accusing the policeman involved of having committed perjury. Unfortunately for Field, Maude could not persuade the Appeal Court and the conviction was upheld. Field then resigned his seat and disappeared from London. He declined to give his new address to "Who's Who".
Later life.
Field had actually moved to Fontmell Magna in Dorset. He followed his academic interest in Egyptology; he was a lecturer at the University of the Third Age until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5992790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992790" title="Mark Ferner">
Mark Ferner

Mark E. Ferner (born September 5, 1965 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
Selected 194th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft, Ferner also played for the Washington Capitals, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, and Detroit Red Wings, playing a total of 94 regular season games, scoring 3 goals and 10 assists for 13 points and collecting 51 penalty minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5992808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992808" title="Parkerian Hexad">
Parkerian Hexad

The Parkerian hexad is a set of six elements of information security proposed by Donn B. Parker in 1998. The Parkerian hexad adds three additional attributes to the three classic security attributes of the CIA triad (confidentiality, integrity, availability).
The Parkerian Hexad attributes are the following:
These attributes of information are atomic in that they are not broken down into further constituents; they are non-overlapping in that they refer to unique aspects of information. Any information security breach can be described as affecting one or more of these fundamental attributes of information.
Confidentiality.
Confidentiality refers to limits on who can get what kind of information. For example, executives concerned about protecting their enterprise’s strategic plans from competitors; individuals are concerned about unauthorized access to their financial records.
Possession or Control.
Possession or Control: Suppose a thief were to steal a sealed envelope containing a bank debit card and its personal identification number. Even if the thief did not open that envelope, it's reasonable for the victim to be concerned that the thief could do so at any time. That situation illustrates a loss of control or possession of information but does not involve the breach of confidentiality.
Integrity.
Integrity refers to being correct or consistent with the intended state of information. Any unauthorized modification of data, whether deliberate or accidental, is a breach of data integrity. For example, data stored on disk are expected to be stable – they are not supposed to be changed at random by problems with the disk controllers. Similarly, application programs are supposed to record information correctly and not introduce deviations from the intended values.
From Donn Parker: "My definition of information integrity comes from the dictionaries. Integrity means that the information is whole, sound, and unimpared (not necessarily correct). It means nothing is missing from the information it is complete and in intended good order." The author's statement comes close in saying that the information is in a correct...state. Information may be incorrect or not authentic but have integrity or correct and authentic but lacking in integrity.
Authenticity.
Authenticity refers to the veracity of the claim of origin or authorship of the information. For example, one method for verifying the authorship of a hand written document is to compare the handwriting characteristics of the document to a sampling of others which have already been verified. For electronic information, a digital signature could be used to verify the authorship of a digital document using public-key cryptography (could also be used to verify the integrity of the document).
Availability.
Availability means having timely access to information. For example, a disk crash or denial-of-service attacks both cause a breach of availability. Any delay that exceeds the expected service levels for a system can be described as a breach of availability.
Utility.
Utility means usefulness. For example, suppose someone encrypted data on disk to prevent unauthorized access or undetected modifications – and then lost the decryption key: that would be a breach of utility. The data would be confidential, controlled, integral, authentic, and available – they just wouldn’t be useful in that form. Similarly, conversion of salary data from one currency into an inappropriate currency would be a breach of utility, as would the storage of data in a format inappropriate for a specific computer architecture; e.g., EBCDIC instead of ASCII or 9-track magnetic tape instead of DVD-ROM. A tabular representation of data substituted for a graph could be described as a breach of utility if the substitution made it more difficult to interpret the data. Utility is often confused with availability because breaches such as those described in these examples may also require time to work around the change in data format or presentation. However, the concept of usefulness is distinct from that of availability.

</doc>
<doc id="5992814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992814" title="Uloborus">
Uloborus

Uloborus is a spider genus in the family Uloboridae with 72 described species. Most species occur in the tropics and subtropics, with only few species in northern America and Europe.
The chelicerae of these cribellate spiders are robust, but, as all Uloboridae, there are no venom glands. Eight small eyes are present.

</doc>
<doc id="5992815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992815" title="Provoost">
Provoost

Provoost is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5992826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992826" title="Reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada by Justice Major">
Reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada by Justice Major

This is a list of all the opinions written by John C. Major during his tenure as puisne justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5992831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992831" title="Flag of Denver">
Flag of Denver

The flag of the City and County of Denver, Colorado, was designed by North Denver high school student, Margaret Overbeck, and adopted in 1926. A zigzag white stripe horizontally separates a blue field above, in which is centered a yellow circle, from a red field below, together forming a stylized depiction of the sun in a blue sky above snow-capped mountains. The color yellow symbolizes gold in the state's hills, and red the colored earth to which the word "Colorado" refers. The circle's centered position symbolizes Denver's central location within the state. The white zigzag symbolizes Colorado's Native American heritage.
In a review by the North American Vexillological Association of 150 American city flags, the Denver city flag was ranked third best.
In heraldic vexillology, the flag is blazoned "Per fess dancetty of two azure and gules a fess dancetty of two argent in chief a bezant".

</doc>
<doc id="5992832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992832" title="Irene di Spilimbergo">
Irene di Spilimbergo

Irene di Spilimbergo (1540 - 15 December 1559) was a female Italian Renaissance painter.
Biography.
She is mostly known for an effusive volume of poetic elogies published two years after her death by Dionigio Atanagi and containing 279 Italian and 102 Latin poems, some anonymous, and others either penned or attributed to contemporary cultural figures including Lodovico Dolce, Torquato Tasso, Titian, Girolamo Muzio, Luigi Tanzillo, Giuseppe Bettusi, and Benedetto Varchi.
Born in Spilimbergo (in the Province of Pordenone), a small town about thirty kilometers northwest of Udine, by report she demonstrated her artistic abilities at a young age. She is compared sometimes with another woman painter, Sofonisba Anguissola (born in Cremona and of greater longevity (1532–1625). Irene studied under the Titian for two years. Few if any of her works are known. Her true nature and skills are difficult to sift from the poetic legend; she was for her eulogists the equivalent of the prototypic ever-innocent feminine charm, what "Beatrice" was to Dante and "Laura" to Petrarch, although girded with a paint-brush for the craft-oriented Renaissance.
She died in Venice at the age of 21.

</doc>
<doc id="5992871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5992871" title="Curly Sue">
Curly Sue

Curly Sue is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama film and starred Jim Belushi, Kelly Lynch and Alisan Porter as the titular character. It was the final film of director John Hughes and is also Steve Carell's film debut. Its music was composed by Georges Delerue, along with the end title song "You Never Know" performed by Ringo Starr. 
Plot.
Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the archetypal homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. After moving from Detroit to Chicago, the duo cons the rich and beautiful divorce lawyer Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, in hopes of a free meal. When Grey accidentally collides with Bill for real, she insists on putting the two up for the night, even over the objections of her snotty fiance Walker McCormick. After a confrontation with Bill exposing the truth of the con, Grey lets them stay for as long as they need to when she understands the precarious position the homeless pair are in. One night, Bill tells Grey that he's not Sue's father, he met Sue's mother one night in Florida. After Sue's mother died, Bill raised her himself, growing to love her like his own, thus when they lost their home and money, Bill couldn't find it in his heart to give Sue up and put her into an orphanage, so he took Sue with him. Grey, thinking Bill has been neglecting and abusing Sue by using her in his cons and scams, suggests Sue stay with her when he leaves, but this only angers Bill, who says that after all the years he's looked after her, if he gave up Sue now, people would make fun of her for being on welfare. He tells her that he is not neglecting or abusing Sue; he cares about Sue and his cons are to provide for Sue. As they get to know each other, Bill becomes convinced that this is where Curly Sue belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks. He strives to give her the life she deserves, altering his own life to meet those standards.
Release.
The film debuted at No. 2 at the box office and grossed $33,691,313 in the U.S. Warner Home Video released it on DVD on June 1, 2004 with commentary and an introduction by Alisan Porter as special features.
Reception.
The film received mostly negative reviews from critics. Leonard Maltin gave it one and a half stars out of four in his "Movie Guide", and called it "A John Hughes formula movie where the formula doesn't work". The staff of "Halliwell's Film Guide" called it "Gruesomely sentimental and manipulative". Nigel Andrews of the "Financial Times" declared, "John Hughes here graduates from the most successful comedy in film history to scripting and directing a large piece of non-biodegradable tosh." "Curly Sue" holds a 14% rating according to Rotten Tomatoes based on 14 reviews.

</doc>
