<doc id="5880594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880594" title="Melksham railway station">
Melksham railway station

Melksham railway station is a railway station serving the town of Melksham in Wiltshire, England. It is on the branch line from Chippenham to Trowbridge that was originally part of the Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth Railway, absorbed in 1850 by the Great Western Railway.
The station opened with the original section of the line between "Thingley Junction" and Westbury, on 5 September 1848. 
British Railways closed the station in 1966 but reopened it in 1985.
The station had a siding which gave access to the former Wiltshire United Dairies/United Dairies creamery, last owned by Co-operative Wholesale Society Dairies, allowing access for milk trains. After its closure the dairy was converted into an industrial estate.
Service.
, Melksham station was served by two trains a day each way, operated by First Great Western, compared with five each way per day before the December 2006 timetable change.
The Save The Melksham Train group campaign for improvements to the services on the line.
As noted above there were formerly two departures each way on weekdays and Saturdays from the station, but the Saturday service pattern was quite different from that during the week. There was also a single train each way on Sundays.
From the start of the December 2013 winter timetable, Melksham has a significantly improved service. Trains now run approximately every two hours each way Mon-Sat (with peak period extras - eight departures in total) and five trains each way on Sundays. Two weekday southbound services run through to .
Trains longer than one carriage cannot open all doors as the platform cannot accommodate them.
Save The Train.
The 'Save The Train' group was launched in 2005, to try and raise awareness that the services along the TransWilts Line were being cut down, as stated above to two trains per day (each way) only. They were concerned from the lack of train services linking local Wiltshire towns/city together. These are - , , Melksham, , and some services through to . Prior to the introduction of extra services in late 2013, 'Save the Train' members transferred to the community element of the TransWilts Community Rail Partnership.

</doc>
<doc id="5880598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880598" title="Wigwag">
Wigwag

Wigwag (wig wag, wig-wag) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880601" title="Spain national handball team">
Spain national handball team

The Spain national handball team is the national handball team of Spain. It is governed by the Royal Spanish Handball Federation. They are as of January 2013 the current reigning World Champions, having won the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Squad.
This is the squad for the 2014 European Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Manolo Cadenas

</doc>
<doc id="5880607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880607" title="Walter Suggs">
Walter Suggs

Walt Suggs was a college and professional American football player. An offensive and defensive lineman, he played college football at Mississippi State University, and played professionally in the American Football League for the Houston Oilers from 1962 through 1969, and for the National Football League Oilers in 1970 and 1971. Suggs played in 137 consecutive games. He played in the first pro football game played in the Houston Astrodome in 1967. He was an American Football League All-Star in 1967 and 1968. 
During his high school career he was an All-State All Conference tackle and played in the 1957 Mississippi High School All Star game.
While in college he played in the Senior Bowl (1962) and in the Blue Gray Game (1961).

</doc>
<doc id="5880610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880610" title="Jair da Rosa Pinto">
Jair da Rosa Pinto

Jair da Rosa Pinto (March 21, 1921 – July 28, 2005), or simply Jair, was an association footballer who played offensive midfielder – one of the leading Brazilian footballers of the 1940s and 50s, who is best remembered for his performance in Brazil's 1950 FIFA World Cup campaign. Usually playing as an inside-forward, Jair da Rosa was noted for his free-role style of play and was most known for his pace and technical ability.
History.
Pre-1950.
Born March 21, 1921 in Quatis, Rio de Janeiro, Jair started his career as a left winger at Madureira (in Rio) in 1938. He made his debut for the Brazil squad just two years later, on the March 5, 1940, in a 6–1 defeat by Argentina, though Jair did score the goal – the first of 24 he was to score for the Brazilian team.
The Brazilian team regularly featured Jair throughout the 1940s, as his club career led him first to Vasco da Gama, then to Flamengo – remaining in Rio. His greatest moment during this time, however, was in 1944, when he scored a hat-trick against Uruguay, in a friendly at São Paulo. Uruguay would come back to haunt him later, but Jair must have enjoyed playing them during the 1940s, as he scored two doubles against "La Celeste Olímpica" during 1946 and another in 1949 – the year Brazil won the Copa America with Jair scoring (again) two goals in the second leg of the final, a 7–0 victory against Paraguay.
1950.
It was the following year, 1950, that Jair’s talents became appreciated on the world stage, when FIFA held their World Cup tournament in Brazil. Along with Zizinho and Ademir, Jair helped to guide Brazil's team through the tournament with great success. They played with pace, flamboyant skills and were deadly in front of goal, winning friends the world over with their attacking play – scoring 22 goals in 6 World Cup games – before falling to Uruguay in a match that was, effectively, the World Cup Final – a game in which Jair hit the post during Brazil’s early domination, but could do nothing to stop Uruguay recovering from an early Friaca goal to triumph 2–1 and send the 200,000 fans in the Maracana Stadium, which had been built especially for the World Cup, home disappointed.
Football has always had special importance in Brazil, indeed, celebrated Brazilian writer Nelson Rodrigues was moved to say of the game “"Everywhere has its irremediable national catastrophe, something like a Hiroshima. Our catastrophe, our Hiroshima, was the defeat by Uruguay in 1950"” – it was a defeat so devastating that it led to the Brazilian national team changing their shirts to the famous yellow of today and even now is referred to as ‘The Defeat’ in Brazil.
Post-1950.
Jair was quoted later as saying “"I'll take that loss to my grave"”, and he was certainly given time to reflect on The Defeat, cast out of the national side until January 1956 – returning for a 2-game cameo before being replaced by other, bigger names – and moving around the clubs of São Paulo – with longer, more successful spells at Palmeiras and Santos FC than the São Paulo FC and Ponte Preta clubs he represented later in his career before he retired, in 1963, at the age of 42.
When his playing career was over, Jair coached a number of teams, including Santos, Palmeiras and his first club, Madureira and is given credit for, during his playing time at Santos helping to bring the greatest player of them all, Pelé, through into the Santos team.
Jair died of a lung infection on July 21, 2005 at the age of 84, in Rio de Janeiro. He made 49 appearances for the Brazilian national football team, scoring 24 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="5880616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880616" title="Laughable Loves">
Laughable Loves

Laughable Loves () is a collection of seven short stories written by Milan Kundera in which he presents his characteristic savage humour by mixing the extremes of tragedy with comic situations in (mostly romantic) relationships.
Stories.
The titles of the short stories are:
"Nobody Will Laugh"
"The Golden Apple of Eternal Desire"
"The Hitchhiking Game"
"Symposium"
"Let the Old Dead Make Room for the Young Dead"
"Dr. Havel After Twenty Years"
"Eduard and God"

</doc>
<doc id="5880624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880624" title="Paul Kalisch">
Paul Kalisch

Paul Kalisch (6 November 1855, Berlin - 27 January 1946, St. Lorenz, Upper Austria) was a German opera singer. He was the son of David Kalisch, a Jewish Christian writer, founder of the "Kladderadatsch".
Kalisch was destined for a career as an architect, but at a gathering at the home of his brother-in-law Paul Lindau, where Kalisch sang a few selections from Schubert and Wagner, his voice so impressed Pollini and Adelina Patti that they urged him to go on the stage. Shortly afterward Kalisch went to Italy to study under Leoni and Lamperti, and he made his debut at Varese in 1880 as Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor". After a most successful tour through Italy and Spain he sang in 1883 at the royal operas at Munich, Berlin, and Vienna, and at the "Stadttheater"s of Hamburg, Leipzig, and Cologne.
He stayed a short time in Germany, and then together with Lilli Lehmann, whom he later married, went to London, where he sang in "Tristan und Isolde" at Her Majesty's Theatre. From England Kalisch went to the United States, where he spent six winter seasons: four seasons at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, while for two seasons he toured the country together with Anton Seidl, singing in many of Wagner's operas. Upon his return to Europe he again toured Germany, and also sang at Vienna, Budapest, Paris, and London; but he achieved his greatest success at the Wiesbadener Festspiele, where he sang before the royal family. He was made "Kammersänger" by Duke Ernst of Saxe-Coburg. Kalisch's most successful rôles are The Prophet, Eleazar, Othello, Siegmund, Siegfried, Tannhäuser, and Tristan. Kalisch again appeared in "Tristan and Isolde" at Paris and Cologne in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="5880631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880631" title="Andrew Procter">
Andrew Procter

Andrew John Procter (born 13 March 1983) is an English footballer currently playing for Bury. He is an England C international.
The highlight of his career thus far came on 28 April 2007 in a crucial League 2 six-pointer with Macclesfield Town. Procter scored two goals in a 3–2 victory which secured Stanley's Football League status in their first season back after promotion from the Conference.
He is studying at the University of Salford on a part-time basis for a degree in Physiotherapy, a programme he decided to follow after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury in 2005.
Procter signed for Preston North End on 20 January 2012.
Procter signed a two year deal with League 2 side Bury on 1 July 2013

</doc>
<doc id="5880635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880635" title="Pierre Beaubien">
Pierre Beaubien

Pierre Beaubien (August 13, 1796 – January 9, 1881) was a physician and political figure in Canada East.
He was born in Baie-du-Febvre in 1796 and studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet and the Petit Séminaire de Montréal. He went to France, where he studied at the Académie de Paris and later became a doctor in 1822. He worked in France, returned to Lower Canada in 1827 and received his license to practice medicine there the following year. He served as doctor to the Sulpicians, as well as the Hôpital Général and Hôtel-Dieu in Montreal. Beaubien served on the city council for Montreal. He represented the city of Montreal in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada from 1843 to 1844 and represented Chambly from 1848 to 1849. In 1849, he resigned to become medical superintendent at the Montreal prison; he served in that post until his death. Beaubien also taught at the Montreal School of Medicine and Surgery, becoming president of the school in the 1860s and served as public health officer for the city of Montreal.
He died in Outremont in 1881. His son Louis served in the Canadian House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5880641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880641" title="Mateo Túnez">
Mateo Túnez

Mateo Túnez Grau (born 21 November 1989 in Navarrés, Valencia Spain) is a motorcycle road racer. He competed in the 125cc World Championship in and .

</doc>
<doc id="5880644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880644" title="Ludwig Kalisch">
Ludwig Kalisch

Ludwig Kalisch (7 September 1814, Lissa - 3 March 1882, Paris) was a Polish-German Jewish novelist.
When only twelve years of age he left his home and became successively pedler, merchant, and teacher. He saved enough money to carry him through matriculation and the study of medicine and, later, languages and literature in Heidelberg and Munich. Settling in Mainz in 1843, he became editor of the "Narrhalla" (1843–46). A participant in the revolution of 1848-49, he was forced to leave Germany. He went to Paris, in 1850 to London, and from 1851 onward lived in Paris.
Literary works.
Kalisch's forte was the humorous ballad. Many of his writings appeared in the "feuilletons" of the newspapers and in magazines.
Of those published separately may be mentioned:

</doc>
<doc id="5880651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880651" title="Air Crew Europe Star">
Air Crew Europe Star

The Air Crew Europe Star was a campaign medal of the British Commonwealth, awarded for service in World War II. Specifically, the medal was awarded to Commonwealth aircrew who participated in operational flights over Europe, from UK bases.
Two months operational flying was required between 3 September 1939 and 5 June 1944 in order to qualify. The 1939-1945 Star must have been earned before commencing qualifying service for the Air Crew Europe Star. From 6 June 1944 (D-Day), operational flying over Europe qualified aircrew for the France and Germany Star.
British uniform regulations stipulated that neither the Atlantic Star nor the France and Germany Star would be awarded to a recipient of the Air Crew Europe Star. Subsequent entitlement to the Atlantic Star or the France and Germany Star was denoted by the award of the appropriate clasp to the Air Crew Europe Star.
Description.
Clasps.
Regulations only allow one clasp to be worn with the Star. When the ribbon is worn alone a silver rosette ribbon emblem is worn to denote the award of a clasp.

</doc>
<doc id="5880652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880652" title="United States national handball team">
United States national handball team

The United States national handball team is the national handball team of United States and is controlled by the USA Team Handball. Due to disputes over funding, general lack of fiscal discipline, and accusations of incompetence, on February 14, 2006, the USOC revoked the governing duties of the sport from the United States Team Handball Federation but has since selected USA Team Handball as the new National Governing Body.[http://www.usoc.org/news/article/2067]

</doc>
<doc id="5880658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880658" title="King's Baptist Grammar School">
King's Baptist Grammar School

King's Baptist Grammar School is in Wynn Vale, a north eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia having moved from nearby Tea Tree Gully where it was known as "Tea Tree Gully Christian School".
History.
Construction of the Wynn Vale site began in November 1988, as part of the Golden Grove development. On 7 February 1989 King's opened on its Wynn Vale Campus with 300 students. The oval and library are shared with the government Keithcot Farm Primary School.
The school's most recent addition was a new science and performing arts building (completed at the end of 2004) including 4 specialist laboratories, 4 instrumental teaching rooms, a keyboard lab, and amphitheatre, amongst other things, as well as an extension to the Design and Technology building, dedicated to CAD.
Facilities.
The school's arts programs is a popular extra-curricular activity amongst students. The school has competed in the Rock Eisteddfod Challenge until 2003, after which it began producing and performing its own musical productions.

</doc>
<doc id="5880665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880665" title="Burma Star">
Burma Star

The Burma Star was a campaign medal of the British Commonwealth, awarded for service in World War II.
The medal was awarded for service in the Burma Campaign between 11 December 1941 and 2 September 1945. This medal was also awarded for certain specified service in China, Hong Kong, Malaya and Sumatra: 
Second World War service in China, Hong Kong, Malaya and Sumatra after 8 December 1941 but prior to the above start dates was recognised by the award of the Pacific Star.
British uniform regulations stipulated that the Pacific Star would not be awarded to a prior recipient of the Burma Star. Subsequent entitlement to the Pacific Star was denoted by the award of the Pacific clasp.
Entitlement to wear the Burma Star or the Burma Star clasp on the Pacific Star also enables the wearer to join the Burma Star Association.
Clasps.
When the ribbon is worn alone a silver rosette ribbon emblem is worn to denote the award of a clasp.

</doc>
<doc id="5880681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880681" title="Italy Star">
Italy Star

__NOTOC__
The Italy Star was a campaign medal of the British Commonwealth, awarded for service in World War II. 
The medal was awarded for operational service (on land) in Italy, Greece, Yugoslavia, Pantelleria, the Aegean area and Dodecanese Islands, and Elba at any time between 11 June 1943 and 8 May 1945. Other areas to qualify for the award are:
A total of 91,000 medals were issued to Canadians.
The Italy Star Association 1943–45 is a thriving body in the United Kingdom. The main reunion of the Association is in Chichester in May of each year, involving a service of Remembrance in Chichester Cathedral and a parade in the town. Members also take part in the march past the Cenotaph on Remembrance Day in London every year.
The motto of the Association is:
""When you walk in peaceful lanes so green—remember us—and think what might have been" We do remember them."
Description.
Clasps.
None authorised.

</doc>
<doc id="5880684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880684" title="Demosthenes's Funeral Oration">
Demosthenes's Funeral Oration

Demosthenes's Funeral Oration (Greek: ) was delivered between August and September of 338 BC, just after the Battle of Chaeronea. It constitutes along with the Erotic Essay the two epideictic orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator, which are still existent.
Historical background.
In 338 BC Philip II of Macedon defeated the smaller combined forces of Athens and Thebes, securing Macedonian hegemony in Greece. Philip was however indulgent towards Athens. He actually proposed a new peace treaty, whose the terms were quite favorable for the defeated party. Demosthenes prompted the fortification of Athens and was appointed by ecclesia to the duty of delivering over them the customary funeral speech, honoring the Athenians who died for their city. Although the Athenian statesman was the leader of the anti-Macedonian faction, his countrymen chose him for this honorable duty and not Demades or Aeschines, who were more pleasing to the King of Macedon. Demosthenes's selection to deliver this speech shows his political influence in Athens, despite the fact that his anti-Macedonian policy had resulted in the total defeat of his city.
Demosthenes was proud for this special honor and in "On the Crown" admonished Aeschines with the following words: 
The speech.
Content of the oration.
In the preamble the orator declares his intention not only to laud the bravery of those who lost their lives at the field of the battle but to mention as well the achievements of their ancestors (2). 
In the beginning of the main part of the speech, he underscores that the Athenians are acknowledged to be true gentlemen (7) and the indigenous children of this land (4). He then exposes the mythological history of his city (8-11) and links his speech with the deeds of those dead at the field of the battle (12). He praises their virtues and bravery (15). He maintained that the Athenians were the first to foresee the growing power of Macedon and demonstrated a sound judgment joined with public spirit (18). According to the orator, his countrymen have to thank the valor of these men, along with the folly of their opponents, that Philip did not set foot upon our land (20). After all, Demosthenes regards as responsible for the defeat those of the Thebans who were appointed to the command (22), while he believes that the freedom of the whole Greek world was being preserved in the souls of these men (23). In the next paragraphs, the orator links the virtue of these men with the form of the Athenian government (25). For shame at the thought of subsequent reproaches, they manfully faced the threat arising from our foes and chose a noble death in preference to life and disgrace (26). According to the orator, it is impossible for those who commit a shameful act to appease all the citizens (26). Demosthenes then mentions in detail the role of the Athenian tribes, which nursed these brave men (27). He then points out that the living kinsmen of these dead deserve their sympathy and respect (32). Thereby, the children of these men shall be reared in honor and their parents shall enjoy distinction (33). The orator declares those dead be now seated beside the gods below, possessing the same rank as the brave men who have preceded them in the islands of the blest (34). 
In the epilogue, Demosthenes asserts that it is a grievous thing for fathers and mothers to be deprived of their children and in their old age to lack the care of those who are nearest and dearest to them, but it is a proud privilege to behold them possessors of deathless honors and a memorial of their valor erected by the State, and deemed deserving of sacrifices and games for all future time (36). The orator closes his speech telling that it is painful for children to be orphaned of a father, but it is a beautiful thing to be the heir of a father's fame (37). As for Demosthenes himself, it has not been my concern how I might make a long speech, but how I might speak the truth (37).
Authorship of the speech.
Dionysius of Halicarnassus questioned the authorship of the speech and asserted that the style of the oration is unworthy of Demosthenes. Dionysius's opinion was supported by modern scholars, including Friedrich August Wolf. The prominent Greek scholar Ioannis Sykoutris strove to prove that the speech is a genuine work of the Athenian statesman. Another prominent Greek scholar, Ioannis Kalitsounakis, supported Sykoutris's argumentation, insisting on the orator's psychology when delivering the speech.

</doc>
<doc id="5880685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880685" title="HMS Rupert (1872)">
HMS Rupert (1872)

HMS "Rupert" was a battleship of the Victorian Royal Navy, whose principal weapon was designed to be her ram.
Design.
She was similar in design to , but unlike her carried a revolving turret similar to that carried in . For reasons not recorded, it would appear that the belief prevalent at the time of the design of "Hotspur" that a ramming attack would damage the turret mechanism no longer held sway when "Rupert" was proposed.
As was "Hotspur", she was designed at time, shortly after the 1866 battle of Lissa, when it was believed that ramming attacks would, in the event of naval conflict, be the most effective form of offensive action. Artillery power was therefore given second priority to handiness and to frontal armour, including a prolongation of the belt armour to reinforce the ram. She carried two guns in her single turret, as against the single piece in "Hotspur", but there was no intention or expectation of achieving all-round fire. The guns would bear from the bow to just abaft the beam on either side, except for the obstruction of the foremast and associated shrouds.
The ship was fitted with a fore-and-aft rig on her two masts, which had been designed to allow progress in the event of engine failure. Her sail effort was, however, described by her first Captain as "not worth the inconvenience of keeping them up".
As the ram had only been seen to be effective against stationary targets, as at the battle of Lissa, and against friendly ships in the course of accidental collision, the high reputation it enjoyed is wholly understandable. A report by Capt. W.E. Gordon, submitted to the Board of Admiralty in February 1878 and referring to "Rupert" says: "she is a comparatively simple weapon within the capacity of an ordinary man to make the best use of, whereas the Captain of the or in action would be like a man armed with sword, rapier, rifle and pistol, trying to use them all at the same time. No man's faculties are equal to making the "best use" of such complicated machines." The unattributed comments to this report include the phrase "good in theory but not practicable supposing enemy has 14-15 knots and "Rupert" 11-12".
Unlike every other battleship, "Rupert" did not have a centre-line conning tower. Uniquely, she possessed two armoured pilot towers, one on either side just abaft the waist. These gave a good view on the beam, but very limited view over the bow, and her first captain described them as ""almost useless".
Service history.
She was commissioned at Devonport Dockyard for the Mediterranean, and served there from 1876 to 1880. She was thereafter held in reserve at Portsmouth until being assigned to service in the Particular Service Squadron during the Russian war scare of April to August; 1885. She was then assigned as guard ship at Hull until 1890. After reconstruction and re-armament between 1891 and 1893 she was guardship at Pembroke until 1895. She was port guard ship at Gibraltar from 1895, then at Port Said until 1902, in Fleet Reserve until 1904, and finally guard ship at Bermuda until her sale there in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="5880688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880688" title="Opéra bouffon">
Opéra bouffon

Opéra bouffon is the French term for the Italian genre of opera called opera buffa performed in 18th-century France, either in the original language or in French translation. The term was also used by Offenbach for three of his works: "Orphée aux enfers", "Le roman comique" and "Le voyage de MM Dunanan père et fils".
The term is sometimes confused with the French opéra comique.

</doc>
<doc id="5880689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880689" title="France and Germany Star">
France and Germany Star

__NOTOC__
The France and Germany Star was a campaign medal of the British Commonwealth, awarded for service in World War II.
The medal was awarded for operational service in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and Germany from 6 June 1944 (D-Day) to 8 May 1945. The qualifying sea area is the North Sea south of a line from the Firth of Forth to Kristiansand (South), in the English Channel and in the Bay of Biscay east of longitude 6° west, provided such service was directly in support of land operations in France, Belgium, the Netherlands or Germany.
British uniform regulations stipulated that neither the Atlantic Star nor the Air Crew Europe Star would be awarded to a recipient of the France and Germany Star. Subsequent entitlement to the Atlantic Star was denoted by the award of the Atlantic clasp. A clasp for the Air Crew Europe Star was not issued as that Star could not be earned after 5 June 1944.
Army personnel who entered Austria may not qualify for this award, as their service is recognised by the grant of the Italy Star.
Description.
Clasps.
When the ribbon is worn alone a silver rosette ribbon emblem is worn to denote the award of a clasp.

</doc>
<doc id="5880696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880696" title="New York Athletic Club RFC">
New York Athletic Club RFC

The New York Athletic Club Rugby Football Club is a SuperLeague rugby union team based in New York City. As the team name suggests, NYAC RFC is affiliated with the New York Athletic Club.
Sponsorship.
The SuperLeague's primary sponsor is Michelob Amber Bock and as such, each individual team receives a portion of those revenues. In addition to Amber Bock, the Winged Foot have individual sponsorships. These consist of several secondary sponsorships from local and regional businesses.
Notable players and coaches.
NYAC was coached by Mike Tolkin from 2000-2011, who now coaches the United States national rugby team.
Former coach Bruce Mclane is a regular contributor to Ruggermatrix and current head coach of Iona College
Co head coach Matthew Persanis is founder of Pelham youth rugby and long time captain of Manhattan Rugby Club and New York/ Manhattan Rugby Club
USA Eagles.
Past Eagles and Current.
+Toby lestrange
+Chris chapman
+Tom coolican
+Troy hall
+Derek asbun

</doc>
<doc id="5880700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880700" title="Repeat-accumulate code">
Repeat-accumulate code

In computer science, repeat-accumulate codes (RA codes) are a low complexity class of error-correcting codes. They were devised so that their ensemble weight distributions are easy to derive. RA codes were introduced by Divsalar "et al."
In an RA code, an information block of length formula_1 is repeated formula_2 times, scrambled by an interleaver of size formula_3, and then encoded by a rate 1 accumulator. The accumulator can be viewed as a truncated rate 1 recursive convolutional encoder with transfer function formula_4, but Divsalar "et al." prefer to think of it as a block code whose input block formula_5 and output block formula_6 are related by the formula formula_7 and formula_8 for formula_9. The encoding time for RA codes is linear and their rate is formula_10. They are nonsystematic.

</doc>
<doc id="5880701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880701" title="Alpha-Mannosidase">
Alpha-Mannosidase

alpha-Mannosidase (, "alpha-D-mannosidase", "p-nitrophenyl-alpha-mannosidase", "alpha-D-mannopyranosidase", "1,2-alpha-mannosidase", "1,2-alpha-D-mannosidase", "exo-alpha-mannosidase") is an enzyme involved in the cleavage of the alpha form of mannose. Its system name is "alpha-D-mannoside mannohydrolase".
Isozymes.
Humans express the following three alpha-mannosidase isozymes:
Applications.
It can be utilized in experiments that determine the effects of the presence or absence of mannose on specific molecules, such as recombinant proteins that are used in vaccine development.
Pathology.
A deficiency can lead to alpha-mannosidosis.

</doc>
<doc id="5880713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880713" title="Romuald Boco">
Romuald Boco

Romuald Boco (born 8 July 1985) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder currently a Free Agent after being released by Plymouth Argyle. He has played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley and Burton Albion. Boco has represented Benin at full international level.
Career.
Accrington Stanley.
Born in Bernay, Eure, Boco signed for Accrington Stanley just before the 2005 transfer deadline from Niort. Boco had the honour of scoring the first two Football League goals for Stanley, in a 2–1 win against Barnet. He instantly became a favourite among the fans who stated they were "loco for Boco.".
After returning from the 2008 African Cup of Nations, he requested his contract be terminated.
Sligo Rovers.
On 11 February 2008, he signed for Sligo Rovers of the League of Ireland Premier Division.
His new manager Paul Cook, who he previously played with at Accrington Stanley, was happy with his latest signing ahead of his teams new campaign, "I didn't think I'd get him, I thought that he would be out of our reach but, thankfully we have secured him," said Cook.
"I don't want to put pressure on him, but I'm certain that the fans will see that he is the real deal and with the other signings we've made, I believe that we're in for a very exciting season."
He scored his first league goal for Sligo Rovers in a 3–1 win over Cobh Ramblers.
He helped Rovers to qualification for the UEFA Europa League, formerly known as the UEFA Cup.
On 7 June 2009, he expressed concern at the financial situation within the League of Ireland in an interview with the BBC. Boco left Sligo when his contract expired at the end of the 2009 season.
Boco was on trial with Doncaster Rovers in a bid to earn a contract with the championship club, however nothing materialised and he then went on trial with Football League Two side Burton Albion after his contract with Sligo Rovers ran out and he decided not to sign a new one.
Burton Albion.
Boco joined Burton Albion on a deal until the end of the season on 24 February 2010.
Sligo Rovers.
Boco rejoined Sligo Rovers on 30 July 2010 signing a contract which will expire by the end of the 2010 season. He played a major part in helping Rovers win the 2010 FAI Ford Cup after being changed position a right or left winger. When he first signed for Sligo Rovers he was a striker that was sometimes used as a centre midfielder and then changed to right-back. on 23 November, Paul Cook admitted that it's doubtful Boco will signed a new contract after turning down the clubs "final" offer.
Despite talks of the club and Boco agreeing terms, on February the 23rd 2011, Paul Cook, announced that Boco would not be returning to the Showgrounds for the upcoming season.
Boco then went on to join Shanghai East Asia on a deal until the end of the season. After a promising first season in China, Boco rejoined Sligo Rovers on 19 December 2011 after talks with Paul Cook. 
The move would be his third spell for the Bit o' Red.
After consistently impressing during the Bit o' Red's pre-season fixtures, Boco scored his first goal back in the red of Sligo during the teams 2–0 win over Glentoran in the Setanta Cup Quarter Final first leg.
On 31 August 2012, it was announced Boco had re-joined former club Accrington Stanley on a one-year deal.
Accrington Stanley.
He made a good start to his second stint at the Crown Ground, scoring vital goals in order to keep Stanley's League status. He has built a reputation for his tireless work rate and running. He has the perfect start to his second stint at Accrington scoring his first goal away to Cheltenham Town in September. Two more goals followed away to Chesterfield, Rochdale, Barnet, Fleetwood Town, Bradford City, Chesterfield again and Rochdale again. He is currently the top scorer for Accrington during this season. 
He has once again become a firm fan favorite with his work rate and has been nominated for player of the year award. 
Plymouth Argyle.
Boco signed a one-year contract with Plymouth Argyle in July 2013, and made his debut in the club's first game of the new season at Southend United.
International career.
Boco was part of the Beninese 2004 African Nations Cup team, who finished bottom of their group in the first round of competition.
Boco and Benin finished third in 2005 African Youth Championship. The Under-20's went on to challenge in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Boco captained Benin in the 2008 African Nations Cup in what was only the country's second time qualifying for the competition, and was part of the Beninese 2010 African Nations Cup team. He is also the captain of the national team and is commonly known as the "King of Benin".
Honours.
Accrington Stanley
Sligo Rovers
Career statistics.
Club.
"Correct as of 7 November 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="5880716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880716" title="Pablo Nieto">
Pablo Nieto

Pablo Nieto Aguilar (born 4 June 1980 in Madrid, Community of Madrid) is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer currently involved in team management. He is the son of the legendary Spanish motorcycle racer Ángel Nieto, and cousin of Fonsi Nieto. He started to race professionally in 1998, and spent his career in the 125cc class. Following the race at Valencia in 2008 he announced his retirement from racing, to move to a managerial position of the Onde 2000 MotoGP team with Sete Gibernau in 2009 as the team's only rider.

</doc>
<doc id="5880730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880730" title="Sorabe alphabet">
Sorabe alphabet

Sorabe, or Sora-be, is an alphabet based on Arabic used to transcribe the Malagasy language (belonging to the Malayo-Polynesian language family) and the Antemoro Malagasy dialect in particular dating from the 15th century.
Researchers are still hypothesizing about the origins of this transcription system. "Sorabe" means literally "large writings" from Arabic "sura" (writing) and Malagasy "be" (large). This denomination might point to the existence of a previous writing system with smaller characters of Sanskrit origin used in South East Asia as it is evidenced in some Malagasy words.
Traditionally, a large number of researchers have speculated about the fact that this writing system was introduced through commercial contacts of Malagasy with Arab Muslims. However, more studies claim that this writing scheme might have been possibly introduced by Javanese Muslims. There are striking similarities between "Sorabe" and "Pegon" writings (the Javanese version of Arabic script). 
A couple hundred old manuscripts have survived to this day though the oldest may have been written no earlier than the 17th century. Those "Sorabe" are bound in leather and the texts are named after the colour of the skin. Most of the texts contain magical formulas but there are also some historical texts concerning the origin of some of the tribes of the south east of Madagascar. These origins are traced to Mecca or the Prophet Mohammed even though the practice of Islam is nowhere seen in the texts.
Sorabe eventually spread across the island beginning in the 17th century and, at the end of 18th century, the Merina king Andrianampoinimerina called for Antemoro scribes to teach the children of his court to read and write. This is how the future king Radama I could read and write sorabe from his childhood.

</doc>
<doc id="5880742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880742" title="UNIR">
UNIR

UNIR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880752" title="Almen strip">
Almen strip

An Almen strip is a thin strip of SAE 1070 steel used to quantify the intensity of a shot peening process.
Developed and patented by John O. Almen, the strip was originally supported by 2 knife edges; later improvements see it being supported on 4 small balls. The strip is placed in the chamber in place of the item to be shot peened, usually near to an area of the item where the result is deemed critical, sometimes located by a special fixture. Compressive stress introduced by the peening operation causes the strip to deform into an arch, which is measured using a gauge.
Almen strips are classified into 3 types: 'A', 'N', and 'C'. They differ in their thickness, while they have the same width and length. 
Although similar, the specification for Almen strip dimensions of the same type slightly vary from one company/organization to another. The Almen strips are made from plain carbon steel SAE 1070 and have hardness about 45 HRC. 
This test is widely used and the requirements for check are specified in standards. 
The most rigid requirements are applicable for Almen strips and checking devices (Almen gauges) used in the aerospace industry. The generic requirements can be found in SAE specifications.
Another operation to gauge the intensity of a shot peening process is the use of an Almen round, developed by R. Bosshard.

</doc>
<doc id="5880771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880771" title="Marcia Theophilo">
Marcia Theophilo

Marcia Theophilo (born 1941 in Fortaleza) is a Brazilian poet. She studied in Rio de Janeiro, San Paulo and Rome, where she graduated in anthropology. She has lived and worked in Rome since 1971. She's a bilingual poet; her books can be found in Portuguese, Italian and English.
Marcia Theophilo has published short stories, essays, and eleven books of poetry. These books include "I bambini giaguaro/Os meninos jaguar", which won the Fregene Prize, "Kupahuba Albero dello Spirito Santo", and "Amazonia Respiro Del Mondo". The Amazon rainforest is the topic of Marcia's life and work: its river, people, myths, the animal and plant life, and the effort and persistence to save The Amazon's natural and cultural heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="5880779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880779" title="Cinnamon (comics)">
Cinnamon (comics)

Cinnamon is the name of two Western characters in DC Comics, one inhabiting the wild west, the other living in the modern era. The character first appeared in "Weird Western Tales" #48 (September-October 1978). The script was written by Roger McKenzie, with artwork by Jack Abel (pencils) and Danny Bulanadi (inks).
Fictional character biography.
Cinnamon is really Katherine "Kate" Manser, the daughter of a sheriff in a small Western town. After her father is killed by bank robbers, she is sent to an orphanage where she secretly trains herself in gunfighting. Upon leaving the orphanage, she becomes a bounty hunter in order to search for her father's killers. As well as being a crack shot, Cinnamon uses her father's sheriff badge as a shuriken.
In the third series of "Hawkman", it is revealed that Cinnamon is a reincarnation of the Egyptian princess Chay-Ara. As such, she becomes the lover of Prince Khufu's reincarnation, the hero Nighthawk. When Cinnamon is assaulted by the burglar "Gentleman Jim" Craddock, Nighthawk hangs him up, thereby tying his destiny to theirs. Cinnamon, along with Nighthawk, is killed by Matilda Dunney Roderic, presumably the latest incarnation of their eternal enemy Hath-Set.
A billboard in "Wonder Woman" #175 (which featured as many of DC's heroines as possible) advertises a musical entitled "Cinnamon Get Your Gun", parodying "Annie Get Your Gun".
The Silver-Age Cinnamon appeared in "Weird Western Tales" #48-49, and "Justice League of America" #198-199.
Modern Cinnamon.
A modern-day version of the character is introduced in the miniseries "Cinnamon: El Ciclo" (2003), named by her parents after the historical gunslinger Cinnamon. Like the original, her father is a sheriff who is shot by bank robbers, leading her to seek revenge on the killers and become a bounty hunter.
She is seen in the Infinite Crisis special "Villains United" being contacted by J'onn J'onzz the Martian Manhunter. She is one of many recruited to fight various supervillain prison escapes. One page later, she is seen lying on the ground, unconscious, with a cut on her forehead.
Cinnamon does not appear again until "Checkmate" #24, where she is revealed as one of the organization's "Rooks."
New 52.
Cinnamon appears in All Star Western in both its backups and in the main Jonah Hex story. Kate's father, a sheriff, was killed by the Robinson gang and she was sent to an orphanage, which she promptly ran away from. She was found by Ichi, a wandering Samurai, who taught her for three years before mysteriously disappearing. Kate ended up teaming up with Nighthawk after that. Cinnamon wears an Indian Medallion which grants her enhanced strength and healing abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5880781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880781" title="Retinoic acid receptor">
Retinoic acid receptor

The retinoic acid receptor (RAR) is a type of nuclear receptor which can also act as a transcription factor that is activated by both all-trans retinoic acid and 9-cis retinoic acid. There are three retinoic acid receptors (RAR), RAR-alpha, RAR-beta, and RAR-gamma, encoded by the , , genes, respectively. Each receptor isoform has several splice variants: two- for alpha, four- for beta, and two- for gamma. 
As with other type II nuclear receptors, RAR heterodimerizes with RXR and in the absence of ligand, the RAR/RXR dimer binds to hormone response elements known as retinoic acid response elements (RAREs) complexed with corepressor protein. Binding of agonist ligands to RAR results in dissociation of corepressor and recruitment of coactivator protein that, in turn, promotes transcription of the downstream target gene into mRNA and eventually protein.

</doc>
<doc id="5880784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880784" title="Movita Castaneda">
Movita Castaneda

Maria "Movita" Castaneda (born December 4, 1917) is an American actress best known for being the second wife of actor Marlon Brando. She was six years older than Brando. In films, she played exotic women/singers, such as in "Flying Down to Rio" (1933) and "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1935), of which she is the last surviving cast member. She is the mother of Miko Castaneda Brando (b. 1961) and Rebecca Brando Kotlizky (b. 1966).
__TOC__
Life and work.
Movita, a Mexican American, was born in Nogales, Arizona, on a train travelling between Mexico and Arizona. Movita began her acting career singing the Carioca to Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire's first dance number in the first film in which the famous duo appeared together, "Flying Down to Rio" (1933). She continued playing exotic women in American and Spanish language films in the 1930s, most notably as a Tahitian girl, Tehanni in "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1935) alongside Clark Gable and Franchot Tone. She played another island girl in "Paradise Isle" (1937), and starred in two films alongside John Carroll, "Rose of the Rio Grande" (1938) and "Wolf Call" (1939), and then in "Girl from Rio" (1939) with Warren Hull. She starred in the British thriller "Tower of Terror" (1941) alongside Wilfrid Lawson and Michael Rennie. After a break, she appeared as Henry Fonda's cook in "Fort Apache" (1948), then starred with Tim Holt in two further westerns: "The Mysterious Desperado" (1949), and "Saddle Legion" (1951). 
In the early 1940s, Movita married the Irish boxer, singer and actor Jack Doyle (known as the Gorgeous Gael). Doyle was noted for disappearing on drinking bouts and lost several important fights while drunk. The marriage did not last long.
After appearing in a few more minor westerns and a few TV parts, she met the actor Marlon Brando in the late 1950s, after his breakup with Anna Kashfi. She had two children with Brando: Miko Brando and Rebecca Brando. Brando played the role of Fletcher Christian in the 1962 remake of the 1935 film in which Movita had played a Tahitian girl, Tehanni. Brando then married his co-star Tarita Teriipaia, who played Christian's Tahitian wife Maimiti in the film, with whom he also had two children. After a small TV role in 1977, Movita appeared as Ana in 17 episodes of "Knots Landing" from October 1987 to May 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5880789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880789" title="Sergio Gadea">
Sergio Gadea

Sergio Gadea Panisello (born 30 December 1984 in Puçol, Valencian Community) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He currently races in the Moto2 class of the Motorcycle World championship. He started to run professionally in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5880795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880795" title="Andrew Mangan">
Andrew Mangan

Andrew Francis Mangan (born 30 August 1986) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Forest Green Rovers.
Career.
Blackpool.
Born in Liverpool, Mangan began his career with Blackpool at the age of 15. He was with the club for three years, scoring 49 goals in reserve and youth team football. Mangan made his professional debut at the age of 17 in a 1–0 defeat to Chesterfield on 24 April 2004. He made just one further professional appearance at Blackpool under Steve MacMahon's management and his replacement, Colin Hendry, loaned Mangan to Northern Premier League Premier Division side Hyde United. He scored two goals in seven appearances, helping the club to secure the league title. Mangan was released by Blackpool at the end of the 2004–05 season. 
Accrington Stanley.
Mangan was heavily linked with a return to Hyde the following season, but he rejected them in favour of a full-time contract with Conference Premier side Accrington Stanley, after impressing during the club's pre-season schedule. After making his debut in a 1–0 win over Canvey Island on 13 August 2005, Mangan scored his first goal for the club in his third appearance during a 3–1 defeat to Cambridge United. In his first full season, Mangan played in 45 league and cup games, scoring ten goals, and was primarily used as a substitute. His goals helped Accrington gain promotion to The Football League at the end of the 2005–06 season; the first time the club had achieved this in 50 years. In his second year at the club, Mangan became frustrated with his lack of starts. From his 38 total appearances, of which only five were made in the starting XI, he scored six goals. At the end of the 2006–07 season, Mangan was offered a two-year deal by Accrington, but rejected it in favour of League Two side Bury, having appeared in a pre-season friendly for the club against Everton.
Bury.
At Bury, Mangan scored his first goal on 7 September 2007 with a header against Chesterfield, with five more goals coming before Christmas. He was injured at the beginning of December 2007 with a suspected hernia problem and later underwent surgery, restricting him to just six appearances in the rest of the season as he struggled to regain fitness. He made a total of 26 appearances in all competitions while with Bury. Following the sacking of Bury manager Chris Casper, Mangan was allowed to return to Accrington Stanley by his replacement Alan Knill on a one-month loan deal, scoring one goal in seven appearances. Mangan was released by Bury towards the end of the 2007–08 season.
Forest Green Rovers.
In the summer of 2008, Mangan signed for Forest Green Rovers in the Conference Premier. It was at Forest Green that Mangan's goalscoring reputation began to form; his first season saw him finish as the league's top scorer with 26 goals in 41 games. Including cup competitions, Mangan made 49 appearances for the club, scoring 30 goals. These included hat-tricks against Torquay United, Lewes and Rushden & Diamonds. Mangan was voted player of the year by the Directors of Forest Green Rovers.
Betting scandal.
On 7 April 2009, one year after leaving Bury, Mangan was named as one of five players charged by the Football Association for breaching betting rules, whereby players, managers or coaching staff are prohibited from betting on the result or progress of any match or competition in which the participant is participating or has any direct or indirect influence. According to the BBC, the charge relates to a match between Bury and Accrington Stanley, before which Mangan is alleged to have placed stakes to the value of approximately £3,500. The Football Association subsequently fined Mangan £2,000 and banned him from playing for five months.
Wrexham.
On 20 January 2009, Mangan completed a move to Wrexham for an undisclosed fee, making his debut on 23 January in a 1–0 victory over Wimbledon, before scoring his first goal seven days later in his third appearance during a 3–1 over Altrincham. Mangan then scored his first home goal for Wrexham in a 2–1 victory over Mansfield Town. He ended the 2009–10 season with nine goals, the club's joint top scorer in a campaign which saw the side finish 11th. Mangan started the next season in an unfamiliar left-wing position; despite this he still finished as the club's top scorer with 16 league goals, helping them to the play-offs, where they lost to Luton Town.
Fleetwood Town.
On 1 June 2011, he signed for Conference Premier side Fleetwood Town. It was announced on 7 May 2013, that Fleetwood would not be offering the striker a new contract, and would therefore be released.
Forest Green Rovers (second spell).
On 16 May 2013, Mangan returned to former club Forest Green Rovers on a three-year contract. He made his second debut for the club on 7 September 2013 in a draw with Braintree Town. On 5 February 2014, several months after he had been suspended by the club in October 2013, he had his contract terminated. Mangan appealed against his dismissal from the club, meaning that he remained registered as a Forest Green player until the outcome of the appeal, and he subsequently joined Conference Premier leaders Luton Town on loan for the rest of the 2013–14 season on 1 April 2014.
In June 2014, it was announced that Mangan had won his appeal against Forest Green and had returned to the club under his previous contract as a player.

</doc>
<doc id="5880799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880799" title="Ferrari F1-2000">
Ferrari F1-2000

The Ferrari F1-2000 was a Formula One racing car designed by Rory Byrne for the 2000 Formula One season. The car was a direct development of the F300 and F399 from the previous two seasons, using the same basic gearbox and a new engine with a wider V-angle (90 degrees vs 75 degrees in the 048 engine). This new wider angle improved and lowered the centre of gravity of the car. It also featured improved aerodynamics, which put it on par with that year's McLaren MP4/15.
Michael Schumacher drove the F1-2000 to his third World Drivers' Title and Ferrari's first for 21 years. It also defended Ferrari's constructors' crown, and signified the start of the team's dominance throughout the first half of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="5880801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880801" title="Tino Lettieri">
Tino Lettieri

Martino "Tino" Lettieri (born 27 September 1957) is a former NASL and MISL professional soccer goalkeeper, who represented Canada twice at the Summer Olympics: 1976 and 1984 and the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Playing career.
Raised in Canada, Lettieri began his pro career with the Minnesota Kicks in 1977 and played there until 1981. He went on to play the Vancouver Whitecaps in '82 and '83 and the Minnesota Strikers in '84. He was named NASL North American Player of the Year in 1983 and had the league's best Goals Against Average in both '82 and '83.
Lettieri was a regular in the original MISL. He continued to play for the Strikers as the team joined the indoor league, playing the 1984-85 season through to 1987-88. Lettieri was voted Goalkeeper of the Year for the 1986-87 season.
Lettieri finished his outdoor career in 1987 with the Hamilton Steelers in Canadian Soccer League. He was elected to the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame in 2001.
Lettieri is often remembered for his keeping a stuffed parrot in the back of his net during games. The bird was named "Ozzie". In 1985 the league banned Ozzie from the nets.
Personal life.
Tino married the daughter of North Star player and General Manager, Lou Nanne. Lettieri now runs a successful food products business, Tino's Cafe Pizzeria, out of Shorewood, Minnesota.
National career.
Lettieri earned 24 caps for Canada and was their first-choice goalie from 1980 until the 1986 FIFA World Cup, where he played two of Canada's three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="5880816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880816" title="Gajdobra">
Gajdobra

Gajdobra () is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. Gajdobra has a total population of 2,968 inhabitants (2002 census). Most of the inhabitants of the village are ethnic Serbs.
History.
According to the archeologists, people have lived here since Neolithic period. During the Middle Ages Gajdobra was important because of a route which connected the village with Bač. In 1464, settlement called Dobra is mentioned where Gajdobra is today. Name "Dobra" is of Slavic origin and means "the good (place)". The same village was mentioned in 1554 (at the same time village Gajdobra was also mentioned, but it had only 2 families living in the village) and in 1570. Two other villages are also mentioned in the 16th century, Gornja Dobra (Upper Dobra) and Donja Dobra (Lower Dobra). All these villages were populated by ethnic Serbs. In 1698 village had no people living there at all. In 1702, Serbs started settling in Gajdobra again.
In 1763, Germans settled in Gajdobra. A small church was built in 1767. Roman Catholic church was built in 1791, and it still exists today (It was reconstructed in 1897).
Demographics.
1991.
According to the 1991 census, Gajdobra had a total population of 3,171 inhabitants, including:
2002.
According to the 2002 census, Gajdobra had a total population of 2,968 inhabitants, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5880831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880831" title="Alfred Portale">
Alfred Portale

Alfred Portale (born July 5, 1954 in Buffalo, NY) is an American chef, author and restaurateur known as a pioneer in the New American cuisine movement.
Restaurants.
After graduating top of his class from the Culinary Institute of America in 1981, Portale became the chef at Gotham Bar and Grill in 1985 and took it to new heights with his beautiful plating and insistence on high quality ingredients. 
Portale's first sous-chef at Gotham was Tom Valenti, while other notable chefs who have worked under Chef Portale include Bill Telepan, Wylie Dufresne, Tom Colicchio, Christopher Lee, and Jason Hall. The current chef de cuisine of Gotham Bar and Grill is Livio Velardo. 
In October 2008, Portale opened Gotham Steak at the Fountainebleau Miami in Miami, Florida and has since stated in relation to the opening and the current economy that, "You don’t want to open a molecular cuisine place now, but I would open a steakhouse again in another city, even in this climate".
Publishing and Television.
Portale is the author of three cookbooks in collaboration with others and alone: "Gotham Bar and Grill Cookbook "(1997), and "Twelve Seasons Cookbook : A Month-by-Month Guide to the Best There is to Eat " (2000) and "Simple Pleasures : Home Cooking from the Gotham Bar and Grill's Acclaimed Chef " (2004).
He has also made television appearances, most notably as a guest judge on the episode of Top Chef originally broadcast on June 27, 2007 and as a featured chef with Julia Child in her PBS series “Cooking with Master Chefs” on December 16, 1995.
Cookbooks.
Cooking by the Book – Alfred Portale

</doc>
<doc id="5880834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880834" title="Hexosaminidase">
Hexosaminidase

Hexosaminidase (, "beta-acetylaminodeoxyhexosidase", "N-acetyl-beta-D-hexosaminidase", "N-acetyl-beta-hexosaminidase", "N-acetyl hexosaminidase", "beta-hexosaminidase", "beta-acetylhexosaminidinase", "beta-D-N-acetylhexosaminidase", "beta-N-acetyl-D-hexosaminidase", "beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase", "hexosaminidase A", "N-acetylhexosaminidase", "beta-D-hexosaminidase") is an enzyme involved in the hydrolysis of terminal N-acetyl-D-hexosamine residues in N-acetyl-β-D-hexosaminides.
Isozymes and genes.
Lysosomal A, B, and S isozymes.
Functional lysosomal β-hexosaminidase enzymes are dimeric in structure. Three isozymes are produced through the combination of α and β subunits to form any one of three active dimers:
The α and β subunits are encoded by separate genes, "HEXA" and "HEXB" respectively. Beta-hexosaminidase and the cofactor GM2 activator protein catalyze the degradation of the GM2 gangliosides and other molecules containing terminal N-acetyl hexosamines. Gene mutations in "HEXB" often result in Sandhoff disease; whereas, mutations in "HEXA" decrease the hydrolysis of GM2 gangliosides, which is the main cause of Tay-Sachs disease.
Function.
Even though the alpha and beta subunits of lysosomal hexosaminidase can both cleave GalNAc residues, only the alpha subunit is able to hydrolyze GM2 gangliosides because of a key residue, Arg-424, and a loop structure that forms from the amino acid sequence in the alpha subunit. The loop in the alpha subunit, consisting of Gly-280, Ser-281, Glu-282, and Pro-283 which is absent in the beta subunit, serves as an ideal structure for the binding of the GM2 activator protein (GM2AP), and arginine is essential for binding the N-acetyl-neuraminic acid residue of GM2 gangliosides. The GM2 activator protein transports GM2 gangliosides and presents the lipids to hexosaminidase, so a functional hexosaminidase enzyme is able to hydrolyze GM2 gangliosides into GM3 gangliosides by removing the N-acetylgalactosamine (GalNAc) residue from GM2 gangliosides.
Mechanism of action.
A Michaelis complex consisting of a glutamate residue, a GalNAc residue on the GM2 ganglioside, and an aspartate residue leads to the formation of an oxazolinium ion intermediate. A glutamate residue (alpha Glu-323/beta Glu-355) works as an acid by donating its hydrogen to the glycosidic oxygen atom on the GalNAc residue. An aspartate residue (alpha Asp-322/beta Asp-354) positions the C2-acetamindo group so that it can be attacked by the nucleophile (N-acetamido oxygen atom on carbon 1 of the substrate). The aspartate residue stabilizes the positive charge on the nitrogen atom in the oxazolinium ion intermediate. Following the formation of the oxazolinium ion intermediate, water attacks the electrophillic acetal carbon. Glutamate acts as a base by deprotonating the water leading to the formation of the product complex and the GM3ganglioside.
Gene mutations resulting in Tay-Sachs Disease.
There are numerous mutations that lead to hexosaminidase deficiency including gene deletions, nonsense mutations, and missense mutations. Tay-Sachs disease occurs when hexosaminidase A loses its ability to function. People with Tay-Sachs disease are unable to remove the GalNAc residue from the GM2 ganglioside, and as a result, they end up storing 100 to 1000 times more GM2 gangliosides in the brain than the normal person. Over 100 different mutations have been discovered just in infantile cases of Tay-Sachs disease alone.
The most common mutation, which occurs in over 80 percent of Tay-Sachs patients, results from a four base pair addition (TATC) in exon 11 of the Hex A gene. This insertion leads to an early stop codon, which causes the Hex A deficiency.
Children born with Tay-Sachs usually die between two to four years of age from aspiration and pneumonia. Tay-Sachs causes cerebral degeneration and blindness. Patients also experience flaccid extremities and seizures. At this point in time, there has been no cure or effective treatment of Tay-Sachs disease.
NAG-thiazoline, NGT, acts as mechanism based inhibitor of hexosaminidase A. In patients with Tay-Sachs disease (misfolded hexosaminidase A), NGT acts as a molecular chaperone by binding in the active site of hexosaminidase A which helps create a properly folded hexosaminidase A. The stable dimer conformation of hexosaminidase A has the ability to leave the endoplasmic reticulum and is directed to the lysosome where it can perform the degradation of GM2 gangliosides. The two subunits of hexosaminidase A are shown below:
Cytosolic C and D isozymes.
The bifunctional protein NCOAT (nuclear cytoplasmic O-GlcNAcase and acetyltransferase) that is encoded by the "MGEA5" gene possesses both hexosaminidase and histone acetyltransferase activities. NCOAT is also known as hexosaminidase C and has distinct substrate specificities compared to lysosomal hexosaminidase A. A single-nucleotide polymorphism in the human O-GlcNAcase gene is linked to diabetes mellitus type 2.
A fourth mammalian hexosaminidase polypeptide which has been designated hexosaminidase D ("HEXDC") has recently been identified.

</doc>
<doc id="5880851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880851" title="Rick Kirby">
Rick Kirby

Rick Kirby (born 1952) is an English sculptor born in Gillingham, Kent.
Kirby started sculpting in stone before moving to use welded steel, for which he is better known.

</doc>
<doc id="5880857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880857" title="Esteve Rabat">
Esteve Rabat

Esteve "Tito" Rabat Bergada (born 25 May 1989 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish motorcycle racer who currently competes in the Moto2 class in the Motorcycle World championship. He started racing professionally in 2005, and made his Grand Prix début at that season's Valencian Grand Prix.
Rabat's breakthrough year came during the season. After finishing ninth in the season-opening Qatar Grand Prix, Rabat recorded a second place finish at the Grand Prix of the Americas; after five previous third places, it was Rabat's best result in Grand Prix racing at the time. The following race, Rabat achieved his first pole position in the Spanish Grand Prix, outpacing all of his rivals by over four tenths of a second. In the race, Rabat led from start to finish, winning by over four seconds from Scott Redding. He added victories later in the season, at the Indianapolis and Malaysian Grands Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="5880870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880870" title="La Mojarra Stela 1">
La Mojarra Stela 1

La Mojarra Stela 1 is a Mesoamerican carved monument (stela) dating from the 2nd century CE. It was discovered in 1986, pulled from the Acula River near La Mojarra, Veracruz, Mexico, not far from the Tres Zapotes archaeological site. The by , four-ton limestone slab contains about 535 glyphs of the Isthmian script. One of Mesoamerica's earliest known written records, this Epi-Olmec culture monument not only recorded this ruler's achievements, but placed them within a cosmological framework of calendars and astronomical events.
The right side of the stone features a full-length portrait of a man in an elaborate headdress and costume, although the bottom half of the carving is very badly weathered. Above the figure, 12 short columns of glyphs have been etched into the stone, matched by eight longer columns to the figure's right. Among these glyphs are two Mesoamerican Long Count calendar dates which correspond to May 143 CE and July 156 CE. The monument is an early example of the type of stela which later became common commemorating rulers of Maya sites in the Classic era.
Description and interpretation.
The figure engraved onto Stela 1 is complex and not easily interpreted. Pool describes the figure as follows:
Prof. Philip Arnold has tentatively identified the stylized sharks as the Olmec Fish/Shark Monster, a symbol of rulership. 
According to Mary Ellen Miller, the figure wears the headdress of the Principal Bird Deity. Bird deities were often featured on stelae of this period, and can be seen on Izapa Stela 4 as well on monuments at Kaminaljuyu, Takalik Abaj, and Zaculeu. 
The Tuxtla Statuette, a small , also portrays a human dressed as a bird. It comes from the same culture and period as Stela 1, and both feature Isthmian script glyphs. These two artifacts were found roughly apart and their Long Count dates are separated by only 6 years. They may even refer to the same person.
Discovery and decipherment.
For some years after discovery, the monument was in storage in the Museo de Antropología in Xalapa. In November 1995, as the monument was being prepared for display, a previously neglected series of glyphs was noticed on one side in eroded but still partially recognizable condition. 
In 1993, and again in 1997, after discovery of the new column of glyphs, John Justeson and Terrence Kaufman put forward a proposed decipherment of the glyphs. This decipherment names the figure depicted as "Harvester Mountain Lord", and describes his ascension to kingship, a solar eclipse, appearances of Venus, warfare, and an attempted usurpation, human sacrifice (perhaps Harvester Mountain Lord's brother-in-law) and Harvester Mountain Lord's own bloodletting.
This decipherment has been disputed by Michael D. Coe and Stephen D. Houston, among others. Resolution of this debate will likely need to await further archaeological discoveries.

</doc>
<doc id="5880880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880880" title="Retinoid X receptor">
Retinoid X receptor

The retinoid X receptor (RXR) is a type of nuclear receptor that is activated by 9-cis retinoic acid. There are three retinoic X receptors (RXR): RXR-alpha, RXR-beta, and RXR-gamma, encoded by the , , genes, respectively. 
RXR heterodimerizes with nuclear receptors including CAR, FXR, LXR, PPAR, PXR, RAR, TR, and VDR.
As with other type II nuclear receptors, the RXR heterodimer in the absence of ligand is bound to hormone response elements complexed with corepressor protein. Binding of agonist ligands to RXR results in dissociation of corepressor and recruitment of coactivator protein, which, in turn, promotes transcription of the downstream target gene into mRNA and eventually protein.

</doc>
<doc id="5880884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880884" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Derbyshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Derbyshire

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Derbyshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses the borders of Derbyshire to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 99 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 28 sites with a purely geological interest, and 54 listed for biological interest. A further 17 sites are designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Derbyshire.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5880888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880888" title="Ringwood Secondary College">
Ringwood Secondary College

Ringwood Secondary College is a co-educational public secondary school located in the eastern suburb of Ringwood in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. 
Ringwood Secondary College opened as Ringwood High School in 1954 and was one of the very first high schools to be constructed in the new Light Timber Construction (LTC) style, which was developed by the Public Works Department in Victoria to address a chronic shortage in high school places in the 1950s. 
Ringwood Secondary College provides education for years 7-12. Year 11 and 12 students undertake the VCE program. There are currently approximately 1460 students enrolled at the school.
RSC offers an extensive range of Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) subjects as well as the Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL) programme. The college has developed a centre of excellence for Automotive, Engineering and Manufacturing. 
The celebrated Music and Performing Arts Program at Ringwood Secondary College includes three concert bands, four stage bands, three string ensembles and two choirs. In recent competitions, Melbourne School Bands Festival, Mt Gambier Generations in Jazz and the Royal South Street Competition, the school has received awards for its stage bands, strings ensembles and symphonic orchestra. 
The RSC Musical Production is a major highlight of the College Calendar each year. The full-scale theatrical event brings together students from all of the performing arts areas of the college. The professional shows draw crowds of over 3000 each year, with some students having gone on to successful careers both on stage and in the technical areas of theatre production.

</doc>
<doc id="5880890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880890" title="Plasma parameter">
Plasma parameter

The "plasma parameter" is a dimensionless number, denoted by capital Lambda, Λ. The plasma parameter is usually interpreted to be the argument of the Coulomb logarithm, which is the ratio of the maximum impact parameter to the classical distance of closest approach in Coulomb scattering. In this case, the plasma parameter is given by:
where
This expression is typically valid for a plasma in which ion thermal velocities are much less than electron thermal velocities. A detailed discussion of the Coulomb logarithm is available in the "NRL Plasma Formulary", pages 34–35.
Note that the word parameter is usually used in plasma physics to refer to bulk plasma properties in general: see plasma parameters. 
An alternative definition of this parameter is given by the average number of electrons in a plasma contained within a Debye sphere (a sphere of radius the Debye length).
This definition of the plasma parameter is more frequently (and appropriately) called the Debye number, and is denoted formula_2. In this context, the plasma parameter is defined as
Since these two definitions differ only by a factor of three, they are frequently used interchangeably.
Often the factor of formula_4 is dropped. When the Debye length is given by formula_5, the plasma parameter is given by
where
Confusingly, some authors define the plasma parameter as :
Coupling parameter.
A closely related parameter is the plasma coupling formula_8, defined as a ratio of the Coulomb energy to the thermal one:
The Coulomb energy (per particle) is
where for the typical inter-particle distance formula_11 usually is taken the Wigner-Seitz radius. Therefore,
Clearly, up to a numeric factor of the order of unity, 
In general, for multicomponent plasmas one defines the coupling parameter for each species "s" separately:
Here, "s" stands for either electrons or (a type of) ions.
The ideal plasma approximation.
One of the criteria which determine whether a collection of charged particles can rigorously be termed an ideal plasma is that ΛÂ»1.
When this is the case, collective electrostatic interactions dominate over binary collisions, and the plasma particles can be treated as if they only interact with a smooth background field, rather than through pairwise interactions (collisions). The equation of state of each species in an ideal plasma is that of an ideal gas.
Plasma properties and Λ.
Depending on the magnitude of Λ, plasma properties can be characterized as following:

</doc>
<doc id="5880893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880893" title="HEXB">
HEXB

Beta-hexosaminidase subunit beta is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "HEXB" gene.

</doc>
<doc id="5880898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880898" title="Jack Woods">
Jack Woods

John Mawhinney (Jack) Woods
was Provost of St Andrew’s Cathedral, Inverness from 1975 to 1980
Woods was born in 1919, educated at Edinburgh Theological College and ordained in 1959. After a curacy in Kirkaldy he was Rector of Walpole St Peter from 1960 until his appointment as Provost.
He died in Downham Market on 4 June 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="5880903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880903" title="WHIL-FM">
WHIL-FM

WHIL-FM (91.3 FM), is an NPR-affiliated radio station in Mobile, Alabama. It primarily features classical music and news and talk programming. WHIL-FM's signal travels in about a 45-mile radius from Mobile--serving the extreme southern tip of Alabama along the state's portion of the Gulf Coast (and some counties to the north, in southwestern Alabama), as well as the Gulf Coast counties of southeastern Mississippi and extreme northwestern Florida.
Until 2011, the station maintained studios on the campus of Spring Hill College, a Jesuit institution that started the station and held the broadcast license.
On July 1, 2011, WHIL discontinued operations as a stand-alone station, having been acquired by the University of Alabama to serve as a local affiliate for its Alabama Public Radio network.
History.
WHIL-FM first broadcast on September 5, 1979. Only a week later, Hurricane Frederic struck the Alabama Gulf Coast, rendering the station silent for some time thereafter due to transmitter and tower damage. From those rough beginnings, the station grew to provide one of the few non-commercial radio services available to the region with programming not designed for religious proselytization. In later years, it used the branding "Fine Arts Radio for the Gulf Coast," a summary of its mission and scope.
Of the public radio stations and networks located in Alabama, WHIL was the only one not operated by an agency or educational institution of the state. It was the fourth chronologically, after Huntsville's WLRH, Birmingham's WBHM, and Troy's WTSU; only Tuscaloosa (Alabama Public Radio) came later, in 1982.
On March 21, 2011, Spring Hill College and University of Alabama officials announced the sale of WHIL to UA, which converted WHIL into a translator of APR on July 1, 2011. This move reflected increasing consolidation in non-commercial radio, a situation largely occurring because of the economic downturn that has taken place since 2008.
Programming.
In the mid-to-late 1990s, Spring Hill College officials took exception to some news reports on National Public Radio about subjects such as abortion rights and homosexuality. Because these seemed to denigrate the moral positions of the Roman Catholic order of the Society of Jesus, the parent organization of the college, WHIL discontinued airing NPR news programs for several years. Protests from disappointed and angry listeners prompted WHIL to restore "Morning Edition," but the station continued to preempt "All Things Considered" in favor of classical music and Public Radio International's "Marketplace". However, in response to a survey of local public radio listeners, WHIL returned "ATC" to its schedule in early 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5880905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880905" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Merseyside">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Merseyside

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Merseyside, which is part of North West England. Merseyside has a population of 1,353,600 making it one of the most densely populated areas of the United Kingdom. Geographically, Merseyside is split by the River Mersey which has a surrounding network of canals, rivers and valleys some of which have been created by human activity. Other habitats have been adversely affected by humans including many peat mosslands. , There are 14 sites designated within this Area of Search, of which 10 have been designated due to their biological interest, 1 due to its geological interest, and 3 for both biological and geological interest.
In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here, rather than, for example, splitting these sites between the Lancashire and Cheshire lists. The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5880907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880907" title="General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland">
General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland

The Assembly Hall is located between the Lawnmarket and The Mound in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is the meeting place of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. 
History.
Following the Disruption in the Church of Scotland in 1843, the emergent Free Church of Scotland urgently required a new theological college (New College) in Edinburgh, an Assembly Hall and a home for the Free High Church (the member of St Giles' Cathedral who left at the Disruption). A complex of buildings was thus designed by William Henry Playfair and built from 1846 onwards. The Assembly Hall itself was designed by David Bryce and built in 1858-9. The back of the Hall facing Castlehill was extended east by J. M. Dick Peddie in 1885, with further work in 1902-3. In 1934 the Free High Church vacated its building, which was adapted to become the New College Library.
In 1900, the United Presbyterian Church and a majority of the Free Church of Scotland united as the United Free Church of Scotland; the Assembly Hall was henceforth used by the newly united church. The United Free Church of Scotland and the Church of Scotland united in 1929. The Assembly Hall thus became the Assembly Hall of the reunited Church of Scotland. Overlooking the Moderator's chair, the centre of the south gallery was adapted to become the "Throne Gallery" for the Lord High Commissioner. Until 1929, the General Assemblies of the (old) Church of Scotland were held in St John's Highland Tolbooth Church (now 'The Hub'), the spire of which continues to overshadow the Assembly Hall and New College.
Interior.
On the north side, there is a corridor known as "the Black and White Corridor" because of its distinctive chequered floor tiling. From the Black and White Corridor, there are steps down to the New College quadrangle (and Mound Place) and a staircase up to the Moderator's rooms and the Clerks' room (immediately above). Stairs also lead into the Rainy Hall of New College. The steps have been apocryphally attributed as the inspiration for the title of the book and film, The Thirty-Nine Steps, though changes in the courtyard have meant it is impossible to verify this.
Use by the Scottish Parliament.
Until 1999, the Assembly Hall was hardly used other than for meeting of the General Assembly and performances during the Edinburgh International Festival. 
The Scottish Constitutional Convention met in the Assembly Hall on 30 March 1989, at which the "Claim of Right for Scotland", a call for the creation of a Scottish Parliament, was signed by 58 out of 72 Scottish Members of Parliament. It was organised by the Campaign for a Scottish Assembly.
Between 1999 and 2004 the Assembly Hall was used as the temporary debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament. The old (and uncomfortable) dark green leather bench seating was removed. Temporary (and removable) desks and seating were installed and the Hall was carpeted. The Church of Scotland used the Edinburgh International Conference Centre for the General Assembly in 1999 and the Usher Hall in 2001. In other years the Parliament had to vacate the Assembly Hall for the Church.
The Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament had an office within the Assembly Hall buildings; all other parliamentary offices were located in the former Midlothian County Buildings or the former Lothian Regional Council offices (since demolished), both located on George IV Bridge. 
Following the completion of the new Scottish Parliament Building at Holyrood in October 2004, the Assembly Hall was refurbished with new theatre-type upholstered seating. The Church of Scotland's Board of Practice and Procedure set up an Assembly Hall Development Group to consider how the building could be more widely used in future. The Assembly Hall is now regularly used for conferences and performances, as well as for the General Assembly every May.

</doc>
<doc id="5880909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880909" title="Manuel Hernández (motorcycle racer)">
Manuel Hernández (motorcycle racer)

Manuel Hernández García (born 24 August 1984 in Cartagena, Spain) is a motorcycle road racer. He currently races in the 250cc Grand Prix world championship. He started to race professionally in 2004. His father, also named Manuel Hernández, raced in the same category in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="5880910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880910" title="Nobuaki Kakuda">
Nobuaki Kakuda

Career.
Kakuda is famous for his first punch knockout win over German mixed martial artist Mavrick at 0:56 seconds in the K-1 Fields Europe GP 2005 as well as being the only K-1 fighter to lose to Akebono, a former Sumo wrestler whose long losing streak has made him a laughing stock of martial arts. He is also one of the K-1 organization's regents. At the time of his retirement, he was the oldest and shortest (174 cm) participant in the K-1 tournaments. 
After working as a referee-in-charge and ringside judge in K-1 events, Kakuda had also served as an executive producer for K-1 under Fighting and Entertainment Group.
Personal life.
Kakuda was born in Sakai, Osaka Prefecture. He named his son Kenshiro (賢士朗) and daughter Yuria (友里亜) after characters from Fist of the North Star.

</doc>
<doc id="5880926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880926" title="Alan Weeks">
Alan Weeks

Alan Frederick Weeks (8 September 1923, Bristol, Avon - 11 June 1996, Hove, East Sussex) was a British television sports reporter and commentator.
Personal life.
His family moved to Brighton when he was five when his father, Captain F. C. Weeks, became piermaster. He attended Brighton Hove and Sussex Grammar School.
He married Barbara Jane Huckle, an ice skater, in 1947. They had two sons and one daughter. One son and their daughter pre-deceased him.
War service.
Alan Weeks served his country through the Second World War in the British Merchant Navy, eventually being demobilised in 1946 as a lieutenant in the Royal Naval Reserve.
Career.
Weeks worked all his broadcasting life with the BBC. Principally remembered for his commentary on winter sports such as ice skating and ice hockey, Weeks also presented swimming, snooker and gymnastics. Weeks was also a big speedway fan, and broadcast from Wembley Stadium on the World Speedway finals from 1955 to 1969 for the BBC. He reported for the BBC on every Winter Olympics from 1964 and most Summer Olympics until his retirement. As such he was on hand to describe the memorable gold medal wins of sports stars such as Olga Korbut, Mark Spitz, John Curry, Torvill and Dean and David Wilkie. For all this, he was affectionately nicknamed 'The Gold Medal Commentator' by his peers. Barry Davies took over his gymnastics duties in the Olympics, and Hamilton Bland in swimming. Davies and Weeks continued to commentate in ice-skating together, including the Torvill and Dean comeback at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, before a record audience of 23.9 million viewers in the UK on the BBC - a record audience for a non-football broadcast. 
He made his last broadcast in early 1996 commentating at the World Figure Skating Championship. He then announced he was retiring, before he died in June that year.
His, to some, excessively enthusiastic style of presentation was sometimes parodied and satirised in the media. Once he read out in a loud, high-pitched voice the marks awarded by each individual judge for an ice skater. Clive James commented that Weeks was producing "television for the blind".
Weeks defended himself by saying that it was a commentator's duty to get excited, and remained cordial towards detractors such as James.
He was also an occasional presenter of "Match of the Day" and commentated on football on the BBC for 20 years, including five World Cup final tournaments and Newcastle United's last trophy win, the second leg of the 1969 Fairs Cup Final against Ujpest Dozja. He occasionally presented "Grandstand", and for many years presented the snooker series "Pot Black".
In 1989 British Ice Hockey honoured him by naming the award for Best British Defenseman after him, the Alan Weeks Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="5880939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880939" title="Susan Blanchard (socialite)">
Susan Blanchard (socialite)

Susan Blanchard (born March 8, 1928) is an American socialite and former lyricist and theatrical producer. She was the third wife of actor Henry Fonda, with whom she adopted a daughter, Amy (born 1953), and the second wife of actor Richard Widmark.
Background.
The younger child of Dorothy Kiaora Blanchard, a native of Australia, and Henry Jacobson, a New York businessman, Susan Jacobson took her mother's surname after her parents' divorce and was known as Susan Blanchard thereafter. 
In 1929, her mother, a former actress turned interior decorator, married the lyricist and producer Oscar Hammerstein II. Susan Blanchard had four siblings: a brother, Henry Jacobson, Jr.; a half-brother, James Blanchard Hammerstein (1931–1999); and two step-siblings, William and Alice Hammerstein.
Susan Blanchard studied at The Shipley School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. Her only sibling was an older brother, né Henry Samuel Jacobson (April 27, 1926 - January 28, 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="5880942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880942" title="Susan Blanchard">
Susan Blanchard

Susan Blanchard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5880943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880943" title="Inhumanity (album)">
Inhumanity (album)

Inhumanity is the debut album of Finnish melodic death metal band Mors Principium Est. It was first released in 2003 and later reissued in 2006 with new artwork and three bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5880945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880945" title="Rei Omishi">
Rei Omishi

Rei Omishi (臣士れい 'Ray Omishi') is a Japanese screenwriter and manga author/artist. She is best known for the Sorcerer Hunters series, which comes in anime and manga forms.
Her other works include ' and '.

</doc>
<doc id="5880965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880965" title="Gert Steegmans">
Gert Steegmans

Gert Steegmans (born 30 September 1980 in Hasselt) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI ProTeam . He has a strong finishing sprint and can compete in the sprint with fellow Belgian cyclist, and team-mate, Tom Boonen.
Career overview.
Although Steegmans was already known in Belgium, he gained more popularity outside Belgium as he piloted Robbie McEwen to two stage wins during the 2006 Tour de France.
During the second stage of the 2007 Tour de France, a Liquigas rider fell sideways in the last 3 kilometres causing others to fall. Around 20 riders fell blocking the entire road and leaving approximately 30 riders to sprint for the victory, eventually taken by Steegmans in his home country ahead of his compatriot and team-mate Tom Boonen, who took over the green jersey by coming second in the stage.
On 6 July 2008, it was announced Steegmans signed a two-year contract with . In the Tour de France, he won the prestigious stage at Champs-Élysées. Team Tinkoff later folded under that name, and the management and ridership re-emerged as .
Steegmans made headlines in the weeks leading up to the 2009 Tour de France with his refusal to sign an anti-doping agreement which Team Katusha was trying to get all its riders to sign. The agreement called for any rider who tested positive for a doping substance to pay a fine of five times their annual salary. Steegmans persisted in his refusal even after an ultimatum handed down by the team, which resulted in his not being selected for Katusha's Tour de France squad. Katusha and Steegmans dissolved his contract on 5 August after Steegmans' continuing refusal to sign the anti-doping charter. Team RadioShack announced that he would be joining the team in 2010 starting with the Tour Down Under in late January.
On 7 March 2010, during the time-trial for the Paris–Nice bicycle race, he was injured in a whirlwind accident, breaking a collarbone.
Steegmans is married to former runway model and Tour de France podium girl Laura Leturgie, and they have one child, daughter Maélya (born on 6 June 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="5880981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880981" title="School Year Abroad">
School Year Abroad

School Year Abroad is an academic program which places American high school juniors, seniors, and post-graduates in 4 countries including China, Italy, France or Spain for a year. Students intensively learn the respective language of their country and live with a host family. The program includes extensive cultural immersion, select courses taught in the native language and requisite subjects such as math and English are taught in English. The program provides academic advisors, college counseling services, and administers the AP, SAT, SAT II, and PSAT tests at each school. High school students earn U.S. high school credits while attending SYA.
SYA's founding charter schools are Phillips Academy (Andover, MA), Phillips Exeter Academy (Exeter, NH), and St. Paul's School (Concord, New Hampshire), although it operates independently of these and its 42 member schools. The main office is located in North Andover, Massachusetts.
Spain.
The program in Spain is SYA's oldest. The original incarnation was "Schoolboys Abroad" and consisted of twelve students accompanied by three teachers, who, in 1964, traveled by ship to study in Barcelona, Spain.
Though founded in Barcelona, the program was moved to Zaragoza in 1999. The move took place in order to facilitate the ease with which students learned and heard Castilian Spanish spoke around them. As the program grew in Barcelona, it became clear that the proliferation of Catalan, as well as the number of tourists, detracted from the immersion of the students. The move to Zaragoza, the fifth largest city in Spain, provided students with a city environment with less tourist attraction, making it necessary for Castilian Spanish to be spoken throughout the city.
SYA Spain students attend classes on the sprawling, recently renovated, 425-square-meter second floor of a Neoclassical building in Zaragoza's city center on Paseo de Pamplona. The space is illuminated throughout the day by natural light and comprises a reception area, six classrooms, a place for school assemblies, and offices for the faculty and the SYA Spain Resident Director, along with a library, a college-counseling office and a comfortable student lounge.
Because it is located in the commercial center, SYA Spain students have access to myriad cafés where they can enjoy a café con lecche, shop for anything from a toothbrush to the latest fashions, and visit the local colegio, where SYA Spain students eat lunch daily. Steps away from the Plaza Aragón, students take the bus to visit friends after school, to dance classes or to sports practice.
At SYA Spain, students take six courses. Seniors may, on recommendation of their home school, elect not to continue in mathematics if they have met their home school requirement. All but the English and math courses are taught in Spanish. All courses except for Advanced Algebra with Functions and Precalculus and Advanced Topics in Mathematics are taught at the honors or AP level.
Students take placement tests in math and Spanish during orientation in September. Based on the test results and on their previous records, they are placed in appropriate groups for Spanish language and math. There is a two-week drop/add period at the start of school to finalize placements and course preferences. Courses meet for a minimum of four 50-minute periods per week. SYA does not distinguish between eleventh- and twelfth-grade students in the organization of classes.
Experiential and Independent Travel
School Year Abroad Spain students enjoy one-day excursions in Aragón and Navarra; longer trips take students to Barcelona, Asturias, Valencia and Andalucía. During school vacation days and weekends, students may remain with their host families or travel independently if they have made detailed plans and secured the proper permission. Zaragoza is on the high-speed AVE train line and many buses leave the city daily for destinations throughout Spain. In a weekend, students may travel to Salamanca to visit the famous university, to Bilboa to wander through the Guggenheim or head to Madrid to for a theater production.
School-to-School Exchanges
SYA students here are able to participate in various school-to-school exchanges all over the country, providing excellent opportunities to become friends with Spanish students their own age. These range from exchanges lasting one to five days to evening seminars organized once a week.
Through "One Day Here, One Day There", an SYA student spends a day at a high school in Zaragoza, hosted by a counterpart their age; that same Spanish student attends classes at SYA the next day.
The program “Five days in . . .” Burgos, Madrid, Toledo or Sevilla enables an SYA student to go to one of these cities to attend classes and live with a local host family for five full days. Our student joins the host student for three days of classes in the Spanish high school and the weekend with his or her family.
France.
SYA France is located in Rennes, the capital of Brittany. Founded in 1967, it is SYA's second oldest program. SYA France is open to students who are currently enrolled in at least level II of French. The majority of students take seven credits, including English and math. All but the English and math courses are taught in French.
Students are required to take English, math, French language, French literature, art history, history and French society and culture.
Based on language proficiency tests administered in September and language-study previous records, students are placed in one of two groups for the courses taught in French. Adjustments in the groups are generally made early in the year if appropriate. Math placement is based on prior experience and a placement test. Courses meet for a minimum of four 45-minute periods per week. All courses except for Advanced Algebra with Functions and Precalculus and Advanced Topics in Mathematics are taught at the honors or AP level.
SYA France school trips are scheduled in accordance with the French academic calendar; during French school vacations, students travel all over France.
In October students go to the Loire Valley where they visit Renaissance chateaux and a variety of museums. In February the school goes to Paris to study the city's architectural monuments, museums and galleries. In the spring students spend nine or ten days exploring the south of France. They visit museums and Roman antiquities, meander through charming Provincal cities and villages, hike through the countryside, swim in the Mediterranean and some years explore local rivers by canoe.
One weekend in May is devoted to exploring the coast of Normandy, where students visit the sites of the two great events that have marked the region: the Norman conquest, of 1066, and the Allied invasion (known by the French as the Debarquement), of June 1944. There is plenty of time for relaxation and fun built into the school trips; however, they are carefully conceived to complement the history, civilization and art history courses.
During school vacation days and weekends students may remain with their host families or travel independently if they have made detailed plans and secured proper permission. Because public transportation is convenient and France is relatively small, a weekend trip can take a SYA France student to the famous beaches of Normandy, to museums in Paris or to the banks of the Loire River.
China.
In 1994, the Chinese government allowed School Year Abroad to begin a program in Beijing. It was the first of its kind at either a high school or college level, with students being placed in host families for the full school year. The program operates out of the Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University. SYA China is open to both beginners and students who have already studied Mandarin. All students take Mandarin Chinese Language, Chinese History and Chinese Society and Culture along with English and math, for a total of six credits. These courses meet four or five periods each week with the exception of Chinese Culture and Society, which meets two periods each week in addition to guest lectures and field trips. All courses except for Advanced Algebra with Functions, Precalculus and Advanced Topics in Mathematics, and Chinese Society and Culture are taught at the honors or AP level.
Martial arts, traditional Chinese brush painting, calligraphy and music are offered as noncredit courses, pass/fail. Each course meets once per week. Home schools may accept these courses for credit if deemed appropriate. School Year Abroad does not distinguish between eleventh- and twelfth-grade students in the organization of classes.
Students are placed in class according to their proficiency in Chinese, which is assessed by a diagnostic exam administered at the beginning of the school year.
In order for students to experience China beyond Beijing, School Year Abroad organizes a number of study trips to places of historical and cultural importance. Travel destinations change each year, and in the past SYA has visited almost every province and major city in the country. During the first semester, travel focuses on places of historical significance, including important urban centers. During the second semester, the focus is on remote destinations, with emphasis on trekking through rural villages and homestays with China’s ethnic minorities.
On such trips, School Year Abroad China generally arranges activities with local schools so that students can get a taste of what life is like for their peers in various areas of the country. SYA students experience significant educational travel and are involved in Rural Projects for Sustainable China (RPSC) throughout the school year. With the exception of personal spending money, trip expenses are included in SYA’s tuition. Independent travel by students in China is not permitted.
Winterim
In the vacation period that surrounds the Chinese New Year, SYA takes the classroom on the road for an extended journey outside of Beijing. Armed with a bound reader of Chinese- and English-language materials, students depart Beijing for a three-week trip throughout a rural region of the country. Destinations vary each year and are typically concentrated in southern and southwestern China. In recent years, travel has included “off-the-beaten-path” experiences such as hiking and rural homestays with welcoming families. Occasionally, students spend the night in a youth hostel, where they share stories with peer travelers from around the world. Long train rides through the countryside provide students with time to catch up on their reading assignments and discuss their experiences with their classmates. Winterim is an authentic immersion into rural Chinese culture that, in many ways, remains as it was centuries ago.
Italy.
Since it opened its doors in 2001, SYA's Italian program has been housed in a 16th- century palazzo in the city of Viterbo in Lazio. SYA Italy students attend classes in a beautifully restored and quintessentially Italian palazzo, where parquet floors and freshly painted walls serve as the perfect backdrop for a collection of 16th- century frescoes. The school’s classrooms and offices feature beamed ceilings 15 feet high and come fully equipped with modern conveniences. A spacious common room with plush couches and Internet access, known as the salone, provides a comfortable place for our students to study and relax between classes.
SYA Italy offers a unique approach to understanding the culture of modern Italy through the lens of its deep and multi-layered past. Both inside and outside the classroom, SYA Italy actively engages students in the study of ancient languages, history and art, while facilitating the mastery of Italian. On school trips, which have included journeys to Sicily, Florence, Umbria and Campania in the past, SYA students are given the opportunity to experience firsthand some of Western civilization’s most important cultural, historical and archaeological sites.
All SYA Italy students must complete six credits over the course of the year. The curriculum requirements are as follows: one credit of English; one credit of math; at least two credits of language, one of which must be Italian; at least one credit of history; and one elective. In order to fulfill SYA Italy’s two-credit language requirement, students may choose one of two options: to enroll in Italian Language and Culture, a two-credit Italian course;or to enroll in Italian I or Italian II and a one-credit course in another language (Latin or Ancient Greek). Those who pursue the second option may not enroll in Medieval and Modern History.

</doc>
<doc id="5880983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880983" title="Wymering Manor">
Wymering Manor

Wymering Manor is the oldest building in the city of Portsmouth, England and was the manor house of Wymering, a settlement mentioned in the Domesday Book. It is first recorded in 1042, when it was owned by King Edward the Confessor. After the Battle of Hastings it became the property of King William the Conqueror, until 1084.
History.
Wymering Manor is a Grade II* listed building located in a conservation area. It was originally listed as a Grade II building in 1953 and upgraded in 2003.
A Roman settlement existed at Wymering from c. 43 to 408 – a marshy coastline ran close to the present site of Wymering Manor and a Roman outpost camp was likely to have been sited there to defend Portchester Castle.
In Saxon times, c. 409, a tribal leader named Wimm lived near the shore of Paulsgrove Lake and may have included the land of Wymering Manor in his village. Attributed with the origin of the name of Wymering as a hamlet at the crossroads of the Portchester to Cosham and Portsdown Hill to Paulsgrove Lake tracks.
The first recorded occupant of Wymering Manor was William Mauduit who probably came across with the invasion of 1066 from his home in Normandy and was involved in local research for the Great survey of 1086 – known as the Domesday book. He held other manors in Hampshire and married a Portchester girl named Hawyse in 1069 with whom he had three children.
The majority of the current building is 16th century in construction. However, there still exist parts that contain Roman and medieval materials. The cellars are reputedly Saxon in origin. The early origins of the site are supported by archaeology of the area that implies that the area has been inhabited since at least the Roman period.
Inside the manor is a spacious hall which is dominated by twin Jacobean staircases and gallery with barley sugar twist balusters. The panelled walls and pilasters are in building styles associated with the Tudor Elizabethan period. Two priest-holes are also located in the house.
Wyymering, which came to the Bigg-Withers on the death in 1768 of Rev. Richard Harris, brother of Jane Harris, who was the mother of Lovelace Bigg, is of special interest to the family as the home of the Rev. Charles Blackstone (Vicar of Wymering 1774–1804) and of Harris Bigg-Wither from his marriage (1804) to the death of his father, Lovelace Bigg-Wither, in 1813. Here Harris Bigg-Wither's six elder children were born.
The history of the manor has been sketched by Mrs. Andrew Davies in her History of Cosham (pub. 1906). At the time of the Domesday Survey (1086) it was held by William the Conqueror in demesne as it had been by King Edward the Confessor, in connection with Portchester Castle.
In the thirteenth century the manor was granted first to Fulkes de Wymering and afterwards to William de Fortibus, and was held of the King by military service at Portchester.
In 1285 Edward I granted the manor to John le Botelier, in whose family it remained for a century; it then passed to the Waytes, from whom it passed in 1570 by marriage to the Brunnings, a well-known Roman Catholic family. On the death of Edward Bruning, aged 98, in 1707 the manor changed hands several times until in 1761 the Rev. Richard Harris (great-grandson of Warden Harris), Vicar of Wyrmering and Rector of Wydley, bought a moiety of the manor from Sir Edward Worsley, and in 1768 the rest of the manor from William Smith.
The Rev. Richard Harris died without issue and intestate in 1768, and the manor went to his nephew and heir at law,
Lovelace Bigg, who in 1783 added to the property by purchase from Lord Dormer.
In 1835 the old manor house and sixty-eight acres was sold by the Rev. Lovelace Bigg-Wither for £5000 to Mr. John Martin, who had long been tenant, and the rest of the property, comprising about with house, was sold in 1858 to Rev. G. Nugee and Mr. Thos. Thistlethwayte for £14,827. 14s. 8d.
Wymering Manor is linked with St Peter & St Paul Church and churchyard, which is the last resting place for Jane Austen's brother Vice Admiral Sir Francis Austen and his family. Sir Francis (1774–1865), served on one of Nelson's ships and eventually became Admiral of the Fleet.
A distinguished visitor during Victorian times was Queen Emma of The Sandwich Islands. Her son Andrew was a godson of Queen Victoria.
In the 1930s the owner was a designer, Mr Metcalfe, for Airspeed, and during this period Nevil Shute the novelist and Amy Johnson both visited the manor.
The manor then passed into the ownership of Portsmouth City Council, who leased it to the Youth Hostel Association for this period. During this time the Manor became a favourite of ghost hunters from across the UK.
In 2006 the manor was sold to a private organisation after the cost of the upkeep became too much for the council. The purchasers intended to restore the manor and turn it into a hotel and function rooms, trading on the historic and paranormal links after a visit by the "Most Haunted Live" television programme in May 2006. However, the development has never taken place and Portsmouth City council are now trying to sell it again.
The Manor was put up for sale by auction in London on 21 September 2010, but failed to sell.
In January 2013 the council officially handed Wymering Manor, Portsmouth's oldest building, over to the Wymering Manor Trust, alongside a start-up grant of £30K to help towards the cost of restoration. The house, a favourite with ghost hunters from around the UK, was built around 1581, and is a Grade II listed building, having been recorded in the Doomsday Book.
The Wymering Manor Trust is in the process of applying for £50,000 from the People's Millions, a collaboration between the Big Lottery Fund and the ITV (TV network). A short film about the manor will shown on ITV Meridian between 6:00pm and 6:30pm on Tuesday 26th November 2013.
The People's Millions.
The Wymering Manor Trust is in the process of applying for £50,000 from the People's Millions, a collaboration between the Big Lottery Fund and the ITV (TV network). A short film about the manor will shown on ITV Meridian between 6:00pm and 6:30pm on Tuesday 26th November 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="5880985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880985" title="Valkhof museum">
Valkhof museum

The Valkhof museum is an archaeology and art museum in Nijmegen, Netherlands.
The museum has existed since 1999, created as a merger between the G.M. Kam museum of archaeology and the Commanderie van St. Jan museum of classical and modern art. The museum's collection includes a large and important collection of local Roman archaeological finds and art (mostly modern).
The Museum stands on the edge of the Valkhof park, site of a Roman army camp and a citadel built by Charlemagne. The museum's building was designed by Dutch architect Ben van Berkel and was opened on 14 September 1999 by Queen Beatrix.
In November 2008, the official name of the museum was changed to Valkhof-Kam. This reflected an agreement reached with the heirs of G.M. Kam.

</doc>
<doc id="5880992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880992" title="Los Zapaticos me Aprietan">
Los Zapaticos me Aprietan

Los Zapaticos me Aprietan is an award winning Cuban short film that uses documentary footage of people's shoes to convey a political message. The film was directed by Humberto Padrón

</doc>
<doc id="5880996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880996" title="Farnesoid X receptor">
Farnesoid X receptor

The bile acid receptor (BAR), also known as farnesoid X receptor (FXR) or NR1H4 (nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group H, member 4) is a nuclear receptor that is encoded by the "NR1H4" gene in humans.
Function.
FXR is expressed at high levels in the liver and intestine. Chenodeoxycholic acid and other bile acids are natural ligands for FXR. Similar to other nuclear receptors, when activated, FXR translocates to the cell nucleus, forms a dimer (in this case a heterodimer with RXR) and binds to hormone response elements on DNA, which up- or down-regulates the expression of certain genes.
One of the primary functions of FXR activation is the suppression of cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1), the rate-limiting enzyme in bile acid synthesis from cholesterol. FXR does not directly bind to the CYP7A1 promoter. Rather, FXR induces expression of small heterodimer partner (SHP), which then functions to inhibit transcription of the CYP7A1 gene. In this way a negative feedback pathway is established in which synthesis of bile acids is inhibited when cellular levels are already high.
Interactions.
Farnesoid X receptor has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="5880997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880997" title="Museo Nacional de Arte, Mexico City">
Museo Nacional de Arte, Mexico City

The Museo Nacional de Arte (MUNAL) () is the Mexican national art museum, located in the historical center of Mexico City. The museum is housed in a neoclassical building at No. 8 Tacuba, Col. Centro, Mexico City. It includes a large collection representing the history of Mexican art from the mid-sixteenth century to the mid 20th century. It is recognizable by Manuel Tolsá's large equestrian statue of Charles IV of Spain, who was the monarch just before Mexico gained its independence. It was originally in the Zocalo but it was moved to several locations, not out of deference to the king but rather to conserve a piece of art, according to the plaque at the base. It arrived at its present location in 1979.
The institution.
The museum was founded in 1982 as the Museo Nacional de Arte, and re-inaugurated in 2000, after reopening its doors to the public as MUNAL after intense remodeling and technical upgrades to the facility. It currently focuses on the exhibition, study and diffusion of Mexican and international art from the 16th century to the first half of the 20th century. Its permanent collection contains more than 3,000 pieces and has 5,500m2 of exhibition space. MUNAL is a subdivision of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes and as part of this organization is involved in projects concerning the conservation, exhibition, and study of the fine arts of Mexico. The museum also offers workshops, colloquiums, publication and other outreaches to the public. There are also volunteer opportunities such as the Voluntariado and the Amigos de MUNAL associations.
The Palace of Communications building.
MUNAL is located in the old Palace of Communications. In the early part of the 20th century, the government hired Italian architect Silvio Contri to design and build this “palace” to house the Secretariat of Communications and Public Works, with the intention to show Mexico's commitment to modernization. The Palace was constructed on the former site of the hospitals of San Andres and of Gonzalez Echeverria. The architectural design is eclectic, mixing elements of past architectural styles, which is characteristic of that time period. This blending would later solidify into a movement called “modernismo” both because of the tendency to use newly-devised construction techniques and the tendency to use metal in the decorative aspects, to symbolize progress in the Industrial Age. The decorative elements of the building were done by the Coppedé family of Florence, who designed the door knockers, the window frames, the leaded crystal, the stonework, the furniture, lamps and ironwork among many other elements. Over the years, much of the Palace deteriorated until around 2000, when Project MUNAL restored the palace to its original look while added the latest technology for the preservation of artistic works.
Two rooms that stand out are the decoration of the Reception Hall and the sculptures in the Patio de los Leones. The Reception Hall is on the second floor and designed to imitate the splendor of similar halls in Europe. It is profusely decorated with precious metal and crystal ornaments as well as allegorical murals dedicated to themes such as science, the arts, liberty, history, work and progress. The work devoted to the concept of progress subdivides into four themes of force, justice, wisdom and wealth. This hall became the preferred place for President Porfirio Díaz to perform public declarations and receive dignitaries from abroad. Like the rest of the building the Patio of the Liones synthesizes a number of different architectural styles. The two primary styles seen here are Classic and Gothic with other styles introduced in the forms of sculptures, lighting and sculpted stonework. In the center is a large semicircular staircase to the upper floors.
Later in the 20th century, the building served as the Archivo General de la Nación and from 1982 as the Museo Nacional de Arte. The plaza in front of the building is named after Manuel Tolsá, who created the statue of Carlos IV there, also known as El Caballito. Today almost all of the building is used to house the permanent collection of MUNAL with the Reception Hall and the Patio de los Leones used for events such as concerts, book-signings and press conferences.
The collection.
The museum’s permanent collection is designed to give a panoramic view of the development of the fine arts in Mexico from the early colonial period to the mid-twentieth century. The artwork is subdivided into three distinct periods. The first covered the colonial period from 1550 to 1821. The second covers the first century after Independence and the third covers the period after the Mexican Revolution to the 1950s. Works created after that time period are on display at a number of museums, including the Museum of Modern Art in Chapultepec Park. The collection of art from the colonial period is entitled “Asimilación de occidente” (Assimilation of the West) and are contained within Salons 1-14 on the second floor. This collection shows how western-style painting transferred over and synthesized in Mexico, eventually leading to the establishment of Mexico’s own fine arts institution, the Academy of San Carlos, the first of its kind in the Americas. Art from the first century of Mexican Independence (1810–1910) is entitled “La construcción de la Nación” (Construction of a Nation) housed in Salons 19-26 of the second floor. Coinciding with the Romanticism period, most paintings have themes such as Mexican customs and landscapes with the purpose of defining a Mexican identity. The last time period is titled “Estrategías plásticas para un México moderno” (Strategies for the fine arts in modern Mexico) and house in Salons 27-33 on the first floor. Historically, this period is after the end of the Mexican Revolution when questions of modernity and nationalism were foremost. It also coincides with the development of the Mexican muralist movement.
Some of the salons are devoted to temporary exhibitions, such as the paintings of Pedro Gualdi from the 19th century, and more contemporary photography exhibitions by Carlos Monsivais and Marina Yampolsky. One of the latest exhibitions was called “The Practice of Everyday Life” which occurred in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5880999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5880999" title="Rohnert Park Stadium">
Rohnert Park Stadium

Rohnert Park Stadium was a stadium in Rohnert Park, California, located at . It was primarily used for baseball, and was the home field of the Redwood Pioneers and the Sonoma County Crushers minor league baseball teams. It was built in 1981 and held 4,150 people. The stadium was torn down in 2005, and the land was redeveloped as a Costco.
Outlines of the baseball diamond are still visible in satellite photos, with home plate at .

</doc>
<doc id="5881007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881007" title="Héctor Faubel">
Héctor Faubel

Héctor Faubel Rojí (born 10 August 1983 in Llíria, Valencian Community Spain) is a former professional motorcycle road racer.
Faubel has been racing full-time since 2002, always on Aprilia bikes. After finishing 2006 strongly he was considered a favourite for the 2007 125cc title, during which he battled with eventual world champion Gábor Talmácsi. For , he moved up to the 250cc class. However; his 2008 season was a disappointment, as Faubel could do no better than a fourteenth place overall, while team mate Álvaro Bautista was Championship runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="5881009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881009" title="Alexander Street Press">
Alexander Street Press

Alexander Street Press is an academic database publisher engaged in "born native" digital publishing.
It was founded in May 2000 in Alexandria, Virginia, by Stephen Rhind-Tutt (president), Janice Cronin (CFO), and Eileen Lawrence (vice president, sales and marketing). As of November 2013, the company had grown to more than 120 employees with offices in the United States, China, Australia, Malaysia, Brazil, and the United Kingdom.
The company's first product was "North American Women's Letters and Diaries", a collection of 150,000 pages of letters and diaries by women from colonial times through the 1950s.
In 2000, in collaboration with the ARTFL project at the University of Chicago, the company began using semantic indexing techniques in its humanities databases. It created metadata elements for gender, age, and sexual orientation of characters within plays; author nationality, birth and death place, as well as where and when an item was written. These elements were then combined with full-text search to allow material to be analyzed in new ways.
In 2003, the company began a major partnership with The Center for the Historical Study of Women and Gender at the State University of New York to publish "Women and Social Movements in the United States, 1600-2000". This has subsequently become a leading site for the study of women's history.
In November 2004, Alexander Street acquired the principal assets of Classical International, a London and New York-based publisher of streaming music for libraries. This led to a new range of music publications, including a partnership with the Smithsonian Institution to provide Smithsonian Global Sound for Libraries and African American Song. 
In November 2005, Alexander Street acquired the range of religious products produced by Ad Fontes, including "The Digital Library of Classic Protestant Texts" and "The Digital Library of the Catholic Reformation".
In October 2006 the company acquired the assets of University Music Editions, a small microfilm publisher specializing in the publication of scores, journals and other musically oriented publications. These collections were subsequently released as part of Classical Scores Library.
Late in 2006 the company began development of online collections of video. "Theatre in Video" was published in April 2007 and has been followed by a succession of online streaming video collections. Using techniques such as semantic indexing, initially developed for textual databases, it was an early provider of synchronized, scrolling transcripts that allow the watcher to read ahead. At the 2010 Midsummer American Library Association the company advertised 9 streaming video collections spanning more than 9,000 individual video titles.
In April 2007, Alexander Street acquired the principal products of HarpWeek, publisher of "Harper's Weekly" and "Lincoln and the Civil War".
In September 2010 Alexander Street acquired Microtraining Associates, a specialist producer and distributor of therapy and counseling video. In December 2010 the company acquired Filmakers Library, a distributor of issue based documentaries. In 2012 it acquired the principal assets of Asia Pacific Films.
In November 2013 Alexander Street announced the acquisition of Insight Media, a New York based vendor of DVD and streaming media, bringing the ASP catalog to more than 50,000 academic video titles.
In one of the first and largest independent surveys on streaming video in North American academic libraries by deg farrelly (Arizona State University) and Jane Hutichison (William Paterson University, Alexander Street emerged as the leading vendor, used at more than 60% of sites. Insight Media was present at some 10% of sites.
New collections for 2013 included "Underground and Independent Comics, Comix, and Graphic Novels: Volume II"; "Meet the Press" (in collaboration with NBC); "Classical Scores Library: Volume III"; and "Early Experiences in Australasia: Primary Sources and Personal Narratives 1788-1901". The company is expanding its publishing program to cover the sciences with new titles in Engineering and Nursing.

</doc>
<doc id="5881012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881012" title="Trinidad and Tobago Television">
Trinidad and Tobago Television

The Trinidad and Tobago Television Company (ttt), (callsigns: 9YL on channels 2 and 9, and 9YM on channels 13 and 14) was a national television broadcaster in Trinidad and Tobago. The company operated two stations, ttt on channels 2 and 13 and Alternative Television on channels 9 and 14. Its headquarters were located at 11 A Maraval Road, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago which is now the home of the current state-run television station, C TV.The station was closed at midnight on 14 January 2005.
History.
On 31 August 1962 the two-island State of Trinidad and Tobago became an independent state within the British Commonwealth. At the same time, ttt, Trinidad and Tobago Television was launched and there were two channels to transmit the service to the two the islands, 2 and 13.
The first events that were shown on ttt were the Flag Raising Ceremony and the Playing of the National Anthem for the Birth of the Nation and the inauguration of television.
Company information.
ttt has been the state-owned television broadcaster for over thirty years from 1962-1991. It was the only television operator in Trinidad and Tobago. ttt provided the young nation with its earliest collection of cultural heroes, showcasing the diversity of Trinidad and Tobago's plural society by embracing some of its best exponents of indigenous artistic expression. The station is best known for its cultural presentations such as "Mastana Bahar" and "Scouting For Talent".
Panorama.
The station's flagship news programme, "Panorama", remains an icon in Trinidad and Tobago, even as the station has gone off the air. For 29 years it was the nation's only evening news programme, allowing the citizens of Trinidad and Tobago access to television pictures from across the country and around the world.
Personalities.
ttt launched the careers of several of the most recognized journalists and broadcasters in the Caribbean.
Former Personalities.
Other notable presenters include Peter Minshall, Ann Austin, Barry Gordon, Freddie Wharwood, Errol Chevalier, Hans Hanoomansingh, Raffie Knowles, Don Proudfoot, Farouk Muhammad, Lloyd Roehler, Brian Carter, Sharon Coward, Ruskin Mark, Terrance Greaves, Vaughn Salandy, Gary Moreno, Josanne Leonard and John Victor, Afzal Khan, Bernard Pantin.
Technical Staff included Victor Daniel, Shaffick Mohammed, Errol Harrylal, Wellington Yen Chong, Carl Narine, Kenrick Grannum, Stephen Lee Pow, Charles Deighton Parris, Thomas Mora, Oneal Davis, Dave Surujdeen, Peter Singh, Mario George, Grantley Ogiste, Tony Salandy, Buffy Sinanansingh.

</doc>
<doc id="5881014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881014" title="2006–07 Botola">
2006–07 Botola

The 2006/2007 season of the GNF 1 first division of Moroccan football.

</doc>
<doc id="5881016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881016" title="RXR">
RXR

RXR may stand for 

</doc>
<doc id="5881023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881023" title="Sam Norton-Knight">
Sam Norton-Knight

Sam Norton-Knight (born 2 December 1983 in Canberra) is an Australian international rugby union footballer. He was born in Canberra but was educated on the Gold Coast.
Norton-Knight was selected in the under-19 ACT team and subsequently made his provincial debut for the Brumbies against a Fijian side in 2003. He went onto make his Super 12 debut during the 2005 season against the Crusaders. He received a call up to the Australia A squad later that year.
He then signed with the New South Wales Waratahs and made his provincial debut for them in a tour match against a Czech Republic side in Prague, scoring a try on debut for the NSW team. He played in two other matches that tour, against Romanian and Russian teams. He has since been capped 8 times for the Waratahs in Super rugby matches, and following the 2007 Super 14 season, he was called up into the Australian squad.
In March 2009 it was announced he had signed for the Cardiff Blues. After only one season in Wales, it was announced in June 2010 that he had joined the Sanyo Wild Knights in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5881025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881025" title="Julián Simón">
Julián Simón

Julián Simón Sesmero (born April 3, 1987 in Villacañas, Toledo, Spain) is a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Spain. He is 167 cm, and weighs 56 kg.
He began his racing career racing for Honda in the 2002 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season at the Spanish Grand Prix. In 2003 he raced for Malaguti before switching to Aprilia in 2004 & KTM in 2005. He won the 2005 125cc British Grand Prix. In the 2007 season he raced in the 250cc class for the Repsol Honda team, before riding a KTM in 2008.
In 2009 he signed with the Mapfre Aspar team to compete in the 125 class. He famously celebrated winning a race a lap before the race finished, allowing himself to be overtaken. He eventually finished fourth. He was dominant at the subsequent Sachsenring race, dominating both wet qualifying and the dry race. This set the tone for a dominant season in which he clinched the title by overtaking closest rival Bradley Smith on the final lap at Phillip Island. He then also beat Smith to win the final two races of the year.
For 2010 he stepped up to the new Moto2 class with Mapfre Aspar, initially on an RSV chassis but switching to Suter after the first two rounds. He scored his first podium – and his team's first podium – in the class at the French round at Le Mans, moving into fourth place in the championship standings.

</doc>
<doc id="5881030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881030" title="Verucchio">
Verucchio

Verucchio (Romagnolo: "Vròcc") is a "comune "in the province of Rimini, region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy. It has a population of about 9,300 and is from Rimini, on a spur overlooking the valley of the Marecchia river.
History.
Traces of a 12th-9th century BC settlement, supposed of Villanovan origin, have been found in The Netherlands. Later it was an Etruscan possession. The current town derives its name from "Vero Occhio" ("True Eye"), referring to its privileged position offering a wide panorama of the surrounding countryside and the Romagna coast.
Malatesta da Verucchio, founder of the Malatesta lordship of Romagna, was born here. His successors fortified it as a powerful bastion against the Montefeltro of Urbino. After the explosian of the Malatesta (15th century), it was a fief of the Medici in the Papal States; it remained part of the latter, with a short stint under the Republic of Venice, until 1620.

</doc>
<doc id="5881040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881040" title="Shelley Holroyd">
Shelley Holroyd

Shelley Holroyd (born 17 May 1973 in Salford, Greater Manchester, England) is a British javelin thrower.
Shelley Holroyd is the 6th British Javelin Thrower to throw over 60m (1993) and the first thrower to reach an Olympic Games since Tessa Sanderson. At the age of 23 Shelley had already competed in every championship. She started throwing at the age of 12 and at 13 threw 37m58cm to win the English Schools Championships. At the age of 16 Shelley threw 52m50 and became a senior international athlete. In 1992 Shelley broke the English Schools record with 56m50 and it is still the longest throw of all time in the English Schools Female Javelin. Later that year Holroyd was picked for the GB Junior team and subsequently came 4th at the World Junior Championships (1992) and was ranked Britains number 1 Thrower. In 1993 Holroyd threw 60m10cm to win the World Championship Trials and qualified for the World Championships, Stuttgart.
In March 1995 Holroyd was involved in a car accident that was deemed to be the end of her throwing career but she overcame her injuries to start training in July the same year. In December Holroyd was involved in a freak training accident and broke her right elbow, once again the injury was threatening her career. February 1996 saw Holroyd come back from her injury and in July 1996 she qualified for the 1996 Great Britain Olympic team.
At the 1997 World Championships in Athens Holroyd became ill during the competition after having an allergic reaction to an injection and had to pull out. It was another year plagued with injuries.
After a 17 year long spell as an international athlete Shelley retired in 2006 due to injury and moved into coaching. She now coaches Youth Olympian (2003) & former under 17 British record holder Hayley Thomas (Javelin), 2008 Paralympian Sophie Hancock (Shot Put) and 2009 IWAS Double World Junior Champion Sean Clare (Shot Putt & Discus).

</doc>
<doc id="5881044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881044" title="Falling Away from Me">
Falling Away from Me

"Falling Away from Me" is a song by American nu metal band Korn. It was released as the first single from their fourth album "Issues", debuting in an episode of Comedy Central's animated series, "South Park", entitled "Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery". The song went on to become one of Korn's most popular singles, with an anti-domestic abuse themed video topping MTV's "Total Request Live" for ten days.
Concept.
Jonathan Davis explained; 
Music video.
The video, which received its world premiere on MTV in November 1999 during Spankin' New Music Week, was directed by Limp Bizkit singer Fred Durst. It begins as a continuation of the famous video for "Freak on a Leash", starting with its closing animation. The video shows a young woman clearly distraught by her abusive father. Inside her room, she opens a box and appears to see the band inside, performing below hanging lightbulbs. The band is then surrounded by flashes of green electricity, and then appear inside her bedroom with flashes of red electricity. A crowd of young people have gathered outside the window, raising their arms in time to the beat. As her father angrily approaches her room with a belt in his hand, one of the youths appears outside her window and helps her get outside. She leaves the house as the song ends and the crowd scatters. The band dissolves into red electricity and goes straight back into the box in her hands. She then runs off into the night just as her father finally opens the door to see her empty bedroom. The video ends with a shot of the neighborhood with red lights showing in one bedroom in every house.
In the original version of the video, shortly before the band disappears into the box (once the teenage girl escapes through the window), Fred Durst made a "cameo" appearance in the video - his face appearing for a brief moment during one of the close-up shots of Jonathan Davis. Due to reasons which are somewhat unclear (it is rumoured that Davis spotted the cameo and objected), subsequent versions of the video have had the Fred Durst cameo removed.
The video enjoyed similar success to its predecessor, "Freak on a Leash", debuting on MTV's "Total Request Live" at number three, and reaching number one on its seventh day. It would eventually become Korn's third "retired" video on the program, with ten non-consecutive days at number one.
MTV Unplugged rendition.
Korn performed a memorable version of "Falling Away from Me" for the filming of "" in December 2006, featuring hand bells and a glass harmonica. It was also performed at the 2006 Download Festival with M Shadows, lead singer of Avenged Sevenfold, when a band member had fallen ill.
Chart performance.
The song garnered massive radio attention during its initial release, becoming the first Korn single to chart on "Billboard"'s Hot 100, at number ninety-nine. It also peaked at number seven on both the Mainstream Rock Songs chart and Alternative Songs chart.
See also.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery

</doc>
<doc id="5881047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881047" title="List of Statutory Instruments of Scotland, 2005">
List of Statutory Instruments of Scotland, 2005

This is an incomplete list of Scottish Statutory Instruments in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5881052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881052" title="Marshfield Municipal Airport">
Marshfield Municipal Airport

Marshfield Municipal Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881055" title="Stannus Street Rink">
Stannus Street Rink

The Stannus Street Rink, also known as the Windsor Rink, in Windsor, Nova Scotia is a former ice hockey arena, considered the oldest in Canada, having been built in 1897.
History.
The building was built in 1897 to store lumber after the town of Windsor was destroyed by fire. Every winter, a natural ice rink was made inside. The arena was home to the Windsor Maple Leafs senior team and the Windsor Swastikas. The arena stopped playing host to hockey in the 1960s with the construction of Hants Exhibition Arena. The building is currently used as a storage facility for a local car dealership.

</doc>
<doc id="5881056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881056" title="Pete Beiden Field">
Pete Beiden Field

Pete Beiden Field, formerly Varsity Park, is a baseball stadium on the campus of the California State University, Fresno in Fresno, California, United States. It was built in 1966. The field is the home of the Fresno State Bulldogs baseball team and named after former Fresno State baseball coach Pete Beiden. The park was redesigned in 1983 and now holds 5,757 people. Prior to the 2002 opening of Grizzlies Stadium, the park also was the home of the Fresno Grizzlies minor league baseball team of the triple-A Pacific Coast League.
History.
Originally known as Varsity Park, the field was dedicated in 1972 to Pete Beiden, Fresno State baseball coach from 1948–1969. Beiden, who led the program to 600 wins in his 21 seasons, was inducted in 1972 into the College Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
Stadium lighting was installed in 1969 and updated in 1996. In 1983, the venue underwent a $2.2 million redesign. In 1998, a new scoreboard, PA system, and bleacher sections along both foul lines were added. In 1999, the natural grass infield was renovated. In 2004, the left field bleacher section (added in 1998) was removed to allow for indoor batting cages and a clubhouse to be built. Following the 2010 season, further renovations added a turf "halo" surrounding the infield and a new sound system.
As of the end of the 2009 season, Fresno State has a 1023–439–1 (.699) all-time record at Beiden Field.
Fresno State will host the 2013 Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament at the stadium from May 22 through May 26, at the conclusion of their first season in the Mountain West Conference.
Features.
On the field itself, the facility features bullpens, 200,000 ft.² of grass surface, cinder-clay mix infield dirt, and a rock dirt warning track. In 2000, the American Baseball Coaches Association/Turface Field Maintenance Award was given to the field's groundskeepers. On the center field wall, the numbers of two Fresno State coaches (#2 for Pete Beiden and #26 for Bob Bennett) are displayed. In addition, a seven-foot statue of Beiden stands outside the stadium. The field's stadium lighting includes eight towers with a total of 98 bulbs.
Around the playing field, the facility includes a clubhouse, offices, batting cages, restrooms, concessions stands, and a press box suitable for 40 media members.
Attendance.
Out of the venue's capacity of 5,757 spectators, 3,575 seats are chairback. The main, concrete seating structure lies behind home plate, while additional bleacher seating lies down the right field foul line. The section behind home plate features four lower rows of box seats and sixteen upper rows of more chairback seating. The two sections are separated by a cross aisle.
In 1988 and 1989, the program led Division I college baseball in single-game attendance. In 2013, the Bulldogs ranked 45th among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 1,432 per home game.
Top 10 single games.
The following is a list of the top 10 single-game attendance figures at Beiden Field.

</doc>
<doc id="5881065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881065" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Saudi Arabia">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Saudi Arabia

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Saudi Arabia is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Saudi Arabia.
The embassy is located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Saudi Arabia since 1985. The Ambassador to Saudi Arabia is concurrently accredited to Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, and Qatar. Cross-accreditation to Egypt ceased in 2006 when New Zealand opened a resident mission in Cairo, and the cross-accreditation to the United Arab Emirates ended in 2011 with the establishment of the New Zealand Embassy in Abu Dhabi.
The New Zealand Embassy in Riyadh also oversees honorary consulates in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia and Muscat, Oman.

</doc>
<doc id="5881083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881083" title="Liver X receptor">
Liver X receptor

The liver X receptor (LXR) is a member of the nuclear receptor family of transcription factors and is closely related to nuclear receptors such as the PPARs, FXR and RXR. Liver X receptors (LXRs) are important regulators of cholesterol, fatty acid, and glucose homeostasis. LXRs were earlier classified as orphan nuclear receptors, however, upon discovery of endogenous oxysterols as ligands, they were subsequently deorphanized.
Two isoforms of LXR have been identified and are referred to as LXRα and LXRβ. The liver X receptors are classified into subfamily 1 (thyroid hormone receptor-like) of the nuclear receptor superfamily, and are given the nuclear receptor nomenclature symbols NR1H3 (LXRα) and NR1H2 (LXRβ) respectively.
LXRα and LXRβ were discovered separately between 1994-1995. LXRα isoform was independently identified by two groups and initially named RLD-1 and LXR, whereas four groups identified the LXRβ isoform and called it UR, NER, OR-1, and RIP-15. The human LXRα gene is located on chromosome 11p11.2, while the LXRβ gene is located on chromosome 19q13.3.
Expression.
While the expression of LXRα and LXRβ in various tissues somewhat overlap, the tissue distribution pattern of these two isoforms overall differ considerably. LXRα expression is restricted to liver, kidney, intestine, fat tissue, macrophages, lung, and spleen and is highest in liver, hence the name liver X receptor α (LXRα). LXRβ is expressed in almost all tissues and organs, hence the early name UR (ubiquitous receptor). The different pattern of expression suggests that LXRα and LXRβ have different roles in regulating physiological function.
Activation/ligands.
LXRα and LXRβ form heterodimers with the obligate partner 9-cis retinoic acid receptor (RXR). The LXR/RXR heterodimer can be activated with either an LXR agonist (oxysterols) or a RXR agonist (9-cis-retinoic acid). Oxysterols, the oxygenated derivatives of cholesterol, such as 22(R)-hydroxycholesterol, 24(S)-hydroxycholesterol, 27-hydroxycholesterol, and cholestenoic acid, are the natural ligands for LXR. After activation, LXR binds to LXR response element (LXRE), usually a variant of the idealized sequence AGGTCAN4AGGTCA, in the promoters of LXRs' target genes. Some synthetic LXR agonists have been developed, including nonsteroidal LXR agonists T0901317 and GW3965.
Target Genes.
Target genes of LXRs are involved in cholesterol and lipid metabolism regulation, including:
Roles of LXR in metabolism.
The importance of LXRs in physiological lipid and cholesterol metabolism suggests that they may influence the development of metabolic disorders such as hyper lipidemia and atherosclerosis. Evidence for this idea has been observed by recent studies that linked LXR activity to the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. LXRα knockout mice are healthy when fed with a low-cholesterol diet. However, LXRα knockout mice develop enlarged fatty livers, degeneration of liver cells, high cholesterol levels in liver, and impaired liver function when fed a high-cholesterol diet. LXRβ knockout mice are unaffected by a high-cholesterol diet, suggesting that LXRα and LXRβ have separate roles. LXRs regulate fatty acid synthesis by modulating the expression of sterol regulatory element binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c). LXRs also regulate lipid homeostasis in the brain. LXRα and LXRβ double knockout mice develop neurodegenerative changes in brain tissue. LXRβ knockout mice results in adult-onset motor neuron degeneration in male mice.
Clinical significance of LXR agonists.
LXR agonists are effective for treatment of murine models of atherosclerosis, diabetes, anti-inflammation, and Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with LXR agonists (hypocholamide, T0901317, GW3965, or N,N-dimethyl-3beta-hydroxy-cholenamide (DMHCA)) lowers the cholesterol level in serum and liver and inhibits the development of atherosclerosis in murine disease models. Synthetic LXR agonist GW3965 improves glucose tolerance in a murine model of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by regulating genes involved in glucose metabolism in liver and adipose tissue.< GW3965 inhibits the expression of inflammatory mediators in cultured macrophage and inflammation in mice. LXR agonists (T0901317, 22(R)-hydroxycholesterol, and 24(S)-hydroxycholesterol) were also shown to suppress the proliferation of prostate cancer and breast cancer cells as well as delay progression of prostate cancer from androgen-dependent status to androgen-independent status. Treatment with T0901317 decreases amyloidal beta production in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model. However, both T0901317 and GW3965 have been reported to increase plasma and liver triglycerides in some mice models, indicating that T0901317 and GW3965 may not be a good candidate for a therapeutic agent. Developing new potent and effective LXR agonists without the undesirable side effects may be beneficial for clinical usage. In this regard, DMHCA was reported to reduce atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice without inducing hypertriglyceridemia and liver steatosis. When lipogenesis is increased by pharmacological activation of the liver X receptor, hepatic VLDL production is increased 2.5-fold, and the liver produces large TG-rich VLDL particles. Interestingly, glucose induces expression of LXR target genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis like ABCA1 which is defective in Tangier disease. A common feature of many metabolic pathways is their control by retinoid X receptor (RXR) heterodimers. It is interesting to note that LXR heterodimerises with RXR. Promiscuous RXR also heterodimerises with PPAR members. PPAR-α plays a pivotal role in fatty acid catabolism in liver by upregulating the expression of numerous genes involved in mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation. Thus RXR is a common partner of two nuclear receptors acting in opposite directions with regard to fatty acid metabolism. So both LXR and PPAR-α compete for the limited pool of RXR and this dynamic equilibrium determines the direction of lipid metabolism.
The hexacyclic aromatic ketones, (-)anthrabenzoxocinone and (-)bischloroanthrabenzoxocinone ((-)-BABX) derived from a "Streptomyces sp." have micromolar affinity for LXR-α.

</doc>
<doc id="5881097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881097" title="Batuo">
Batuo

The Indian dhyana master Buddhabhadra () was the first abbot of Shaolin Monastery.
"Former Worthies Gather at the Mount Shuang-feng Stūpa and Each Talks of the Dark Principle" contains the following reference to him:Dhyana Master Buddha says: "The extreme principle is wordless. The sagely mind is unimpeded." According to the Deng Feng County Recording ("Deng Feng Xian Zhi"), Bátuó came to China in 464 CE and preached Nikaya (小乘) Buddhism for thirty years. Thirty-one years later, in 495, the Shaolin Monastery was built by the order of Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei for Batuo's preaching.
Bátuó's disciples Sengchou and Huiguang were both expert in the martial arts by the time they began their studies of religion with Batuo

</doc>
<doc id="5881109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881109" title="Santa Cruz de la Serós">
Santa Cruz de la Serós

Santa Cruz de la Serós is a village in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. Located 88 kilometers from the city of Huesca, it is located at a hill side on the way to the Monastery of San Juan de la Peña.
Monuments.
The village is known for its two First Romanesque churches from which the village takes its name: Serós is a derivation of Sorores, Sister nouns.

</doc>
<doc id="5881115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881115" title="Erotic Essay">
Erotic Essay

The Erotic Essay () constitutes along with the "Funeral Oration" the two epideictic speeches ascribed to the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes, which are still extant. According to Ian Worthington, the speech was written probably between the late 350s and 335 BC (during Demosthenes' lifetime), but its real author is unknown. Friedrich Blass believes that it belongs to a member of a school of Isocrates. I. Worthington believes that the content and style of the Erotic Essay is the most removed from Demosthenes' other writings and asserts that the oration is influenced by both Plato and Isocrates. In terms of context, the essay is written for a youth named Epicrates, about whom nothing is known. The author attempts to counsel Epicrates and the audience on what is best for a person. He maintains that through the study of philosophy a person will become a virtuous citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="5881118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881118" title="Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra">
Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra

The Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra (PRSO) ("Orquesta Sinfónica de Puerto Rico" in Spanish) a musical ensemble sponsored by the Government of Puerto Rico. It has 80 regular musicians from around the world performing a 52-week season which includes symphonic concerts, operas, ballets, pops, and other activities.
History.
The history of the PRSO dates back to 1956 when famed cellist Don Pablo Casals visited the island to see his family and to discover the land where his mother was born. Soon after, he would dedicate most of his work to foster classical music in Puerto Rico. In 1957, he organized the first annual Casals Festival, where he invited classical musicians to perform several concerts to Puerto Ricans and tourists alike. It was during this multi-week festival that state legislator Ernesto Ramos Antonini presented a bill which would create the Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra, receiving much praise and support from both the public and other state legislators. After the law was signed by then Governor of Puerto Rico Luis Muñoz Marín, the task of organizing the orchestra was given to the same group which organized the Casals Festival. The first live concert was performed on November 6, 1958 in Mayagüez, hometown of Don Pablo Casals’s mother.
The PRSO has hosted various artists, including Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, Justino Díaz, Kiri Te Kanawa, and Alicia de Larrocha, among others, and has performed in various Central and South American countries as well as in the United States. In addition to its 48 week regular season, the PRSO also organizes several concerts and activities for the purpose of fulfilling Don Casals’s dream of fostering classical music in Puerto Rico. These activities include: "Conoce tu Orquesta" (“Know Your Orchestra”), "La Sinfónica en tu Pueblo" (“The Orchestra In Your Town”), "La Sinfónica en las Universidades" (“The Orchestra in Universities”), and "La Sinfónica en los Residenciales" (“The Orchestra In The Projects”; i.e. public housing), as well as performing in the annual Casals Festival.
The PRSO is currently managed by the Musical Arts Corporation of the government of Puerto Rico, who also organizes the annual Casals Festival. The PRSO regularly performs at the Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5881119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881119" title="Henry Thomas Herbert Piaggio">
Henry Thomas Herbert Piaggio

Henry Thomas Herbert Piaggio (2 June 1884–26 June 1967) was an English mathematician. Educated at the City of London School and St John's College Cambridge, he was appointed lecturer in mathematics at the University of Nottingham in 1908 and then the first Professor of Mathematics in 1919. He was the author of "An Elementary Treatise on Differential Equations and their Applications".-

</doc>
<doc id="5881127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881127" title="Reach (S Club 7 song)">
Reach (S Club 7 song)

"Reach" is a song by S Club 7, released as a single on 22 May 2000. "Reach" is an up-tempo track co-written by Cathy Dennis and Andrew Todd (of British electro-rock band Republica fame). The song debut at its number 2 peak on the UK charts, with first week sales of almost 124,000 (more than the first week sales of their two previous singles). It spent 3 weeks at its peak, unable to dislodge Sonique's "It Feels So Good" from number one. It is one of the group's most popular songs. Reach was the theme tune to the second series of the group's CBBC series, "L.A. 7".
Song information and music video.
"Reach", the fourth single from S Club 7, is an uptempo, feel-good track. The song discusses how, if you follow your dreams, and "reach for the stars", you're destined to fulfill your goals. Like songs before it, "Reach" sees vocals shared around the group.
"Reach" was originally recorded for S Club 7's first album, and was performed by the group as a featured track on the "Boyfriends & Birthdays" TV special which aired on 12 December 1999. This track instantly became popular and, after some minor adjustments, was chosen as the first single from the group's second album "7".
The song was a popular track on all three of their arena tours. The group often commented on how audience members of all ages would "go crazy" for the song. On the "S Club United" tour, a clip from the "Reach" video of Paul singing was played during his part, due to his departure from the band the year before.
The music video takes place in a small, quiet American town in California called Littlerock. At the start of the video, many of the townsfolk and going about with their everyday lives, until, all of a sudden S Club 7 arrive in a large pink bus. There are strong contrasting colours in this music video, with the dull appearance of the town and the people in it, contrasting with the bright colours of S Club's pink and yellow bus.
In the video, S Club 7 have arrived to spread a little joy to the people in the town. To symbolise this, they distribute neon bubblegum which, when the townsfolk chew them, they become happy and realise that their dreams can be met, and are not limited to just a small town. Throughout the video, many groups of people - such as, the local school kids and a brass band - come to see the group as their drive through their town.
At the end of the video, with their job done, S Club exit the town in their pink bus, by driving into the distance, eventually lifting up off the ground and disappearing.
It was revealed that the smoke that was emitted from the S Club bus when any candies were given made the extras on set cough and splutter, meaning many shots had to be taken more than once.
The song sold 500,000 copies in the UK according to the Official UK Charts Company.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Reach".
Alternative versions.
There have been many alternate vocal takes of "Reach" which have been heard due to remixes of the track. The Almighty remix has Jon singing Jo's first verse, whereas the Steve Anderson remix has Jo and Bradley dividing Jon's verse between them and Jo also takes Paul's middle 8 section. There has been no official word on why these vocals exist or indeed why they were used on the band's official remixes.
S Club 7 did a duet of the song with S Club Juniors as a B-Side for their single One Step Closer.

</doc>
<doc id="5881132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881132" title="First Look">
First Look

First Look could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881134" title="Sallustia Orbiana">
Sallustia Orbiana

Seia Herennia Sallustia Barbia Orbiana Augusta (fl. 220s), also known as Barbia Orbiana, was an "Augusta" of the Roman Empire and briefly the wife of Emperor Severus Alexander. She was known for her beauty, which was captured in multiple works of art. Following the execution of her father Seius Sallustius, she was exiled to North Africa, after only two years as empress.
Augusta.
Orbiana was born to influential Roman Senator Seius Sallustius in the early third century CE. In August 225, at about the age of 16 years, she wed Roman Emperor Severus Alexander in an arrangement organized by the emperor's mother, Julia Mamaea. After Orbiana was given the title of "Augusta", Mamaea grew jealous, due to her desire for complete ownership of all feminine imperial titles, and the strong bond that developed between Orbiana and Severus. She treated Orbiana cruelly, forcing her to seek refuge with her father, Sallustius, who is believed to had been appointed as a Caesar. Sallustius consulted with the Praetorian Guard for protection of Orbiana, but the act was determined to be treasonous. In August 227, Sallustius was executed, and Orbiana was stripped of her title, divorced and exiled to the province of Libya in North Africa. Severus Alexander had the power to intervene, but chose not to. He and his mother later died during the usurpation by Maximinus Thrax in 235, ending the Severan dynasty.
Depictions.
A notable statue of Orbiana, represented as "Venus Felix", was unearthed near the church of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme. The marble, now in the Cortile Belvedere of the Vatican Museums, was dedicated the empress by her "liberti", Helpidius and Sallustia. Besides a limited emission of coinage in bronze and silver, several Roman gold coins were minted with Orbiana's visage, including a coin which sold for £26.00 in 1897. She was the only wife of Severus to be featured on coins.

</doc>
<doc id="5881135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881135" title="Ernie Young">
Ernie Young

Ernest Wesley Young (born July 8, 1969) is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics (1994–97), Kansas City Royals (1998), Arizona Diamondbacks (1999), Detroit Tigers (2003), and Cleveland Indians (2004). He also played one season in Japan for the Yokohama BayStars (2002).
In his major league career, Young played in 288 games, had 179 hits, 27 home runs, 90 RBI, 10 stolen bases, and a .225 batting average. In 2000, he led the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds with 35 home runs (second in the entire St. Louis Cardinals organization to Jim Edmonds'42) and 98 RBIs (third in the organization behind Troy Farnsworth with 113 and Edmonds with 108). He won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in the 2000 Sydney Olympics. On June 12, 2006, he hit his 300th career minor league home run. As a member of the Oakland Athletics, in a game against the Detroit Tigers, Young started a triple play with a leaping catch in center field.
Following his retirement after the 2007 season, Young became the hitting coach on the Chicago White Sox's rookie-level team, the Great Falls Voyagers. On November 21, 2008, he was named the manager of the Kannapolis Intimidators for the 2009 season. In 2011, Young was tabbed to manage the West Michigan Whitecaps, the class A affiliate of the Detroit Tigers, a position he retained for the 2012 season, but not for 2013. Young currently serves on the Board of Directors of USA Baseball and managed the Team USA Professional Team for the 2011 World Cup and Pan Am Games.

</doc>
<doc id="5881140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881140" title="Taylor County Airport">
Taylor County Airport

Taylor County Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881145" title="Colette Cassidy">
Colette Cassidy

Colette Cassidy is a television news reporter, journalist, writer, and speaker.
Career.
Cassidy served as primetime newsbreak anchor for MSNBC as well as an occasional host of MSNBC Live. Previously she was a reporter and weekend anchor at CBS station KYW TV3 in Philadelphia, where she 
joined the station as a writer/producer in 1994. By December 1995, she had moved on to general assignment and in December 2002, she was promoted to the anchor seat.
Personal.
She is a New Jersey native, who was raised outside of Dublin, Ireland. She is a graduate of Marywood University in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Cassidy is a passionate Alzheimer's awareness raising advocate and fundraises for the Alzheimer's Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5881154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881154" title="Physogaleus">
Physogaleus

Physogaleus is a small prehistoric shark that lived from the Oligocene into the Miocene.
Description.
"Physogaleus" are only known from their fossil teeth and isolated vertebra.
"Physogaleus" has teeth similar to the modern tiger shark, but smaller. It was actually thought to be a type of tiger shark (Galeocerdo). However, due to the many smaller differences in the shark teeth, it has been moved to its own genera.
"Physogaleus" teeth are smaller than the tiger sharks, they also do not have the heavy serrations, and are slender and twisted toward the crown. This indicates they probably had a diet of bony fish, similar to the living sand-tiger shark.
In popular culture.
It was featured in the book adaptation of the 2003 BBC series "Sea Monsters", a spin-off to "Walking with Dinosaurs" (1999). In the book, it tried to steal the kill of a "Basilosaurus", with no results. It may have also appeared in "Walking with Beasts", although the companion book identifies the shows' sharks as modern snaggletooth sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="5881155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881155" title="Pretty Little Baka Guy">
Pretty Little Baka Guy

Pretty Little Baka Guy is a 1986 album by the female Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife. It was re-released in the US as side one of a record/tape, with side two being Live In Japan (see below). There have been many releases of this album in various countries over the years, with each release containing different rare tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5881158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881158" title="Jim McDonald">
Jim McDonald

Jim McDonald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881161" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to South Korea">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to South Korea

The Ambassador from New Zealand to South Korea is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Korea, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in South Korea.
The embassy is located in Seoul, South Korea's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in South Korea since 1976. The Ambassador to South Korea is concurrently accredited to North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="5881173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881173" title="People of the Deer">
People of the Deer

People of the Deer (published in 1952, revised in 1975) is Canadian author Farley Mowat's first book, and brought him literary recognition. The novel is based upon a series of travels the author undertook in the Canadian barren lands, of Keewatin Region, west of Hudson Bay. The most important of these expeditions was in the winter of 1947–48. During his travels Mowat studied the lives of the Ihalmiut, a small population of Inuit people, whose existence depended heavily on the large population of caribou in the region. Besides descriptions of nature and life in the Arctic, Mowat's book tells the sad story of how a once prosperous and widely dispersed people slowly dwindled to the brink of extinction due to unscrupulous economic interest and lack of understanding.
Reception.
The factuality of this book was debated in the House of Commons of Canada in 1953. Mowat was derided as a liar by Jean Lesage (then Minister of Northern Affairs and National Resources) and the existence of the Ihalmiut was questioned. Mowat's account of the famine, epidemics and forced relocation of the Ihalmiut continued to be denied for decades by churches, industry and government. However, the version of the story told in "People of the Deer" and several subsequent works, has since been vindicated.
As Suzanne Methot states in a review of Mowat's "Walking on the Land": "Fact: the Ihalmiut existed, and they were relocated to useless expanses of land no fewer than three times, shunted about by a government intent on building a colonial vision from sea to sea to sea." According to Methot the vilification of Mowat, who was dubbed "Hardly Nowit" and pictured in "Saturday Night" magazine with a Pinocchio nose, continued into the 1990's. She describes the story told by Mowat as one "of horrifying neglect and outright stupidity on the part of the federal government." Of the controversy surrounding Mowat's epic, Margaret Atwood is quoted as saying: 
According to Tim Querengesser in an article about the conflicting attitudes toward Mowat, "People of the Deer" and his later books, fuelled increasing interest in the North. Some Northerners, such as Jim Bell, editor of the "Nunatsiaq News" in Iqaluit, agree that Mowat got some facts wrong, but believe that his ends justified his means: “There are people alive today who would likely be dead or not even be born if Farley Mowat had not written about the famines in the Keewatin region in the 1950s...That is a legacy that can never be taken away from him.”
Second edition.
In the foreword to the 1974 edition of "People of the Deer", Mowat addresses the concerns about factuality. He states that, when the first book was published, “it was impossible for me to obtain documentary corroboration for much of the story.” According to Mowat, the “Old Empire” of the North—the missions, the RCMP and the government—held the proof. “I was therefore forced to be somewhat circumspect.” The story without omissions, changed names or distortions of time and space, as presented in "The Desperate People"—the 1959 follow-up to "People of the Deer"—“is the correct one.”
Reviews.
"The New York Times Book Review" published a dismissive review on February 24, 1952. "The Beaver" was quite hostile in its first review. The second review, by A. E. Porsild, was equally hostile, questioning the existence of the Ihalmiut. Despite a few harsh reviews, however, "People of the Deer" was generally well received; published in the Atlantic Monthly, and "showered with glowing international reviews."
Awards.
The book was awarded the Anisfield-Wolfe Book Award by the Anisfield-Wolfe Foundation in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5881174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881174" title="Plesiopleurodon">
Plesiopleurodon

Plesiopleurodon is an extinct genus of plesiosauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America. It was named by Carpenter based upon a complete skull and lower jaws, neck vertebrae, and a right coracoid. It was collected from the Belle Fourche Shale (lower Cenomanian), in the Rattlesnake Hills of Wyoming. In naming the specimen, Carpenter (1996, p. 264) noted "Of all known pliosaurs, "Plesiopleurodon wellesi" most closely resembles "Liopleurodon ferox" from the Oxfordian of Europe, hence the generic reference."
The species is characterized by a moderately long symphysis bearing 8 pairs of teeth, teeth that are nearly circular in cross-section and which are smooth on the outer surface (except near the base), ribs of the neck vertebrae being singled-headed (double-headed in Jurassic pliosaurs), and a long slender interpectoral bar on the coracoid.

</doc>
<doc id="5881181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881181" title="Yoann Gourcuff">
Yoann Gourcuff

Yoann Miguel Gourcuff (; born 11 July 1986) is a French international footballer who currently plays for Lyon in Ligue 1. He operates mainly as an attacking midfielder, but can also be utilized as a withdrawn striker and is described as a "playmaker of real quality" who "is an accomplished passer of the ball". Gourcuff has been described by former French international David Ginola as the best French player of his generation. His playing style and ability have drawn comparisons to French legend Zinedine Zidane.
Gourcuff is the son of Christian Gourcuff, the current manager of Ligue 1 club FC Lorient, where Yoann began his career. In 2001, he followed in his father's footsteps and joined Rennes. After progressing through the youth ranks and making the senior team, Gourcuff quickly became a fan favorite among supporters and his individual achievements soon led to interest from clubs abroad, which resulted in a move to Italian club AC Milan. Gourcuff achieved many club honours despite not being able to break into the starting eleven, which resulted in the player being sent on loan to Ligue 1 club Bordeaux in his home country of France. Following a successful season, in which Bordeaux captured the league and league cup double and Gourcuff attained several individuals honours, he signed with the club permanently. Gourcuff is a former winner of the UNFP Ligue 1 Player of the Year award and, in December 2009, was named the French Player of the Year for the 2009 calendar year. In August 2010, he joined Olympique Lyonnais on a five-year contract.
Gourcuff is a French international. Prior to playing at senior level, he played on the under-19 team that won the 2005 European Under-19 Football Championship. Gourcuff made his senior national team debut in August 2008. He scored his first international goal two months later against Romania. Gourcuff made his first major tournament appearance for France at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Since joining the national team, he has been inserted into the playmaker role, a position that was vacated and never filled following the retirement of Zidane in 2006.
Early and personal life.
Gourcuff was born on 11 July 1986 in Ploemeur, Morbihan, Brittany to parents Dr. Marine Thalouarn and Christian Gourcuff, both of whom are Bretons. He comes from a very athletic family: his mother was a basketball player, his older brother, Erwan, is a competitive swimmer and cyclist, while his father was a former footballer who played for several clubs in such countries as France, Switzerland, and Canada, however, he is best known for his time at Rennes, Lorient, and Le Mans. Gourcuff's father later moved into managerial roles, having stints at Rennes, Le Mans, Lorient (twice), and Qatari club Al-Gharafa. He currently serves as manager of Lorient, his third stint at the club, whom he has managed since 2003. As a youth, the younger Gourcuff excelled at both football and tennis, becoming the top player of his age group (12), but eventually opted to focus on football. While beginning his career as a football player, Gourcuff admired and drew inspiration from the playing style of the Brazil national team from the 1970s, whom he discovered from watching tapes with his father. He often attempted to emulate the skills of Brazilian legend Pelé.
Club career.
Early career and Rennes.
Gourcuff began his career with Lorient, who were, at the time, managed by his father Christian in 1992. During his time at Lorient, he also trained at PEF Ploufragan, a regional academy located in the Brittany region that trained players similarly to the Clairefontaine academy in the Île-de-France. Further to his father's departure to Stade Rennais, Gourcuff, who initially considered rivals Nantes, followed suit and signed an "aspirant" (youth) contract with the club in 2001. He spent two years in the club's youth academy and, while competing domestically in the system, Gourcuff played on the club's under-19 team that won the 2003 edition of the Coupe Gambardella. Rennes defeated Strasbourg 4–1 in the final match at the Stade de France. Gourcuff scored the club's opening goal. Included on that team with Gourcuff were future club and international teammates Jimmy Briand and Sylvain Marveaux.
Ahead of the 2003–04 season. Gourcuff was promoted to the club's reserve team in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth level of French football, Gourcuff appeared in 15 matches and scored two goals with the team before signing his first professional contract in November 2003, which resulted in his promotion to the senior team by manager Laszlo Bölöni. Gourcuff made his professional debut on 25 January 2004 in a 2–0 victory to Croix-de-Savoie in the Coupe de France appearing as a substitute. On 7 February, he made his league debut in a 2–0 defeat to Auxerre appearing as a substitute. Following the match, he was relegated back to the reserve team. Gourcuff returned to the senior team in late March making two more substitute appearances against Strasbourg and Lille. On 18 April, he made his first professional start in a 3–1 win over Bordeaux. Gourcuff made his second career start on the final match day of the season assisting on a goal in a 4–0 victory over Montpellier.
For the second consecutive season under Bölöni, Gourcuff rotated between the club's reserve team and the senior team. He appeared in nine matches with the reserve team and 21 with the senior team. Gourcuff only started six matches with the latter team scoring no goals and providing one assist. In the 2005–06 season, he was re-assigned the number 10 shirt by Bölöni and giving a starting place within the team. In his first season as a starter, Gourcuff appeared in 42 total matches and scored six goals. He formed midfield partnerships with fellow Frenchman Olivier Monterrubio and the Swede Kim Källström and made his European debut on 15 September in a UEFA Cup first round tie against Spanish club Osasuna appearing as a substitute. Rennes won the tie 3–1 on aggregate and were later eliminated in the group stage portion of the competition. Three days after his European debut, on 18 September, Gourcuff scored his first professional goal against Monaco in a 2–0 win. In November, Gourcuff scored goals in back-to-back matches against Troyes and Toulouse. In the latter part of the season, Gourcuff went on a scoring run netting three goals in a span of four weeks. He scored the first of these goals on 25 February 2006 in a 4–1 away win over Lyon. After going a week without a goal, Gourcuff responded by scoring goals in back-to-back weeks in wins over Ajaccio and Metz. In the Coupe de France, Gourcuff appeared in all four of the team's matches as Rennes reached the semi-finals where the club was defeated 3–0 by Marseille. Rennes ultimately finished the season in 7th place in the league, which resulted in the club qualifying for the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Gourcuff finished his Rennes career with 80 appearances, six goals, and nine assists.
Milan.
Following the season, Gourcuff was linked to a host of big name European clubs such as Dutch club Ajax, Spanish club Valencia, and English club Arsenal. He ultimately joined Italian club Milan. He signed a five-year contract with the transfer fee being priced at €4.58 million. Gourcuff was assigned the number 20 shirt and made his competitive debut for the "Rossoneri" on 9 August 2006 in the club's UEFA Champions League third qualifying round tie against Serbian club Red Star Belgrade. He appeared as a substitute in the 81st minute for Andrea Pirlo as Milan won the match 1–0. In his next competitive match with the club against Greek outfit AEK Athens in the Champions League group stage, Gourcuff scored his first career goal for the club in a 3–0 win. Gourcuff didn't make his Serie A debut until 20 September playing the entire match in a 1–0 win over Ascoli. In the ensuing matches, Gourcuff rotated between the starting lineup and the bench and capped the season by scoring in Milan's final match of the Seria A season; a 3–2 defeat to Udinese. Despite not appearing in the 2007 UEFA Champions League Final, which Milan won, Gourcuff did earn a winner's medal with the club as a result of his participation in the group stage and knockout round matches.
Due to Milan winning the UEFA Champions League, Gourcuff was included in the squads that competed in the 2007 UEFA Super Cup and the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup, though he didn't appear in the former match and appeared infrequently in the latter competition. In the 2007–08 Serie A season, Gourcuff struggled for playing time as he was in direct competition with the Brazilian international and 2007 FIFA World Player of the Year winner Kaká. Gourcuff's development and attitude at the club was also questioned by manager Carlo Ancelotti who critically stated that the player had psychological issues. Gourcuff only appeared in 15 league matches for the club starting only four. He scored his only goal of the season on 31 October 2007 in a 5–0 hammering of Sampdoria. On 24 February 2008, after appearing as a half-time substitute, Gourcuff assisted on the game-winning goal scored in the 90th minute by Filippo Inzaghi in Milan's 2–1 win over Palermo. In the final nine matches of the season, Gourcuff was an unused substitute in seven of them. In Gourcuff's final match at the club, he asssisted on the final goal by Alexandre Pato in the club 5–1 win over Reggina.
Following the season, on 31 May 2008, Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani revealed that the club would loan Gourcuff to French club Bordeaux for the entire 2008–09 season to allow him more playing time. In 2010, in an interview with French newspaper L'Equipe, former Milan captain Paolo Maldini stated that Gourcuff lacked discipline while at the club and often distanced himself from the team citing the player's refusal to learn the Italian language. Maldini also stated that Gourcuff did not give his all during his stint at Milan and that the player himself knew it. Gourcuff did not respond to the comments, but his father, Christian, did stating to France Football that there was some sort of conspiracy out there looking to tarnish his son's image. The elder Gourcuff responded to Maldini's charges stating his son "took two hours (of Italian language courses) per day and spoke Italian after two months" and that "he is passionate about tactics" in response to Maldini saying Gourcuff refused to learn Italian and he was limited tactically. Gourcuff was also defended by his club president Jean-Louis Triaud at his former club Bordeaux who stated in response to Maldini's comments "Yoann is not like that. A number ten who does not play with the group is a little weird. This does not correspond at all to what we saw with Yoann at Bordeaux. He was well integrated with his teammates, and collectively with them on the ground. He left good memories here."
Bordeaux.
At Bordeaux, Gourcuff quickly asserted himself into the squad for the 2008–09 season scoring on his league debut against Caen in a 2–1 victory and also helping Bordeaux capture their 2nd Trophée des champions title. He scored Bordeaux's 4th and final goal in the team's 4–0 triumph over Vannes in the Coupe de la Ligue final. Gourcuff also provided the assist on the third goal. He scored two goals in Bordeaux's Champions League campaign against Roma and CFR Cluj. On 11 January 2009, Gourcuff scored a goal that was voted the goal of the season by fans against Paris Saint-Germain in a 4–0 victory. Upon receiving the ball from teammate Matthieu Chalmé, just outside of the box, Gourcuff performed a swift "Marseille turn", eluding PSG defender Sylvain Armand, followed by quickly shifting the ball from his right foot to his left causing Sammy Traoré to lose balance, before bringing the ball back to his right foot and blasting it past Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper Mickaël Landreau with the outside of his right foot.
The following two weeks, Gourcuff scored his fifth and sixth goals, respectively, against Nantes in a 2–1 victory and Lille in a 2–2 draw. After going goalless in the league for seven straight weeks, Gourcuff got back on track scoring against relegation-bound Le Havre. On 20 April 2009, Gourcuff scored his first career double against his former club Rennes in a 3–2 victory. In the ensuing three weeks, Gourcuff maintained his form scoring in all three matches, against Sochaux, Valenciennes, and Le Mans giving him a tally of 12 league goals for the season. Bordeaux won all three matches, which effectively put them in first place position heading into the final week of the season. Bordeaux eventually won the league capturing the sixth title in the club's history. The club also recorded its second ever double, as a result of its Coupe de la Ligue title. For his efforts during the 2008–09 season, Gourcuff was awarded the UNFP Ligue 1 Player of the Year award. He was also named in the organization's Ligue 1 Team of the Year. His performances during the 2008–09 season later earned him a nomination by the French magazine France Football for the 2009 Ballon d'Or award, won by Lionel Messi as Gourcuff finished in 20th place with six points.
Due to Gourcuff's impressive season, his parent club announced that it would be open to the player returning to Milan for the 2009–10 season. However, the club's plans were put on halt after learning of Bordeaux's intent to meet Gourcuff's buy-out clause of €15 million included in the loan deal. Despite general manager Adriano Galliani and new manager Leonardo's efforts to persuade Gourcuff to return, on 28 May, it was announced that Bordeaux had signed Gourcuff permanently from Milan with Gourcuff agreeing to a four-year deal. The transfer fee was €13.6 million.
Gourcuff began the 2009–10 season claiming his fourth silverware with Bordeaux on 25 July 2009, winning the 2009 Trophée des Champions title in a 2–0 victory over Guingamp. As a result of his performance, he was named Man of the Match. Two weeks later, he scored a double in the club's opening match of the league season against Lens. The final result was 4–1. The victory set a record in league play for most consecutive wins for the club with 12. On 23 August, he scored another set of goals, this time against Nice in a 4–0 victory.
In the UEFA Champions League, Gourcuff assisted on Bordeaux's only goal in the club's opening 1–1 draw against Italian club Juventus scored by Jaroslav Plašil. On 30 September, Gourcuff suffered a groin injury in the club's 1–0 victory over Israeli club Maccabi Haifa, which forced him to miss two league matches and an international call up. Bordeaux lost both matches. He returned to the team for Bordeaux's back-to-back matches with German club Bayern Munich. In the first match, which Bordeaux won 2–1, Gourcuff missed a penalty after attempting to cheekily chip the ball over goalkeeper Hans-Jörg Butt, however in the second match, he made amends scoring the game-winning goal in Bordeaux's 2–0 victory at the Allianz Arena. Bordeaux eventually finished the group stage portion undefeated.
For most of November and the early part of December, Gourcuff suffered a dip in form in league play going scoreless and also not providing any assists. Manager Laurent Blanc later stated that Gourcuff had lacked confidence since returning from his injury following Gourcuff's second penalty miss of the season in the club's midweek 1–0 victory over Montpellier on 16 November. However, three days later, Gourcuff returned to form scoring a goal and providing the assists on the other three goals in Bordeaux's 4–1 win over Lorient. On 20 December, he was declared by magazine France Football the French Player of the Year for 2009 beating out the likes of Nicolas Anelka, Hugo Lloris, Thierry Henry, and Franck Ribéry; the latter having won the award the past two seasons prior.
On 23 February 2010, Gourcuff assisted on Bordeaux's only goal, scored by Michaël Ciani, in the club's shutout victory away to Greek club Olympiacos in the first leg of its UEFA Champions League knockout round match following his delivery of a powerful and driven free kick into the box that landed at the head of the defenseman. In the second leg, he scored the opening goal in the 5th minute converting a free kick to put Bordeaux up 2–0 on aggregate. The team won the tie with a 3–1 aggregate scoreline to advance to the quarter-finals where Bordeaux faced league rivals Lyon. In the first leg, which Lyon won 3–1, Gourcuff provided the assist on an away goal scored by Marouane Chamakh. In the second leg, Bordeaux recorded a first half goal, but were unable to score another as Lyon advanced to the semi-finals on a 3–2 aggregate scoreline. On 24 April in a league match against Lorient, Gourcuff endured a recurring groin injury during the early stages of the match. Despite showing signs of injury, Gourcuff remained in the match until the end of the first half. Due to the injury, Gourcuff missed the Bordeaux's final five league matches. The club recorded two wins, one draw, and two losses in the five matches which resulted in Bordeaux failing to qualify for European competition next season.
In the 2010–11 season, Gourcuff appeared in Bordeaux's first three league matches of the season. On 22 August 2010, French media reported that, on the eve of the team's match against Paris Saint-Germain, the midfielder had informed Bordeaux officials of his intent to join Lyon. Gourcuff was, subsequently, relegated to the bench for the match. In his final match with the club, he appeared as a substitute and assisted on the game-winning goal scored by Ciani in injury time.
Lyon.
On 23 August 2010, Lyon confirmed on its website that the club had reached an agreement with Bordeaux for the transfer of Gourcuff. After passing his medical on 25 August, Gourcuff signed a five-year contract with the club for a fee of €22 million, to be paid in three installments by 31 December 2012. Gourcuff selected the number 29 shirt and made his club debut on 28 August in the team's 2–0 defeat to Lorient. Gourcuff appeared as a substitute in the match for the injured César Delgado. On 17 October, he scored his first goal for the Lyon in the club's 3–1 win over Lille. In the UEFA Champions League, Gourcuff scored his first goal in the team's 4–3 group stage defeat to Portuguese club Benfica on 2 November. In mid-November, he assisted on game-winning goals in back-to-back weeks against Nice and Lens.
In early February 2011, Gourcuff admitted that he was "disappointed and frustrated" with his performances with Lyon since joining the club stating "I expected a lot more of myself" and "It's clear that my attacking contribution is not enough". Gourcuff also admitted that he was struggling to adapt to the style of manager Claude Puel, though the player later clarified his statements stating that they were misinterpreted. Two weeks after his comments, on 18 February 2011, Gourcuff scored his third goal for Lyon in the club's 4–0 win over Nancy. He, subsequently, went scoreless for the next two months with his only statistical output being an assist on a Jimmy Briand goal in a 3–0 win over Lens on 10 April. On 27 April, Gourcuff scored the match-winning goal in a 3–2 victory against Montpellier after appearing as a substitute two minutes prior. A week later, his season was ended prematurely after suffering an adductor injury in a 2–0 defeat to Toulouse. Gourcuff finished his debut campaign at Lyon with 36 total appearances, four goals, and five assists.
On 26 July 2011, it was reported by Lyon that Gourcuff would undergo ankle surgery in order to heal a niggling ankle complaint. The surgery ruled Gourcuff out for the club's entire 2011–12 pre-season campaign. In September 2011, he suffered an injury setback in training, which prevented the player from making his debut under new manager Rémi Garde against Marseille on 18 September. Gourcuff made his season debut a month later appearing as a substitute in a 3–1 win over Nancy. Two weeks later, he scored his first goal of the season in a 2–0 win over rivals Saint-Étienne.
International career.
Youth.
Gourcuff was capped for France at the schoolboy level earning his first youth cap with the under-17 team in a 0–0 draw with Spain on 18 September 2002. He scored his first goal for the team on 5 February 2003 in a friendly match against the Czech Republic. Gourcuff finished the season with the under-17 team accumulating twelve appearances and netting two goals as the squad failed to qualify for the 2003 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship. Gourcuff made only four appearances with the under-18 team scoring his only goal on 30 October in a 2–2 friendly draw with the Ukraine. Gourcuff returned to international level with the under-19 team and was a part of the winning team at the 2005 European Under-19 Football Championship. Leading up to the tournament, Gourcuff scored goals against Armenia in the first qualifying round and Spain in the Elite round. The 1–0 victory over Spain assured France's qualification for the tournament. In the tournament, Gourcuff scored a hat-trick in a 3–1 victory over Norway converting two penalty kicks and scoring in the run of play. He assisted on two goals in the team's 3–2 semi-final win over Germany and played the entire match in the championship match against England. France won the match 3–1 giving the nation its sixth under-19 title and Gourcuff his first international honor. In total with the under-19 team, Gourcuff featured in 17 matches and scored seven goals.
Gourcuff made his debut for the under-21 team on 18 May 2006 in a preparatory friendly match for the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship against Croatia. In the tournament, Gourcuff was the team's lone underage player and played in all four of the team's matches as France reached the semi-finals losing in extra time to the Netherlands. On 5 September 2006, Gourcuff scored his first under-21 goal in a 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification match against Slovenia. France, however, failed to qualify for the tournament. On 27 March 2007, Gourcuff captained the under-21 team for the first time in a 1–0 defeat to Norway. Due to injury, he missed the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification play-offs against Germany. France lost the tie 2–1 on aggregate. The negative result ended Gourcuff's under-21 career.
Senior.
Gourcuff earned his first call up to the senior team on 11 August 2008 for the team's friendly match against Sweden that was played on 20 August. He earned his first cap in that match appearing as a substitute in the 92nd minute when France's 3–2 victory had been all but confirmed. He scored his first goal for "Les Bleus" on 11 October 2008 against Romania in a 2010 World Cup qualification match. The wonder strike from almost 30 yards out drew the match at 2–2 ensuring France's positioning in the group. Since the match against Serbia, held a month before the match against Romania, manager Raymond Domenech has installed Gourcuff in the attacking midfield position, just behind the striker, a position that some believe has yet to be filled since the retirement of Zinedine Zidane following the 2006 World Cup. On 30 May, Gourcuff assisted on the equalizing goal scored by William Gallas in the team's 1–1 draw with Tunisia.
Gourcuff was a member of France's 23-man team that competed in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. On 11 June 2010, Gourcuff made his FIFA World Cup debut in the team's opening group stage match against Uruguay. The match ended 0–0 with Gourcuff being substituted out in the second half. Following the match against Uruguay, former international Just Fontaine stated that Gourcuff "was lost" during the match. It was later reported by the media that midfielder Franck Ribéry and striker Nicolas Anelka had purposely "frozen-out" Gourcuff in the Uruguay match. In the team's final group stage match against the hosts South Africa, Gourcuff was sent off in the first half after the referee ruled that he intentionally elbowed an opposing player in the face. France lost the match 2–1, which resulted in its elimination from the competition.
Due to his red card suspension in the World Cup, Gourcuff missed two call-ups to the national team in August and September. In October 2010, he was called back into the team by his former manager at Bordeaux Laurent Blanc for UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying matches against Romania and Luxembourg. In the match against Romania, Gourcuff appeared as a substitute and scored the final goal in the team's 2–0 victory. He was inserted into the starting lineup against Luxembourg and responded by assisting on the opening goal scored by Karim Benzema and scoring the second goal in another 2–0 win.
Gourcuff was not included in France's squad for UEFA Euro 2012.
On November 8, 2012, he was recalled by new coach Didier Deschamps for a friendly match with Italy. In the match he appeared as a 73rd minute substitute for Mathieu Valbuena.
Gourcuff was was not included in France's squad for the 2014 World Cup.
Honours.
International.
France

</doc>
<doc id="5881186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881186" title="CNBC Market Wrap">
CNBC Market Wrap

CNBC Market Wrap is a brief market update show airing on MSNBC weekday afternoons at the half-hour. It begins at 4:45 pm ET, during "Martin Bashir", and then again, at 5:30 pm ET, during "Hardball with Chris Matthews". Prior to February 1, 2012, the segment ran for a duration of 1.5 minutes, before being trimmed down to just 30 seconds. The update is anchored by a rotating set of CNBC hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="5881189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881189" title="Wycliff Palu">
Wycliff Palu

Wycliff Palu (born 27 July 1982 in Sydney) is an Australian rugby union footballer of Tongan descent. He plays for the New South Wales Waratahs in the international Super Rugby competition. Also known as Cliffy Palu, he attended Balgowlah Boys High School. 
Career.
A hard running backrow player Palu made his provincial debut in match against a Samoan side in 2003 after which he had a stint at NRL side St. George Illawarra Dragons before returning to Rugby Union. He played for the New South Wales Waratahs in their first trial match of pre-season 2005, against the Crusaders, in which he was awarded the man-of-the-match award. After his good performances during the Waratahs' pre-season, he made his Super 12 debut in week one of the 2005 season against the Chiefs. He was then injured in the week six loss against the Crusaders which saw him out for a lot of the season.
Palu sustained a shoulder injury midway through the 2006 Super 14 season, as he came off the bench in a semi-final against the Hurricanes. Palu was then included in the Wallabies' 2006 mid-year squad.
Palu was named at number eight for the opening Tri-Nations match against New Zealand on 18 July 2009, after he recovered from a hand injury which forced him to miss all of Australia's matches earlier in the year.
Palu suffered a knee-ligament injury against the Crusaders in April 2010, then a hamstring injury during trials in early 2011. He spent 11 months in recovery, and was expected to return to the Waratahs for the teams's Round 5 match against the Cheetahs 18 March 2011.
Controversies.
In late 2009 during the drawn Test between Ireland and Australia, Palu was given a yellow card by the South African referee Jonathan Kaplan for allegedly making a shoulder charge on Rob Kearney, Ireland’s fullback. However, it's suggested Kearney in fact made the shoulder charge on Palu whilst carrying the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="5881190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881190" title="Margaret Brennan">
Margaret Brennan

Margaret Brennan is a general assignment correspondent for CBS News based in Washington, D.C., covering the U.S. State Department.
Early life and education.
Brennan was born in Stamford, Connecticut to Edward and Jane Brennan. She graduated from the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Greenwich, Connecticut in 1998. She graduated with highest distinction from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville in 2002 with a B.A. in Foreign Affairs and Middle East Studies with a minor in Arabic language. She was named an Emmerich-Wright scholar for an outstanding thesis. Brennan studied Arabic abroad, at Yarmouk University in Irbid, Jordan, on a Fulbright-Hays Grant.
Career.
Previously, she covered the retail industry for CNBC and contributed to NBC's "Today" and "NBC Nightly News", and worked with the late Louis Rukeyser. Most recently, Brennan was an anchor at Bloomberg TV.
Additionally, Brennan has interviewed the International Monetary Fund's Christine Lagarde, investor George Soros, former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, as well as Ireland's Prime Minister and Dubai's ruler following their respective debt crises. She also helped lead anchor coverage of Bloomberg's 2012 Republican presidential candidate debate.
At a press conference on September 9, 2013, she asked Secretary of State John Kerry about any possibility for the Syrian government to avoid a U.S. strike. Kerry answered that Assad could "turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week"—although later his answer was retracted as "a rhetorical argument about the impossibility and unlikelihood of Assad turning over chemical weapons he has denied using" by a State Department spokesperson—led Russia's foreign minister Sergey V. Lavrov to propose this as a solution to the crisis.
Brennan was a General Assignment Reporter for CNBC. She has conducted interviews with former Wal-Mart's CEO Lee Scott and Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen. She broke the story of Circuit City's liquidation in 2009 and regularly covered changing consumer trends for the network.
CNBC.
Brennan began her business news career in 2002 at CNBC as a producer for financial news legend Louis Rukeyser. She wrote, researched and booked guests for the weekly "Louis Rukeyser’s Wall Street" program and primetime specials. Brennan later worked as a producer on "Street Signs with Ron Insana" for which she coordinated guest bookings and produced interviews with former President George W. Bush and former Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Bloomberg Television.
On June 24, 2009, Margaret Brennan left CNBC to join Bloomberg Television to anchor the 10 a.m. hour:
Brennan transition from CNBC to Bloomberg Television in September 2009. On April 27, 2012, she hosted her last show of "InBusiness". No reason was given for her departure, other than the choice to pursue new opportunities'.
Most recently, Brennan anchored "InBusiness with Margaret Brennan", a weekday program broadcast live from the New York Stock Exchange that covered the top political, economic and global financial news impacting the marketplace. 
During her tenure there she broadcast live from Riyadh, Dubai, Cairo, London, Dublin, Abu Dhabi and Davos. Brennan covered top breaking news stories involving the European debt crisis, the largest insider trading case in U.S. history and the BP oil spill. She anchored live from Tahrir Square as Hosni Mubarak stepped down after 30 years in power.
CBS News.
In July 2012, Brennan joined CBS News as a State Department correspondent based in Washington, D. C. She is also a substitute anchor on CBS This Morning and the CBS Evening News.
Brennan’s reporting has taken her throughout Europe, Asia and the Middle East. She was also among the first reporters to interview Hillary Clinton about the fatal attack on the US mission in Benghazi, Libya and traveled with the then-Secretary of State to report on foreign policy issues around the world. Brennan was also one of the few US correspondents reporting from Tehran during the 2012 Non-Aligned Movement which marked the largest international gathering in Iran since the founding of the Islamic Republic.
Affiliations.
Brennan is a term member at the Council on Foreign Relations, a Whitehead Fellow with the Foreign Policy Association, serves on the alumni advisory board at the University of Virginia school of politics, a member of the Economic Club of New York, serves on the Advisory Board of the Smurfit School of Business at the University College Dublin.
Honors and awards.
"Irish America magazine" named her one of the top Irish Americans and one of the top 100 Irish-Americans in business and in media. In 2003, she was named one of the top journalists under the age of 30 by the NewsBios/TJFR Group.
Brennan received the Fulbright Award for international understanding in 2010. 
She was named one of TV's Hottest News Anchors in "Maxim" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5881192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881192" title="Benn Robinson">
Benn Robinson

Benn Robinson (born 19 July 1984, in Sydney) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer. He plays as a loosehead prop for the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super Rugby competition, and for Australia in international matches.
Early life.
Robinson grew up in the town of Dural, on the outskirts of Sydney. He attended Glenorie Public School and played his junior rugby for the local Dural Rugby Club. He was educated at The King's School, where he played for the First XV and went on to play for the Australian Schoolboys in 2002. He was selected and played for the Australian under 21 side in 2005, and played every match for the team at the IRB under-21 World Championships in Argentina.
Rugby career.
The 2006 season became a ground-breaking one for Robinson. He made his Super 14 debut for the Waratahs against the Queensland Reds in Brisbane on 11 February 2006, and went on to play in all 13 games for the Waratahs during the season. He also made his Test debut for the Wallabies against South Africa in the TriNations.
In 2009 he became the second winner of the People’s Choice – Wallaby of the Year award, at the John Eales Medal awards night. This award is voted on by the Australian public.
In 2011, Robinson's Rugby World Cup aspirations were dealt a cruel blow when he was ruled of the tournament with a season-ending knee injury. The blow was cruel luck for the popular 27-year-old, who had provided the Wallabies scrum with stability through much of the three seasons leading up to last year’s Rugby World Cup.
In 2012, Robinson became the 163rd player to captain New South Wales, leading the Waratahs side out for clashes with the Sharks and Chiefs.
Work in the media.
Robinson has been utilized in various television media roles at different stages to date during his career. He was bestowed the nickname "Cat", due to his likeness to the former Australian Test cricketer and Channel Nine's The Footy Show personality, Greg "Fat Cat" Ritchie. While sidelined with injury in 2011, Robinson acted as an experts comments man for terrestrial broadcaster Channel Nine, during the key matches of the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5881195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881195" title="Axel Holmström">
Axel Holmström

Axel Holmström (1881–1947) was a Swedish anarchist. He was jailed in 1906 for making anti-militarist statements. Holmström was editor of the anarchist paper "Brand" ("Fire").

</doc>
<doc id="5881201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881201" title="Jean Hazlewood">
Jean Hazlewood

Ora Jean Hazlewood (August 4, 1916 – March 2, 1997) was an American screenwriter, and wife of actor Richard Widmark for 55 years. They met while they were both attending Lake Forest College.
She adapted the Alistair MacLean novel "The Secret Ways" for the 1961 film version.
Hazlewood married Widmark on April 5, 1942. They had a daughter, Anne Heath Widmark, who later married baseball legend Sandy Koufax in January 1969, divorcing in 1982. 
Jean Hazlewood died of Alzheimer's disease in Santa Barbara, California, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5881204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881204" title="Saurophthirus">
Saurophthirus

Saurophthirus is an extinct genus of flea that represents a transition between primitive stem fleas, and modern species. The type species, "S. longipes" is found in early Cretaceous strata of Baissa, Siberia. The second species, "S. exquisitus", is from the is from the Lower Cretaceous Yixian Formation.
Description.
Average length of specimens are 2.50 cm (1 in) long and is hypothesized to have sucked the blood of pterosaurs in the Cretaceous, in the way that bat fleas feed on bat blood today.
In popular culture.
"Saurophthirus" is featured briefly in "Walking with Dinosaurs", being shown parasitizing an "Ornithocheirus".
References.
[http://dml.cmnh.org/1997Apr/msg00383.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5881231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881231" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Spain">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Spain

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Spain is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Spain, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Spain.
The embassy is located in Madrid, Spain's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Spain since 1992. The Ambassador to Spain is concurrently accredited to Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="5881232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881232" title="Charles Firth (comedian)">
Charles Firth (comedian)

Charles Henry Burgmann Firth is an Australian comedian, best known as a member of The Chaser productions "CNNNN" and "The Chaser's War on Everything". He is the brother of Verity Firth who was a Minister for the Labor Government of New South Wales.
Biography.
Early years.
Firth attended Sydney Grammar School, where along with Chaser colleagues Dominic Knight and Chas Licciardello he ran the satirical school magazine "The Tiger".
Later years.
Firth went on to attend the University of Sydney where he completed an Arts degree in political science, edited the "Honi Soit" student newspaper, and in 1997 broke through a plate glass window during a University Senate meeting to protest the introduction of full fee paying places at the university. While attending Charles was also the subject of a reality-TV style documentary called "Uni", by film-maker Simon Target. centred around the lives of students at the University of Sydney. Fellow Chaser Andrew Hansen was also a subject. It was aired on the ABC in 1996.
On "CNNNN", broadcast in 2003 and 2004, he played a role as host of the fictional segment "The Firth Factor", parodying journalistic styles used by the American Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly's prime time show "The O'Reilly Factor".
During the 2004 Australian federal election (during production of "The Chaser Decides") an eBay user of the name "Charles Firth" was seen selling their vote. This segment was never aired.
By 2006, Firth had moved to the United States. He periodically appeared on "The Chaser's War on Everything" in a segment about American culture entitled "Firth in the USA". This segment served to highlight American ignorance of Australia and the world in general.
During this time Firth also researched and wrote his first book, "American Hoax". This involved creating a number of fictional stereotypical American characters on both the progressive-left and conservative-right sides of American politics. The characters included liberal ad-man Bertrand Newton, conservative scholar Dr Andrew O'Keefe, conservative economist Edward McGuire, working class bartender Darryl Summers, and female Iraqi-immigrant poet Khorin al-Ghrant. The book explored the efforts of these characters (all played by Firth) to try to interact with real-world political groups and individuals. "American Hoax" was released in November 2006.
Firth went to Adelaide in July 2007 to present at the Festival of Ideas with fellow Chaser Julian Morrow, where his performance included asking the audience to SMS their questions to him, throwing lollies to the audience, and "defacing" three Wikipedia articles.
Firth worked on a new weekly print magazine and news website, which was launched in mid-August 2007 called "The Manic Times". The newspaper has since ceased production and that company is now called "Manic Studios" producing web video for the Australian, and more recently, American Union movements in partnership with The Republic. Firth remains actively involved as a writer, performer and producer.
Firth is now executive producer on a daily news satire program on ABC2 called "The Roast"
He generated controversy among the Westboro Baptist Church when he began to openly "flirt" with Fred Phelps's son while interviewing him for The Chaser's War on Everything at a Westboro picket. When Phelps junior began to walk away, Firth followed him and continued to openly "flirt" with him, persisting despite being called a "fag-ass pervert" by the rest of the picketers.
Firth is married to Amanda Tattersall, Founding Director of the Sydney Alliance and co-founder of getup.org.au, a community organiser and author of Power in Coalition a book on building coalitions between unions and community organisations They have two sons, Hartley and Angus.

</doc>
<doc id="5881243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881243" title="Nimrod Ping">
Nimrod Ping

Nimrod Ping (died 3 July 2006) was a British architect and local politician in Brighton, Sussex, England.
Biography.
After attending the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe from 1964–66 he studied architecture at Cardiff University. As an architect he later designed a Sainsbury's supermarket in Lewes Road, Brighton. 
Ping served as a councillor at the former Brighton Borough Council (now Brighton and Hove) for eight years from 1991 to 1999. He became chairman of the Council's planning committee and of the licensing committee.
Thanks to his unusual name, he achieved national fame after the BBC Radio 2 presenter Terry Wogan used his name as scale against which to compare other interesting names.
Ping was one of the first openly gay councillors in Britain. He took part in Brighton's "Gay Pride" events for a number of years.
Ping was diagnosed as suffering from Hepatitis C in the late 1990s. He became known locally as the face of southern England's Hepatitis C Campaign and was the face of Brighton and Hove's leading shopping centre for a while during which the shopping centre joined his appeal in return for having a leading politician's support.
Originally a Labour Party supporter, he joined the Green Party a few months before his death.
Ping died of hepatitis-related liver failure in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5881259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881259" title="Kiss Radio Taiwan">
Kiss Radio Taiwan

Kiss Radio in Taiwan plays the latest Chinese music and some English top 40 songs. There is live streaming from their four stations in Kaohsiung and Taichung.

</doc>
<doc id="5881262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881262" title="Pregnane X receptor">
Pregnane X receptor

In the field of molecular biology, the pregnane X receptor (PXR), also known as the steroid and xenobiotic sensing nuclear receptor (SXR) or nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group I, member 2 (NR1I2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "NR1I2" (nuclear Receptor subfamily 1, group I, member 2) gene.
Function.
PXR is a nuclear receptor whose primary function is to sense the presence of foreign toxic substances and in response up regulate the expression of proteins involved in the detoxification and clearance of these substances from the body. PXR belongs to the nuclear receptor superfamily, members of which are transcription factors characterized by a ligand-binding domain and a DNA-binding domain. The encoded protein is a transcriptional regulator of the cytochrome P450 gene CYP3A4, binding to the response element of the CYP3A4 promoter as a heterodimer with the 9-cis retinoic acid receptor RXR. It is activated by a range of compounds that induce CYP3A4, including dexamethasone and rifampicin.
PXR is activated by a large number of endogenous and exogenous chemicals including steroids, antibiotics, antimycotics, bile acids, hyperforin, a constituent of the herbal antidepressant St. John's Wort, and many other herbal compounds.
Mechanism.
Like other type II nuclear receptors, when activated, it forms a heterodimer with the retinoid X receptor, and binds to hormone response elements on DNA which elicits expression of gene products.
One of the primary targets of PXR activation is the induction of CYP3A4, an important phase I oxidative enzyme that is responsible for the metabolism of many drugs. In addition, PXR up regulates the expression of phase II conjugating enzymes such as glutathione S-transferase and phase III transport uptake and efflux proteins such as OATP2 and MDR1.

</doc>
<doc id="5881272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881272" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Thailand">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Thailand

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Thailand is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Thailand, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Thailand.
The embassy is located in Bangkok, Thailand's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Thailand since 1961, and a resident Head of Mission since 1958. The Ambassador to Thailand is concurrently accredited to Cambodia, Laos, and Myanmar.

</doc>
<doc id="5881276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881276" title="Serena Valentino">
Serena Valentino

Serena Valentino is a comic book-writer, based in San Francisco, who is known for work on "Gloomcookie" ("Artist:" Vincent Batignole) and "Nightmares & Fairy Tales" ("Artist:" Camilla D'Errico).
Valentino is known for her unique style of storytelling, bringing her readers into exquisitely frightening worlds filled with terror, beauty and extraordinary female protagonists. She has been weaving tales that combine mythos and guile for the past eight years with her work on the comic book series "Gloomcookie" and "Nightmares & Fairy Tales" published with SLG Publishing. 
Her most recent work, "Nightmares & Fairy Tales: 1140 Rue Royale", a historical horror story based on the real Madame Lalaurie, infamous for her torture of her slaves, has earned her critical acclaim in both the comics and horror domain. With art by Crab Scrambly, this series delves into the most horrific aspects of American history. 
Currently Valentino is writing two new comic book series, "Enchanted" and "Hell’s Café". Now she is returning to the fairy tale format with artist Camilla d'Errico, featuring stories about a sleeping beauty, a captured mermaid and the infamous Blue Beard.
She has also written the play "The Bride of the Mummy", presently in pre-production in New Orleans. Currently she is writing two short films based on fairy-tales for the independent film company End of Sky Productions, and she has written a novel for young adults for Disney Press based on the Evil Queen from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, entitled "The Fairest of All", which was released on August 18, 2009. Her next novel for Disney Press is entitled "The Beast Within: A Tale of Beauty's Prince", and is based on the character of Prince Adam from Beauty and the Beast. It will be released on July 22, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="5881285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881285" title="Bill Gunston">
Bill Gunston

Bill Gunston OBE FRAeS (1 March 1927 - 1 June 2013) was an internationally respected aviation and military author. He flew with Britain's Royal Air Force from 1943 to 1948, and was a flying instructor. He spent most of his adult life doing research and writing on aircraft and aviation. He was the author of over 350 books and articles. His work included many books published by Salamander Books.
Early life.
Born William Tudor Gunston in London in 1927, Gunston was educated at Pinner County Grammar School. In his spare time, he was Flight Sergeant in the school Air Training Corps squadron and, for several months, the London Philharmonic Orchestra's librarian.
On leaving school, Gunston joined the Royal Air Force. He was sent to University College, Durham from 1945–46 and then served as a pilot for three years, during which time he flew many types of aircraft, including the de Havilland Vampire jet fighter. After leaving the RAF, Gunston joined the staff of "Flight International" magazine, where, writing as "W.T.G.", he was appointed Technical Editor in 1955. From 1969, he was part of the production team on the annual publication "Jane's All the World's Aircraft". He was editor of "Jane's Aero-Engines" from 1995 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5881286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881286" title="Sara's Secrets">
Sara's Secrets

Sara's Secrets was a Food Network show hosted by Sara Moulton who was the executive chef of "Gourmet" magazine. Filming for "Sara’s Secrets" began the next day which last for 5 years from 2002 until 2007.
Sara's Secrets offers the viewer recipes and techniques specifically focused to fit the viewer's busy lifestyle.
From time to time, guest chefs, cookbook authors, and food specialists from around the world drop by. Invited guests give the viewer insider secrets, tips, tricks, techniques that professionals use to save time and money.
Sara Moulton shows the viewer how to make the best meals possible by keeping it simple with a limited amount of fuss, but also with good flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="5881290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881290" title="Bhagavathi">
Bhagavathi

Bhagavathi or Bhagavati (meaning goddess in Sanskrit) is the general way people refer to the Hindu goddesses in Kerala, Goa and Maharashtra states of India. It can be used to refer any of the Hindu goddesses like Durga, Kannaki, Parvati, Saraswati, Lakshmi, and Kali. Temples of these goddesses are referred to as "Bhagavathi temples." The most famous Bhagavathi Temples in Kerala state are Attukal Bhagavathy Temple, Chottanikkara Bhagavathi Temple, Chettikulangara Bhagavathi Temple, Kodungallore Bhagavathi Temple, Kadampuzha Devi Temple, Pisharikavu Devi Temple, Kavaserry Bhagavathi Temple, Mangottu Bhagavathi Temple etc.
Mondaicaud Bhagavathi Temple It is located near Colachel in the western coast of Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu .
Many temples of goddess Bhagavati are found in Goa, mainly worshiped in the form of Mahishasur Mardini (mainly worshiped by Goud Saraswat Brahmin and Daivajna Konkani communities)
Bhagavati temples in Goa:
Temples of Bhagavathi can also be found in Maharashtra, for example Bhagavati Devi Sansthan Deosari, Taluk Umarkhed, District Yavatmal.
See also.
Temples of Goa
Shantadurga Kalangutkarin Temple

</doc>
<doc id="5881304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881304" title="Mucolipidosis type IV">
Mucolipidosis type IV

Mucolipidosis type IV (ML IV or ML4) is an autosomal recessive lysosomal storage disorder. Individuals with the disorder have many symptoms including delayed psychomotor development and various ocular aberrations. The disorder is caused by mutations in the MCOLN1 gene, which encodes a non-selective cation channel, mucolipin1. These mutations disrupt cellular functions and lead to a neurodevelopmental disorder through an unknown mechanism. Researchers dispute the physiological role of the protein product and which ion it transports.
Symptoms and Signs.
Most patients with ML IV show psychomotor retardation (i.e., delayed development of movement and coordination), corneal opacity, retinal degeneration and other ophthalmological abnormalities. Other symptoms include agenesis of the corpus callosum, iron deficiency resulting from an absence of acid secretion in the stomach, achlorhydria. Achlorhydria in these patients results in an increase in blood gastrin levels. These symptoms typically manifest early in life (within the first year). Retinal degeneration progresses slowly.
Pathophysiology.
Mucolipin1 is thought to be localized in endosomes. An important property of mucolipin1 is that decreasing pH (acidification) results in deactivation of the protein, likely through an assembly defect. There are at least 29 known mutations in MCOLN1, located throughout the gene. Many of the known mutations result in no expression of mucolipin1. Milder mutations, such as ΔF408 and V446L, produce a dysfunctioning form of the cation channel. Mutations that alter only the C-terminal of the protein also result in a mild phenotype of the disorder, usually sparing the brain. ML IV causes affected cells to accumulate auto-fluorescent vacuoles considered to be aberrant lysosomes. Several evidences exist for a defect in both exocytosis and endocytosis. There are conflicting indications of abnormal lysosomal pH in MLIV. It is not yet clear why these abnormalities will cause incomplete development of the brain, achlorhydria, and failure in the maintenance of retinal tissue.
Treatment/Management.
There is no specific treatment to this disorder. However, several symptoms may be alleviated. For instance, anemia is treated by iron supplements. Some of the movement deficiencies may be corrected with orthopedic intervention. The corneal clouding can be, at least, temporarily corrected by corneal transplantation.
"See the equivalent section in the main mucolipidosis article.
Epidemiology.
Mucolipidosis type IV is severely under-diagnosed. It is often misdiagnosed as cerebral palsy. In the Ashkenazi Jewish population there are two severe mutations with a higher carrier frequency of 1:90 to 1:100.

</doc>
<doc id="5881305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881305" title="Pseudo-Hurler polydystrophy">
Pseudo-Hurler polydystrophy

Pseudo-Hurler polydystrophy, also referred to as mucolipidosis III (ML III), is a lysosomal storage disease closely related to I-cell disease (ML II). This disorder is called Pseudo-Hurler because it resembles a mild form of Hurler syndrome, one of the mucopolysaccharide (MPS) diseases.
Pathophysiology.
As in Mucolipidosis II, Mucolipidosis III results from genetic defects in GlcNAc phosphotransferase (N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphotransferase). However, ML III produces less severe symptoms and progresses more slowly, probably because the defect in GlcNAc phosphotranspherase lies in its protein recognition domain. Therefore, the catalytic domain retains some of its activity, resulting in a smaller accumulation of carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins in the inclusion bodies.
Presentation.
Symptoms of ML III are often not noticed until the child is 3–5 years of age. Patients with ML III are generally of normal intelligence (trait) or have only mild mental retardation. These patients usually have skeletal abnormalities, coarse facial features, short height, corneal clouding, carpal tunnel syndrome, aortic valve disease and mild enlargement of organs. Some children with severe forms of this disease do not live beyond childhood. However, there is a great variability among patients - there are diagnosed individuals with ML III living in their sixties.
Treatment.
There is no cure for Pseudo-Hurler Polydystrophy/Mucolipidosis IIIA. Treatment is limited to controlling or reducing symptoms associated with this disorder. Physio-therapy, particularly hydrotherapy has proven effective at relieving muscle stiffness and increasing mobility. The use of crutches, a wheelchair or scooters are treatment options as the metabolic bone disease progresses. The insertion of rods in the spine to stabilize the vulnerable areas can treat scoliosis. Heart valve replacement surgery may be necessary as this disorder progresses.

</doc>
<doc id="5881306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881306" title="I-cell disease">
I-cell disease

Inclusion-cell (I-cell) disease, also referred to as mucolipidosis II (ML II), is part of the lysosomal storage disease family and results from a defective phosphotransferase (an enzyme of the Golgi apparatus). This enzyme transfers phosphate to mannose residues on specific proteins, and serves as a marker for them to be targeted to lysosomes within the cell. Without this marker, the proteins are instead excreted outside the cell -- the default pathway for proteins moving through the Golgi apparatus. Lysosomes cannot function without these proteins, which function as catabolic enzymes for the normal breakdown of substances (e.g. oligosaccharides, lipids, and glycosaminoglycans) throughout the body. As a result, a buildup of these substances occurs within lysosomes because they cannot be degraded, resulting in the characteristic "I cells," or "inclusion cells." These cells can be identified under the microscope. In addition, the defective lysosomal enzymes normally found only within lysosomes are instead found in high concentrations in the blood. 
Presentation.
ML II is a particularly severe form of ML that resembles one of the mucopolysaccharidoses called Hurler syndrome. Typically, by the age of 6 months, failure to thrive and developmental delays are obvious symptoms of this disorder. Some physical signs, such as abnormal skeletal development, coarse facial features, and restricted joint movement, may be present at birth. Children with ML II usually have enlargement of certain organs, such as the liver (hepatomegaly) or spleen (splenomegaly), and sometimes even the heart valves. Affected children often have stiff claw-shaped hands and fail to grow and develop in the first months of life. Delays in the development of their motor skills are usually more pronounced than delays in their cognitive (mental processing) skills. Children with ML II eventually develop a clouding on the cornea of their eyes and, because of their lack of growth, develop short-trunk dwarfism (underdeveloped trunk). These young patients are often plagued by recurrent respiratory tract infections, including pneumonia, otitis media (middle ear infections), bronchitis and carpal tunnel syndrome. Children with ML II generally die before their seventh year of life, often as a result of congestive heart failure or recurrent respiratory tract infections.
Pathophysiology.
I-cell disease is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by a deficiency of GlcNAc phosphotransferase, which phosphorylates mannose residues to mannose-6-phosphate on N-linked glycoproteins in the Golgi apparatus within the cell. Without mannose-6-phosphate to target them to the lysosomes, the enzymes are transported from the Golgi to the extracellular space, resulting in large intracellular inclusions of molecules requiring lysosomal degradation in patients with the disease (hence the name of the disorder). Hydrolases secreted into the blood stream cause little problem as they are deactivated in the neutral pH of the blood.
It can be associated with GNPTA. 
In a case report, it was complicated by severe dilative cardiomyopathy(DCM)
Treatment.
There is no cure yet for I-Cell disease/Mucolipidosis II disease. Treatment is limited to controlling or reducing the symptoms that are associated with this disorder. Nutrition supplements, particularly iron and vitamin B12, are often recommended for individuals with I-Cell disease. Physical therapy to improve motor delays and speech therapy to improve language acquisition are treatment options. Surgery can remove the thin layer of corneal clouding to temporarily improve the complication. It is possible that bone marrow transplant may be helpful in delaying or correcting the neurological deterioration that occurs with I-Cell disease.[http://www.bmt.umn.edu/disease/Metabolic/home.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5881307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881307" title="KPBI">
KPBI

KPBI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881318" title="Finbar">
Finbar

Finbar is an Irish given name that may also be spelled Finbarr, Finbarre, or Finnbar. It is derived from "Fionnbharr", an old Irish word meaning "fair-headed one". The anglicised, shortened translation of Finbar is Barry.
Finbar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881326" title="Korati">
Korati

Korati was the main spirit goddess of the Malayalee Hindus. She was worshipped in symbol format in North Malabar Tharavadus. The oracle for this spirit was called "Koracca".
"Koravvai" of the old Tamil literature could be the same goddess.
Korati is also the name of a village near Hoskote town which is around 40 km from Bangalore City.

</doc>
<doc id="5881337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881337" title="Michael Longcor">
Michael Longcor

Michael Longcor is a folk and filk singer. His songs span a range of topics including military history, Indiana history, and humor. He has won six Pegasus Awards and has been nominated for six others. His music has appeared on Dr. Demento and on NPR's "Folksong Festival," and his music has provided the background for a BBC documentary on Rudyard Kipling.
He is a member of the Society for Creative Anachronism, in which he is known as Moonwulf Starkaaderson. As a member of the SCA, he has been king of the Middle Kingdom twice and has served as baron of the Barony of Rivenstar since it was founded. He is also a member of the Dorsai Irregulars, having been inducted in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="5881351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881351" title="Echt, Netherlands">
Echt, Netherlands

Echt () is a city in the Dutch municipality of Echt-Susteren in the province of Limburg, Netherlands. It was a municipality itself until it merged with the municipality of Susteren on January 1, 2003.
The municipality of Echt had about 19300 inhabitants and an area of about 75,13 square km.

</doc>
<doc id="5881354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881354" title="The Unborn (album)">
The Unborn (album)

The Unborn is the second album by Finnish melodic death metal band Mors Principium Est. A limited edition digipack version was also released, with two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5881357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881357" title="German submarine U-512">
German submarine U-512

German submarine "U-512" was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built for service during World War II. Although she was short-lived, "U-512" was quite a successful boat, making full use of the time she enjoyed in the entrance to the Caribbean Sea, during the "Second Happy Time". She was commanded by "Kapitänleutnant" Wolfgang Schultze, an admiral's son and previously training captain of .
The Deutsche Werft shipyard in Hamburg built her during 1941, she was completed in December, ready for her working-up period in the Baltic Sea to train her crew and iron out any engineering problems. Following this, she was detailed to cross the Atlantic Ocean and operate off the northern coast of South America in order to catch unescorted Allied shipping heading for or leaving the Panama Canal.
Service history.
Departing from Kiel on the 15 August 1942, "U-512" headed into the Atlantic via the Norwegian coast and the gap between Iceland and the Faeroe Islands and then to the southwest, arriving in her designated patrol zone by the second week in September. She was almost immediately successful, sinking the slow, unescorted 10,000-ton American tanker SS "Patrick J. Hurley" with her deck gun, claiming 17 lives. A week later, a second ship was found, the lone Spanish freighter SS "Monte Gorbea", which was sunk with 52 lives, despite her neutral status. This act would undoubtedly have led to Schultze's court-martial, had he returned from the patrol. "U-512"s final victory came on the 24 September, when another American ship, the 6,000-ton SS "Antinous" was sunk by two torpedoes off Venezuela.
On the 2 October, while still lurking off the South American coast, "U-512" was spotted off Cayenne by a B-18 Bolo aircraft belonging to the 99th Bombardment Group of the United States Army Air Forces. The aircraft flew low and dropped its bomb load directly on the boat, sinking her and 51 of her crew instantly. Only one man, Matrosengefreiter Franz Machon (Polish: Franciszek Machoń) escaped the boat and was rescued from his raft by the Wickes class destroyer ten days later.

</doc>
<doc id="5881364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881364" title="Constitutive androstane receptor">
Constitutive androstane receptor

The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group I, member 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "NR1I3" gene. CAR is a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily and along with PXR functions as a sensor of endobiotic and xenobiotic substances and in response upregulates the expression of proteins responsible for the metabolism and excretion of these substances. Hence CAR (and PXR) are important in the detoxification of foreign substances such as drugs.
Function.
CAR is a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily, and is a key regulator of xenobiotic and endobiotic metabolism. The protein binds to DNA as a monomer or a heterodimer with the retinoid X receptor and regulates the transcription of target genes involved in drug metabolism and bilirubin clearance, such as cytochrome P450 family members. Unlike most nuclear receptors, this transcriptional regulator is constitutively active in the absence of ligand but is regulated by both agonists and inverse agonists. Ligand binding results in translocation of this protein to the nucleus, where it activates or represses target gene transcription. These ligands include bilirubin, a variety of foreign compounds, steroid hormones, and prescription drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="5881367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881367" title="Allan Jones (cricketer)">
Allan Jones (cricketer)

Allan Arthur Jones (born 9 December 1947 in Horley, Surrey) is an English cricket umpire and a retired cricketer. When he joined Glamorgan in 1980 he became the first cricketer to represent four English first-class counties.
Allan Jones was educated at St John's College, Horsham. A tall right-arm fast-medium bowler and a tail-end right-handed batsman, he represented Sussex (1966-1969), Somerset (1970-1975; Cap 1972), Northern Transvaal (1972/1973), Orange Free State (1976/1977), Middlesex (1976-1979; Cap 1976) and Glamorgan (1980-1981). 
In 214 first-class matches, he scored 799 runs (average 5.39, with a personal best of 33 for Middlesex versus Kent at Canterbury in 1978) and took 549 wickets (at an average 28.07, with a personal best of 9 for 51 for Somerset versus Sussex at Hove in 1972). He also took three wickets in four balls for Somerset versus Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in 1972 and became the first Middlesex bowler to take a hat-trick in limited overs cricket.
He was appointed to the English First-Class Umpires list in 1985 and remained until 2008, when he joined the Indian Cricket League. He stood in one One Day International in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5881369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881369" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Turkey">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Turkey

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Turkey is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Turkey, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Turkey.
The embassy is located in Ankara, Turkey's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Turkey since 1993. The Ambassador to Turkey is concurrently accredited to Israel and Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="5881383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881383" title="Internal Revenue Code section 1">
Internal Revenue Code section 1

Section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code ( or simply IRC §1), titled "Tax Imposed" is the law that imposes a federal income tax on taxable income, and sets forth the amount of the tax to be paid. A similar tax on corporations is set forth in IRC §11.
Within the layout of the IRC, this section appears as follows:
Basic provisions of section 1.
Section 1 imposes the Federal income tax on the "taxable income" of individuals (mainly in subsections (a) through (d)) and on the taxable income of certain estates and trusts (subsection e)).
For individuals, section 1 divides income earners into categories depending on whether they are married individuals filing jointly, married individuals filing separately, unmarried individuals, surviving spouses, or heads of households. Section 1 sets forth the formula for what amount of taxable income must be paid to the United States.
As currently worded (in mid-2006), subsections (a) through (d) actually list the tax rate schedules for the year 1993. Based in part on the provisions of subsections (f) and (i), the tax rate schedules for 1994 and subsequent years (reflecting, among other things, tax rate changes and cost of living adjustments) are promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service. In other words, the official tax rate schedules for years 1994 and thereafter are not found in the text of section 1 itself.
Example of tax rate schedule for year 1993 for "head of household".
For example, for the year 1993, §1(b) states:
(b) Heads of households
There is hereby imposed on the taxable income of every head of a household (as defined in section 2 (b)) a tax determined in accordance with the following table: 
Thus, a person who meets the description of a "head of a household" with a taxable income of $50,000 for the year 1993 would have looked to the table to see that he or she falls within the category of persons earning "Over $29,600 but not over $76,400". The tax would be:
$50,000 minus $29,600 equals $20,400, and 28% of $20,400 is $5,712, so the total tax due on an income of $50,000 would be ($4,400 + $5,712), for a final total of $10,152. By comparison, a person realizing one million dollars of taxable income would have been assessed $374,485 for the same period ($77,485 + 39.6%($1,000,000-$250,000)). A base of $50,000 taxable income would thus yield an after-tax income of $39,848, while a base $1,000,000 income would yield an after-tax income of
$625,515.
These figures, however, do not account for a number of important variables. For example, the tax applies only to taxable income, which is defined in IRC §63 as gross income minus allowable deductions to gross income, personal exemptions, and either the standard deduction or itemized deductions. Gross income, in turn, is defined in IRC §61. Since taxpayers may make a variety of deductions, such as the deduction for selling a piece of property at a loss allowed under IRC §165, a taxpayer's gross income will be higher than his taxable income.
Example of tax rate schedule for year 2006 for "head of household".
Based on the cost of living adjustment and tax rate change provisions of section 1, the same schedule for a "head of household" for the year 2006 (i.e., for tax returns due April 15, 2007) is as follows:
Source: Internal Revenue Service, Publication 1796 (Rev. Feb. 2006).
Using the same calculations as in the section above, a $50,000 earner would pay $7,857.50 in income tax as of 2006, a reduction of $2,294.50; the $1,000,000 earner would pay $326,864, a reduction of $47,621.
Income taxation of estates and trusts.
By contrast, the 2005 tax rate schedule for estates and trusts (not found in the text of the statute, but in IRS publications), provides for relatively high marginal tax rates on relatively low levels of income:
Source, Internal Revenue Service, Year 2005 Instructions for Form 1041, U.S. Income Tax Return for Estates and Trusts, at page 23.
Changes to the tax code are frequently aimed at the provisions of IRC §1, with adjustments being made to the percentage of income taxed in each category, and the dollar amounts which trigger a higher level of taxation.

</doc>
<doc id="5881389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881389" title="Ypsilanti Township, Stutsman County, North Dakota">
Ypsilanti Township, Stutsman County, North Dakota

Ypsilanti Township is one of the sixty-two townships of Stutsman County, North Dakota, in the United States. The population was 168 at the 2000 census. The median household income was $29,444.
History.
The United States Government granted 621 acres of land to the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1879. Part of this land became Ypsilanti Township and the Ypsilanti townsite. The town and township were named for Ypsilanti, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5881390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881390" title="BRFC">
BRFC

BRFC may refer to:
Association football.
Professional clubs:
Other clubs:
Rugby union.
In Wales: 
In England:
In Ireland:
In Scotland:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="5881404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881404" title="Goupil &amp; Cie">
Goupil &amp; Cie

Goupil & Cie was a leading art dealership in 19th-century France, with headquarters in Paris. Step by step, Goupil established a worldwide trade with fine art reproductions of paintings and sculptures, with a network of branches in London, Brussels, The Hague, Berlin and Vienna, as well as in New York and Australia. Instrumental for this expansion were the "Ateliers Photographiques", a plant north of Paris, in Asnières, which took up work in 1869. The leading figure was Adolphe Goupil (1806–1893). His daughter Marie married the French artist Jean-Léon Gérôme.
After various restructurations, Goupil & Cie was formed in 1850; the partners were Adolphe Goupil 1850–1884, Alfred Mainguet 1850–1856, Léon Goupil 1854–1855, Léon Boussod 1856–1884, Vincent van Gogh 1861–1872, Albert Goupil 1872–1884, René Valadon 1878–1884. Until 1861, the firm concentrated on buying, selling and editing prints. To feed an emerging middle-class market for inexpensive art, Goupil's factory outside Paris employed skilled craftsmen to produce engraved, etched, photographic and even sculptural copies of paintings in vast quantities. Goupil's reproductions made Jean-Léon Gérôme, in particular, a well known artist. When Vincent van Gogh (art dealer) (1820–1888), the uncle of painter Vincent van Gogh (who was known as "Uncle Cent" by Vincent and his brother Theo), entered the firm, the business was expanded to paintings and drawings, finally in 1872 to industrial images, including photographic and héliographic procedures.
Vincent van Gogh fell ill and retired in 1872, but he left his money in the firm until 1878. Albert Goupil, son of Adolphe, took over his duties. When in 1878 the van Gogh shares were finally withdrawn, René Valadon entered the business. From then the firm was completely in the hand of the Goupil family and their sons-in-law Léon Boussod and René Valadon. In 1884, the Goupil family retired, and the firm was again transformed and renamed Boussod, Valadon & Cie, successeurs de Goupil & Cie. Three years later, May 25–27, 1887, the stock of the gallery was sold at auction, "caused by the renewal of the ancient firm Goupil & Cie".
Manzi & Joyant.
Manzi, an old friend of Degas as well as a highly skilled printer, and Maurice Joyant, originally Theo van Gogh's successor at 19 Boulevard Montmartre, joined forces, when Boussod & Valadon gave up their business.
Goupil and Van Gogh.
"Uncle Cent", as he was called by his nephews, moved to Paris in 1858 and took residence at 9 Rue Chaptal, which housed Goupil's headquarters, too. In 1861, he became partner of Goupil & Cie, but retired in 1872, due to his degrading health, to settle in Princenhage for the summers and in Menton for the winters. Six years later, he withdrew his shares.
As Uncle Cent had no children, his nephews were evidently supposed to follow him up in the firm: Vincent entered in 1869, Theo in 1873. When Vincent was sacked by Léon Boussod in 1876, the balance between the shareholders suffered - and so Theo got his chance. Called to the Paris office for the time of the World Fair 1878, he was offered to stay in Paris. Between 1881 and 1890, Theo was manager of Goupil & Cie's branch on Boulevard Montmartre, from which he sold about 1,000 paintings, including works by members of the Barbizon School like Corot and Daubigny.
In these years, Vincent took up his vocation and began to study art, based on the "Cours de dessin", compiled by Charles Bargue "in collaboration with J.-L. Gérôme" and edited by Goupil & Cie, 1868–1873. In 1880, he asked his former director Herman Gijsbert Tersteeg, at Goupil's in The Hague, to lend him a copy, which he finally received with the support of his brother Theo.

</doc>
<doc id="5881421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881421" title="Natural (S Club 7 song)">
Natural (S Club 7 song)

"Natural" by S Club 7 was released as a single on 11 September 2000. It is a slow R&B oriented ballad with Rachel Stevens singing lead vocals. The track was written by Cathy Dennis, Jean Fredenucci, Norma Ray and Andrew Todd. It is an English cover of French singer Norma Ray's late 90s hit "Tous Les Maux D'Amour", both which sample Gabriel Fauré's "Pavane".
Song information and music video.
Unlike previous music videos "Reach" and "S Club Party", it does not involve a narrative. Instead, the group is initially shown relaxing on a tropical beach. The video progress to show Paul, Jon, and Bradley fish in the water as the girls observe from the beach while sunbathing. Several waterfall montages are used. The video ends with the group relaxing around a campfire.
There are two different edits of the music video. The second version replaces footage of Rachel on the beach with Paul, Jon, and Bradley collecting coconuts from the trees. Close ups and dance routines are prominently featured. Overall screen time focused on Rachel is reduced to feature the other members. It is unknown which version was intended as the original video. 
There are also three different versions of the song. The album version, included on the original release of "7", features a R&B style production. The single version is mixed with heavier pop music themes, including the use of a vocoder, and the male vocals are more predominant. The video version is identical to the single version, except it features extra adlib vocals from Rachel. The video version has never had a commercial release.
Formats and track listings.
"Natural" as a single was released under various formats, differing based on region.

</doc>
<doc id="5881427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881427" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the United States">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to the United States

The Ambassador from New Zealand to the United States is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the United States of America, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in the United States.
The embassy is located in Washington, D.C., the United States' capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in the United States since 1961, and a resident Head of Mission since 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="5881443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881443" title="Argobba">
Argobba

Argobba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881444" title="Kung fu film">
Kung fu film

Kung fu film () is a sub-genre of martial arts films and Hong Kong action cinema set in the contemporary period and featuring realistic martial arts. It lacks the fantasy elements seen in "wuxia", a related martial arts that uses historical settings based on ancient China. Swordplay is also less common in kung-fu films than in "wuxia" and fighting is done through unarmed combat. 
Kung fu films are an important product of Hong Kong cinema and the West, where it was exported. Studios in Hong Kong produce both wuxia and kung fu films.
History.
The kung fu genre was born in Hong Kong as a backlash against the supernatural tropes of wuxia. The wuxia of the period, called "shenguai wuxia", combined "shenguai" fantasy with the martial arts of wuxia. Producers of wuxia depended on special effects to draw in larger audiences like the use of animation in fight scenes. The popularity of shenguai wuxia waned because of its cheap effects and fantasy cliches, paving way for the rise of the kung fu film. The new genre still shared many of the traits of wuxia. Kung fu protagonists were exemplars of chivalry akin to the ancient "youxia", the knight-errants of Chinese wuxia fiction. 
The oldest film in the genre, "The Adventures of Fong Sai-yuk" (Part 1: 方世玉打擂台; Part 2: 方世玉二卷之胡惠乾打機房), is a 1938–39 two-part movie about the adventures of folk hero Fong Sai-yuk. No surviving copies of the film exist. A series of films that dramatized the life of Wong Fei-hung, a historical Cantonese martial artist, was another early pioneer of the genre. The first two films of the Wong series, directed by Wu Pang and starring Kwan-Tak Hing, were released in 1949. The major innovation of the Wong Fei-hung films was its focus on realistic fighting or "zhen gongfu", a departure from earlier wuxia films. The fights were still choreographed, but were designed to be more believable. Jet Li played Wong in a later revival of the series in 1990s, Tsui Hark's "Once Upon a Time in China", and also Fong in the movie "Fong Sai-yuk". 
Resurgence in the 1970s.
The kung fu genre reached its height in the 1970s, coinciding with Hong Kong's economic boom. It overtook the popularity of the new school ("xinpai") wuxia films that prevailed in Hong Kong throughout the 1950s and 1960s. Wuxia had been revitalized in the newspaper serials of the 1950s and its popularity spread to cinemas in the 1960s. It displaced the kung fu dramatizations of Wong Fei-hung and brought back the supernatural themes of traditional wuxia cinema. The rivalry between the Shaw Brothers, Golden Harvest, and Seasonal Films studios stimulated the growth of kung fu movies in the Hong Kong film industry. "The Chinese Boxer" (1969) directed by Jimmy Wang and "Vengeance" directed by Chang Cheh in 1970 were the first films of the resurgent kung fu genre.
The new wave of kung fu films reached international audiences after the financial success of Bruce Lee's first feature-length film, "The Big Boss", in 1971. Lee spent most of his childhood in Hong Kong where he learned wing chun martial arts and performed as a child actor. He left for the United States, his place of birth, and continued his martial arts training as a high school student. In America, he created Jeet Kune Do, a martial arts style inspired by wing chun, and briefly worked in Hollywood as a film and television actor. 
He returned to Hong Kong and performed his breakthrough role in "The Big Boss", followed by three more films. The movies of Bruce Lee began a trend of employing genuine practitioners of martial arts as actors in martial arts films. Kung fu films were internationally successful and popular in the West where a kung fu fad had taken root. The anti-imperialist themes of his films held a broad appeal for groups that felt marginalized and contributed to his popularity in Southeast Asia and the African-American and Asian-American communities of urban America. Audiences were sympathetic with Lee's role as a minority figure struggling against and overcoming prejudice, social inequality, and racial discrimination. 
Kung fu comedies.
The genre declined after Bruce Lee's sudden death in 1973. In the same year, a stock market crash brought Hong Kong into a recession. During the economic downturn, audiences in Hong Kong shifted to favoring comedies and satires. In the late 1970s the kung fu comedy appeared as a new genre, merging the martial arts of kung fu films with the comedy of Cantonese satires. The films of Lau Kar-leung, Yuen Woo-ping, and Sammo Hung followed this trend. Yuen's "Drunken Master" in 1978 was a financial success that transformed Jackie Chan, its leading actor, into a major Hong Kong movie star.
The mixture of slapstick comedy with martial arts reinvigorated the kung fu genre. Jackie Chan was the first significant action hero and martial arts performer to emerge from Hong Kong after the death of Bruce Lee. The films of Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung integrated techniques from Peking Opera, which both had trained in prior to their work as stuntmen and extras in the Hong Kong studio system. They were students of China Drama Academy, a Peking opera school operated by Yu Jim-yuen, which brought elements of combat and dance from Beijing into Cantonese opera. The Peking Opera-influenced martial arts of kung fu comedies were more fluid and acrobatic than traditional kung fu films. In the 1980s, Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung transitioned to kung fu films set in urban environments.
Modern kung fu films.
The realism of the kung fu genre has been blurred with the widespread use of computer-generated imagery (CGI) in the industry. Technology has enabled actors without martial arts training to perform in kung fu films. Wuxia films experienced a revival in recent years with the films of Ang Lee and Zhang Yimou. Kung fu comedies remain popular staples of Hong Kong cinema and the kung fu films of Stephen Chow have been box office hits. His 2001 film "Shaolin Soccer" combined kung fu, modified using CGI, with the sports and comedy genres. Chow's 2004 film "Kung Fu Hustle", choreographed by martial arts directors Sammo Hung and Yuen Woo-ping, was a similar mixture of kung fu and comedy that achieved international success.
Global influence.
The competing Shaw Brothers and Golden Harvest studios entered Western markets in the 1970s by releasing dubbed kung fu films in the United States and Europe. Films like "The Big Boss" ("Fists of Fury") and "King Boxer" ("Five Fingers of Death") were box office successes in the West. By the 1980s and 1990s, American cinema had absorbed the martial arts influences of Hong Kong cinema. The "Matrix", directed by the Wachowskis, was choreographed by martial arts director Yuen-Wo Ping. Martial arts stars like Jackie Chan and Jet Li left Hong Kong to star in American films.
Notes and references.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5881461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881461" title="Frank Brown (footballer)">
Frank Brown (footballer)

Frank Brown (born Winter, 1890 in Rotherham) was an English footballer and manager.
Brown began his football career with Barnsley in 1910, moving to Rotherham County in 1914 and then to Huddersfield Town in 1915. In August 1919 he joined Blackpool, but struggled to break into the first team and left to join Exeter City in May 1921. He stayed only one season at St. James' Park, moving to Pontypridd in June 1922 before returning to Devon and joining Torquay United in 1923. 
He retired prior to Torquay achieving league status, but became the club's trainer and with Percy Mackrill in charge saw United promoted to the Football League. In May 1932 he was appointed manager of Torquay United and during his six seasons at the helm at Plainmoor, Torquay finished 10th 3 times, and 20th (out of 22 teams) 3 times. 
In May 1938, Brown moved to the manager's chair at Chester, leading them to 6th place in Division Three (North) and a second replay against Sheffield Wednesday in the 4th round of the FA Cup in his first season. The war intervened in September 1939 with Chester unbeaten after 3 games of the new season, and Chester joined a regional league alongside the likes of Manchester United, Liverpool, Everton and Manchester City. When league football resumed, Chester finished the 1946-47 season in 3rd place and won the Welsh Cup the same year. However, the following seasons saw mid-table finishes at best as he struggled with the limited resources available. He eventually left Chester in May 1953, and was manager of Stafford Rangers in 1954-55. He died shortly after finishing his football managerial career.

</doc>
<doc id="5881466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881466" title="List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1981">
List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1981

These are the "Billboard Magazine" number one albums of 1981, per the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="5881470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881470" title="The Secret Lives of Dentists">
The Secret Lives of Dentists

The Secret Lives of Dentists is a 2002 drama film directed by Alan Rudolph. The screenplay was written by Craig Lucas, based on the novella "The Age of Grief" by Jane Smiley. It was screened at several film festivals including Sundance and Cannes, and had a limited release in America on August 1, 2003. To date, this is Rudolph's last film.
Plot.
David (Campbell Scott) and Dana Hurst (Hope Davis) are dentists who are married with three daughters and share a dental practice in Westchester County, New York. Dana is in the chorus of a community opera production, and when David goes backstage to give her a good luck charm, he sees her in the arms of another man. As he contemplates how to handle this, he begins having imaginary conversations with a difficult former patient (Denis Leary). When the whole family gets the flu, everything is brought to a head.

</doc>
<doc id="5881472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881472" title="Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1962)">
Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1962)

Nils Peter Andersson (born 2 March 1962 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who played briefly in the National Hockey League. Selected in the 1980 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals, Andersson also played for the Quebec Nordiques.

</doc>
<doc id="5881489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881489" title="Inor">
Inor

Inor can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881501" title="Derby Italiano">
Derby Italiano

The Derby Italiano is a Group 2 flat horse race in Italy open to three-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies. It is run at Capannelle over a distance of 2,200 metres (about 1 mile and 3 furlongs), and it is scheduled to take place each year in May.
It is Italy's equivalent of the Epsom Derby, a famous race in England.
History.
The event was established in 1884, and it was originally run in the district of Capannelle over 2,400 metres. It was initially called the Derby Reale, and most of the prize money for the inaugural running was donated by King Umberto I.
The race was transferred to its current venue in 1926. It was known as the Gran Premio del Re in the 1930s, and for a brief period it was titled the Gran Premio del Re Imperatore. It was renamed the Derby Italiano in 1946.
The present system of race grading was introduced in the early 1970s, and the Derby Italiano was initially classed at Group 1 level. It was opened to horses born and bred outside Italy in 1981.
The Derby Italiano was cut to 2,200 metres in 2008, and it was downgraded to Group 2 status in 2009. With a current prize fund of €814,000, it is the most valuable horse race in Italy.
Records.
Leading jockey (8 wins):
Leading trainer (21 wins):
Leading owner (20 wins): "(includes part ownership)"
Earlier winners.
The 1916, 1917 and 1925 runnings took place at Parioli, and the 1918, 1944 and 1945 editions were held at Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="5881503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881503" title="ACVR1C">
ACVR1C

The activin A receptor also known as ACVR1C or ALK-7 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ACVR1C gene. ACVR1C is a type I receptor for the TGFB family of signaling molecules. Upon ligand binding, type I receptors phosphorylate cytoplasmic SMAD family transcription factors, which then translocate to the nucleus and interact directly with DNA or in complex with other transcription factors.
ACVR1C transduces signals of Nodal. Nodal binds to ACVR2B and then forms a complex with ACR1C. These go on to recruit the R-SMADs SMAD2 or SMAD3.

</doc>
<doc id="5881507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881507" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Vietnam">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Vietnam

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Vietnam is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Vietnam.
The embassy is located in Hanoi, Vietnam's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Vietnam since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5881516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881516" title="Thompson Stadium">
Thompson Stadium

Robert Means Thompson Stadium was an american football stadium in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1914, and served as the home stadium to the Navy Midshipmen football team of the United States Naval Academy between 1924 and 1959. It was replaced by the larger Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium. The stadium was named after Robert M. Thompson, a marine colonel and graduate of the Naval Academy. Thompson created or led several athletically based organizations at the academy until his death.
Before its conversion to a football stadium, the site of Thompson Stadium was unused area on the Naval Academy campus. Work on the stadium began in 1914, and was finished later the same year. The stadium could seat 12,000 people, and underwent few changes during its entire use. It was surrounded by a regulation running track, and only had a single seating section.
During the 1940s, the Naval Academy began to look for options to construct a new, larger football stadium. The school's directors collected money to build the stadium, which much support was given to by the public, due to the lack of seating at Thompson Stadium. Construction on the new stadium began in 1958, and the field, which would be named the Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium, was completed in 1959. Use of Thompson Stadium ended that year, but the arena remained until the 1980s, when it was replaced by Lejeune Hall.
Name.
From its origins until the year of 1931, Thompson Stadium went without a name, and was referred to on maps as simply "Football Field". On May 30, 1931 the stadium was formally dedicated as the Robert Means Thompson Stadium, who was a benefactor and alumnus of the Naval Academy. Thompson was born in March 1849, and graduated from the Naval Academy as part of the class of 1868. He was commissioned as an officer in the Navy in 1869, but retired two years later to pursue a career in law. After leaving the navy, Thompson became active in helping with the athletics program at the Naval Academy, donating the Thompson Cup, an award given to the academy's athlete with the greatest improvement throughout the course of the season. In addition, Thompson served as the head of several Naval Academy organisations and founded the Naval Academy Athletic Association.
History.
The Naval Academy's football team played their first game in 1879, an away game against the Baltimore Athletic Club. The game ended in a 0-0 tie. The Navy football team, not yet known as the "midshipmen", did not have an official stadium. For the duration of the 1880s, during which the squads obtained a record of thirteen wins, twelve losses, and two ties, the football squads most likely played home games on an unused drill or parade field. From the beginning of the 1890s until 1924, a period in which the Navy squads finished with an overall record of 202-82-23, the football team used Worden Field, a large multi-use athletic field for their home games.

</doc>
<doc id="5881518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881518" title="Activin type 1 receptors">
Activin type 1 receptors

The Activin type I receptors transduce signals for a variety of members of the Transforming growth factor beta superfamily of ligands. This family of cytokines and hormones include activin, Anti-müllerian hormone (AMH), bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs), and Nodal. They are involved in a host of physiological processes including, growth, cell differentiation, homeostasis, osteogenesis, apoptosis and many other functions. There are three type I Activin receptors: ACVR1, ACVR1B, and ACVR1C. Each bind to a specific type II receptor-ligand complex. 
Despite the large amount of processes that these ligands regulate, they all operate through essentially the same pathway: A ligand binds to a Type two receptor, which recruits and trans-phosphorylate a type I receptor. The type I receptor recruits a receptor regulated SMAD (R-SMAD) which it phosphorylates. The RSMAD then translocates to the nucleus where it functions as a transcription factor. 

</doc>
<doc id="5881544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881544" title="Andrei Griazev">
Andrei Griazev

Andrei Vladimirovich Griazev (, born 26 July 1985, in Perm) is a Russian figure skater. He is the 2007 Russian national champion and 2004 World Junior Champion.
Career.
Griazev began skating at the age of four. At the age of 11, he moved from Perm to Saint Petersburg to train with coach Alexei Mishin. He trained at the Yubileyny training center.
During his time training with Mishin, Griazev learned the triple Axel. Griazev placed 14th at the 2002 Junior Worlds, after which Mishin sent him to work with his wife, Tatiana Mishina. Griazev left Yubileyny, returned to Perm, and did not skate at all for three months. In summer 2002, Griazev moved to Newington, Connecticut to train with Tatiana Tarasova on the suggestion of Alexei Yagudin. He became the 2004 World Junior Champion. That same year, he won bronze at Russian senior nationals and earned a chance to compete at the 2004 European Championships and 2004 World Championships, where he placed 8th and 12th, respectively.
During the 2004-2005 season, Griazev sustained a back injury and had to withdraw from the 2004 Skate America. He was 7th at 2004 Cup of Russia but then earned silver at Russian Nationals. He went again to the European Championships, where he placed 5th, and moved up a spot at Worlds to 11th.
For the 2005-2006 season, Tarasova returned to Russia and so Griazev did as well, training with both Tarasova and Elena Vodorezova in Moscow. Griazev was 9th out of 11 men at the 2005 Skate Canada International. The very next week, however, he won the bronze medal at 2005 Cup of China, his first senior Grand Prix medal. At that competition, he was in the lead after the short program, and earned new personal best scores for his short program, long program, and overall total. At the 2006 Russian nationals, Griazev finished 9th and did not receive a berth to the European Championships and the Olympics. Due to the withdrawal of other skaters, Griazev was sent to 2006 Worlds, where he struggled in the qualifying and short programs, but performed a strong long program. Griazev returned to Russia in March 2006 to take part in the Italian Carnival skating tour produced by Ilia Averbukh. He had also taken part in this tour the previous year. His touring schedule was cut short when he sustained a knee injury and had to undergo surgery. 
For the 2006-2007 season, Griazev continued to struggle with consistency, as well as suffering illness at several competitions. At both the 2006 Trophée Eric Bompard and 2006 Cup of Russia, he finished 7th. At the 2007 Russian Championships, Griazev trailed Andrei Lutai after the short program but placed ahead in the long program and won his first national title. He went on to the 2007 European Championships, where he finished 16th and as a result missed the Russian team for the 2007 World Championships. He spent spring 2007 again on Ilia Averbukh's skating tour, which traveled to over twenty cities in Russia, as well as shows in Lithuania, Latvia and Israel. 
For the 2007-2008 season, Griazev was initially assigned to the 2007 Nebelhorn Trophy competition in Oberdstorf, Germany, but injured ligaments in his ankle in September 2007 and had to withdraw from the event. He won the bronze at the 2007 Cup of Russia in Moscow and placed 7th at the 2007 NHK Trophy. He won the bronze medal at the 2008 Russian Championships. 
Griazev placed 5th at the 2009 Russian Championships. He retired from competitive skating following that season. In November 2009, he began skating on cruise ships.

</doc>
<doc id="5881555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881555" title="Charles Lennox">
Charles Lennox

Charles Lennox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881560" title="Balzan of the Cat People">
Balzan of the Cat People

Balzan Of The Cat People is a short lived series of three books by Gerard F. Conway, writing as Wallace Moore. Published by the now defunct Pinnacle Books in 1975, and billed on the cover as "the Tarzan of outer space", these science fiction epics fit into the genre of Sword and Planet .
The protagonist is a young human who was accidentally 'transferred' as a baby to an alien world during the trip to Mars in the 26th century. The planet has green skies, 2 moons, and several different sentient species. The similarity to Tarzan of the Apes is rather obvious, as the young Brian Rice was rescued from the stasis cube in the crashed spacecraft by the Endorian 'Cat People'.
It has been derided on the internet as 'cretinous swill meant for slack jawed teenagers. Balzan is well armed with his therb, a 40-foot whip with a hollow handle containing a highly virulent poison and a wicked barb on the business end, with the poison fed through the whip by capillary action. One scratch and an opponent is dead. He has a neutron sword for close in fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="5881564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881564" title="Time and Tide (Basia album)">
Time and Tide (Basia album)

Time and Tide is the debut album by Polish jazz and pop singer–songwriter Basia, released in the United States on August 21, 1987 by Epic Records and on April 3rd, 1987 in the UK by Portrait Records (CBS). Co-produced and mostly co-written by Basia herself and Danny White, it showcases considerable influences from Brazilian music, noted in the track "Astrud", a tribute to Astrud Gilberto. The album is her first solo album following her departure from the band Matt Bianco. Basia would return to Matt Bianco seventeen years later for the album Matt's Mood, released in 2004
On November 3, 1989 the album was awarded a platinum sales certification by the RIAA for surpassing one million copies sold in the U.S. alone, with the singles "Time and Tide", "New Day for You", and "Promises" all achieving adult contemporary success and the former becoming a top thirty pop hit as well. "New Day for You" was also covered in Japanese by J-pop and future enka singer and actress Yoko Nagayama.
"Time and Tide" was followed two years later by the even more successful "London Warsaw New York".
Track listing.
All songs written by Basia Trzetrzelewska and Danny White, co-writers indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5881568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881568" title="Gabriel von Max">
Gabriel von Max

Gabriel Cornelius Ritter von Max (ennobled in 1900; 23 August 1840 – 24 November 1915) was a Prague-born Austrian painter. 
He was born Gabriel Cornelius Max, the son of the sculptor Joseph Max and Anna Schumann. He studied between 1855 and 1858 at the Prague Academy of Arts with Eduard von Engerth. His studies included parapsychology (somnambulism, hypnotism, spiritism), Darwinism, Asiatic philosophy, the ideas of Schopenhauer, and various mystical traditions. The spiritual-mystical movement was emphasized by the writings of Carl du Prel, and the Munich painter Albert Keller was also an influence.
His first large canvas was painted in 1858 while he was a student at the Prague Academy. He continued his studies at the Viennese Academy of Art with Karl von Blaas, Karl Mayer, Christian Ruben and Carl Wurzinger. From 1863 to 1867 he studied at the Munich Academy with Karl Theodor von Piloty, and also Hans Makart and Franz Defregger. His first critical success was in 1867 with the painting "Martyr at the Cross": that painting transformed the "Unglücksmalerei" (dark palette) of Piloty into a religious-mystical symbolism using a psychological rendering of its subject.
He continued to use the dark palette of the Piloty school well into the 1870s, later moving toward a more muted palette, using fewer,clearer colors. From 1869, Gabriel von Max had his studio in Munich; in the summer, he was in the Ammerland at Starnberger Lake. From 1879-1883, Gabriel Max was a professor of Historical Painting at the Munich Academy; he also became a Fellow of The Theosophical Society. In 1900 he was ennobled and became a Ritter. He died in Munich in 1915.
His interest in anthropological studies also showed in his work. He owned a large scientific collection of prehistoric ethnological and anthropological finds: the collection and his correspondence now reside in the Reiss-Engelhorn-Museen in Mannheim. At his residence in Starnberger Lake, Gabriel Max surrounded himself with a family of monkeys, which he painted often, sometimes portraying them as human. Max, along with his colleagues, often used photographs to guide painting. The great number of monkey photographs in his archive testify to their use as direct translation into his paintings. In 1908, his painting "The Lion's Bride" became celebrated, and was depicted in motion pictures as an "hommage" in the Gloria Swanson film, Male and Female, (1919), directed by Cecil B. de Mille.
Gabriel von Max was a significant artist to emerge from the Piloty School, because he abandoned the themes of the Grunderzeitliche (genre and history), in order to develop an allegorical-mystical pictorial language, which became typical of Secessionist Art. Characteristic of the ethereal style of Gabriel Max is "The Last Token" (in the Metropolitan Museum), and "Light" (in the Odessa Museum of Western and Eastern Art, Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="5881590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881590" title="Michael Wager">
Michael Wager

Michael Wager (April 29, 1925December 26, 2011) was an American film and television actor.
He was born Emanuel Weisgal in New York, NY, and nicknamed "Mendy". He was the son of Meyer W. and Shirley (Hirshfeld) Weisgal.
He appeared in the war film, "Hill 24 Doesn't Answer", and he appeared in a recurring role, as Jonas Roving, on the soap opera "Ryan's Hope". One of his memorable roles was Thomas the Apostle in "King of Kings". 
Personal life.
He married Mary Jo Van Ingen, December 21, 1948 (divorced, 1955); married Susan Blanchard Fonda, June 9, 1962 after her divorce from Henry Fonda (divorced); children: (first marriage) one daughter; (second marriage) one son.

</doc>
<doc id="5881593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881593" title="Balmain Reservoir">
Balmain Reservoir

Balmain Reservoir is an 11 megalitre disused, covered reservoir located under Gladstone Park in Balmain, in the Inner West of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Description.
The reservoir is rectangular in shape, measuring 180 feet (54.86 m) by 108 feet (32.91 m) and 22 feet (6.71 m) tall. It is divided into two chambers by a 15 feet 6 inch (4.72 m) separating wall which supports a walkway. The reinforced concrete roof and park above are supported by concrete pillars spaced at 12 feet (3.66 m) intervals throughout both chambers.
Access to the reservoir is through the adjoining Valve House which extends a further two storeys underground and housed pumping equipment in the lowest level.
The entire facility comprising the reservoir, Valve House and remaining equipment is owned and maintained by Sydney Water.
History.
Balmain reservoir was built in 1915 by the Metropolitan Board of Water Supply and Sewerage, Sydney, and was originally supplied with water by gravity from Potts Hill. The restoration of Gladstone Park and the erection of a bandstand was made a condition of construction of the reservoir. The facility was made redundant by the commissioning of Petersham Reservoir in 1965 and has remained disused ever since.
The neighbouring Valve House was constructed in 1917 on the Booth Street frontage of the park and this, together with the footings of the bandstand, can still be seen today. Restoration work on the Valve House earned a National Trust of Australia Heritage Award in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5881594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881594" title="Filippo Chillemi">
Filippo Chillemi

Filippo Chillemi was born May 12, 1982, in White Plains, New York, to Frank and Angela Chillemi.
Chillemi is a former soccer player of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division 1 Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Prior to his college career, he was a regular member of the US Youth National Soccer Team, and took part in the first IMG Residency Program with teammates Bobby Convey, Landon Donovan, and DaMarcus Beasley. After college, he spent a year playing in Italy with FC Mazzarra, FC Olbia, and Empoli FC, and has retired from play due to an ankle injury. He is currently pursuing a career in orthopedic surgery. He attended Roswell High School in Roswell, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="5881600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881600" title="Pacific-class patrol boat">
Pacific-class patrol boat

The Pacific class (also known as the Pacific Forum class and the ASI 315 class) is a class of 22 patrol boats built by Australia and donated to twelve South Pacific countries. Constructed from 1985 to 1997 and operated by militaries, coast guards or police forces of the twelve island nations, these boats are supported by the Pacific Patrol Boat Program. They are used primarily for maritime surveillance and fisheries protection.
Design and construction.
Following the introduction of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea in 1982, which introduced a Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) to the territories of all nations with an ocean coastline, several Southwest Pacific island nations found themselves responsible for policing an area of ocean that was beyond their maritime capability, and often significantly larger than their land territories (at its most extreme, the EEZ of Tuvalu dwarfs its landmass by a ratio of almost 1:28,000). Following requests by several Pacific nations for assistance from the governments of Australia and New Zealand, the Australian government created a Defence Cooperation Project, the Pacific Patrol Boat Program to design and provide suitable patrol boats to nearby island nations, along with training and infrastructure to support these ships. The Program was officially announced by Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke during the South Pacific Forum meeting held in Canberra on 29 and 30 August 1983.
Requests for tenders were issued in August 1984, and the contract was awarded to Australian Shipbuilding Industries (ASI), who had designed a small vessel capable of maritime surveillance and interdiction, search and rescue operations, and fisheries protection on 9 May 1985. A prototype was constructed by ASI in 1984; smaller than the Pacific class, the craft was later sold to the Solomon Islands Police Force and named "Savo". Construction of the Pacific class began in September 1985. It was initially planned that ten ships would be produced for eight countries, with the first ship, HMPNGS "Tarangau" delivered to the Papua New Guinea Defence Force on 16 May 1987. The program continued until 15 ships were ordered, then was terminated before being reopened in February 1993. By the time the program concluded, 22 ships had been delivered to 12 countries, with the final ship, FSS "Independence", delivered to the Federated States of Micronesia in June 1997. The Pacific Patrol Boat Project is the largest and most complex defence co-operation project ever funded by Australia.
Each patrol boat has a length of , a beam of , a draught of , and a full load displacement of 162 tonnes. They are fitted with two Caterpillar 3516TA diesel engines, which provide 2,820 horsepower to two propeller shafts, driving the vessel at a maximum of . Pacific-class vessels have a maximum range of at , and can remain at sea for up to ten days. Armament varies depending on the operating nation; the patrol boats may carry GAM-BO1 20 mm guns, 7.62 mm machine guns, or 12.7 mm machine guns, and these may not be permanently fitted. Each ship carries a Furuno 1011 surface search radar, which operates in the I band. The ship's company varies between 14 and 18, depending on the operating nation. In order to reduce construction and maintenance costs, the vessels were built to commercial, as opposed to military, standards, and with the need for companies in the operating nations to be capable of providing parts and minor maintenance in mind.
There were initial problems with the propellers, engine cooling systems, and air conditioning, but these were fixed before the completion of the third ship of the class. The class underwent refits during each ship's seventh or eighth year of operation, and again at the fifteenth year (which is ongoing until 2012). This has extended the predicted service life of the class to 2027.
Derivatives.
Several variant designs for the Pacific class have been produced by Australian Shipbuilding Industries (later Transfield ASI, then Tenix), for a variety of operators.
Four patrol boats of a slightly shortened design were produced for the Kuwait Coast Guard. An unarmed version of this design is also offered to the operators of oil platforms as crew transport.
Six modified versions of the Pacific class were built for the Hong Kong Marine Police as the "Protector" class. The main difference is the installation of a pump-jet engine to supplement the main propulsion.
A single navigation training vessel, "Seahorse Mercator", was built for Defence Maritime Services in 1999 which operates the ship under contract to the Royal Australian Navy. Although the hull design is the same, the interior and superstructure are significantly modified. The "Seahorse Mercator" design was used as the basis for the Royal Canadian Navy's eight "Orca" class patrol vessels, although Canadian engineers modified the "Orca"s to the point where they only share the basic hull shape with the Australian ship.
A , all-aluminium design based on the Pacific-class hull, the "Ilocos Norte" class, was created for the Philippine Coast Guard. Four of these ships were delivered in December 2001, and are used as search and rescue vessels. An option for a follow on order by the Philippines of ten more ships was offered, but has not been used. The "Ilocos Norte" design was used in 2008 for the New South Wales Police Force patrol vessel "Nemesis"; the largest police-operated patrol boat in the Southern Hermisphere.
Role and benefits.
The Pacific-class patrol boats are used primarily for maritime surveillance and fisheries protection. They are often the only surveillance capability the operating nation has access to, and their presence has often deterred foreign fishing fleets. The ability to patrol the waters has provided boosts to economies through both fishing fines and improved negotiation stances when discussing foreign fishing rights and fees. As part of the patrol role, the Pacifics have been used for customs inspection of ships, and have stopped some smuggling and drug-running operations. Some nations charter the vessels out to other government agencies or private companies for salvage work, hydrographic surveying, or even tasks like helping to establish aquaculture farms. Pacific-class patrol boats have also seen use in humanitarian roles such as search-and-rescue, towing of disabled vessels, sea safety checks on vessels, and inter-island transport, particularly for disaster relief operations.
The patrol boats also provide indirect benefits to the operating nations. Operation of the Pacifics has often required the expansion of maritime facilities, providing jobs and facilitating access for other ships. In addition to the economic boost from fishing fees and fines, improved hydrographic charts created by the ships contributes to boosting tourism. The ships are seen as miniature warships, and are a point of pride and prestige for the island nations. Crew training by the Australian Maritime College (AMC) has increased the number of trained seafarers in the operating nations, improving the skill level of each nation's maritime sector.
The Pacific Patrol Boat Program has also provided benefits to Australia and New Zealand. These nations enjoy an improved strategic presence in the region, and the naval advisors supplied to operating nations create personal networks within those nations, while improving the skill set and knowledge of the Pacific-class operators. These advisors regularly interact with officials from agencies outside the normal scope of diplomats, and can obtain political and strategic information inaccessible through other avenues. The naval advisors also allow the military-operated vessels to maintain links to larger naval forces. The ability for the operating nations to provide their own humanitarian support likewise reduces the need for Australian and New Zealand assets to become involved in relatively small-scale incidents.
Support and infrastructure.
Australian Shipbuilding Industries (later Tenix) provides support facilities for the class in Brisbane, Australia, and Suva, Fiji.
Crew training for the Pacific-class patrol boats is offered by the Australian Department of Defence and the Australian Maritime College (AMC). The AMC runs an average of 32 classes per year in support of the Pacific Patrol Boat Program. The AMC does not possess a Pacific-class patrol boat to use as a training vessel; instead, the TV "Pinduro" is fitted with identical electronic equipment.
The cost of the project to Australia as of 1998 has been A$249 million. Each recipient country has funded most operating costs, with the United States contributing to the costs of 
Palau, the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia through the Compact of Free Association.
Following the 2006 Fijian coup d'état, Fiji was suspended from the program, and the associated support.
Operators.
Twelve nations operate Pacific-class patrol boats, as part of their military, coast guard, or police force:
Future replacement.
It is predicted that as the Pacifics approach the end of their service life, the operating nations may again approach Australia to assist in providing replacement ships. Patrol boats built to a similar design to the RAN's "Armidale"-class or RNZN's "Protector"-class are considered to be appropriate, and would help support the Australian shipbuilding industry. However, acquiring these more complex ships may be financially restrictive and more difficult to maintain for some of the smaller nations.
A 2008 report recommended that the Australian Defence Force not pursue a replacement program, due to the rising costs of operating and fuelling the ships (over double the expected annual cost of A$12 million two years in a row), poor operating rates (averaging 36 days at sea per ship per year) linked to the operating nations' difficulties in crewing and maintaining the ships, and a lack of support from the other nations with interests in the Pacific.
In June 2014, the Australian government announced that a replacement class of at least 20 vessels would be built by Australia as part of a new Pacific Patrol Boat Program. The A$2 billion program (including A$594 million for construction and A$1.38 billion for through-life support costs) will replace the existing Pacific-class vessels, plus include East Timor as a new recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="5881603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881603" title="Comfort in Sound (song)">
Comfort in Sound (song)

"Comfort in Sound", was the last single to be taken from Feeder's 2002 album of the same name. It was only available at first on the band's arena tour in December 2003, and was limited to 3,000 copies. A few weeks after the tour, the single was available for download from "Feederweb" with downloadable PDF artwork.
The inclusion of the original "Piece By Piece" video was the first time it was ever released in the UK.
It made the B-list of BBC Radio 1's playlist- the first time for a download only single in which the CD was not commercially available or not available at all.
Release.
After the release of "Find the Colour" which was the band's last commercial single from the album, the band decided to release the title track as a limited edition single, only available on the bands tour. The original plan was to put this out as the fourth single.
It was originally only available on CD single during the 2003 "Comfort in Sound" tour, and were sold at the merchandise stalls on every gig date. After the tour, it was then available as a download for a limited time only on the bands official website Feederweb via 7 Digital, and also included a PDF download image of the singles artwork. It can now be found as a download on many sites like iTunes, but without the singles artwork, due to only being available on the singles compilation album.
Style.
"Comfort in Sound" like "Find the Colour" previews the upbeat parts of the album. While it is upbeat musically, it is dark in its mood lyrically. Musically, the track mixes in a few dark moods during the verses and middle eight, with an upbeat chorus, while the dark emotions focused on in the lyrics. The version on the single is a new mix by popular producer Mike "Spike" Stent which is also available on the compilation of the band's greatest hits "The Singles". The newer mix does not have the extra ending with the song title sung by Grant at the end, and also contains 'higher' pitched vocals.
Music video.
The music video features various montages in black and white from the bands shows over the years, it is the last time to date the bands late drummer Jon Lee appears in a music video, and the first time for touring guitarist Dean Tidey, who would later re-appear in the video for "Pushing the Senses", which used a similar format.
The various montages are from the 2001 and 2002 Reading festivals, various dates on the March–April 2003 tour and rehearsal sessions. Each scene uses fade-in-out techniques, to follow onto the next one.
It only just missed out on becoming the first ever music video to support a download only single, to appear on a music channels playlist, due to the release of "Stockholm Syndrome" by Muse earlier in the year.
Reception.
As the single was not commercially released, and only available physically to the bands fans if they attended at least one date on the arena tour, and could only be found as a commercially available download if one logged onto the official site, this meant that the single qualified as the very first download only single to appear on the BBC Radio 1 playlist. Only Nelly Furtado (when she scrapped the then forthcoming physical UK release of "Say it Right") and Oasis have done so since, but Feeder will always be the first act to achieve this.
The single sold all its 3,000 copies in early 2004, when Feederweb put the excess unsold stock from the tour on sale, via mail order. It is today hugely sought after, with the CD changing hands on eBay for 5-10 times its original price of 4.99 GBP, it also rarely appears on the site. The newest mix is the most popular from the 2 versions (other being the album version), with the fanbase.
The single reached #8 on the international artist airplay chart in the UAE, and also the top 10 of the weekly "X-List" voting chart on XFM. It was also at the time the highest charting download only single on the UK top 100 radio airplay charts, when it reached #57.

</doc>
<doc id="5881610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881610" title="Valerie Van Ost">
Valerie Van Ost

Valerie Van Ost (born 25 July 1944, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England) is an English actress.
She is best known for her appearance in four Carry On films - "Carry On Cabby", "Carry On Doctor", "Carry On Again Doctor" and "Carry On Don't Lose Your Head".
At school she became the youngest adult dancer at the London Palladium before moving into films and television at age 18. She memorably appeared as the dim-witted Penny in an episode of "The Avengers" entitled "Dead Man's Treasure", and a year later was considered for the part of Diana Rigg's replacement as Steed's sidekick. She also starred in Hammer horror film "The Satanic Rites of Dracula" (1973) before retiring from performing in 1982 and forming a casting company with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="5881633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881633" title="ACVR1B">
ACVR1B

Activin receptor type-1B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ACVR1B" gene.
ACVR1B or ALK-4 acts as a transducer of activin or activin like ligands (e.g., inhibin) signals. Activin binds to either ACVR2A or ACVR2B and then forms a complex with ACVR1B. These go on to recruit the R-SMADs SMAD2 or SMAD3. ACVR1B also transduces signals of nodal, GDF-1, and Vg1; however, unlike activin, they require other coreceptor molecules such as the protein Cripto.
Function.
Activins are dimeric growth and differentiation factors which belong to the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily of structurally related signaling proteins. Activins signal through a heteromeric complex of receptor serine kinases which include at least two type I (I and IB) and two type II (II and IIB) receptors. These receptors are all transmembrane proteins, composed of a ligand-binding extracellular domain with a cysteine-rich region, a transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic domain with predicted serine/threonine specificity. Type I receptors are essential for signaling, and type II receptors are required for binding ligands and for expression of type I receptors. Type I and II receptors form a stable complex after ligand binding, resulting in phosphorylation of type I receptors by type II receptors. This gene encodes activin A type IB receptor, composed of 11 exons. Alternative splicing and alternative polyadenylation result in 3 fully described transcript variants. The mRNA expression of variants 1, 2, and 3 is confirmed, and a potential fourth variant contains an alternative exon 8 and lacks exons 9 through 11, but its mRNA expression has not been confirmed.
Interactions.
ACVR1B has been shown to interact with

</doc>
<doc id="5881635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881635" title="St Vincents GAA">
St Vincents GAA

St Vincents is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Marino, on the northside of Dublin, Ireland. The club was founded in 1931 in Marino, although its club grounds were in Raheny for a number of years, but it moved to its home back into Marino in 1987. St Vincents merged with Marino Camogie Club in 1997 to form the St Vincents Hurling, Football and Camogie Club. They have won the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship on three occasions, most recently in 2014. They are the reigning Dublin Senior Football champions, their 26th time to win the title.
Honours.
Football.
Vincents have won the Dublin Senior Football Championship 26 times. Their nearest rivals are O'Tooles who have won the Dublin Championship on 11 occasions. St Vincents won in the years: 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1964, 1966, 1967, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1981, 1984, 2007 and 2013. The team were narrowly defeated by UCD in the 2006 Dublin final. St Vincents eventually won the Dublin championships in 2007 for their first title since 1984. They won the 2013 championship by defeating Ballymun Kickhams after a replay. 
A remarkable 7 in a row which would have led to 14 in a row was stopped by Erins Hope in 1956 and yet another 7 in a row was stopped in 1963 by UCD.
They have also won Leinster football titles in the 2013-14, 2007–08, 1984–85, 1975–76 and 1972–73 seasons. 
St Vincents highest accolades to date were their three All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship titles in 1976, 2008 and 2014. In the 1976 decider they defeated Roscommon Gaels by 4-10 to 0-05 and in 2008 they overcame Nemo Rangers by 1-11 to 0-13 in the final at Croke Park
In 2014 the club won its third All-Ireland title having defeated a gallant Castlebar Mitchels side by a scoreline of 4-12 to 2-11.
In 1991, St Vincent's had the unique distinction of winning the Intermediate and Junior Football Championship. 
St Vincents are also the most successful club in the Dublin Minor Football Championship. They have won the competition on twenty three occasions in 1994, 1987, 1986, 1983, 1982, 1981, 1980, 1979, 1978, 1971, 1970, 1959, 1958, 1956, 1955, 1950, 1948, 1947, 1946, 1945, 1943, 1942 and 1936. This is a record that is unlikely to be rivalled for many years despite Vincents not winning a title since 1994, as their closest rivals Ballyboden St Endas, Scoil Uí Chonaill and O'Tooles have only won five titles each.
St. Vincents also captured a remarkable double double in 1993/94 capturing the U21 Football & Hurling Championships two years in a row.
Hurling.
St Vincents are more renowned for their football exploits, they have been very successful as a senior hurling side. St Vincents have won the Dublin Hurling Championship 13 times, collecting the title in years 1953, 1954, 1955, 1957, 1960, 1962, 1964, 1967, 1975, 1981, 1982, 1988 and 1993. St Vincents competed in the 2007 and 2010 Dublin Senior Hurling Championship finals but lost to Ballyboden St Endas on both occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="5881658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881658" title="List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Australia">
List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Australia

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to Australia is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Commonwealth of Australia, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Australia.
The High Commission is located in Canberra, Australia's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident High Commissioner in Australia since 1943.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between New Zealand and Australia are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5881668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881668" title="List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Canada">
List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Canada

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to Canada is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in Canada, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Canada.
The High Commission is located in Ottawa, Canada's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident High Commissioner in Canada since 1942. The High Commissioner to Canada is concurrently accredited to Barbados, Guyana, Jamaica, and Trinidad and Tobago.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between New Zealand and Canada are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5881673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881673" title="Kaliprasanna Singha">
Kaliprasanna Singha

Kaliprasanna Singha () (23 February 1841{?} - 24 July 1870) is remembered for his two immortal contributions to Bengali literature viz. translation of Mahabharata, the largest epic, and his book Hutom Pyanchar Naksha. He is also remembered as a philanthropist who helped several people and movements in distress.
Early life.
Though the exact date of Kaliprasanna Singha's birth is debatable, on 24 February 1840, the Calcutta Courier published a news that celebrations were made on 23 February 1840 on the occasion of the birth of the son of Nandalal Singha of Jorasanko. The confusion about his year of birth is that initially researchers found his death announcement where it was said that he died at the age of 29 in 1870. However, if the news published in Calcutta Courier, found at a later date, is taken into account, his date of birth would be somewhere near 23 February 1840.
Kaliprasanna was born in the renowned "Singha" family of Jorasanko in North Kolkata.His father was Nandalal Singha. His grandfather Jay Krishna was one of the directors of Hindu College. Kaliprasanna's father died when he was only six years old. Babu Hara Chandra Ghosh, a judge of the lower court, was appointed as the guardian after his father's death.
In his short span of life (1841–1870), Kaliprasanna was a man of unbelievable versatile qualities. It is said that he had a power to recollect anything that he would see or hear even once, and that also from a very early age. The foundation of the Vidyotsahini sabha by him at the age of only 14 bears a testimony to the abilities of this child prodigy. Ishwarchandra Vidyasagar was astonished to see how this young boy could mingle with so many elderly associates and lead them towards recreational pursuits such as organisation of the theatres. Hutom Pyachar Noksa is his immortal creation in which portrayed the picture of the 19 th century babudom in Kolkata. Sunil Gangopadhyay, in his epoch making novel Sei Somoy (Those Days), recreated the same period with Kaliprasanna as the symbolic character, his name in the novel being Nabinkumar.
Kaliprasanna married the daughter of Loknath Basu of Bagbazar in 1854, but she died in a few years. Sometime later, Kaliprasanna married Sharatkumari, the daughter of Chandranath Basu, who was a granddaughter of Raja Prasanna Narayan Deb.
Education.
Kaliprasanna was admitted to Hindu College, currently known as Presidency College. In 1857 he left College. He continued his education in English, Bengali and Sanskrit at home. He enhanced his English knowledge under the guidance of a European teacher Mr.Kirkpatrick. 
He had contribution in different fields as an author, editor, a publisher, a philanthropist, a social worker, and a great patron of art, literature and culture.
Contributions.
Vidyotsahini Sabha and contribution to Bengali Theatre.
Other than his contribution to literature, Kaliprasanna had immense contribution to Bengali theatre too. He established the Vidyotsahini Sabha(a platform for those interested in education) at the age of 14. It was established most probably in 1855. Eminent gentlemen like Krishnadas Pal, Acharya Krishna Kamal Bhattacharya, Peari Chand Mitra, and Radhanath Sikdar were associated with it. Vidyotsahini Sabha was mainly responsible for promoting Hindu theatre, and Bidyotsahini Mancha was set up in 1857 at Kaliprasanna's home. The members of this group performed "Shakuntala" in 1857. According to a witness " The performance of 'Sakuntala' at Simla was, however a failure, This is not to be wondered at; for Sakuntala being a masterpiece of dramatic genius, requires versatile and consummate talent for its representation, rarely to be met with in this country."
Later on Kaliprasanna enacted the play "Benisanhar", which received a warm response and the performance was praised in Samvad Prabhakar. Young Kaliprasanna played the role of Bhanumati, a female character. Later in 1857 only, Kaliprasanna himself wrote the play "Vikramorvashi" based on the Sanskrit composition of Kalidas. Kaliprasanna played the role of Pururava while eminent personalities like Womesh Chandra Bonerjee also participated in the play. The drama was highly eulogised including the performance of Kaliprasanna as actor.
Through Vidyotsahini Sabha he felicitated Michael Madhusudan Dutt for introducing blank verse in Bengali poetry. Kaliprasanna awarded Michael Madhusudan with a certificate and a silver peg.
Kaliprasanna also wrote several other plays like Babu (1854), Sabitri Satyaban (1858), Malati Madhab (1856)
Publications.
He also edited/published several magazines like Vidyotsahini Patrika, Paridarshak, Sarvatattwa Prakashika, Bibidhartha Samgraha etc. Paridarshak was a Benagli daily newspaper started by Jaganmohan Tarkalankar and Madangopal Goswami. For improvement of the newspaper, Kaliprasanna took over editorship of the newspaper. The quality of the newspaper was ahead of its times and Kristo Das Pal wrote, "He also started a first class vernacular daily newspaper, the like of which we have not yet seen." Bibidhartho Samgraha was first edited by Babu Rajendralal Mitra, the well known native gentleman. After him that magazine had been revived under the auspices of Kaliprasanna Singha.
In 1862 the most acclaimed "Hutom Panchar Noksha" had been published. In this book he criticised the activities of the then middle class societies in a humorous manner under the pseudonym "Hutom Pyancha".
He provided financial assistance to magazines like Tattabodhini Patrika, Somprakash, Mookerjee's Magazine, Bengalee, Doorbin and Hindu Patriot.
Translation of Mahabharata.
Under his editorship, the Mahabharata was translated to Bengali in prose form, which is still read and published widely. The whole project was supervised by Vidyasagar. The translation was completed in a house named "Sarswatashram" at Baranagar in North Kolkata. Kaliprasanna distributed Mahabharata without taking any cost. Kaliprasanna compromised his several mahals(owned lands)to bear the expenses. He dedicated his Mahabharata to Queen Victoria.
He also translated "Bhagavad Gita" the Hindu sacred scripture, which was published posthumously.
He had a contribution to Bengali theatre as well. His famous plays include "Vikramorvashi", "SabitriSatyaban", "MalatiMadhav" and "Babu". He also established the Vidyotsahini theatre and also acted in the play "Vikramaorvashi".
Social contributions.
After the death of Harish Chandra Mukherjee in 1861, the magazine dedicated to welfare of native Indians, was facing extinction due to want of money. Kaliprasanna, who revered Harish Chandra immensely, bought the ownership at a cost of fifty thousand rupees, and appointed Shambhu Chandra Mookerjee for management of the magazine. Kaliprasanna also contributed five thousand rupees for preserving the memorial of Harish Chandra, and also wished to dedicate a land for development of a memorial building, which however did not materialise due to lack of interest among others. He also donated to the fund for saving the editor of "Hindu Patriot" Harish Chunder Mukherjee's house from auction after Harish's death.
He also advocated widow remarriage, and after the enactment of Widow Remarriage Act, to popularise the concept, he declared a reward of Rs 1000 to every man who married a widow.
When Rev. James Long, a priest of the Church Missionary Society was accused of sedition for translating the controversial "Nil Darpan", a drama, written by Dinabandhu Mitra, criticising the atrocities of British indigo merchants on native Indians, Kaliprasanna paid the entire amount of fine to be paid by Rev. Long.
Kaiprasanna was also appointed as a Honorary Magistrate and Justice of Peace in 1863. He also served as the Chief Presidency Magistrate of Calcutta for sometime. He was also elected as a Municipal Commissioner for Calcutta. Kaliprasanna however incurred huge financial crisis during the last few days of his life as he had no control on expenditure and there was no end to his donations.
Death.
He died on 24 July 1870 at the age of 30, leaving behind his huge contributions. Kaliprasanna's extravagant ways most of which was dedicated to the welfare of the society however had toll on him in his last days. It was said that the distribution of several copies of Mahabharata alone cost him a huge sum of two and a half lakhs of rupees in those days. It has been also learnt, that though a major income of the zamindari family came from the revenue paid by peasants, Kaliprasanna though being a zamindar, fought for the cause of the peasants and freed several peasants from the revenue burden. In his last days, he was learnt to run into huge debts, and the large estates in Orissa and Bengal Club in Kolkata were sold. He was also deceived by friends and relatives.
Kaliprasanna died before having any issue. After his death, his wife adopted Bijay Chandra Singha, who took over the Hindu Patriot.
After his death Krishnadas Pal wrote "But beneath the troubled waters of youth there was a silvery current of geniality, generosity, good-fellowship and high mindedness, which few could behold without admiring. With all his faults Kaliprasunno was a brilliant character and we cannot adequately express our regret that a career begun under such glowing promises should have come to such an abrupt and unfortunate close."

</doc>
<doc id="5881674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881674" title="Patti, Sicily">
Patti, Sicily

Patti is a town and "comune" in northeastern Sicily, southern Italy, administratively part of the province of Messina, on the western shore of the gulf of the same name. It has 13,224 inhabitants as of 31 December 2004, and it is from Messina.
It is connected to the rest of Sicily by train, via the "Patti-San Piero Patti" train station, located on the railway line Messina-Palermo, and the A20 Palermo-Messina highway. It is still known for the ruins of Tindari, famous for its ancient Greece theatre, and the "Villa Romana".
History.
It stands near the site of the ancient Tyndaris, a Lacedæmonian colony that had a very flourishing commerce; the magnificent temple of Mercury in the latter city was despoiled by Verres. By the time of Pliny the Elder, the sea had encroached greatly upon the shore, and after the foundation of Patti, Tyndaris was almost entirely abandoned; there remains only the church of Santa Maria del Tindaro, with a Franciscan monastery.
The current town name derives from the name given by its inhabitants after they moved there, following an earthquake that destroyed Tindari, forcing them to find another place to settle. The new site was named "Ep' Aktin" (Ἐπ' Ἀκτήν, Greek for 'on the shore'), from which the contracted name "Patti" derives.
The city was rebuilt by Count Roger, after the Saracens had been driven from Messina (1058). The town was founded by the Norman king Roger II of Sicily in 1094. Patti is also famous for its large sandy beaches.
Patti was destroyed by Frederick of Aragon about 1300, on account of its attachment to the House of Anjou; rebuilt in the 16th century, it was later sacked by the Ottoman Turks.

</doc>
<doc id="5881675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881675" title="Florens Radewyns">
Florens Radewyns

Florens Radewyns (or Latinized Florentius Radwyn) (c. 1350 – 25 March 1400) was the co-founder of the Brethren of the Common Life.
Life.
Florens was born at Leerdam, near Utrecht, about 1350. He passed a brilliant university course, took his M.A. degree at Prague. Returning home, he was installed canon of St. Peter's, Utrecht. For some little time he led a life of pleasure, until converted by a sermon of Gerard Groote.
Thereupon he resigned his canonry, placed himself unreservedly under Groote's direction, at his instance was ordained a priest, and accepted a poor benefice at Deventer, where Groote resided. There he powerfully seconded his friend's apostolate, especially among the poor clerical scholars of Deventer, and at his suggestion and in his house the first community of the Brethren of the Common Life was formed. They lived on the income of their book copying, permitting them to teach young men of humbler circumstances who demonstrated a potential for full-time religious life. 
It was also from his house that the six brethren who established the Congregation of Windesheim went forth in 1386, and among them John, the elder brother of Thomas à Kempis. Thomas himself was under the immediate care and guidance of Radewyns from his thirteenth to his twenty-first year. He wrote a loving and edifying sketch of his master, wherein he describes Florens as a man learned in the Scriptures and all sacred science, exceedingly devout, humble, simple, zealous, charitable and excessively mortified. His austerities enfeebled his health, possibly hastened his end; he died at Deventer on 25 March 1400.
He was commonly regarded among the brethren as a saint. His skull, with that of Groote, is still preserved in the Catholic Church (Broedern Kerk) of Deventer.
Of his correspondence remains only one letter, preserved by à Kempis, who also gives us a collection of his notable sayings.

</doc>
<doc id="5881680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881680" title="Lost for Words (Pink Floyd song)">
Lost for Words (Pink Floyd song)

"Lost for Words" is a song recorded by English rock band Pink Floyd, written by guitarist and lead singer David Gilmour and his spouse Polly Samson for the band's fourteenth and final studio album, "The Division Bell". It appears as the penultimate track on the album. The song was released to US rock radio the week of the album's release, succeeding "Keep Talking", the previous promotional release, released the week before.

</doc>
<doc id="5881683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881683" title="Tap converter">
Tap converter

The tap converter is a variation on the cycloconverter, invented in 1981 by New York City electrical engineer Melvin Sandler and perfected in 1982 through 1984 by graduate students Mariusz Wrzesniewski, Bruce David Wilner, and Eddie Fung. Whereas the cycloconverter switches among a variety of staggered input phases to piece together an extremely jagged output signal, the tap converter synthesizes a much smoother signal by switching among a variety of (obviously synchronized) transformer output taps. 
Tap positions.
Both linear spacing and power-of-two-style Vernier spacing can be employed in establishing the tap positions, "e.g.", a four-tap transformer can provide taps at 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 1.0 (linear) or 0.0625, 0.125, 0.25, and 0.5 (Vernier). (The limitations of the Vernier—in this case, that the maximum obtainable amplitude is 0.9375—are less discernible as more taps are added.)
Scott transformer.
By employing a Scott transformer input connection, in order to provide a quadrature phase, an even smoother output waveform can be obtained.
Prototypes.
Prototypes of the device were constructed and field-tested under a variety of conditions—nominally as a variable-speed constant-frequency (VSCF) power source for military aircraft—and ornate computer models were constructed for exploring more ornery considerations, such as flux leakage, hysteresis, and practical thyristor characteristics. All of this work was performed at New York's Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art.
Applications.
As of 2007, the tap converter remains uncommercialized but is used in several military applications due to the minimal output harmonics.

</doc>
<doc id="5881696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881696" title="Never Had a Dream Come True">
Never Had a Dream Come True

"Never Had a Dream Come True" is a song by S Club 7, released as a single on 27 November 2000. It was chosen to be the official 2000 BBC Children in Need song. The song was a success in the UK, where it became the group's second No. 1 single on the UK Singles Chart, and becoming the ninth best-selling single of 2000 in the UK. It was the only single from the group to chart on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at #10. After its success, it was added to a re-release of the band's second album, "7." The group performed the song on the ITV Panto, "Aladdin".
The popularity of the song made the group to appear on MTV's "TRL" in the U.S. early 2001 and the song was added to the track list of the U.S. compilation album, "Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7".
The song has sold 630,000 copies in the UK according to the Official UK Charts Company.
Song information.
The song is about the aftermath of a break-up. The protagonist says that even though she might date other people, she will always have love for her former boyfriend. Jo O'Meara sings the lead vocals for the song while the rest of the members are in supporting vocals.
Track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Never Had a Dream Come True". "Never Had a Dream Come True" was the first single from S Club 7 to only be released on one CD.
UK CD single
UK cassette single
Latin America CD single
U.S. CD single

</doc>
<doc id="5881705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881705" title="Craig Laughlin">
Craig Laughlin

Craig Alan Laughlin (born September 14, 1957 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right wing and color analyst for the Washington Capitals on CSN Washington.
Laughlin was drafted in 1977 by the Montreal Canadiens. He played for several years with the Nova Scotia Voyageurs of the American Hockey League, Montreal's minor league affiliate, before he made it onto the Canadiens' roster for part of the 1981–82 season. In September 1982, Laughlin was traded to the Washington Capitals in the monster deal that also brought Rod Langway, Brian Engblom, and Doug Jarvis to Washington. His contributions helped guide the Capitals to their first playoff appearance in team history.
Laughlin was traded to the Los Angeles Kings on February 9, 1988. He played the 1988–89 season, his final season in the NHL, for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Laughlin would play one season for EV Landshut of the German Hockey League before retiring from active play. In 549 NHL games, Laughlin scored 136 goals and 205 assists.
Laughlin has been the television color analyst for Capitals games since 1990, where he currently is paired with Joe Beninati. He also participates in many Capitals Alumni activities and is involved in charity work in the Washington, DC area. 
Laughlin played collegiate hockey at Clarkson University; his uniform #22 is retired by the school.

</doc>
<doc id="5881708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881708" title="CLN3">
CLN3

Battenin is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "CLN3" gene located on chromosome 16.
Function.
Battenin is involved in lysosomal function. Many alternatively spliced transcript variants have been found for this gene.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene, as well as other neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinosis (CLN) genes, cause neurodegenerative diseases commonly known as Batten disease, also known as Juvenile Neuronal Ceroid Lipofuscinosis (JNCL) or Juvenile Batten disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5881709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881709" title="Peter Reed">
Peter Reed

Peter Reed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881717" title="Lewis Hunt">
Lewis Hunt

Lewis James Hunt (born 25 August 1982 in Birmingham, West Midlands) is an English footballer who plays for Sutton United.
Career.
Hunt's versatility was a big bonus to Southend United when he joined the club from Derby County, making an initial loan deal permanent in the summer of 2004. He featured 11 times for the Rams, but the chance of regular first team football convinced him to join the Blues. 
Hunt was released by Southend United at the end of the 2007–08 season.
He subsequently signed a two-year deal with Wycombe Wanderers on 23 July 2008. After missing the first two months of the season with an injury, Hunt scored his first goal for Wycombe on 15 November in a 1–0 home win against future club Bradford City.
On 30 July 2010, Hunt signed a one-year deal with Bradford City, reuniting himself with manager Peter Taylor after a two-week trial. He scored his first and only goal for the club in a 2-1 win over Rotherham United.
On 9 May 2011, Bradford City confirmed that Hunt would remain at the club for the forthcoming season. However, his contract was cancelled by mutual consent on 25 October 2011.
He signed for Isthmian League Premier Division club Hendon in early January 2012, but moved a month later to Sutton United of the Conference South.

</doc>
<doc id="5881719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881719" title="Stan Cohen (politician)">
Stan Cohen (politician)

Stanley Cohen (31 July 1927 – 23 February 2004) was a British Labour Party politician. He was on the trade unionist right-wing of the party during the early 1980s struggle for control of the party, and as such suffered deselection at the hands of his constituency party.
Cohen was educated at St. Patrick and St. Charles Roman Catholic schools in Leeds. After service in the Royal Navy from 1945 to 1947, he moved into the clothing industry. From 1951 he was employed in the estate department of British Railways and became an executive member of the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association. Cohen was a councillor on Leeds City Council from 1952 and chaired Leeds South East Constituency Labour Party. Cohen contested Barkston Ash in 1966.
He was Member of Parliament for Leeds South East from 1970 to 1983, but in 1981 he was clearly in trouble with his constituency Labour Party (CLP) which was controlled by the left. He publicly mentioned that he was considering following Tom Bradley, the former leader of his union, into the SDP. Labour Party leader Michael Foot persuaded him to remain in the Labour Party and not defect at a meeting on 3 December 1981. Later that day Foot denounced Peter Tatchell, a left-wing candidate who had been selected in Bermondsey; Cohen told "The Guardian" "Maybe it had nothing to do with me, but I would like to believe our discussion might have helped him to make his stand". However, when the CLP moved to a reselection ballot, they instead chose the left-winger Derek Fatchett.

</doc>
<doc id="5881726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881726" title="Adriano Rossato">
Adriano Rossato

Adriano Fabiano Rossato (born 27 August 1977 in Vila Velha, Espírito Santo) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Comercial Futebol Clube. A left defender who is a deadball specialist, he also holds Italian nationality.
Football career.
During his Brazilian career Rossato, a free kick specialist, represented Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, Criciúma Esporte Clube, Associação Atlética Portuguesa (RJ), União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube and Marília Atlético Clube, moving to Portugal in July 2002 with Madeira's C.D. Nacional. During two seasons he scored an astonishing 17 top division goals, including a hat-trick against S.C. Beira-Mar on 25 April 2004 (3–0 home win).
Bought by league giants F.C. Porto in July 2004, Rossato never played an official game for the northerners, joining La Liga side Real Sociedad, and scoring (from a free kick) in only his second season appearance, a 1–2 loss at Sevilla FC, finishing with 22 games.
For 2005–06 Rossato was loaned back to Portugal, joining Sporting Clube de Braga on a one-year link. Having returned to Sociedad for the following season he returned, again on loan, to the Iberian neighbours, joining União Desportiva de Leiria in January 2007.
Released in the 2007 summer Rossato joined second division team Málaga CF, being instrumental in the Andalusia side's 2008 top flight return, after a two-year absence. He would miss, however, the vast majority of the following campaign, due to injury; his first game took place only on 17 May 2009, as he played the second half of a 1–2 away loss against Sporting de Gijón (12 minutes played).
Because of his injuries Málaga announced in July 2009 it would not renew Rossato's contract, so the player was released. Late in the following month the 32-year old signed with another side in the country, second level's UD Salamanca.

</doc>
<doc id="5881730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881730" title="Bill Armstrong (ice hockey, born 1966)">
Bill Armstrong (ice hockey, born 1966)

William Harold Armstrong (born June 25, 1966) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in one National Hockey League (NHL) game for the Philadelphia Flyers during the 1990–91 NHL season and spent the rest of his professional career in the American Hockey League (AHL) and International Hockey League (IHL). Armstrong played collegiately at Western Michigan University from 1986–1989. His playing career was cut short due to a brain tumor which required surgery. He invented the "Michigan" dangling maneuver used by Mike Legg, Miks Indrašis and Mikael Granlund.

</doc>
<doc id="5881731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881731" title="Great Smeaton">
Great Smeaton

Great Smeaton is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. It lies on elevated ground near the River Wiske, which is a tributary of the River Swale. The name Great Smeaton is thought to derive from the Anglo-Saxon word Smideton meaning the smiths farm.
The A167 (Darlington Road) passes through the village, which is about halfway between Darlington and Northallerton. It once stood on the route of the Great North Road between London and Edinburgh. Great Smeaton was an important coaching stage; two of the original four inns still remain, the Black Bull and the Bay Horse. One of those that have gone was named the Golden Lion.
Great Smeaton is listed in the Domesday Book. Many armies have passed through the village over the years, including that of William the Conqueror on his way north.
The Church of St. Eloy's is the only church in Britain named after this saint and stands on the site of an 11th-century Saxon church.
Smeaton Manor is an Arts & Crafts style house by Philip Webb. 
Great Smeaton, like many other villages, has suffered from rural decline over the last few decades. It has lost amenities such as the village shop, the butcher's shop, the blacksmiths, the post office and the Working Men's Club and Reading Room (established in 1880). Amenities that remain include the pubs and the church, Great Smeaton Community Primary School, the village hall and a saddlery shop. The village also has basic amenities such as a post box and a public telephone box.

</doc>
<doc id="5881735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881735" title="Two of Hearts (song)">
Two of Hearts (song)

"Two of Hearts" is a song by American pop singer, dancer, and actress Stacey Q, from her debut album "Better Than Heaven".
The song was one of the highest-selling singles of 1986 (at over a million copies), reaching #3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The single also did well in the Hot Dance Music/Club Play list, landing at #4, and was a top 10 hit in Australia where it reached #7 on the ARIA Charts. It also made the top 60 for the Hot R&B / Hip Hop Play list. Stacey Q performed the song on the television show "The Facts of Life", in character as "Cinnamon", a rival of Tootie's.
"Two of Hearts" was rated #27 in VH1's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '80s.
Annie's cover version.
The song was covered by Norwegian singer Annie. The cover version was produced by Richard X; it was released as a promotional single on October 27, 2008. "Two of Hearts" was also released as a free digital download through Annie's official website.
Formats and track listings.
UK Promotional CD single
UK Promotional 12-inch single
Appearances in other media.
"Two of Hearts" by Stacey Q made appearances in the films "Little Nicky" (2000), "Party Monster" (2003), and "Hot Rod" (2007). It has also been played in the television series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".
When the video is played in an episode of "Beavis and Butt-head", the duo mistakes it for a telethon before finally changing the channel to watch "Violent & Funky" by the Infectious Grooves.
In episode four of season two of "RuPaul's Drag Race", the bottom two contestants, Morgan McMichaels and Sonique, lip synced this song in order for main judge RuPaul to determine who would stay on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="5881741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881741" title="Tartagal River">
Tartagal River

The Tartagal River is a river in the north of the province of Salta, Argentina. It crosses the city of Tartagal, in the San Martín Department, flowing west–east along with many smaller streams, and finally vanishing into a wetland. Its course is rather short and, due to the dry climate of the region, it only carries a large flow during high-precipitation times (mainly in the summer).
In April 2006 (early autumn), after weeks of increased rainfall, the Tartagal overflowed its banks, causing landslides and destroying or severely damaging bridges and roads (including National Route 34) along its course, which caused the city of Tartagal to be practically isolated from the rest of the province for days.
On February 9, 2009, heavy rains caused the to break its banks and flood much of the city, resulting in 11 casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="5881746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881746" title="Steve Collis">
Steve Collis

Stephen Philip "Steve" Collis (born 18 March 1981 in Harrow, London) is an English professional footballer who plays for Rochdale as a goalkeeper. As of the 2013-14 season, he is also employed as Rochdale's goalkeeper coach. 
Collis began his career at Barnet before signing for Nottingham Forest in 2000. After failing to break into the first team at Forest, Collis signed for Yeovil Town on a free transfer, going on to make over forty appearances for the South West team.
During his time at Yeovil, Collis spent short spells at Tiverton Town and Aldershot Town with talks also from Exeter City. Collis was always 2nd best between the sticks at Yeovil but was the perfect replacement for when Chris Weale got injured or sent off in matches. When Steve Collis first joined Yeovil he was only able to feature in Cup matches as Chris Weale was just beginning his long rein in goal. Collis was given the number 22 shirt being the third choice keeper after Number 1. Chris Weale and number 13. Jon Sheffield. Jon Sheffield then retired from football making Collis able to step up through the ranks, although an injury to Weale in the 2004 season saw Sheffield return to be second best to Collis after Collis claimed the Number 13 shirt and Sheffield took the number 31. He was also first choice whist the injury carried on to keeper Ryan Northmore. Steve Collis needed to join a club where he was guaranteed a first team place but after a move to Southend, his career never really took off. Collis spend his best days at Yeovil even if his time was cut short.
After leaving Yeovil, Collis signed a two-year contract in 2006 to become Southend's first signing ahead of the new season in The Championship, but was released by the club at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Following his spell at Southend, Collis signed for Crewe Alexandra as a replacement for departing goalkeeper Ben Williams. His first game in goal saw him save a penalty. On 1 January 2010, Crewe agreed to terminate his contract after he had lost his place to on-loan keeper John Ruddy, allowing Collis to sign for Football League Championship side Bristol City
Collis joined Torquay United on a seven-day emergency loan deal on 6 May 2010, for Torquay's final game of the season against Notts County. Collis was released by Bristol City at the end of the season.
Collis signed a short-term deal with Peterborough United on 6 August 2010. He was then released after his loan move to Northampton Town when Peterborough invested in Exeter City Keeper Paul Jones. He signed for Macclesfield Town on 23 September 2011 on a short term contract until January 2012 to provide cover for José Veiga.
Collis was signed by Buxton manager Martin McIntosh at the start of the 2012–13 season after participating in several pre-season matches for the Northern Premier League Premier Division side.
On 29 January, Rochdale lost their keeper as a late transfer so they were one keeper down. Their manager searched for a non-contract experienced keeper and went for the Buxton 31-year-old. Steve Collis therefore signed a short term deal with Rochdale to take him to the summer. "Goalkeeper Steve Collis was drafted in on Thursday as a replacement for Ben Smith who has departed the club in a bid to find regular football closer to home. Hill explains more: "It is difficult with the 'keeper situation because you're either in goal or you're on the bench. As a centre half you may be able to play full back or in midfield so you've got alternatives, but it's not very often that a goalkeeper will get replaced. It was an ideal situation to get Steve here as he's got experience.” 
Steve is now Goalkeeper coach at Rochdale

</doc>
<doc id="5881764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881764" title="Johann Nathanael Lieberkühn">
Johann Nathanael Lieberkühn

Johann Nathanael Lieberkühn (September 5, 1711, Berlin - October 7. 1756, Berlin) was a German physician. His middle name is sometimes misspelled "Nathaniel".
Lieberkühn studied theology initially, and then moved to physics, in particular mechanics. It was only after this that he commenced medicine. In 1739 he moved to Leiden, in the Netherlands, and then a year later to London and Paris. Following this he returned to Berlin as a member of the Collegium medico-chirurgicum, the body charged with improving the teaching and science of medicine in the Holy Roman Empire, making mathematical and optical instruments and working as a professor and medical doctor. 
Besides his physiological work, Lieberkühn was most known for his preparation of medical specimens—these were still presented up to the nineteenth century, especially in Moscow, as masterpieces. His specimens were prepared primarily with injections of wax-containing fluids into body cavities, creating relatively durable shapes. The Crypts of Lieberkühn (intestinal glands) are named for him; he first described these in detail in "De fabrica et actione vollorum intestinorum tenuium hominis", in 1745. Beyond this, Lieberkühn produced optical instruments, further developing the light microscope, which he had seen for the first time in Amsterdam. His custom microscopes for studying blood vessels were called "Wundergläser", ‘wonder-glasses’ by his contemporaries. 
In 1755, Lieberkühn was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="5881768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881768" title="Damien Fitzhenry">
Damien Fitzhenry

Damien Fitzhenry (born 5 July 1974 in Enniscorthy, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling and Gaelic football with his local club Duffry Rovers and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county hurling team from 1993 until 2010. Fitzhenry was widely regarded as Wexford's greatest ever goalkeeper.
Playing career.
Club.
The Fitzhenry name has been associated with the Duffry Rovers club since the 1970s. Damien, the youngest of fifteen children, currently plays his club hurling and football with 'the Rovers' and is following in the footsteps of his brothers Mark, Tom, Séamus, John, Martin, Gerard, Noel, Paddy and Fran. As well as that three of Fitzhenry’s sisters, Tina, Mary and Ann, have also played camogie with Duffry Rovers. Fitzhenry joined the senior ranks of the club in late 1991 and shared in the club's famous run of seven county football titles in-a-row between 1986 and 1992.
Inter-county.
Fitzhenry first came to prominence in the early 1992 when he joined the Wexford minor hurling panel. He quickly moved onto the under-21 panel, however, he had little success in either of these grades. 
In early 1993 Fitzhenry made his senior debut in the National Hurling League quarter-final against Westmeath. Wexford went on to reach the National League final that year. The opponents on that occasion were Cork, however, the game ended in a draw. The replay saw extra-time being played, however, both sides ended level once again. At the third attempt Cork emerged victorious by 3-11 to 1-12. In spite of this defeat expectations were still high for the Leinster championship. In the final of that competition Wexford drew with arch rivals and All-Ireland champions Kilkenny and there was hope of success. The replay was a different affair as Kilkenny won handily enough by 2-12 to 0-11.
Wexford were defeated in the Leinster final again in 1994 before disappearing from the championship at the first hurdle in 1995. By 1996 things were beginning to change in Wexford, thanks in no small way to the new manager Liam Griffin. Once again Fitzhenry lined out in goals in the Leinster final. Offaly provided the opposition on that occasion; however, history was made as Wexford won by 2-23 to 2-15. It was Fitzhenry's first senior Leinster title and Wexford’s first since 1977. Wexford later defeated Galway in the penultimate game of the championship, setting up an All-Ireland final meeting with Limerick. The Munster men were slight favourites going into the game. They were the beaten finalists of 1994 and had already beaten Clare, the reigning champions, in the Munster Championship. The game was far from a classic; however, it did provide excitement. Tom Dempsey was the hero of the day as he scored a goal after nineteen minutes to give Wexford a major advantage. His side led by 1-8 to 0-10 at half-time in spite of having Éamonn Scallon sent off. Wexford took a four-point lead in the second-half; however, this was whittled back to two points as Wexford hung on for the last twenty minutes. The final score of 1-13 to 0-14 showed how vital Dempsey’s goal was. It was Fitzhenry's first All-Ireland medal and Wexford’s first since 1968.
In 1997 Fitzhenry captured a second Leinster title as Wexford defeated their age old rivals Kilkenny. A 2-14 to 1-11 victory secured a safe passage to the All-Ireland semi-final where Tipperary, the defeated Munster finalists, provided the opposition. Wexford, however, surrendered their All-Ireland crown on that occasion as Tipp won the game. In spite of this defeat Fitzhenry was recognised as the best goalkeeper of the championship and was presented with his first All-Star award. 
The departure of Liam Griffin as manager resulted in a downturn in Wexford's fortunes. Offally and Kilkenny monopolised the Leinster final for the next three years from 1998 until 2000. Fitzhenry's side were back in the provincial final in 2001, however, a 2-19 to 0-12 defeat by Kilkenny proved how off the pace the team were. In spite of this the team reached the All-Ireland semi-final where they drew with Tipperary. Tipp won the replay and went on to claim the All-Ireland title for the first time in a decade. 
Fitzhenry's side lost out to Kilkenny in the Leinster finals of 2002 and 2003, however, they ended up in the All-Ireland semi-final in the latter year. In that game Wexford drew with Cork in an exciting challenge, however, Cork crushed Wexford in the replay. 
In 2004 Wexford faced Kilkenny in the Leinster semi-final. While most people expected an easy victory for 'the Cats', Wexford sealed the win with a dramatic last-second goal resulting in a one point victory. Wexford later went on to defeat Offaly in the provincial final giving Fitzhenry his third Leinster medal. This allowed Wexford to advance to the All-Ireland semi-final, however, Cork claimed the victory in the penultimate stage of the championship. Once again, Fitzhenry was recognised as the best goalkeeper in the country and he was presented with a second All-Star award.
The following few years brought little success to Fitzhenry or Wexford. Although the team suffered defeats in the Leinster championship they still made their way to the All-Ireland quarter-finals.
In 2007 Wexford lost the provincial final by double scores to Kilkenny, however, the team later shocked Tipperary in the All-Ireland quarter-final. Fitzhenry scored a crucial goal in that game to secure the victory and set up an All-Ireland semi-final with Kilkenny. Once again, 'the Cats' defeated the men from the Model County. Fitzhenry was later presented with a GPA All-Star. 
In 2008 Wexford had a poor start to the championship. After drawing with Dublin, Fitzhenry's side faced Kilkenny in the provincial decider. A trouncing on that occasion meant that Wexford had only one more chance left to remain in the championship. An All-Ireland quarter-final meeting with Waterford, in spite of a great display by Fitzhenry, resulted in a 2-19 to 3-15 defeat.
Two days later there were rumours that Fitzhenry was thinking about retirement from inter-county hurling after 15 years on the panel though in January, 2009 after the former Tippperary hurler Colm Bonnar was appointed as the manager two months ago. Fitzhenry returned to the panel but did not play until their championship opening against Offaly on 30 May where he made a few magnifciant saves including a penalty from Shane Dooley. Fitzhenry and his squad were narrowly sent to the qualifiers after a one point defeat by Dublin at Nowlan Park. Despite getting early knocked out Fitzhenry thought about giving the 2010 hurling championship another go.
Fitzhenry confirmed on 15 February 2010 his retirement from inter-county hurling after serving 17 years in the panel. He was succeeded as Wexford goalkeeper by Noel Carton.

</doc>
<doc id="5881784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881784" title="Richard Head">
Richard Head

Richard Head (born ca. 1637 in Ireland, died before June 1686 at sea near the Isle of Wight) was an author, playwright and bookseller. He became famous with his satirical novel "The English Rogue" (1665) – one of the earliest novels in English that found a continental translation.
Life.
The most important primary source on Head's life is William Winstanley's biographical entry published in his "Lives of the most famous English poets" (1687) – a credible if not reliable source insofar as Winstanley could claim to have been personally acquainted with Head. According to Winstanley, Head was a minister's son, born in Ireland. His father was killed in the Irish rebellion of 1641, the incidents seem to be reflected in Head's "English Rogue", the satirical romance he published in 1665. His mother took him to England where she had relatives in Barnstaple. They later moved on to Plymouth, to Bridport in Dorset where Head is known to have attended the town's grammar school in 1650. Head was eventually admitted to the same Oxford College his father had attended (possibly New Inn Hall, from which a John Head graduated in 1628). His financial means being insufficient Head was taken from college and bound apprentice to a "Latin bookseller" in London "attaining to a good Proficiency in the Trade", as Winstanley put it.
"His genius being addicted to Poetry" he published his first poetical and satirical piece which Winstanley recorded as "Venus Cabinet Unlock'd". This may be a reference to Giovanni Benedetto Sinibaldi's "The cabinet of Venus unlocked, and her secrets laid open. Being a translation of part of Sinibaldus, his Geneanthropeia, and a collection of some things out of other Latin authors, never before in English" (London: Philip Briggs, 1658). Head married around that time. A second addiction to gambling cost him the profit he made as an author and with his shop.
Head moved – or fled – to his homeland Ireland, where he gained esteem with his first comedy "Hic et ubique, or, The Humors of Dublin" – printed with a dedication to the Duke of Monmouth at his return to England in 1663. The Duke's recompense remaining below expectations Head had to survive as a bookseller with shop addresses (so Sidney Lee) in Little Britain, and (so Gerard Langbaine) in Petty Canons Alley, off Paternoster Row and opposite Queen's Head Alley. Winstanley located him in Queen's Head Alley. If his reports are trustworthy, Head gathered some wealth in little time only to gamble it away again a little later.
"The English Rogue" (1665) solved some of his financial problems. Its tales of drastic adventures were based on the model of Spanish rogue stories (such as "Lazarillo de Tormes" 1554), which were fashionable due to the contemporary publication of Scarron's "Roman Comique" (or "Comical Romance", so the English title which established the genre), and savoury with the events Head could claim to have based on his personal experience. The censor, so Winstanley reported, rejected the manuscript as "too much smutty". The softened book edition sold brilliantly and created a complex publishing history: The first edition published by Henry Marsh sold out within the year. Marsh died that very year, Francis Kirkman the business partner, to whom Marsh had been indebted, secured the rights and sold Head's title in four further editions between 1666 and 1667. It remains unclear how the ensuing volumes two, three, and four, published in 1671, 1674 and 1680, came to be written (a fifth was promised and never appeared). Winstanley speaks of Head as the author indiscriminately. In the dedication to his "Proteus redivivus" (1675) Head, however, explicitly denies a hand in any part but the first. Kirkman asserted nonetheless that he and Head were responsible for the third and fourth parts. The preface to the latter is signed by both men – facts which make Head's belated disclaimer suspicious.
Head's imprint as a publisher is found on several titles. Works from his pen appeared until 1677. Winstanley reports that Head drowned on a journey to the Isle of Wight; the report itself was made in June 1686, and this generally accepted as the date of his death, even though more accurately it is a terminus ante quem.
Literary impact.
Richard Head's "English Rogue" became the first work of English prose fiction to be translated into a continental language. Its German title was "Simplicianischer Jan Perus, dessen Geburt und Herkommen, kurtzweiliger Lebens-Lauff, unterschiedliche Verheyrathung, Rencke, Schwencke, Elend, Reise, Gefängnuß, Verurtheil- und Bekehrung" (1672), – the title being designed to sell the English work on the very market Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen had recently created with his Simplicius Simplicissimus (1666–1668).
Numerous imitations of Head's rogue story followed on the English market such as "The French Rogue: or, The Life of Monsieur Ragoue de Versailles" (1672) (identified in several library catalogues as another of Head's works); the most famous descendant is today probably Daniel Defoes "The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders" (1722).

</doc>
<doc id="5881789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881789" title="Virgin Experience Days">
Virgin Experience Days

Virgin Experience Days is an experience day gift brand of Richard Branson's Virgin Group launched in 2001.
Managed by Acorne plc since 2003, Virgin Experience Days are available as gift packed vouchers, gift cards and evouchers.

</doc>
<doc id="5881800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881800" title="Fike Recreation Center">
Fike Recreation Center

Fike Recreation Center, originally known as Clemson Field House, is an on-campus recreation facility at Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina. It houses several gymnasiums, a pool, a fitness atrium, racquetball courts, an indoor walk/jog/run track, and a climbing wall. The basketball team played there from 1930 to 1968, when Littlejohn Coliseum opened.
The building originally opened in 1930 as the Clemson Field House, and was the indoor home to Clemson athletics. It also contained the original dressing rooms for the football team, who would leave the building, cross Williamson Rd., and make their grand entrance, running down the hill into Clemson Memorial Stadium. It was renamed in 1966 in honor of the late Dr. Rupert H. "Rube" Fike, Class of 1908, a longtime booster and founder of the IPTAY Club, one of the country's first athletic booster clubs. It has been expanded three times, in the 1940s, 1970s, and prior to 2003, when it received its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="5881812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881812" title="Joseph Dean, Baron Dean of Beswick">
Joseph Dean, Baron Dean of Beswick

Joseph Jabez Dean, Baron Dean of Beswick (3 June 1923 – 26 February 1999) was a British Labour Party politician.
At the February 1974 general election, Dean was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Leeds West. In the House of Commons, he was an assistant government whip from 1978 to 1979.
He served until the 1983 general election when he unexpectedly lost his seat to the Liberal candidate Michael Meadowcroft.
In September 1983, he was given a life peerage as Baron Dean of Beswick, of East Manchester in the County of Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="5881826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881826" title="Joyce Sparer Adler">
Joyce Sparer Adler

Joyce Sparer Adler (December 2, 1915 – September 13, 1999) was an American critic, playwright, and teacher. She was a founding member of the faculty of the University of Guyana, writer of important critical analyses of Wilson Harris and Herman Melville, and 1988 president of the Melville Society.
Biography.
Joyce Sparer Adler was born in New York City, the daughter of Louis and Lillian (Solomon) Lifshutz. She received a B.A. "cum laude" from Brooklyn College in 1935, and an M.A. in 1951. Her first marriage, to Max Sparer, ended in divorce. She had two daughters, Ellen and Laura.
She was an English teacher in the New York City public school system, and an active member of the teachers' union. She resigned from her teaching position in 1954 . She held a number of jobs during the 1950s, including writing television screenplays and editing for the journal "Blood".
In 1963 she traveled to Georgetown, Guyana as a member of a small group recruited to conduct seminars for teachers in the colony of British Guiana, after which she was invited by Premier Cheddi Jagan to return and be a founding member of the University of Guyana. She stayed for five years, during which time she was actively involved in the political events that led to the independence of Guyana from Great Britain. She was a friend of many Guyanese political figures, including Cheddi Jagan and Janet Jagan who each later served as President.
While in Guyana, she wrote the study "Attitudes Towards 'Race' in Guyanese Literature" (San Juan: University of Puerto Rico, 1968). She became especially involved with the work of Guyanese author Wilson Harris, becoming one of the leading international authorities on his work. In 1997 she served as guest editor of a special issue of "The Review of Contemporary Fiction" devoted to Harris. Adler's many writings about Harris, originally published in a variety of journals, were published posthumously as the book "Exploring the Palace of the Peacock: Essays on Wilson Harris" (Kingston: University of the West Indies Press, 2003). ISBN 976-640-140-3).
In 1968, she returned to the United States after marrying mathematician and author Irving Adler. She lived in Shaftsbury, Vermont for the remainder of her life, raising three of her grandchildren after the death of her daughter Ellen in 1975.
Shortly after coming to Vermont she began work on her book "War in Melville's Imagination" (New York: New York University Press, 1981. ISBN 0-8147-0575-8).
She adapted three Melville novels as plays, published as the book "Dramatizations of Three Melville Novels, with an Introduction on Interpretation by Dramatization" (Edwin Mellen Press, 1992. ISBN 0-7734-9443-X). Her play "Melville, Billy and Mars", a dramatization of "Billy Budd", premiered at the University of Kansas in 1995. Her dramatization of "Moby-Dick" received its first dramatic reading in Kahului, Hawaii at an international meeting of the Melville Society in 2003. Her Benito Cereno was first staged at the New Bedford Whaling Museum in New Bedford, Massachusetts in 2005.
Adler traveled extensively, speaking at conferences and universities around the world , including Australia, Belgium, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Singapore.
In addition to her professional work, Adler was a committed social activist who engaged in many peace and civil rights movements throughout her life.

</doc>
<doc id="5881830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881830" title="Timberyard Records">
Timberyard Records

Timberyard Records was a pioneering record label in the Australian independent music movement of the 1980s.
Timberyard Records were established in 1985 in Newtown, New South Wales by Michael Danias. Initially releasing prominent underground Sydney acts such as Box the Jesuit, Candy Harlots, The Dubrovniks, Girl Monstar, Johnny Teen and the Broken Hearts and the Zen Genies.
In 1989 the label released a Christmas compilation, "Rockin' Bethlehem", which featured a number of bands from the label, including The Dubrovniks, Ratcat, Girl Monstar, Steve Kilbey (The Church), Damien Lovelock (The Celibate Rifles), The Jackson Code and Lime Spiders. Proceeds from the sales of the album went to the Camperdown Children's Hospital. In 1990 the label released a second Christmas compilation album, "Rockin' Bethlehem - The Second Coming", which featured The Falling Joys, Painters and Dockers, Ed Kuepper, The Screaming Tribesmen, Archie Roach and Paul Kelly. Also that year You Am I signed with Timberyard, with the label subsequently releasing the band's first two EPs, "Snake Tide" in May 1991 and "Goddamn" in May 1992. The band then signed to Ra Records, a sub-branch of rooArt Records.
Timberyard took an extended break for many years before becoming active in the mid-2000s, with releases from Melbourne bands, Ripe, Cosmic Psychos and Damn Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="5881842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881842" title="Steven Hammell">
Steven Hammell

Steven Hammell (born 18 February 1982 in Glasgow) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Motherwell.
Career.
Hammell joined Motherwell at the age of fifteen, after Alex McLeish and John Park came to his house and managed to persuade Hammell to take up football full-time. He was loaned out to Bearsden Boys Club, helping them win the league. Upon his return to Motherwell, he made his debut against Aberdeen at Pittodrie at the age of eighteen.
Hammell joined Southend United in July 2006 on a free transfer from Motherwell after his contract had expired – turning down more established sides such as Derby County, Southampton and Aberdeen. In 2005, Hammell was the subject of a £1m bid from Scottish Premier League Champions Celtic, however the move did not materialise.
Hammell came to speak to Southend manager Steve Tilson after a conversation with former Blues loanee Alan McCormack – also of Motherwell. Hammell praised Tilson and the set-up at Southend and after a nervous 48 hours wait whilst Hammell brought his girlfriend down to Essex to check out the area, he agreed to sign a two-year contract.
In 2002 Hammell was cautioned by police after an alleged racist remark during a game towards player Momo Sylla. Which was later founded to be untrue.
Hammell rejoined Motherwell in the January 2008 transfer window on deadline day for a fee of £110,000, replacing Jim Paterson at left-back. Earlier in the day Paterson had left the club to join Plymouth Argyle and the proceeds from this transfer were used to buy Hammell.
On 18 May 2012, Hammell signed a two-year contract extension, keeping him at Fir Park till 2014. He would also be granted a testimonial as well. On 22 July 2012, Hammell played in his testimonial match for Motherwell against Everton, the match finished 1–1.
On 26 April 2014, Hammell made his 500th appearance for Motherwell in a 5–1 loss against Dundee United. On 22 May 2014, he signed a new contract at Motherwell, keeping him at the club until Summer 2016.
International career.
Hammell was capped twelve times for the Scotland U21's, scoring once in the process. Hammell was part of under-21 team that reached the play-offs for the 2004 UEFA European Championships. They were beaten 2–1 by Croatia U21's on aggregate.
On 17 November 2004, Hammell made his full international debut for Scotland under caretaker manager Tommy Burns in a 4–1 friendly defeat to Sweden, coming on as a 54th-minute substitute for Hearts centre-back Andy Webster. In May 2013, after a nine year absence from international duty, Hammell was drafted in to the Scotland squad for their FIFA World Cup qualifier against Croatia following injury doubts over other full backs. In July 2013, Hammell managed to retain his place in the Scotland squad to face England at Wembley in August. Hammell received another late call up to the Scotland squad for the return fixture against Croatia in October 2013.
On 15 March 2006, Hammell played for the Scotland B team in the Futures Cup against the Turkey B team in a 3–2 defeat. On 6 May 2009, Hammell played a second time for the Scotland B team, in a 3–0 friendly win. This time against the Northern Ireland B team.

</doc>
<doc id="5881843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881843" title="1st Light Car Patrol (Australia)">
1st Light Car Patrol (Australia)

1st Light Car Patrol was formed in Melbourne during 1916 and was at first named the 1st Armoured Car Section but was also known as the 1st Armoured Car Battery. Equipped with three armoured cars built at the Vulcan Engineering Works in South Melbourne, a Daimler, a Mercedes and a Minerva. All were armoured and the Daimler and Mercedes were armed with Colt machine guns. The unit fought against the Senussi in the Sudan and Western Desert. The 1st Armoured Car Section became the 1st Light Car Patrol on 3 December . As their original 3 vehicles became worn out from hard use in the Western Desert and were irreparable due to shortages of spare parts, the unit was reequipped with six Ford light cars. Extra drivers and motorcycles were provided. The cars were given names: Anzac, Billzac, Osatal, Silent Sue, Imshi and Bung. These were traded in for six new Fords on 11 December 1917. In May 1917 the unit was redeployed to Palestine by rail, and served throughout the campaign there.

</doc>
<doc id="5881847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881847" title="Mark Gower">
Mark Gower

Mark Gower (born 5 October 1978) is an English footballer.
Career.
Born in Edmonton, London and moving to Romford, Gower began his career at Tottenham Hotspur where he was a member of the League Cup winning squad in the 1998–99 season. He had a spell on loan at Motherwell before joining Barnet in January 2001 for £32,500. He joined Swansea City after declining a new contract at Southend United. He has the ability to play across the midfield, and he signed for Swansea City on a free transfer.
A midfielder, he is predominantly right-footed but can play on either flank or in the middle. Gower played for England schoolboys through to the under 18 team from the age of 14.
Gower played for Southend for five seasons, scoring 39 goals in the process. He moved to Swansea City when his contract at Southend expired. Gower failed to score in his first season with Swansea.
Before the start of the 2009–10 season, Gower revealed he would be ditching his number 11 shirt, when he chose that number all the squad told him it was 'cursed' and fail to find good form. Gower now wears the number 27 shirt. Shortly after changing shirt numbers he scored four goals in two pre-season friendlies. He finally scored his first league goal for Swansea in the 2–0 win over Queens Park Rangers. Since the start of the 2010–11 season under new manager Brendan Rodgers, Mark has adapted a new role in the centre of midfield and had played with eight different players this season in that very same position: Jordi López, Andrea Orlandi, Kemy Agustien, Darren Pratley, Joe Allen, David Cotterill, Scott Donnelly and the returning Leon Britton. Gower signed a one-year extension to his contract in November 2010, the extension proved Gower was viewed as integral to Brendan Rodgers plans.
Gower scored two 25-yard goals in consecutive games against Norwich City and Hull City respectively.
Gower signed for Charlton Athletic on a free from Swansea City on 3 June 2013, after a successful loan spell towards the end of the 2012–13 Football League season.On 22 May 2014, he was released from Charlton Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="5881849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881849" title="Virgin Balloon Flights">
Virgin Balloon Flights

Virgin Balloon Flights, with headquarters in Telford, Shropshire, began flying hot air balloons in 1987 and its passengers are still flown in red and white balloons with the Virgin Group logo emblazoned on the side of the balloon.
Virgin Balloon Flights own and operate the largest passenger carrying balloon service in the United Kingdom as well as the largest balloon fleet in the UK. The company has over 100 launch sites throughout the United Kingdom (including Crowborough, Shrewsbury and Castle Fraser), employs 24 pilots who carry out the balloon flights and is affiliated to the following organisations: 
Since 1997, Virgin Balloon Flights has been the trading name for AirXcite Limited.
In 2006 it acquired a N-355 balloon manufactured by Ultramagic. This new balloon, that takes a of air and can carry a basket with up to 16 passengers, replaced a smaller Cameron 340 balloon.
Recently Virgin Balloon Flights expanded to Italy via the sister company of AirXcite, Ballooning in Tuscany, also owned by Kenneth Karlstrom. It now has 3 launch sites in Tuscany (Florence, Siena and Poggibonsi) and is looking to expand.

</doc>
<doc id="5881858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881858" title="Malaprabha River">
Malaprabha River

The Malaprabha River (Kannada ಮಲಪ್ರಭಾ ನದಿ )is a tributary of the Krishna River and flows through the state of Karnataka in India. It rises in the Western Ghats at an altitude of 792 m in the state's Belgaum district. The river joins Krishna River at Kudalasangama in Bagalkot district.
Geography.
Malaprabha originates Sahyadri mountains at an altitude of 792.4 meters at Kanakumbi village 16 km west of Jamboti village, Khanapur taluka, Belgaum District, Karnataka. At the origin of Malaprabha is an ancient temple dedicated to Shree Mauli Devi. The temple is situated in R.S. No. 127 of Kankumbi which belongs to Yuvaraj Kurtkoti's family. Malaprabha birthplace is a pilgrimage center with mythological origins. A symbol of Rock Carved hand near the source of the river Malaprabha depicts the origin of the river for the purpose of safety showered for the well being of human kind. It is a source of highly stable mineral water. Presence of discontinuities has major effects on properties of contours at source of river. Permeability is dependent on orientation of the region.
Malaprabha flows a distance of 304 km before joining river Krishna at an altitude of 488 meters at Kudala Sangama in Bagalkot district.
Tributaries.
Bennihalla, Hirehalla and Tuparihalla are the major tributaries to Malaprabha.
Reservoir.
Navilatirtha Dam (Navil in Kannada means peacock) is situated between Saundatti and Munavalli in Belgaum District. The reservoir created by the dam is called Renukasagara, it's catchment area is 11549 km³. This reservoir irrigates more than 2000 km³ of agricultural land.
Pilgrimage Centre.
There is an ancient temple of the deity Yellamma on a nearby hill. This is a pilgrimage centre for thousands of devotees. Also famous temples of Aihole, Pattadakal and Badami are Located on the banks of Malaprabha. These are listed as World Heritage sites by UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation). 

</doc>
<doc id="5881879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881879" title="Have You Ever (S Club 7 song)">
Have You Ever (S Club 7 song)

"Have You Ever" was a single released by UK pop group S Club 7 on 19 November 2001. Following the success of the 2000 "Children in Need" track, "Never Had a Dream Come True", the BBC asked S Club 7 to perform the 2001 track for the charity too. "Have You Ever" was co-written by Cathy Dennis, A. Frampton and Chris Braide. The track is the penultimate ballad S Club 7 released as a single with lead vocals coming from singer Jo. "Have You Ever" acted as an introduction to S Club 7's third album "Sunshine". The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number one on 1 December 2001, and remained on the chart for 14 weeks (seven of which were in the top 10).
Song information.
Track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Have You Ever". As "Have You Ever" was a track for Children in Need, only one CD was released, not following the usual CD1 and CD2 pattern. The Children in Need version of "Have You Ever" is listed in the "Guinness Book of World Records" as having the highest number of people's voices recorded in a single song; as recordings from children in schools across the UK were used in the chorus.
The song has sold 380,000 copies in the UK according to the Official UK Charts Company.
Music video.
The music video was set inside a large house (which is actually the famous Ennis House in Hollywood Hills), showing each member briefly as they indulge in everyday activities, while Jo is the main focus of the video. Jo revealed that to film the shot of her crying, they used droplets of water on her cheek, and sped the track up to film it, so when it was mastered it would give the illusion of a real tear. Another interesting note about the video is that it was the last video Paul shot for the group as "You", the following single, was intended to be the next release and thus had been recorded previously. The video was shot at the last minute, the day before the band returned to the UK after filming "Hollywood 7" as the song was chosen for the Children in Need song.
CD single cover.
The photo for the cover of the single was shot in another major architectural landmark of the Los Angeles area - the Sheats Goldstein Residence near Beverly Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="5881881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881881" title="Coronation Street home video releases">
Coronation Street home video releases

Many selected episodes, specially produced episodes, and feature length spin-offs of the British television soap opera "Coronation Street" have been released on video and DVD.
1980s.
The Magic of Coronation Street.
In 1982, a VHS video entitled" "The Magic of Coronation Street - Distant Memories 1960 -1964" was released by Granada Video. Its running time was 172 minutes and it featured six episodes of the programme,together with specially shot sequences featuring Annie Walker, Elsie Tanner and Len Fairclough. Later, "The Magic of Coronation Street" was released as two separate packages, each containing three episodes, by Vestron Video".
Episodes featured:
"Part one:" Episode 1 (9 December 1960); Gas Main Leak (9 February 1961); Christmas Day 1961
"Part two:" Elsie discovers that Bill Gregory is married (11 July 1962); "This is Your Life" (12 December 1962); Cinderella (23 December 1964)
The Jubilee Years.
In 1985, to celebrate the serial's 25th anniversary, two video tapes were released (again on Vestron Video), entitled "The Jubilee Years - Part One" and "The Jubilee Years - Part Two". These featured a previously unseen character Alice Hughes revisiting the Street to recall characters like Ena and Elsie and catch up on 'current happenings' with Ken and Deirdre Barlow, Betty Turpin and Hilda Ogden.
The Life and Loves of Elsie Tanner.
In 1987 "The Life and Loves of Elsie Tanner" was released, with the characters of Mike Baldwin, Emily Bishop and Elsie's daughter, Linda, recalling Elsie's time on the Street. In this production it is hinted that Elsie has died, an event not referred to in the series proper until 2011, when her son Dennis Tanner said she and her husband Bill Gregory died in 2004 after a car crash in Portugal (Emily tells Linda that she was "sorry to hear about her mother"). Pat Phoenix, who played Elsie, had died the previous year. So many may imply that this one off special is not at all a part of the series canon.
1990s.
30th anniversary set.
In 1990, as a celebration for the serial's 30th anniversary, ten video tapes were released by Windsong Video Productions, each featuring four episodes from a specific year and introduced by someone who was close to the stories that year (for example, Betty Turpin's husband Cyril died in 1974, therefore Betty Driver hosted the 1974 tape). These tapes were initially distributed by Granada Video for viewing in the UK only, but were reissued on NTSC tape (a year later) for viewing in the US and Canada.
The Cruise.
In 1995, "Coronation Street - The Cruise" was released on VHS to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the show. "The Cruise" was the first straight-to-video tape, released in 1995 and featured a storyline aboard the QE2. The spin-off proved controversial as only a few months after it was released on video, it was shown on ITV on Sunday March 24, 1996, provoking many complaints. Subsequent releases have included carefully worded statements concerning future television broadcasting.
Viva Las Vegas.
A United States-set special, "" follows Jack and Vera and other characters to America. It was released on VHS in 1999 and screened on ITV the following year. Written by Russell T Davies, the special featured a guest cameo by actor Neville Buswell, who was then living in America, who briefly reprised his role as Ray Langton.
Time Life releases.
Many VHS tapes were made in the 1990s for the British market, from mail-order company Time-Life Distribution, with each tape consisting of a compilation of footage featuring a particular character (for example, Gail, Rita, the Duckworths). They were made only in PAL format and not distributed in the United States or Canada.
2000s.
This Is Coronation Street (2003).
In 2003, a special DVD set called "This is Coronation Street" was released on Region 1 DVD. On the two-disc set is the "40 Years on Coronation Street" one-off special as well as the first five episodes of the programme. In 2004, a "Coronation Street: Secrets" DVD box set of televised specials was released in Canada, but not in the United States, despite both being in region 1.
Out of Africa.
On 10 November 2008, a DVD titled "Coronation Street: Out of Africa" was released. The spin-off follows the Battersby-Brown family to Sun City, South Africa and features the return of Cilla Battersby-Brown. The DVD featured its own soundtrack including an ending theme; "Playboy Money" sung by Andy Chandler.
Romanian Holiday.
"Coronation Street: Romanian Holiday" was released on 26 October 2009. It stars popular couple Roy and Hayley Cropper in a comedy filmed on location in Romania. It also features Becky McDonald.
50th Anniversary DVDs.
Golden Anniversary Collection.
On 11 October 2010 a 12 disc anthology boxset was released, featuring all the pinnacle moments of life on the cobbles. The ultimate collector's box set also contains The Stars of Coronation Street - 50 Years, 50 Classic Characters and 30 landmark episodes from 1960-2010.
The Stars of Coronation Street - 50 Years, 50 Classic Characters.
On 11 October 2010 a three disc set feature Narrated by Denise Welch was released. This collection features 50 of the best characters . This DVD box set also includes: The Beginning (the first EVER episode), The First Colour Episode, and The 40th Anniversary Live Episode and Corrie Controversies.
A Knight's Tale.
On 1 November 2010, for the fiftieth anniversary, a direct-to-DVD feature length film was released: "Coronation Street: A Knight's Tale". The Medieval-themed comedy starred Norris Cole, Mary Taylor, Jason Grimshaw, and Rosie Webster. Reg Holdsworth (Ken Morley) and Curly Watts (Kevin Kennedy) reprised their roles. In addition, Brian Capron returns as Richard Hillman's cousin.
Tram Crash.
On 21 February 2011 all the episodes from "50th Anniversary", and the hour-long "Live episode" were released on DVD, as a two disc set. The DVD also included special features. which inluced: • The Making of Anniversary week,• The Filming of the tram crash,• The filming of the Live episode,• Tram Crash News Flash (dramatised ITV News),• Farewell Ashley,• Richard Arnold Blog ' What's Next For The Websters',• Ken Barlow - A Life On The Street,• 50 Years Of Corrie Stunts hosted by Craig Charles.
Network releases.
Network DVD, in association with Granada and ITV Studios, have released a series of DVD Boxsets for each decade of the programme, each featuring eight of the best episodes from each year from 1960–2009. They are all available in five box sets of 10 discs, with the 1970s available individually.
Coronation Street: The Best of 1960–1969.
The 1960s box set was released on July 31, 2006. reissued September 5 2011.
Coronation Street: The Best of 1970–1979.
The 1970s box set was released on 25 July 2005. reissued September 5 2011.
Coronation Street: The Best of 1980–1989.
The 1980s box set was released on 14 November 2005. reissued 5 September 2011.
Coronation Street: The Best of 1990–1999.
The 1990s Boxset was released on 5 September 2011 
Coronation Street: The Best of 2000–2009.
The 2000s Boxset was released on 31 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5881892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881892" title="Mass-book">
Mass-book

A mass-book is a book, used most commonly by the laity, as an aid while attending Catholic Mass (the principal Catholic church service). The massbook comprises scriptural readings, prayers, and psalms for the day's mass, sometimes also including homiletic or exegetical material.

</doc>
<doc id="5881894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881894" title="Unfit for Swine">
Unfit for Swine

Unfit For Swine is the second album released by John Schlitt, lead singer of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in July, 1996.
Track listing.
All songs written by John Schlitt, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5881897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881897" title="Virgin Limousines">
Virgin Limousines

Virgin Limousines (CA) LLC was a limousine service, mostly operated in America and Canada. It was part of Richard Branson's Virgin Group and operated for 14 years until 2010/11.
This service is now branded as Avalon and is linked to from the Virgin Limo site.

</doc>
<doc id="5881898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881898" title="Tom Bradley (British politician)">
Tom Bradley (British politician)

Thomas George Bradley (13 April 1926 – 9 September 2002) was a British politician.
Kettering-born, Bradley was educated at Kettering Central School and worked in the mines during World War II. He became a railway clerk at Oundle and was national treasurer of the clerks' union, the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association from 1961, its president from 1964 to 1977, and was its acting General Secretary for four months in 1977 after the retirement of the previous General Secretary (David MacKenzie) on health grounds. He served as a councillor on Northamptonshire County Council from 1952 and as an alderman from 1961.
Bradley contested Rutland and Stamford as a Labour candidate in 1950, 1951 and 1955, and Preston South in 1959. He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicester North East at a 1962 by-election, representing Leicester East from 1974. He served as parliamentary private secretary to the Home Secretary from 1966.
Bradley was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party in 1981.
In 1983, he stood for re-election in Leicester East but came third with 21% of the vote. This however may have had the effect of helping the Conservative candidate Peter Bruinvels beat the future Labour minister Patricia Hewitt by 933 votes. He died in Kettering aged 76.
References.
Tom Bradley joined the London, Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="5881904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881904" title="ACVR1">
ACVR1

Activin A receptor, type I (ACVR1) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "ACVR1" gene; also known as ALK-2 (activin receptor-like kinase-2).
Function.
Activins are dimeric growth and differentiation factors which belong to the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF beta) superfamily of structurally related signaling proteins. Activins signal through a heteromeric complex of receptor serine kinases which include at least two type I ( I and IB) and two type II (II and IIB) receptors. These receptors are all transmembrane proteins, composed of a ligand-binding extracellular domain with cysteine-rich region, a transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic domain with predicted serine/threonine specificity. Type I receptors are essential for signaling; and type II receptors are required for binding ligands and for expression of type I receptors. Type I and II receptors form a stable complex after ligand binding, resulting in phosphorylation of type I receptors by type II receptors. This gene encodes activin A type I receptor which signals a particular transcriptional response in concert with activin type II receptors.
Signaling.
ACVR1 transduces signals of BMPs. BMPs bind either ACVR2A/ACVR2B or a BMPR2 and then form a complex with ACVR1. These go on to recruit the R-SMADs SMAD1, SMAD2, SMAD3 or SMAD6.
Clinical significance.
A mutation in the gene ACVR1 (= ALK2) is responsible for the fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. ACVR1 encodes activin receptor type-1, a BMP type-1 receptor. The mutation causes the ACVR1 protein to have the amino acid histidine substituted for the amino acid arginine at position 206. This causes endothelial cells to transform to mesenchymal stem cells and then to bone.
Mutations in the ACVR1 gene have been linked to cancer, especially (DIPG).

</doc>
<doc id="5881905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881905" title="KILT">
KILT

KILT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881910" title="Alan May">
Alan May

Alan Randy May (born January 14, 1965 in Barrhead, Alberta) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. He is known for being the first player from the ECHL to play in the National Hockey League
May began his NHL career when he was signed as a free agent by the Boston Bruins, although he would spend most of his time in the minors. He would later move on to the Edmonton Oilers; again, he spent most of his time in the minors. It was only after his trade to the Washington Capitals in June 1989 that he would enjoy a bigger role. During his almost five seasons with the Capitals, his gritty, hard-nosed style of play would make him a fan favorite, and would help the team reach the semifinals for the first time in 1990. May would also later play for the Dallas Stars and Calgary Flames before finishing his NHL career.
In 393 NHL games, he scored 31 goals, 45 assists, and amassed 1,333 penalty minutes.
He currently is a hockey analyst for Comcast SportsNet Washington. Alan is married to Sherayne May and they have three children: Devin, Kaylee, and Brendan.

</doc>
<doc id="5881912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881912" title="EMD G8">
EMD G8

The EMD G8 was a General Motors-built diesel-electric locomotive of which 382 were built between 1954 and 1965 for both export and domestic use. They were built by both Electro-Motive Division in the United States and by General Motors Diesel Division in Canada for use in ten countries, being equipped to operate on several different track gauges. 
Overview.
The G8 was built for use in Australia, Canada, Brazil, Cuba, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, South Korea, Liberia, and New Zealand (NZR DB class). The 1967 Israeli invasion of Sinai captured Egyptian G8 number 3256, which became Israel Railways number 251.
The G8 was also built in Australia under licence by Clyde Engineering, with Victorian Railways purchasing a total of 89 between 1955 and 1969, with later variants including a redesigned cab, carbody and radiator (the G8B) and those built after 1967 (the G18B) equipped with the newer EMD 645 engine rather than the EMD 567 which had been fitted to the earlier locomotives. They were designated as the T class.
The Broken Hill Proprietary Company Ltd also purchased two G8's, classed as DE, for service on its mine railways in the Middleback Ranges, South Australia. Both locomotives also saw service on the Proper Bay Tramway out of Port Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="5881914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881914" title="McLaren MP4/8">
McLaren MP4/8

The McLaren MP4/8 was a Formula One racing car which competed in the 1993 season. It raced in all sixteen Grands Prix, scoring five wins. The engine was a Ford HBD7 3.5 V8. The car was designed by Neil Oatley around advanced racecar technology, including a semi-automatic transmission, active suspension and traction control systems.
Engine.
Honda had supplied McLaren with engines from 1988–92, the first four years where the team had dominated the drivers' and constructors' championships. However, Honda departed F1 after 1992 due to the worldwide recession and team principal Ron Dennis was unable to get a supply of Renault engines as a replacement.
McLaren had to make do with the Ford HBD7 3.5 V8 engine, which had inferior power compared to the Renault engine found in their chief rival Williams, and even the higher spec Ford engine fitted in the Benetton that season. Because Benetton had a pre-existing contract as the Ford factory team, McLaren had to settle for a customer engine which lacked some of the technological advancements of Benetton's factory engine. McLaren did secure a supply of the higher spec Ford engines after the British Grand Prix. The customer spec Ford engine was 35 hp less than the works Ford engine in the Benetton, and 80 hp less than the Williams. During the season, McLaren improved their car and engine performance with technology from TAG Electronics.
1993 Season.
Initially, Ayrton Senna was so unconvinced by the car and the engine that he demanded a race-by-race contract at $1 million per Grand Prix, though others suggested that this was a marketing ploy between Senna and Ron Dennis to keep sponsors on edge and interested.
However, the MP4/8 was competitive enough to achieve some remarkable successes. Even though rival Alain Prost was in the superior Williams FW15C, Senna's skill enabled him to lead the championship during the first weeks of the season. The MP4/8 was known for having a considerably shorter wheelbase (length) than the FW15C and was a noticeably smaller car in length than Prost's Williams. Later in the season, the Frenchman asserted the dominance of his Williams to take the lead for good, while Senna fell off pace during the second half of the schedule and dropped to third place. While Prost clinched the championship with two races to spare, Senna went on to win the last two races. The Brazilian had five wins in total, including one of his greatest drives in the 1993 European Grand Prix, and finished second in the drivers' championship to Alain Prost, whilst McLaren finished runners up to Williams in the constructors' championship.
The car scored 84 points during the season, 73 of which came from Senna, for an average of 2.63 per start. The other drivers of the MP4/8 were Michael Andretti, a recent American CART champion, and Mika Häkkinen. While Senna took the championship battle to the last few rounds, Andretti had only a few points scoring finishes, including one podium. Some factors were outside his control; for instance he never tested a Formula 1 car in the wet and a string of collisions meant that he only completed three laps in his first three races. Andretti also never came to grips with highly technical aspects such as active suspension and traction control, two "gizmos" not found in the simpler CART. Lastly, Andretti continued to reside in the United States, commuting to F1 races and test sessions. By mutual agreement, Andretti was released from his contract after he scored his only podium for the team.
At the next round, in Estoril, the experienced test driver Mika Häkkinen went on to outqualify his triple world champion team-mate and was in a competitive position in the race, duelling with Jean Alesi's Ferrari. Häkkinen however, ran too close to the Ferrari at the 5th gear final corner, losing downforce and understeering onto the grass, and into the wall. For the remainder of the season he went on to score one podium, and another retirement from a competitive position.
MP4/8B.
During 1993 the McLaren team built a modified version of the MP4/8, dubbed the MP4/8B (and often nicknamed McLambo), to be used as a test car for the Lamborghini V12 engine. After a handshake deal between Ron Dennis and Bob Lutz of Chrysler (who at the time owned Lamborghini) at a motor show in Munich, the modified car carried the V12 engine (dubbed the Lamborghini 3512) that was also supplied at the time to the Larrousse team and had previously been used by both Lotus and Ligier with little success. Lutz explained that after four years in Formula One, Chrysler wanted to test whether the V12 had the potential to be a winner in F1. After running with lower ranked teams since its introduction to F1 in (which by Lamborghini's own admission was because they did not feel the new engine could do justice to one of the leading teams), it was decided that a top team was needed to test that potential and a set of V12 engines were supplied to McLaren for testing.
Ayrton Senna and Mika Häkkinen tested the car at both Silverstone and Estoril, with the first test taking place at Silverstone on 20 September. The modified MP4/8B took three months to re-engineer and stretch in order to fit the longer and heavier engine (the V12 was badged as Chrysler for the McLaren tests). After first driving the car Senna suggested to the engine's designer, former long-time Ferrari engineer Mauro Forghieri, that it would be better with a less brutal top end and a much fatter mid-range. Forghieri, who had enormous respect for the triple World Champion and valued his opinion, made the requested changes. While the engine lost 25 bhp at the top end, it gained 60 bhp all round, giving the V12 approximately , almost 70 bhp more than the customer Ford engines and almost on par with the most powerful engines of 1993, Renault's V10 and the V12 Ferrari. The result was reportedly making the MP4/8B more drivable and much faster than before, even faster than the race version. According to reports at the time, the combination of the MP4/8B and the Lamborghini V12 actually proved more stable and easier on tyres than the Ford powered MP4/8 race cars.
Both Senna and Häkkinen were reportedly very impressed with the car/engine combination, despite the 3512's poor reliability record since its Formula One debut and its poor reliability during the tests (the engine's best result to that point was a lucky 3rd place at the infamous 1990 Japanese Grand Prix, which would ultimately prove to be its best ever result). Häkkinen claimed that during the Silverstone test, one of the engines blew up as he was racing down the Hanger Straight. He claimed that right up to the point of detonation the engine was pushing out more and more power and actually felt much faster then the Ford. Senna fuelled rumours that the car would be raced during the 1993 season when he reportedly said during testing "It would be very interesting to race the Lamborghini in Japan". His belief was that regardless of reliability, the McLaren-Lamborghini would at least be as fast as both the Williams-Renault's and Benetton-Ford's who he was struggling to keep up with in races using the customer spec Ford V8 (ironically Senna would win in Japan using the Ford V8 and backed that up with his last ever win in Australia). Senna even allegedly rang Ron Dennis from the pits during the Estoril test (according to reports Dennis took the call in his private limo as he was in England at the time) and told him that he felt that they should seriously think about using the V12 instead of the V8.
History shows that this never happened as plans were by then already in motion for McLaren to use the Peugeot A6 V10 in . The MP4/9 Peugeot which followed was closely based on its predecessor, but was not as successful as the engines proved woefully unreliable and promised development from Peugeot never eventuated. Reports at the time said that a major reason Senna fatefully decided to leave McLaren for Williams after 1993 was his lack of faith in the Peugeot V10 and speculation continues as to whether he would have stayed had McLaren decided to race the Lamborghini in 1994. Senna correctly believed that despite the engine's success in endurance sports car racing, having won Le Mans in 1992 and 1993, it would not stand up to the rigours of Formula One where the engines were under high strain and were constantly being pushed to their limits. Ironically after a dismal 1994 season, McLaren severed ties with Peugeot and began its successful partnership with Mercedes in .

</doc>
<doc id="5881919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881919" title="Saint Edward Catholic Church, Pembroke Pines">
Saint Edward Catholic Church, Pembroke Pines

Saint Edward Catholic Church in Pembroke Pines, Florida, was established in 1995 and constructed in 1999. Part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami, this charismatic parish is located in western Broward County. Located on 190th Avenue, the parish is closest religious institution to US 27 within the county. It was the first church ever built west of Interstate 75 in Broward County and in the City of Pembroke Pines.
History.
The first mass under the parish name took place on 26 February 1995 in the home of a parishioner. Additional locations would include a movie theatre and Chapel Trail Elementary School while the community grew and funding allowed for the development of a permanent facility. By 1996, St. Edward had six hundred registered families when construction on a permanent building was started. By the time the church's three million dollar Parish Center had been completed in October 1999, this number had grown to approximately eleven hundred.
Dedicated on 22 January 2000, the Parish Center provided parish offices and a multi-functioning building with an adoration chapel, CCD classrooms for over two thousand students yearly and a church with seating for approximately one thousand people. The building featured a completely new design within the Archdiocese of Miami. Presiding at the dedication of the facility were retired Archdiocese of Miami Archbishop Edward McCarthy and then current Archbishop John C. Favalora. The pastor of the church was elevated to the title of Monsignor during the ceremony.
The closest religious institution to US 27 within the county, it was the first church ever built west of Interstate 75 in Broward County and in western Pembroke Pines.
Early the morning of 12 March 2001, a lone assailant attempted to break into the Parish Center through hurricane glass windows with the intent of burning the building down. Arrested and charged with arson, over $10,000 of damage was incurred in office areas of the complex.
By the beginning of 2005, the church community had grown to over three thousand registered families. The multicultural parish has members representing over seventy-two different nationalities. The church was estimated to have four thousand registered families in early 2006. With the opening of the first building at neighboring Blessed John XXIII Catholic Church in nearby western Miramar in 2010, the parish's population has reportedly stabilized somewhere near three thousand registered families.
Clergy.
The following individuals have led Saint Edward Catholic Church since its creation:

</doc>
<doc id="5881929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881929" title="Robert Leslie Ellis">
Robert Leslie Ellis

Robert Leslie Ellis (25 August 1817 – 12 May 1859) was an English polymath, remembered principally as a mathematician and editor of the works of Francis Bacon. 
Ellis was the youngest of six children of Francis Ellis (1772–1842) of Bath. Educated privately, he entered Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1836, graduating as Senior Wrangler in 1840 and elected Fellow of Trinity shortly afterwards. Although he had also entered the Inner Temple in 1838, was called to the bar in 1840, and later helped William Whewell with jurisprudence, Ellis never practised law. He hoped unsuccessfully for the Cambridge chair of civil law. 
Inheriting substantial Irish estates when his father died, Ellis contemplated entering Parliament as a Whig under Sir William Napier's patronage. Yet his courtship of one of Napier's daughters ended in some confusion: Ellis never married, and never stood for Parliament.
As a mathematician, Ellis founded the "Cambridge Mathematical Journal" with D. F. Gregory in 1837. His own major mathematical contributions were on functional and differential equations, and the theory of probability ('On the foundations of the theory of probabilities' (read to the Cambridge Philosophical Society on February 14, 1842; published in the fourth volume of the Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society of 1844)). Philosophically, Ellis (like George Boole and later John Venn) defended an objective rather than subjective theory of probability. He corresponded with Augustus De Morgan on the conjectured four color theorem.
Ellis took on the editing of Francis Bacon's works with two other Trinity fellows, Douglas Denon Heath and James Spedding. Dramatic deterioration of Ellis's health from 1847 left his work on the general prefaces to Bacon's philosophy unfinished. Spedding and Heath completed the "Works" in seven volumes, published 1857-1859.
Continental travel failed to restore Ellis' health. An attack of rheumatic fever at Sanremo in 1849 left him an invalid, and he returned to Cambridge, living at Anstey Hall, Trumpington, next to his friend John Grote, vicar of Trumpington. From his sickbed he kept up contact with the young Trinity mathematician William Walton, and dictated his thoughts on a wide range of topics, including etymology, bees' cells, Roman money, the principles of a projected Chinese dictionary, and Boole's "The Laws of Thought" (1854). He translated Dante, Roman law texts and Danish ballads; a gentle melancholia suffuses the lines of his own poetry which he left in manuscript. 
William Walton edited a posthumous collection of both published and unpublished writings, in "The mathematical and other writings of R. L. Ellis" (1863): this was prefaced by a biographical memoir by Harvey Goodwin. Correspondence and notebooks of Ellis are amongst the Mayor Papers and Whewell Papers at Trinity College, Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5881932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881932" title="Lævateinn">
Lævateinn

In Norse mythology, Lævateinn is a weapon mentioned in the "Poetic Edda" poem "Fjölsvinnsmál". The name "Lævateinn" does not appear in the original manuscript reading, but is an emendation from Hævateinn made by Sophus Bugge and others. The amended name "Lævateinn" is etymologically considered to be a kenning for a sword (Old Norse "damage twig").
"Fjölsvinnsmál".
The weapon is mentioned briefly in the poem "Fjölsvinnsmál":
Bellows comments that "Lægjarn" means "Lover of Ill" and, like the name "Lopt", refers to Loki.
Theories.
Viktor Rydberg theorized that the weapon referred to was the sword forged by Völundr, and is the same one as Freyr gave away to gain Gerðr. Henry Adams Bellows comments that, regarding Lævateinn, "the suggestion the reference is to the mistletoe which Baldr was killed seems hardly reasonable."
Leszek Gardeła theorized that the weapon was a magic staff, "tein", meaning 'twig', being part of the general word for magic staff "gambantein".

</doc>
<doc id="5881936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881936" title="Kizhakku Kadalkarai Salai">
Kizhakku Kadalkarai Salai

Kizhakku Kadalkarai Salai () is a Tamil film
directed by S. S. Stanley. Srikanth and Bhavana played the lead roles. The film was successful at the Box-office.
Plot.
The movie begins with an orphan Santosh (Srikanth) coming in search of a job at a petrol bunk in ECR. He manages to win the goodwill of the petrol bunk owner and gets a job there. Enters Priya (Bhavana), an arrogant college student. He throws a challenge to his friends to make Priya fall for him. Meanwhile Priya's brother Vetri (Suresh), a leading criminal lawyer in the city, comes to know of Santosh's moves and tries to thwart his plans.
Santosh had lost his family to tsunami on 26 December 2004, when they were at ECR to attend a family function. Coming to know of his past and his good ways, Priya is attracted to Santosh. Priya's brother hatches a conspiracy to prevent them from getting married. He kidnaps his sister and the blame falls on Santosh.
How Santosh overcomes all tragic events and succeeds in holding Priya's hands is the remaining part of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="5881952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881952" title="Roland Moyle">
Roland Moyle

Roland Dunstan Moyle (born 12 March 1928) is a British Labour politician.
Moyle's father, Arthur Moyle, became a Labour Member of Parliament and served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Clement Attlee. Roland Moyle was educated in Bexleyheath and Llanidloes, and at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he chaired the Labour Club in 1953. 
He became a barrister, called to the bar by Gray's Inn in 1954. He was an industrial relations consultant and worked as secretary of the National Joint Industrial Council to the Gas Industry, and National Joint Council in Gas Staffs from 1956 and the sister body in the electrical industry from 1965. He served as a councillor in the London Borough of Greenwich from 1964 and was president of Greenwich Labour Party.
Moyle was elected Member of Parliament for Lewisham North in 1966, and after boundary changes, for Lewisham East in 1974. After a spell as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, he was Minister of State for Northern Ireland from 1974 to 1976, and Minster of Health from 1976 to 1979. Privy counsellor 1978. 
In Labour's landslide general election defeat of 1983, Moyle lost his seat to the Conservative Colin Moynihan. 
Moyle then became deputy chairman police complaints authority 1985 to 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="5881954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881954" title="German submarine U-1226">
German submarine U-1226

German submarine "U-1226") was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The U-boat, built for service in the Battle of the Atlantic, was completed in Hamburg in November 1943, and placed under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" August-Wilhem Claussen, whose brother Emil had been killed on board the previous year. She underwent working up cruises in the Baltic Sea before embarking on her only operational patrol from Horten in Norway during September 1944.
Service history.
This patrol was uneventful for the first three weeks during the Atlantic crossing as she deliberately avoided the highly-effective allied countermeasures. The last contact with the boat was on 23 October 1944 reporting trouble with its Schnorchel underwater-breathing apparatus after which nothing more was heard from her. It is possible she was sunk in an unrecorded encounter with an Allied ship or aircraft, or more likely she suffered some unknown catastrophic accident which claimed the boat and all its crew.
Whatever the cause, she was given up for lost in mid-November. Her remains were claimed to have been found east of Cape Cod, Massachusetts in 1993 however, this identification is unlikely. The vessels last radio contact instructed the submarine to maintain its faulty snorkel in the upright position and return to base, giving "U-1226"s position as south of Iceland at .

</doc>
<doc id="5881961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881961" title="Koryčany">
Koryčany

Koryčany () is a town in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="5881962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881962" title="Charles Talbot">
Charles Talbot

Charles Talbot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5881963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881963" title="Mitchell Cole">
Mitchell Cole

Mitchell James Cole (6 October 1985 – 1 December 2012) was an English footballer. Cole was forced to retire from professional football in 2011 as a result of a deteriorating heart condition, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, that meant it was dangerous for him to continue playing competitive football.
Cole started his career at West Ham United, but was released in 2004. He joined Grays Athletic shortly after, and enjoyed a successful season with the club, winning the Conference South title as well as the FA Trophy. He joined Southend United in 2005, spending a year and a half at the club before signing for Stevenage Borough for an undisclosed fee in January 2007. Cole's tenure at Stevenage was a successful one, scoring in the first ever competitive final at the new Wembley Stadium as Stevenage beat Kidderminster Harriers 3–2 to lift the FA Trophy in May 2007. He also helped the club on the way to winning the FA Trophy once again in May 2009. Cole was part of the club's successful 2009–10 campaign, as Stevenage secured promotion to the Football League for the first time in the club's history.
In June 2010, Cole signed for League Two side Oxford United, playing a handful of games before retiring from professional football in February 2011. Ahead of the 2011–12 campaign, Cole played for Stotfold, playing one competitive game for the club in August 2011. Shortly after, he joined Hitchin Town of the Southern League Premier Division, but was released by the club in November 2011. He subsequently signed for Southern Football League side Biggleswade Town, before joining Arlesey Town in January 2012.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in London, Cole started his football career at Norwich City's centre of excellence, based in Potters Bar, Hertfordshire. When the centre was closed, Cole joined West Ham United's academy.
Cole was quickly snapped up by Mark Stimson, who managed Essex outfit Grays Athletic. He impressed during the 2004–05 season and helped Grays achieve promotion from the Conference South to the Conference National, scoring five goals in 35 appearances. Cole also started in the FA Trophy Final against Hucknall Town at Villa Park in the same season; a game in which Grays won on penalties. Cole's performances did not go unnoticed and he subsequently signed for Essex neighbours Southend United in July 2005 for an undisclosed fee. He made his Southend debut in the club's opening game of the 2005–06 season, starting in a 2–1 defeat against Port Vale at Roots Hall. He continued to impress under manager Steve Tilson and featured in 31 games for the club in the same season. He scored his only Southend goal in a 3–1 win over rivals Colchester United, and helped Southend achieve promotion to the Championship.
The following season, Cole became increasingly frustrated with the lack of first-team appearances at the beginning of Southend's 2006–07 Championship campaign, and was subsequently loaned out to Northampton Town for a month. Cole made his Northampton debut in a 3–1 defeat against Tranmere Rovers at Sixfields. After extending his loan deal for a further month, Cole went on to make seven more appearances for the Midlands based outfit, scoring one goal against Millwall in a 1–0 away victory. He returned to Southend in November 2006, and made three more appearances for the club before his run was curtailed by injury.
Stevenage.
Cole found it increasingly hard to break into the first-team at Southend, and subsequently joined Conference National side Stevenage Borough for a five-figure fee in January 2007. The move reunited him with Mark Stimson, who had previously managed Cole at Grays. He made his Stevenage debut as a substitute in a 1–1 draw at Stonebridge Road against Ebbsfleet United on 28 January 2007. Cole went on to make 22 more appearances during the 2006–07 season, scoring three times for the Hertfordshire side, his first goal for the club coming in a 4–4 away draw against Forest Green Rovers in April 2007. Despite narrowly missing out on the play-offs, Cole helped guide the team to FA Trophy success in May 2007. He scored Stevenage's first goal in a 3–2 win in the final over Kidderminster Harriers at Wembley Stadium in front of 53,262 spectators, a game in which Stevenage came from two goals behind to become the first team to win a competitive final at the new stadium. Cole's goal came just after half-time; collecting Steve Morison's flick-on before finishing calmly to start the comeback. The following season, Cole struggled with a persistent knee injury, but still managed to make 26 appearances. The 2008–09 season witnessed an injury-free season for Cole, who enjoyed his most fruitful season under manager Graham Westley, scoring fourteen times from midfield, including the first competitive hat-trick of his career in a 4–2 win away at Salisbury City. In April 2009, Cole pledged his future to Stevenage by signing a two-year contract extension at Broadhall Way.
During the 2009–10 season, Cole was less prolific in front of goal throughout the first half of the season, scoring his first goal of the season in a 2–0 victory over Kidderminster Harriers in December 2009. He also showed his versatility when he was forced to play two games at left-back as opposed to his usual left wing position in January 2010. He scored his second professional hat-trick for Stevenage the following month, in a 6–0 win away at Eastbourne Borough, coming on as a substitute in the 71st minute and scoring his three goals in seven minutes. Although Cole struggled for fitness for parts of the season, he still featured in 42 games, scoring four goals – and was an integral part of the squad as Stevenage won promotion to the Football League for the first time in the club's history. During his successful three-and-a-half-year spell with the club, Cole made 146 appearances in all competitions, scoring 23 times.
Oxford United.
In June 2010, Cole joined newly promoted League Two team Oxford United on a two-year contract. He made his Oxford debut in the club's 2–1 home defeat against Bury on 14 August 2010, coming on as an 81st minute substitute. Cole started his first game for Oxford ten days later, playing 45 minutes in the club's 1–0 League Cup defeat to West Ham. Cole played a total of six games for Oxford in all competitions, with his last appearance coming in a 3–2 defeat to Macclesfield Town on 16 October 2010.
Retirement.
In February 2011, Cole's career ended prematurely when Oxford United announced that he had been forced to retire due to a serious heart condition. His condition is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, an irregular thickness of the heart in certain areas. During his time at West Ham, at the age of 17, Cole discovered he had a heart condition, but continued to play as his condition gradually improved. However, in November 2010, Cole began to suffer from shortness of breath during training and matches, and was subsequently advised by a leading cardiologist to stop playing competitive football to avoid the risk of a serious heart episode. On retiring, Cole said "It's like being hit by a ton of bricks because football is all I've ever known. I've managed to get eight years out of the professional game which I am extremely happy with".
Return to semi-professional football.
Ahead of the 2011–12 season, Cole played in a number of pre-season friendlies for Stotfold of the Spartan South Midlands League. He played in the club's first competitive game of the season, a 2–0 home win over Oxhey Jets. Two days later, on 15 August 2011, Cole joined Hitchin Town on non-contract terms, who play in the Southern League Premier Division. He made his debut for the club on the same day, playing 65 minutes in Hitchin's 3–0 home victory against Hemel Hempstead Town. Due to the fact that Cole signed for Hitchin on a non-contract basis, he played in Stotfold's 2–1 home win against St. Margaretsbury the following day. Cole scored his first goal for Hitchin in a 3–1 away victory over Bedford Town on 29 August, beating goalkeeper Ian Brown at the second time of asking. He was released by Hitchin on 17 November 2011. Cole made 14 appearances for the club, scoring once.
Shortly after leaving Hitchin Town, Cole joined Biggleswade Town, who play in the Division One Central of the Southern League. He made his debut for the club on 19 November, coming on as a substitute in a 1–1 home draw with Slough Town. He went on to make six appearances for Biggleswade, scoring one goal, before joining Arlesey Town in January 2012.
International career.
Cole was called up to the England C team, who represent England at non-League level, at the age of 17, in February 2005, for a friendly against Holland. He was then chosen to represent his country for the Four Nations Tournament hosted in Scotland in May 2007. He scored a hat-trick in a 5–0 win in the opening fixture against a Republic of Ireland XI, and ended as the tournament's top scorer after scoring his fourth goal a 3–0 win against Wales. He continued his fine form for the England C side, scoring the only goal in a 1–0 victory over Finland C in June 2007. He added to his tally when he scored the winning goal in both games against Wales XI and Gibraltar in 2008. Cole was subsequently called up for the England C tour of the Caribbean in June 2008, in which Cole played both games against Grenada and Barbados respectively. In the 2008–09 season, Cole played in the 6–2 defeat to Bosnia and Herzegovina A team. He also made further appearances against Italy C and Malta in the same season. Cole's seven goals in 14 appearances makes him the non-League national side's second-highest goalscorer of all-time.
Personal life.
Cole had three children with his wife, Charly, who is the sister of fellow professional footballer and England international Joe Cole. Charly gave birth to their third child, daughter Leni, on 7 December 2012, just six days after Cole's death.
Death.
Cole died on 1 December 2012, aged 27.
Tributes were widely paid to Cole following his death. Cole's first club, Grays Athletic, released a statement — "He is best remembered for his rampaging runs down the left wing, and for scoring some spectacular goals". Stevenage chairman Phil Wallace also paid tribute — "It's such a sad, tragic loss of a young life. Mitch was a key figure for us in the seasons that saw us enjoy a lot of success. We all knew of his condition but it's simply devastating that a young family with such spirit is taken from us so suddenly". Former England C manager Paul Fairclough, who once stated Cole had "the potential to be the new Ryan Giggs", said he was "shattered" by the news of Cole's death. In an emotional tribute, Fairclough went on to say — "Off the pitch Mitch was fun to be around. He had an amazing outlook on life with a wicked sense of humour. He was admired and respected by people of all ages. He had time for everyone; from the tiny tots to senior football people. He was uncomplicated, extremely approachable and would chat with all types. I cannot believe this bright eyed young man has been taken from us".
Grays Athletic held a minute's silence ahead of their game against Ware on the same day, while Oxford United players wore black armbands during their 3–3 draw with Accrington Stanley. Without a first-team match on the day of Cole's death, Stevenage fans paid tribute to Cole by applauding on the 21st minute, the number he wore during his time at the club, during the club's 2–1 FA Youth Cup win over Wigan Athletic. The following day, AFC Wimbledon players wore armbands with 'Mitch' written on them, during their televised FA Cup tie against Milton Keynes Dons. Wimbledon striker Jack Midson dedicated his goal to Cole — "The goal meant a lot to me because my friend Mitchell Cole died". Ahead of Oxford United's first home match since Cole's death, against Aldershot Town on 8 December 2012, Oxford United players warmed up in commemorative T-shirts reading "Team Mates Forever – Cole 17". There was also a minute's applause in tribute to Cole before the match. Norwich City striker Steve Morison paid tribute to Cole after scoring in the club's League Cup quarter-final tie against Aston Villa on 11 December, lifting up his shirt in celebration to reveal a T-shirt — "RIP Mitchell Cole". The pair had played together, and formed a successful partnership, during their time at Stevenage. Stevenage paid a host of tributes to Cole during their first home match since his death, a game against Crawley Town on 15 December, with all Stevenage players and staff wearing white T-shirts with "Cole – 21" on the back prior to the match. A minute's silence was held before kick-off, and both sets of supporters clapped during the 21st minute of the match. The following day, Cole was remembered, along with a number of sportspeople who died in 2012, during the 2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award ceremony.
Stevenage chairman Phil Wallace announced that the club had planned a benefit match for Cole, to be played at Broadhall Way in May 2013. The club later announced that the match would take place on Tuesday 7 May 2013 at Broadhall Way. The match was between a Mitchell Cole XI and a Stevenage XI, with two of Cole's former managers Mark Stimson and Graham Westley managing the two teams. A crowd of over 2,300 turned out to watch the Cole XI side win 7–4. Among those playing in the match were brother-in-law Joe Cole, as well as James Collins, Andy Carroll, Gary Hooper, Matt Jarvis and Kevin Nolan. Both teams were also made up of many of Cole's former team-mates from a number of his previous clubs. Proceeds from the match were split between the Cole family and its chosen charity, The Cardiomyopathy Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5881967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881967" title="Robert L. Thorndike">
Robert L. Thorndike

Robert L. Thorndike (1910–1990) was a psychometrician and educational psychologist who made significant contributions to the analysis of reliability, the interpretation of error, cognitive pen pene
of students in various countries. Like his father, Edward Thorndike, he conducted research in both animal and human psychology. With Irving Lorge, Thorndike published a standardized test in 1954 which later became, with the collaboration of Elizabeth Hagen, the widely used Cognitive Abilities Test.
He was one of the first to write about cluster analysis.
Thorndike was a professor at Teachers College, Columbia University from 1936 to 1976. He received his B.A. (Mathematics) from Wesleyan University in 1931, and his M.A. and Ph.D. (both in Psychology) from Columbia University in 1932 and 1935, respectively. He was president of the American Educational Research Association and the Psychometric Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5881986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881986" title="Windows Vista startup process">
Windows Vista startup process

The startup process of Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows 8, Windows Server 2012, Windows 8.1 and Windows Server 2012 R2 is different from previous versions of Windows. (In this article, unless otherwise specified, "Windows Vista" refers to any of these operating systems.)
For Windows Vista, the boot sector loads the Windows Boot Manager (hidden system file BOOTMGR in the System Reserved Volume), accesses the Boot Configuration Data store and uses the information to load the operating system.
Boot Configuration Data.
Boot Configuration Data (BCD) is a firmware-independent database for boot-time configuration data. It is used by Microsoft's new Windows Boot Manager and replaces the boot.ini that was used by NTLDR.
Boot Configuration Data are stored in a data file that has the same format as the Windows Registry hives and is eventually loaded at registry key [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\BCD00000]. The file is located either on the EFI System Partition (on machines that use Extensible Firmware Interface firmware) or in \Boot\Bcd on the system volume (on machines that use IBM PC compatible firmware).
Boot Configuration Data may be altered using a command-line tool (bcdedit.exe), using Registry Editor (regedit.exe), using Windows Management Instrumentation, or with third-party tools such as EasyBCD, BOOTICE. or Visual BCD Editor.
Boot Configuration Data contain the menu entries that are presented by the Windows Boot Manager, just as boot.ini contained the menu entries that were presented by NTLDR. These menu entries can include:
Boot Configuration Data allows for third-party integration, so anyone can implement tools like diagnostics or recovery options.
winload.exe.
The Windows Boot Manager invokes winload.exe—the operating system boot loader—to load the operating system kernel (ntoskrnl.exe) and (boot-class) device drivers. In that respect, winload.exe is functionally equivalent to the operating system loader function of NTLDR in prior versions of Windows NT.

</doc>
<doc id="5881988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881988" title="Neil Rogers">
Neil Rogers

Neil Rogers (November 5, 1942December 24, 2010) was an American talk radio personality. Until his retirement on June 22, 2009, "The Neil Rogers Show" aired weekdays from 10am-2pm on 560 WQAM. It was consistently the top rated show in the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale media market and had been since his Miami debut in 1976. Although he was not syndicated nationally or even regionally, "Talkers" magazine, the trade publication of talk radio, ranked Rogers at Number 15 on its 2006 list of the 100 most important personalities in the business. Rogers died at the age of 68 at the Vitas Hospice at Florida Medical Center in Broward County, Florida.
Career.
Rogers was born Nelson Roger Behelfer in Rochester, New York. Growing up there, he amused himself by announcing his own play-by-play while watching baseball on television. Years later he would do play-by-play for Miami Hurricanes baseball. In 1966 Rogers broadcast high school basketball in Marshall, Michigan at WMRR. His first job in radio was as a music disc jockey at a small station, WCGR, in Canandaigua, New York. He studied broadcasting at Michigan State University, but left shortly before he would have graduated to pursue his radio career. While in Michigan, Rogers broadcast football and basketball games for Albion College.
Over the next decade, Rogers worked at several stations in several states, including New York, Michigan, and Florida. In 1968, Rogers was program director for WTPS, which had a Hot 100 format serving Kalamazoo, Michigan. Later he ended up at WJNO AM in West Palm Beach starting in 1975, moving from WSPB 1450 AM in Sarasota where he started in Florida in 1973. Rogers subsequently lost his job in West Palm Beach and was headed to Yuma, Arizona when he called his mother from the road and learned that Miami-Ft. Lauderdale's WKAT (AM 1360) had offered him a job without application or audition. Rogers turned his car around and headed for Miami, debuting on WKAT on March 1, 1976. Rogers worked the 3 PM - 6 PM at WKAT for $225 a week. By the end of 1976, he was one of the top-rated radio personalities in the market. Also while at WKAT, Neil owned a health food store in the San Souci area.
Nine months later, when singer Anita Bryant began a crusade to repeal Dade County's ordinance banning discrimination against homosexuals, Rogers responded by announcing on the air that he was homosexual on December 17, 1976. Although Bryant's campaign to repeal the ordinance was successful, Rogers' admission did nothing to hurt his radio career; indeed, his ratings steadily increased with every Arbitron period. Richard Casper hired Rogers away from WKAT in April 1978 to work at WNWS.
Starting on October 31, 1980, Neil Rogers did the 7-10 PM shift for WLAC in Nashville. He referred to the segment of his show with live calls as "Dialing for Neanderthals". He left WLAC after just one month. Neil accepted a job at WWDB in Philadelphia and had sent his furniture up there before Dick Casper convinced Rogers into coming back to WNWS.
Rogers returned to Miami radio on December 1, 1980, on WNWS 790 AM. By that time Rogers was unrivaled as the highest-rated talk-show host in Miami, dominating both the 18-24 and 25-54 demographics (the most coveted age ranges in the business). His style — unabashed liberal, scatological, and funny but acutely mean when dealing with callers (especially elderly callers), a schtick that may best be described as caustically comic—was firmly established, making Rogers something of an icon in the market.
Rogers moved to Miami's WINZ on March 1, 1984. While doing mid-days on WINZ, his "Hallandale Vice" routine set the market and WINZ on fire. After years of agitating for an earlier time slot, WINZ's owner, Guy Gannett Publishing, moved him to mornings on co-owned WZTA (Zeta-4) on October 12, 1987. Although ratings in the morning were immediate, Roger's long simmering battle with station management boiled over, culminating with him moving to WIOD on November 7, 1988. From WIOD he was simulcast in the Tampa Bay market on WSUN from June 22, 1992 to 1994. Rogers' last show on WIOD was on May 21, 1997. His last relocation was to 560 WQAM on December 30, 1997. Regardless of his station, he was consistently the top rated personality in the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale market, prompting one Miami radio executive to call him "the most consistent performer among men 25-54 that this market has ever seen."
In June 1998, WAMI-TV ran "Neil at Night", which was a 30 minute television show of the Neil Roger Show. "Neil at Night" aired twice a night at 8:30 PM and 10:30 PM. "Neil at Night" was cancelled in January 1999. Earlier in his career, Neil had a short lived television show on "Channel 51" WKID-TV that lasted a just a few episodes.
Rogers also has a devoted audience in Europe and around the world who listen via the Internet.
He has been targeted from time to time by local activists who find him offensive; one, Jack Thompson, a former Miami attorney, unsuccessfully sued Rogers and his employers to remove him from the air. In 1989, the Hallandale City Commission voted to censure Neil Rogers for "offensive comments" that he had made about the elderly. Rogers had survived all such attacks, and indeed, many of them have increased his popularity.
It was announced on April 14, 2008, that Rogers had agreed to a new 5-year contract on WQAM, which would have kept "Uncle Neil", as he was called by his fans, firmly on the air until 2013.
On the May 13, 2009, show it was announced but not confirmed that Rogers' longtime show producer and fill in host Jorge Rodriguez was being fired by WQAM in a cost-cutting measure. Rogers' contract includes the ability for him to choose his producer and no resolution was found by the end of the program even after Rogers called his agent on the air. Rodriguez's future with the show has been the topic of interest in the South Florida media including the Sun-Sentinel newspaper. Rodriguez's firing was confirmed by Rogers at the start of the May 14, 2009 program.
Rodriguez' firing drew great response from Rogers' fans. Rodriguez later began "The Jorge Rodriguez Show" on SoFloRadio.com
Rodriguez was replaced by WQAM Deputy Program Director Lee "Flee" Feldman. Feldman stated that he is working on the Neil Rogers show without any increase in his salary.
It was announced on June 22, 2009, that Rogers and Beasley Broadcast Miami reached an agreement where Rogers will no longer be featured on air at WQAM, but would consult for the station under a new agreement. Rogers' last show was on Friday June 12, 2009. Neil Rogers had retired from on-air radio.
Rogers, at age 68, had been suffering from several health ailments in the last months of his life. His friend and attorney Norm Kent says the radio host suffered a stroke and heart attack in October and his condition had been declining since Thanksgiving. He died on December 24, 2010 at the age of 68.
In a "Miami SunPost" column eulogizing Rogers, Charles Branham-Bailey described his personality:

</doc>
<doc id="5881989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881989" title="Somatostatin receptor">
Somatostatin receptor

There are five known somatostatin receptors:
All are G protein-coupled seven transmembrane receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="5881993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881993" title="Potomac Athletic Club RFC">
Potomac Athletic Club RFC

The Potomac Athletic Club Rugby Team (PAC Rugby) of Washington, D.C. is one of the top ranked rugby union clubs in North America. PAC is one of the founding members of the SuperLeague. A perennial in the national club championship playoffs, and former national champions; PAC has established itself as a premier club in the United States and one of the most successful teams in the nation, with players frequently selected to play for national, and regional representative sides. 
In addition to multiple sides of senior men's rugby the club also has a sizable youth program co-ed youth tag rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="5881995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881995" title="Luke Guttridge">
Luke Guttridge

Luke Horace Guttridge (born 27 March 1982) is an English footballer who plays for Luton Town as a midfielder, having previously played for Torquay United, Cambridge United, Southend United, Leyton Orient, Colchester United, Northampton Town and Aldershot Town. He has amassed more than 350 appearances in the Football League.
Career.
Torquay United.
Guttridge, a midfielder, began his career as a trainee with Torquay United after playing junior football for Paignton Pilgrims. He made his league debut whilst still a trainee as a late substitute, replacing Alex Watson in the 4–0 win against Mansfield Town on 10 April 2000. In May 2000, against the advice for a longer contract offer given by youth coaches Paul Compton and Richard Hancox, Guttridge was only offered a three-month professional contract by Torquay manager Wes Saunders, even though Cambridge United had offered him a one-year deal and the chance to play second division football.
Cambridge United.
Unsurprisingly, Guttridge left for Cambridge, managed by Roy McFarland, on a free transfer. He had to wait until the following spring for his Cambridge league debut, after playing twice in the Football League Trophy, but when it came he scored within two minutes in a vital 2–0 home win against Oldham Athletic. In August 2001, McFarland, by now manager of Torquay, made a bid to bring Guttridge back to Plainmoor, but this was rejected and he remained at the Abbey Stadium. He became one of Cambridge's main performers to the extent that he was appointed captain of the side and a move to Premier League club Charlton Athletic was in the pipeline, although in the end nothing materialised.
Southend United.
Guttridge joined Southend United in March 2005 and, after a slow start, firmly established himself as a mainstay in the side. A chance move to the centre of midfield from his usual wide berth (following a meeting with boss Steve Tilson) proved to be a turning point and Guttridge was a major factor in the Blues 2005/06 League One title winning side alongside Kevin Maher.
Leyton Orient.
However, he lost his place in the Southend first team after their promotion and on 23 November 2006 was allowed to join Leyton Orient on loan, scoring his first and what turned out to be only goal for the club against Nottingham Forest. He returned in January 2007. On 30 January 2007, he left Southend to sign a permanent contract at Leyton Orient initially until the end of the 2006–07 season. After rejecting a contract offer from Leyton Orient, he left the club in May 2007.
Colchester United.
Two months later Guttridge signed for Championship side Colchester United. After only playing 14 league games in the season he was released.
Northampton Town.
Guttridge impressed during a trial period at Northampton Town, and on 4 August 2008 after two commanding performances in pre-season friendlies, he signed a contract with the Cobblers which will keep him at the club until at least the summer of 2010. His first goal for the club came as part of a 4–0 win over Stockport County on 21 March 2009. He was released by the club on 12 May 2010 along with five other players.
Aldershot Town.
In July 2010, Guttridge joined Aldershot Town after signing a 2-year contract. He was voted Supporters Player of the Season after an impressive first year with the Shots. Having made 80 appearances for Aldershot in all competitions, scoring 14 goals, Guttridge was released in January 2012 after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
Return to Northampton.
He rejoined Northampton Town on 27 January 18-months after being released by former manager Ian Sampson, and signed a contract until the end of the 2012–13 season. "Luke is a very experienced player and is just the sort of character we need," said Northampton manager Aidy Boothroyd.
Luton Town.
Guttridge signed for Conference Premier side Luton Town on a two-year contract on 5 July 2013. He was played in an advanced creative midfielder role for much of the 2013–14 season, scoring 13 goals and assisting 9 others in 32 league games, helping Luton to win the Conference Premier title. Guttridge's performances led his teammates to name him as the Players' Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="5881999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5881999" title="San Francisco SPCA">
San Francisco SPCA

The San Francisco SPCA (a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) is an animal shelter, a spay/neuter clinic, and a full-service public animal hospital located in San Francisco.
History.
The SFSPCA was founded on April 18, 1868 by a banker named James Sloan Hutchinson. He intervened in the inhumane behavior of two men who were dragging a squealing boar off to market along the street's rough cobblestones. The incident moved Hutchinson to call together a group of fellow humanitarians to found The San Francisco SPCA. The SFSPCA is now the oldest U.S. animal welfare organization in the West.
After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, the SFSPCA built horse troughs throughout the City to provide water for horses employed in rescue and rebuilding efforts. Plaques memorializing the troughs remain in place as of 2006.
Relation with San Francisco Animal Care & Control.
In 1989, the SFSPCA ended its 100-year-old contract to provide animal control services to the city of San Francisco. The San Francisco Animal Care & Control Department (SFACC) was created as a governmental agency. The SFSPCA was then able to focus its resources on pioneering programs for homeless dogs and cats. In 1994, SPCA and SFACC were able to provide the "adoptable guarantee". The SFSPCA pledged to take as many cats and dogs from SFACC as possible to find them a new home, no matter how long it took.
No-kill.
The pact between The SFSPCA and San Francisco Animal Care and Control enabled animal advocates to implement a model that made San Francisco the first "no-kill city" in the United States. The SFSPCA will keep any cat or dog under its roof until a home is found for it. The only time an animal will be euthanized is if it is determined to be suffering medically or behaviorally.
The model includes a set of tactics that, in combination, reduce the number of animals entering the shelter system and place most shelter animals in permanent homes. Some of these tactics are mobile adoption outreach units, aggressive early spay-neuter programs, medical treatment for treatable shelter animals, behavioral training in the shelter, training classes for the public, and structured adoption screening and matching. 
In 1998, the San Francisco SPCA opened Maddie's Pet Adoption Center, a facility that houses dogs and cats in condominium-style rooms featuring accoutrements such as television sets, cat trees, toys, and live aquariums. The facility is named for the pet Miniature Schnauzer of PeopleSoft founder Dave Duffield, who concentrates his philanthropy in the animal welfare world via the private foundation Maddie's Fund. The adoption center is located at 250 Florida Street in San Francisco, and is open Tuesday – Friday from 1:00 pm to 7:00 pm, and Saturday and Sunday from 10:00 am to 6:00 pm. Dogs and cats are available for adoption.
Current programs and services.
In January, 2009, the San Francisco SPCA opened The Leanne B. Roberts Animal Care Center, which now houses The SFSPCA’s veterinary services. It includes their nonprofit, full-service Veterinary Hospital, Spay/Neuter Clinic, Feral Fix Program and Shelter Medicine Program and Foster Care Program. 
The Leanne Roberts Center is being funded entirely by private donors.
The hospital is located at 201 Alabama Street in San Francisco, and offers free client parking. The hospital is open 7 days a week from 8 am to 6 pm, offering full service appointments and emergency services.
Controversies.
The SF SPCA has been involved in several controversial issues in recent years. Some critics argue that the Society's "trap-neuter-release" approach to feral cat management can cause damage to bird life. Others oppose the organization's stance in favor of off-leash recreation for dogs in federal park lands in the San Francisco Bay Area. These groups claim that off-leash dogs disturb wildlife and are unsafe for children.

</doc>
<doc id="5882000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882000" title="WIMA">
WIMA

WIMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5882003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882003" title="Oskar Baum">
Oskar Baum

Oskar Baum (January 21, 1883, Pilsen - March 20, 1941, Prague) was a Czech music educator and writer.
He became blind at the age of 11.

</doc>
<doc id="5882010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882010" title="Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36">
Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36

Launch Complex 36 (LC-36), known as Space Launch Complex 36 (SLC-36) from 1997 to 2010, is a launch complex at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Brevard County, Florida. Now operated under license by Space Florida, it was used for Atlas launches from 1962 until 2005. The complex consisted of two pads, SLC-36A and -36B, and was the launch site for the Pioneer, Surveyor, and Mariner probes. There were 69 and 76 launches from pads 36A and 36B, respectively. The Atlas rockets launched from Complex 36 were replaced by the Atlas V launches from Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral.
In March 2010, the USAF 45th Space Wing issued Real Property Licenses to Space Florida for Space Launch Complexes 36 and 46 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
Demolition.
The umbilical towers of both pads were demolished during the autumn of 2006. The mobile service towers were both demolished in controlled explosions on June 16, 2007. Tower B was demolished at 13:59 GMT (09:59 EDT) and tower A followed twelve minutes later at 14:11 (10:11 EDT).

</doc>
<doc id="5882014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882014" title="Ceres Division">
Ceres Division

Ceres Division is a unit of the Royal Naval Reserve (RNR) based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is currently a satellite division of HMS "Calliope", located in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Serving Yorkshire, and parts of Lancashire, Ceres trains up to 75 reservists, sharing a building (Carr Lodge) with the Yorkshire University Royal Naval Unit.
Ceres Division provides ratings for the Warfare Seaman, Communications and Information Systems, Diving and Logistics (Supply Chain) specializations, as well as training for junior officers.
Location.
Situated in Leeds city centre, Ceres Division resides within Carlton Barracks, which also houses several Army Reserve units, Royal Marines Reserve Tyne (Leeds) and the University Officer Training Corps. Carlton Barracks is within walking distance of Leeds railway station and city bus routes and is situated just off the M621, near Leeds Arena.
History.
HMS "Ceres" was an RNR training unit in Yeadon, which closed in 1994 following restructuring and the disbanding of the 10th Mine Countermeasures Squadron (MCM10).
In 1999 the decision was made to re-establish an RNR presence in West Yorkshire. Establishing a tender unit minimised cost and provided an extant administrative structure to support the development. 
Named Calder Division, the unit established a temporary presence in Batley to train communications ratings, although the temporary nature of the accommodation and limited equipment led to recruitment and retention difficulties. Alternative accommodation was found at Carlton Barracks, Leeds.
The new facility underwent refurbishment providing changing rooms, toilets, showers, offices, classrooms and conference facilities. The Ministry of Defence computer network, Defence Information Infrastructure, was installed to provide IT support. A single bar is available, with all personnel sharing the facility in contrast to the Royal Navy tradition of separate mess facilities for Officers, Senior and Junior ratings.
The unit was renamed after HMS "Ceres" and retains the ship's bell. 
Ceres Division was officially opened by Rear Admiral Kenneth Borley, Flag Officer Training and Recruitment, on 14 May 2005 with a guard paraded by its then-parent unit, HMS "Sherwood", and music by Royal Marines Band Clyde.
In March 2011, the Yorkshire University Royal Naval Unit moved from Hull to Leeds and shares Carr Lodge with Ceres Division.
Affiliations.
The unit was affiliated to HMS "Ark Royal" before she was decommissioned in March 2011 and remains affiliated to the Royal Navy Historic Flight, which flies Fairey Swordfish Mk.I W5856, "City Of Leeds".

</doc>
<doc id="5882016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882016" title="Christopher Price (politician)">
Christopher Price (politician)

Christopher Price (born 26 January 1932) is a former Labour politician in the United Kingdom.
Price was educated at Leeds Grammar School and The Queen's College, Oxford where he was secretary of the Labour Club in 1953. He initially pursued a teaching career and by 1962 was Senior Classics Master at Ecclesfield Grammar School when he was elected as a councillor to the Sheffield City Council. He became deputy chairman of the education committee from 1963 (Albert Ballard was the chairman) and was instrumental in Sheffield's decision, fully implemented by 1969, in favour of comprehensive education.
Price contested Shipley in 1964. He was Member of Parliament for Birmingham Perry Barr from 1966 to 1970, and for Lewisham West from 1974 to 1983, when he lost to the Conservative John Maples. In the House of Commons he served as Chairman of the Education Select Committee. Price was also a Member of the European Parliament from 1977 to 1978.
After leaving parliament, Price was Director of Leeds Polytechnic - later becoming Vice-Chancellor of the polytechnic's successor body, Leeds Metropolitan University. He is a founder member of the British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles.

</doc>
<doc id="5882017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882017" title="Maison Gabrielle-Roy">
Maison Gabrielle-Roy

La Maison Gabrielle Roy or The House of Gabrielle Roy is a museum in the former home of writer Gabrielle Roy. The house is located in Saint Boniface (now part of Winnipeg), Manitoba, Canada. The objective of the museum is to disseminate the works of Roy and to preserve a piece of heritage for Canadian history.
From 1909 to 1937, Roy lived in the heart of Saint Boniface. The house was restored and opened to the public in 2003. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2008.
The Museum is open year round and offers services in English or French.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5882031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882031" title="Cyathea ferruginea">
Cyathea ferruginea

Cyathea ferruginea is a species of tree fern endemic to the Philippines.
It is native to the islands of Negros, Palawan and Balabac. It grows in mossy forest up to an altitude of about . 
Description.
The trunk of "Cyathea ferruginea" is erect and tall. 
Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and up to in length. The stipe bears short spines and sparse scales, which are dark brown in colour and have pale, narrow, fragile edges. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and are covered by thin, pale indusia.
Large and Braggins (2004) note that the specific epithet "ferruginea", meaning "rust-coloured", may refer to the brown scales of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="5882040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882040" title="Rodborough School">
Rodborough School

Rodborough School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Milford, Surrey, England. The school is a feeder school for Godalming College.
Awards and achievements.
The school was identified as a Beacon school in 1998 and 2001 and the school's 2008 GCSE results showed 78% of pupils attained 5 or more top (A*-C) grades. The school was granted Technology College status in 2002 allowing more vocational GCSE courses to be available, such as Leisure and Tourism and Health & Social Care. The school was renamed Rodborough Technology College for a time, but this title has been dropped since the end of the Specialist schools programme.
OFSTED recognition.
In January 2007, Ofsted reported after an inspection, that the school was satisfactory. For the separate topics of inspection, the school received good and satisfactory grades. The report stated "Academic guidance is inconsistent and does not always give individuals enough information about how to improve their work and achieve higher standards." The school responded by adding an Attitude to Learning (ATL) grading system.
In an Ofsted Inspection that was carried out in December 2009, Rodborough was recognised as providing 'an outstanding education for its pupils', with attainment above average. This is an improvement on the previous grade and Ofsted also commented that the behaviour at the school was outstanding, with pupils having a good contribution to school and community life.

</doc>
<doc id="5882045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882045" title="Princes Hall">
Princes Hall

The Princes Hall in Aldershot, England is a 600-seat theatre / receiving house which presents a varied programme of music, ballet, comedy and pantomime.
An additional 3 function rooms named the Princes Suite, the Edinburgh Suite and the Tichbourne Suite (after the prominent Aldershot family) are available for hire for conference, parties and weddings. The Theatre is owned and managed by Rushmoor Borough Council.
The Princes Hall was awarded the Devereux Cup in 2008 for its contribution to the arts.
The Princes Hall website www.princeshall.com won Best Recreation or Tourism Website at the 2008 Hantsweb Awards 
Pantomime.
The Princes Hall hosts an annual pantomime for 3 weeks every December. The show has been produced and directed by Hopkins Associates since 1994 (celebrating 20 years of pantomime in 2013 )and is written by James Barry. Since 2005 the Princes Hall have produced many well-known and well attended fairy tales. 2005 - Sleeping Beauty, 2006 - Beauty and the Beast, 2007 - The Wizard of Oz, 2008 - Peter Pan, 2009 - Snow White, 2010 - Cinderella, 2011 - Aladdin, 2012 - Beauty and the Beast, 2013 - Peter Pan, 2012 - Snow White
Ice Show.
From 2006 to 2008 the Princes Hall hosted a professional ice show in the main auditorium during the summer. Over 14 tonnes of crushed ice were used to create the ice rink on the main stage, on which over 30 Russian ice skaters and acrobats from Wild Rose perform spectacular shows. 2006 - Snow White ON ICE, 2007 - Peter Pan ON ICE, 2008 - Beauty & The Beast ON ICE.
History.
Commissioned by Rushmoor Borough Council as a civic hall and designed by Building Design Partnership the Princes Hall was named for HRH Prince Phillip The Duke Of Edinburgh.
Aldershot Visitor Information Centre.
From Monday 15 February 2010 the Princes Hall is also the location of the Aldershot Visitor Information Centre. Services available include help on things to do and see locally, books, maps and guides, local accommodation, events and information as well as train and bus time tables.

</doc>
<doc id="5882049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882049" title="Perry Millward">
Perry Millward

Perry Millward (born 24 October 1992) is an English actor primarily known for his work on stage (especially in London's West End), and with a number of film and television credits. Millward was born in Sidcup, Kent.
Stage career and musical performance.
Thanks to an Emma Priest Scholarship he received for his singing, Millward became a full-time pupil with the Sylvia Young Theatre School. He was one of the students featured in the 2004 television series ""When Will I Be Famous?"", which gave a behind-the-scenes look at the famous theatre school.
Millward starred as Jeremy Potts in the musical "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", as Michael Banks in "Mary Poppins", and as Gavroche in "Les Misérables".
In 2006 he performed the role of Noah in the musical "Caroline, or Change" at the National Theatre, London,
He played the role of David in Menier Chocolate Factory's production of Torch Song Trilogy in 2012.
Film and television.
Millward's first television appearance was playing a character,Warren, in an episodeof "The Bill" in 2003; he returned to the long-running series in 2008, playing the character Joey Tomlinson. He also portrayed The Artful Dodger in a televised stage production hosted by Shane Ritchie called "Celebrate 'Oliver!'" on 26 December 2005 alongside Ron Moody (Fagin) and Joseph McManners (Oliver) in which the cast sang the biggest hits from the West End production.
On 7 July 2006 he starred as Mike in the one-hour television film drama "That Summer Day" broadcast on CBBC, about the bombings of the London public transport system that occurred a year earlier. In the same year he achieved a small role (Marcel) in his first feature film, "".
In 2008, he played Jacob West in the "Sarah Jane Adventures" story "The Mark of the Berserker". In 2009 he appeared in an episode of the British drama "Ashes to Ashes", and also appeared as Nathan Harris in two episodes of television series "Casualty", in which he had portrayed a minor character three years previously. Although his role was a minor one, he was cast as a newspaper delivery boy in the highly successful 2010 ITV television series "Downton Abbey".
In 2011 Millward began appearances in the role of Nick Monroe in the television series "Monroe"; his character is a family member of the lead character of the series.
Following his minor parts in the 2006 films "That Summer Day" and "", Millward was cast in a significant supporting role in the 2011 television film "Christopher and His Kind", produced by the BBC, and based on the autobiographical novel by Christopher Isherwood. Millward played Richard Isherwood, younger brother of Christopher, against Matt Smith's lead role. During 2011 Millward also completed filming of a supporting role in the science-fiction feature film "John Carter of Mars".

</doc>
<doc id="5882056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882056" title="Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981)">
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981)

Jay Alexander Smith (born 24 September 1981 in London, UK) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Playing career.
Smith started his professional football career with Aston Villa. After a season, he was transferred to Southend United.
Signed in 2002 after a successful loan spell and turning down the advances of Hull City, Smith made his debut in August the same year and quickly became a regular in the Blues side.
A horrendous spell of injuries, including a broken ankle, has interrupted his career. Towards the end of the 2005–06 season, Smith was loaned out to Oxford United – and despite impressing manager Jim Smith during the run-in, it was not enough to save Oxford from dropping out of the football league.
Steve Tilson has always maintained that there was a place for a fit Jay Smith in the Southend squad and even after speaking to Oxford about a permanent deal for 2006–07, Smith and Southend committed to each other again and he signed on for another year at Roots Hall.
Smith once again found himself on loan, this time with League Two side Notts County.
On 26 January 2007, Smith was released from Southend and made a permanent switch to Notts County after a successful two-month loan spell.
He was released from his contract in January 2009 five months early along with striker Spencer Weir-Daley.
In December 2009, Smith joined Conference North side Eastwood Town on a one month deal. The following month the deal was extended for another month, but at the end of January, Smith signed for Conference National side Tamworth. It was announced that Smith would be taking over as club captain for the 2010–11 season from former player Chris Smith. On 18 November 2011, Smith was loaned to AFC Telford United until 5 January 2012. Smith said of the move: "In my eyes I've moved to a bigger club. I'm not going back to Tamworth. My time there has finished now."
In January 2012 his contract was cancelled by Tamworth and he joined Telford on a permanent basis. On 2 May 2013 he was let go by the club. 
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 6 December 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="5882058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882058" title="Dave Barr (golfer)">
Dave Barr (golfer)

David Allen Barr (born March 1, 1952) is a Canadian professional golfer who has played on the Canadian Tour, PGA Tour and Champions Tour.
Barr was born in Kelowna, British Columbia. He attended Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma and was a member of the golf team. He finished as runner-up in the 1972 Canadian Amateur Championship. 
Barr turned professional in 1974. From 1974 to 1978, he played on the Canadian Professional Golf Tour, where he earned 12 victories. He played on the PGA Tour from 1978 to 2002. He continued to support the Canadian circuit by playing several events per year, even after he joined the PGA Tour, although the Canadian events had much lower prize money. 
Barr had two wins on the PGA Tour. His first, which he calls the biggest thrill of his golf career, was at the 1981 Quad Cities Open. In 1987, Barr won the Georgia-Pacific Atlanta Golf Classic. His best finish in a major was T2 at the 1985 U.S. Open. 
After turning 50 in 2002, Barr began play on the Champions Tour. He became the first Canadian to win a Champions Tour event, the 2003 Royal Caribbean Golf Classic.
Barr was inducted into the Canadian Golf Hall of Fame in 2000, and is also a member of the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame. He lives in Westbank, British Columbia. Barr won the 2007 Canadian PGA Seniors' Championship at The Marshes Golf Club in Ottawa. He was also given a lifetime membership on the Canadian Tour.
Professional wins (18).
PGA Tour wins (2).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–2)
Results in major championships.
"Note: Barr never played in The Open Championship."<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = Withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Canadian national team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5882061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882061" title="Great Langton">
Great Langton

Great Langton is a small village and civil parish in the district of Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England. The village lies on the B6271 road, between Scorton and Northallerton, on the northern bank of the River Swale and it was once known as Langton-upon-Swale.
The village church is St Wilfrid's Church; there used to be also the Chapel of the Good Shepherd, which has now been converted into a residential property. There was once a school in Great Langton but it also closed and is now a residential property. The village pub, which was known as "The Langton Hotel" until it changed its name to "The Wishing Well" in the 1970s, closed in 2004.
The village is a short distance from Kiplin Hall, the stately home built by George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore, the founder of Maryland.
Etymology.
The name 'Great Langton' derives from Old English meaning ‘Long farm/settlement’. ‘Lang’ is the old Saxon word for ‘long’, and ‘Tun’ being ‘town’. It is known as "Great" Langton because there is a Little Langton nearby.
Sites of interest.
Great Langton has a small number of Sites of Importance for Nature Conservation. These include Great Langton Pond located in grid reference SE289959, Poole's Waist at SE306943, River Swale at SE257966 and Winterwalk Wood at SE302955, in close vicinity to Little Langton.
Great Langton Pond has many ornithological (wetland) purposes as well as plenty of decent angling. The pond is known to contain species such as Tench, Bream and Pike.
The River Swale has been known to be subject to flooding and is monitored closely by the Environment Agency. Although Great Langton is located in a primary area for fishing, no local residents are in the trade. The River Swale also attracts large numbers of duck into the village, commonly seen around winter. The ducks tend to arrive around mid-September having travelled around from central CIS. They return around April, the journey taking several weeks.
Poole's Waist is one of many oxbow lakes located on the River Swale. River water still floods through Poole's Waist during periods of high rainfall.
History.
Great Langton shows signs of human activity throughout much of its postglacial history. Initially, in the late-glacial and early Holocene (Mesolithic) period, there is little sign of any human impacts on the landscape, but there are signs of forest fires shown by fire climax vegetation, which could have been prevalent as a result of Mesolithic activity. Farming began only in the mid Holocene period, so human activity is likely to have been far larger from then onwards. Farming would have greatly increased and caused significant changes in the fluvial sediment regime through woodland clearance and colluvial hillwash.
Therefore Great Langton shows signs of rural activity. Also, there are signs of quarrying since there is a disused quarry located on part of the old river bed. Hence, the Swale is seen to have high sand and gravel content.
Great Langton first became a parish in 1823.
On 27 February 2008, much of North Yorkshire experienced tremors, because of the 2008 Lincolnshire earthquake. Luckily, no damage was caused to the village.
Religion.
The 2001 census for the parish of Great Langton reveals that 83% of the inhabitants are Christian, with only 10.8% stating that they have 'no religion'. The remaining 6.2% did not wish to say. Every year, Great Langton holds a church fete to raise money for St Wilfrid's Church. Although the church is still running, it has been slowly declining by a lack of funding and of village attendance.
Economy.
The 2001 census for the parish shows that around 38.9% of the occupants are employed in 'small roles' at work. Agriculture takes up 28% of the occupants' jobs, the highest employer followed by 'wholesale and retail' at 22%. Every household in the village owns at least one car. 40% of households are 'owned outright', with only 17.6% being rented. Only 2.75% of occupants are registered as unemployed. 30.3% have a higher qualification, 21.4% have none. 11% of houses in Great Langton do not have central heating.
Transport.
Only 3% of Great Langton's population use public transport to travel to work. There are, however, bus links which go to Richmond, Yafforth and Northallerton. There are regular train services between Northallerton and London that allow for a relatively easy connection. A typical fare will be around £80.
Climate.
According to the Köppen classification the British Isles experience a maritime climate characterised by relatively cool summers and mild winters. Compared with other parts of the country, North Yorkshire is slightly warmer and sunnier in the summer and colder and frostier in the winter. Owing to its inland position, and sheltered by the Pennines to the west, North Yorkshire is one of the driest counties in the UK, receiving, on average, less than of rain per year. The mean annual daily duration of bright sunshine is three hours and 42 minutes.
There are two distinct local weather phenomenon, marked downslope lee winds caused by the proximity of the Pennines, leading to super geostrophic winds which can reach in excess of 70 mph, most commonly in winter and spring. In the winter, the presence of a subsidence inversion between the Pennines and the North Yorks Moors can allow dense, persistent fog to form that can last for several days.

</doc>
<doc id="5882063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882063" title="Markaziy Stadium (Kasansay)">
Markaziy Stadium (Kasansay)

Markaziy Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kosonsoy, Uzbekistan. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Kasansay. The stadium holds 30,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882073" title="Japanese destroyer Shimakaze (1942)">
Japanese destroyer Shimakaze (1942)

Building.
Ordered in 1939 under the 4th Naval Armaments Supplement Programme, "Shimakaze" was laid down in Maizuru Naval Arsenal in August 1941 and completed on 10 May 1943.
Japan had intended to lay down 16 similar destroyers, with long-term plans—the 5th Naval Armaments Supplement Programme—for a total of 32 to equip four destroyer squadrons, but a lack of industrial capacity prevented them from being realized.
Service history.
In June 1943, she participated in the evacuation of Japanese troops from Kiska Island towards the end of the Aleutian Islands campaign. She was present in June 1944 at the Battle of the Philippine Sea. In October 1944, she was present at the Battle of Leyte Gulf, although she played no role in the battle except for picking up survivors from the sunken battleship . While serving as the flagship of Destroyer Squadron 2 under the command of Rear Admiral Mikio Hayakawa, she was attacked and sunk by American aircraft from Task Force 38 on 11 November 1944 during the Battle of Ormoc Bay.
Speed test.
"Shimakaze" was powered with an experimental steam turbine—which made construction of sister ships virtually impossible—during a speed test on 7 April 1943, she was clocked at with an engine output of .

</doc>
<doc id="5882081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882081" title="Jakob Jud">
Jakob Jud

Jakob Jud [ju:t] (January 12, 1882 in Wängi, Kanton Thurgau – June 15, 1952 in Seelisberg, Kanton Uri) was a Swiss Romance linguist ("Romanist").

</doc>
<doc id="5882090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882090" title="Hepatic porphyria">
Hepatic porphyria

Hepatic porphyrias is a form of porphyria in which the enzyme deficiency occurs in the liver.
Examples include (in order of synthesis pathway):

</doc>
<doc id="5882093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882093" title="James Dunn (British politician)">
James Dunn (British politician)

James Anthony Dunn (30 January 1926 - April 1985) was a British politician.
Dunn was educated at St. Theresa's School, Liverpool and the London School of Economics and became an engineer. He was a councillor on Liverpool City Council and served as secretary of Liverpool Co-operative Party. He was a counicllor for the ward of Kirkdale Liverpool which was a very working class area that was moving from voting Conservative to voting for the Labour party UK. 
Dunn was elected Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool Kirkdale in 1964. He was a government whip from 1974 to 1976, and junior Northern Ireland minister from 1976 to 1979.
In 1981, Dunn was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party. In 1983, he left the House of Commons when his seat was abolished by boundary changes. He died at the age of 59 in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="5882096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882096" title="James Lawson (footballer)">
James Lawson (footballer)

James Peter Lawson (born 21 January 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays for Isthmian League Premier Division club Concord Rangers. Lawson made 26 first team appearances in the Football League for Southend United as well as spending time on loan at Grimsby Town and Bournemouth.
Club career.
Lawson began his career with Southend United, scoring within 10 minutes on his debut against Oldham Athletic in September 2005. He scored two goals in four starts before suffering a slight injury, and was given his first professional contract until the end of the 2006–07 season. He made 26 league and cup appearances for Southend in the 2005–06 season.
He was unable to establish himself in the first team at the beginning of the 2006–07 season and joined League Two side Grimsby Town in September 2006 on a one month loan. He made only one appearance as a substitute and was recalled by Southend with manager Steve Tilson explaining, "James was there for two matches and only played about 20 minutes We wanted him to get games and that wasn't happening, so he has come back to us now." Lawson was still unable to break into the first team, being behind Freddy Eastwood, Matt Harrold, Lee Bradbury and Gary Hooper for a place in the team, and joined Bournemouth in January 2007 on a month's loan, where he started two games and came on as substitute in two games. He was then loaned to Dagenham & Redbridge in February 2007 for one-month, where he made three substitute appearances.
Lawson was released by Southend and joined Grays Athletic on a one-year contract in August 2007. He made nine league appearances without scoring for Grays and was transfer listed before joining Isthmian Premier club Chelmsford City on loan in October 2007. The move was made permanent in January 2008. He joined Welling United in June 2009.
At the start of the 2010–11 season, Lawson signed for Isthmian League Premier Division club Concord Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="5882102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882102" title="Louis Dalton Porter">
Louis Dalton Porter

Louis Dalton Porter (May 17, 1919 – June 28, 2006) was an American artist.
Porter's work includes a five-foot (1.5 meter) painted bluebird sculpture, "The Prince." Prince Georges County, Maryland bought "The Prince" in 2003 and presented it as a coronation gift to its "sister city," the Royal Bafokeng Nation of South Africa.
Porter also applied gold leaf in the National Shrine of the Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D.C., and to the domes to several government buildings.
He served as a member of the Ghost Army in World War II. As a ghost soldier, Porter created "painstakingly realistic" camouflage such as leaves and branches on material the United States Army was trying to conceal from the German Army and purposefully less realistic camouflage on dummy material designed to attract German fire, according to Jack Kneece, author of "Ghost Army of World War II".
Porter was born in Kaplan, Louisiana. He grew up in Biloxi, Mississippi and Crowley, Louisiana. At the beginning of World War II he went to the Washington, D.C. area to train at Fort Belvoir and Fort Meade, and after the war he settled in Prince Georges County.
Porter died of a heart attack at his home in Oxon Hill, Maryland at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="5882109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882109" title="Tom Springfield">
Tom Springfield

Tom Springfield (born Dionysius P. A. O'Brien, 2 July 1934, and known when young as Dion O'Brien), was an important figure in the 1960s folk and pop music scene. He is the brother of Dusty Springfield, with whom he performed in The Springfields. 
Life and career.
Springfield was born in Hampstead, London, and attended the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe from 1944 to 1950. He formed a vocal trio, The Springfields in 1960, with his sister Dusty and a friend, Tim Feild. The group broke up in 1963 and he became a record producer and songwriter for The Seekers. He wrote many of their major hits, including "I'll Never Find Another You", "A World of Our Own", the million-selling "The Carnival is Over" (the melody was based on a Russian folk song, while Tom Springfield wrote the remaining music and lyrics for the song) and "Walk with Me", and co-wrote "Georgy Girl" with Jim Dale: this was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song of 1966.
His other hit compositions include "Adios Amour (Goodbye My Love)", which was recorded by José Feliciano and The Casuals.
The Springfields' song "Island of Dreams", written by Tom Springfield, has been covered by Mick Thomas, Johnny Tillotson, Mary Hopkin, Geraint Watkins with Martin Belmont and by the Seekers.
He released two solo albums in the late 1960s, "Sun Song" (1968) and "Love's Philosophy" (1969); these were re-released on CD in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5882110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882110" title="Battle of Montebello (1800)">
Battle of Montebello (1800)

The Battle of Montebello was fought on 9 June 1800 near Montebello in Lombardy. During the lead-up to the Battle of Marengo, the vanguard of the French army in Italy engaged and defeated an Austrian force in a "glorious victory".
Background.
Napoleon's capture of Milan on 2 June found the Austrian army separated into three major and several minor concentrations. General Michael Melas held Turin with 18,000 men, Feldmarschall-Leutnant (FML) Peter Ott's 16,000 troops remained near Genoa where they secured the surrender of General of Division André Masséna's starving garrison on 4 June, and FML Anton von Elsnitz with 8,000 soldiers retreated from the Riviera. To the east of Milan, FML Josef Philipp Vukassovich had 4,000 men. South of the Po River, FML Andreas O'Reilly von Ballinlough marched east toward Piacenza with 3,000 men. Strong garrisons manned the fortresses of Alessandria, Coni and Casale. Melas believed he had plenty of time to mass his army and launch a counter-offensive north from Piacenza.
General of Division Jean Lannes moved south from Milan with his corps, seizing Pavia on 3 June and being initially repulsed by Piacenza's tiny 400-man garrison. In a series of operations on 6 June, Generals of Division Joachim Murat and Jean Boudet ferried their troops across the Po to the east of Piacenza while Lannes crossed the Po to the west of the city. Murat then overran Piacenza while Lannes pushed O'Reilly back to the west. These actions placed French forces directly on the main Austrian line of communication between Alessandria and Mantua in the strategic Stradella defile. Meanwhile, Murat captured a set of Austrian dispatches that disclosed that Genoa had fallen. Confronted with a new situation, Napoleon issued orders to press the Austrians.
On 7 June, Ott's column was marching north from Genoa. Ott's corps reached Voghera at 8 pm on 8 June to join O'Reilly. A patrol reported French troops to the east. Ott directed O'Reilly with six infantry battalions and four cavalry squadrons to defend the village of Casteggio on the main east-west highway.
Meanwhile, the French army became overextended. Believing that his enemies could not be in strength, Napoleon sent a note to Lannes, "If troops should present themselves between Voghera and Stradella let them be attacked without caution; they are, certainly, fewer than 10,000 men." Lannes planned to continue marching west. This would bring his 8,000 men into contact with Ott's corps of 18,000.
Forces.
French Forces: Lannes<br> 
Corps: Lannes (8,000)
Corps: Victor (6,000)
Austrian Forces: Ott
Battle.
On the morning of 9 June, the 6th Light Infantry Demi-brigade belonging to General of Division François Watrin bumped into an Austrian position and immediately attacked. Melas' chief-of-staff, General-Major Anton von Zach was on the scene and he advised Ott against bringing on a battle. Ott overruled him. Watrin aggressively fed his units into the battle, but found his three demi-brigades, two batteries and one cavalry regiment opposed by a superior force. Ott disposed of 26 infantry battalions and 15 cavalry squadrons, but his 35 cannons caused the French the worst trouble.
For five hours, the outnumbered French soldiers tried to break the Austrian position. Twice they seized Casteggio, but were driven out by O'Reilly's troops. Attempts to flank the Austrian left were repulsed by the Lobkowitz Dragoons and an artillery battery. The 12th Hussars charged repeatedly to keep the French infantry from being overrun by the Austrian dragoons. Nine Austrian battalions defended a hill to the south of the village while, a short distance to the west, five battalions waited in reserve in the village of Montebello. The French received some help when the Consular Guard's three field pieces and other units arrived.
As Lannes' command neared their breaking point at about 1:00 pm, General of Division Jacques-Antoine de Chambarlhac de Laubespin's division of Claude Perrin Victor's corps arrived on the scene. Victor sent the 43rd Line under General of Brigade Olivier Macoux Rivaud de la Raffinière to attack the enemy right, the 24th Light to assault the Austrian left and the 96th Line to charge the center. Despite intense Austrian artillery fire, the combined pressure forced back Ott's tired soldiers and convinced that general to order a phased withdrawal. O'Reilly's battalions held Casteggio to the last and the Reisky Regiment was nearly wiped out. O'Reilly's survivors and the numerous Austrian cavalry covered the retreat.
Result.
The Austrians reported losing 659 killed, 1,445 wounded and 2,171 captured, as well as two field pieces lost. The French claimed only 600 casualties, but a more realistic assessment is that they suffered about 3,000 losses. "Yet the Battle of Montebello did not fatally compromise Melas' situation. His strategy to mass his forces and then attack remained sound." On the other hand, "Austrian morale suffered a serious relapse, and Melas remained as if hypnotized around Alessandria for the next five days without making any significant move, waiting for his troops to complete their concentration." The next engagement would be the decisive Battle of Marengo on 14 June.
Jean Lannes distinguished himself at this battle, for which he was awarded the victory title of "duc de Montebello" in 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="5882123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882123" title="You (S Club 7 song)">
You (S Club 7 song)

"You" was the 9th single released by UK pop group S Club 7 on 11 February 2002. The track is a very uptempo-retro number reminiscent of the group's third single "You're My Number One". The video was set in the 1950s and is described in the "" CD booklet as the "candyfloss-bright, tongue-in-cheek 50s pastiche". This track was the last single to feature departed band member Paul Cattermole and sparked the last leg of the S Club 7 journey. The song reached no. 2 on the UK Singles Chart. It also charted on the 2002 Year End Singles chart at number 70.
Song information.
Track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "You".
Music video.
The first part of the video stars Rachel Stevens as a wife who cooks food for her husband portrayed by Paul Cattermole. Paul comes home and Rachel tries to feed him. But a mistress played by Jo O'Meara appears out of nowhere, distracts Paul and they start dancing. Then they enter another room through a curtain, revealing the other band members. The part ends with Hannah Spearritt dancing. The second part shows Rachel mowing the lawn. Jon Lee joins her, but soon goes to Jo, who is having a barbecue. The smoke from the grill show the other 6 members dancing under umbrellas. Rachel looks while using a hose. It turns off, then it sprays Rachel in the face. The third part takes place in the garage. Bradley McIntosh is repairing the car. Rachel looks at him, Bradley does likewise. Then Jo appears in the car dancing with Bradley. The others come in. Rachel is sad until the others sing to her. They all sing together and they drive off.
The music video for 'You' was filmed after 'Don't Stop Movin" and was intended as the follow up single before the group were asked to record the Children In Need single ('Have You Ever') for that year. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882132" title="BTN 2000">
BTN 2000

BTN 2000 ("Bring the Noise 2000") is an unreleased industrial remix album of Public Enemy tracks produced by Spacey B & George "Cornbread" Marshall, following their 1998 "He Got Game" album. The group's attempt to make it available to fans online was blocked by their record distributor, PolyGram. This action resulted in the group's departure from that label and Def Jam, with whom PE had made music history in the late 1980s. The group's next album, "There's a Poison Goin' On" was released on the independent label Atomic Pop.

</doc>
<doc id="5882133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882133" title="Friedrich Wilhelm Carl Umbreit">
Friedrich Wilhelm Carl Umbreit

Friedrich Wilhelm Carl/Karl Umbreit (April 11, 1795, Sonneborn, Thüringen - April 26, 1860, Heidelberg) was a German Protestant theologian and a Hebrew Bible scholar.
He was a student at the University of Göttingen, where one of his instructors was Johann Gottfried Eichhorn (1852-1827). He then continued his studies in Vienna with Orientalist Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall (1774-1856). In 1820 he became an associate professor of Old Testament studies and Oriental philology at the University of Heidelberg, where in 1823 he received the title of professor. In 1829 he attained the chair of Old Testament studies at Heidelberg.
In 1828 with Carl Christian Ullmann (1796-1865), he became co-editor of the journal "Theologischen Studien und Kritiken" (Theological studies and discussions). Umbreit published a scholarly translation/commentary on the Book of Job, as well as a commentary on the Book of Proverbs. His best known publication was a masterful four-volume exegetical work on the prophets of the Old Testament titled "Praktischer Commentar über die Propheten des alten Bundes" (1841-46).

</doc>
<doc id="5882137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882137" title="Eric Ogden (politician)">
Eric Ogden (politician)

Eric Ogden (23 August 1923—5 May 1997) was a British politician.
Eric Ogden was a miner and studied at the Wigan and District Mining and Technical College.
He served as a Liverpool Borough Councillor for the ward of Croxteth from 1959 to his selection as the parliamentary candidate for West Derby. He was selected by over 80% of the West Derby constituency party to stand for election he defeated future MP Robert Parry.
He was originally elected Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool West Derby at the 1964 general election, but was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party in 1981. At the 1983 general election, he sought re-election but came third with 18% of the vote while the Labour candidate Robert Wareing won. It was a time of intense political change and Eric no longer thought that the party he joined was any longer true to the political principles he believed in. He was a member of the Stamps Advisory Committee and Chairman of the Falkland Islands Association (he visited the Islands on at least three separate occasions before and after the conflict). He enjoyed photography and gardening and was a keen independent traveller. He married twice and has a son by his first wife and two sons by his second wife, Marjorie Ogden, who died on 24 March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5882153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882153" title="Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro">
Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro

Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro, sometimes known as Cifu (born 13 July 1980), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Recreativo de Huelva as a right defender.
Football career.
Cifuentes was born in Madrid. An unsuccessful graduate of Real Madrid's youth system he went on to make his professional debuts with Zamora CF, spending most of his early career in the third division.
In the 2005–06 season Cifuentes joined Real Sociedad, making his La Liga debut on 21 September 2005 and playing the full 90 minutes in the 3–2 home win over Atlético Madrid. Never an important element for the Basque he would be loaned, in January 2007, to second level club SD Ponferradina, and he scored once for his new team, in a 3–3 draw at UD Salamanca – who led 3–0 at the hour mark – on 1 April; Ponferradina would be, however, relegated.
Cifuentes signed for Real Valladolid in August 2007. After having featured in only nine matches throughout the campaign he was released in October of the following year despite still having a contract running, alongside teammate Alexis, in the same predicament.
In late January 2009 Cifuentes moved to Cádiz CF in division three, being part of the squad that returned to the second level after a one-year absence. In the following season he was an undisputed starter (34 games, 33 starts), but the Andalusians would be immediately relegated back.

</doc>
<doc id="5882168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882168" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Warwickshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Warwickshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Warwickshire.Note that English Nature, the designating body for SSSIs in England, uses the 1974–1996 county system.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5882174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882174" title="Manoppello">
Manoppello

Manoppello is a "comune" in Abruzzo, in the province of Pescara, Italy. 
It is famous for having a church which contains an image on a thin byssus veil, a sudarium, known as the Holy Face of Manoppello and which has been reputed to be identical to the Veil of Veronica. 
Also notable is the Romanesque abbey of Santa Maria Arabona.
<br clear="left">
Twin towns.
<br clear="left">
External links.
<br clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5882176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882176" title="Coleham">
Coleham

Coleham is a district of the town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is located just south, over the River Severn, from Shrewsbury town centre.
Coleham grew up as a village outside medieval Shrewsbury, with the nearest crossing over the Severn to the town being the Stone Bridge (now the English Bridge). Shrewsbury Abbey and its associated lands and buildings were nearby. The Rea Brook separates Coleham from the other old suburb on this end of town - Abbey Foregate.
Coleham is centered on the Shrewsbury to Longden road, which as it passes through Coleham itself is called "Longden Coleham". The Victorian suburb of Belle Vue grew up south of Coleham and the wealthy suburb of Kingsland (which centres on Shrewsbury School) grew up west of Coleham.
Today, Coleham is connected to the town centre by a pedestrian footbridge - the Greyfriars Bridge, though the nearest vehicular crossing remains the English Bridge. There are a number of shops and public houses along Longden Coleham, as well as a primary school. The Coleham Pumping Station is a visitor destination and is located on Longden Coleham.
Greyfriars Bridge in Coleham is the starting point for Regional Cycle Route 32/33 to Church Stretton (and further on, Craven Arms).
The area suffered badly from flooding in 2000, which entirely took hold of Longden Coleham and other low-lying streets in the area. Since then a number of measures have been taken to alleviate flooding problems in the Coleham and Abbey Foregate areas.
Railways.
"See also: Shrewsbury TMD"
The Welsh Marches Line (and Cambrian Line) runs through the area, partially on a long brick viaduct which crosses over the Abbey Foregate road, between Severn Bridge Junction and Sutton Bridge Junction. There were once extensive engine sheds and other railway related activities in the area. There remains a permanent way depot - Coleham Depot - and in 2008 a new inspection shed for the Class 97/3 locomotives was built. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882179" title="Michael Brotherton">
Michael Brotherton

Michael Lewis Brotherton (born 26 May 1931) is a British journalist and politician. A Conservative, he had a promising Parliamentary career and has worked as a Parliamentary consultant since his constituency was broken up in boundary changes.
Royal Navy career.
The son of a brewer, and brought up in the Roman Catholic faith, Brotherton went to Prior Park College. He enlisted in the Royal Navy and continued his education at the Royal Naval College in Dartmouth, qualifying as an Observer in 1955. He served in Cyprus in 1957 during a flare-up in communal conflicts and was mentioned in despatches for distinguished conduct. Brotherton left the Navy after achieving the rank of Lieutenant-Commander in 1964.
Early political activity.
Retraining as an advertising executive, Brotherton joined Times Newspapers in 1967. He also became politically active in the Conservative Party, speaking at the Party conference of 1966 in support of building an aircraft carrier for the Navy, and was Chairman of Beckenham Conservative Political Centre for the year 1967-1968. At the 1970 general election, he was Conservative candidate in Deptford.
October 1974 election.
Failing to find a seat for the February 1974 general election, Brotherton became more prominent during the short interval between elections that year. He attacked the Labour government's decision to write off the debt of the National Coal Board. When Jeffrey Archer suddenly announced his decision to stand down from Parliament due to financial problems, Brotherton was selected as candidate for Louth in the October 1974 general election. Brotherton won the seat but, in terms of swing, the result was one of the worst for the Conservatives in the election, attributed to the circumstances in which Archer left and the short time Brotherton had to make himself known.
Policy positions.
Once in Parliament, Brotherton used the platform it gave him to express his views in somewhat forceful terms. During the Common Market referendum of 1975, Brotherton strongly attacked Edward du Cann who made a last minute anti-Market speech; Brotherton declared that du Cann "requires either psychiatric treatment or lessons in simple arithmetic".
Brotherton demanded that the Royal Navy escort the British fishing fleet to defend it from Icelandic attacks during the Cod War. Early in January 1976 he challenged James Callaghan, then Foreign Secretary, to substantiate Sheila Cassidy's claim that she had been tortured in Chile before making any protest to the Chilean government. In March 1976 he pressed the issue of a member of the House of Commons catering staff who had been found to be a supporter of the Provisional Irish Republican Army, calling for stricter vetting.
A strong supporter of Margaret Thatcher, Brotherton urged Edward Heath not to make public criticisms of her. In 1977 he successfully moved a private member's motion that declared the House would not welcome Idi Amin's presence at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Conference. He was also a supporter of Ian Smith in Rhodesia and urged the government not to make a deal with the "terrorists" including Robert Mugabe.
Under the Thatcher government.
Brotherton supported the call for a boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics. He voted against a rise in petrol duty which was proposed by Geoffrey Howe in the 1981 budget. He was placed on the Select Committee on the Contempt of Court Bill in 1981 as one of the few non-lawyers; he supported an amendment to allow unrestricted tape-recording of court proceedings, against government advice. He also opposed the 1981 Defence Review with its proposed reductions in the Royal Navy. In March 1982, when the Adam Smith Institute rated MPs according to their tendency to vote for individual freedom, Brotherton and his Parliamentary neighbour Michael Brown topped the list.
In December 1982, Brotherton (a strong opponent of wasteful spending) was embarrassed when he missed a rail connection and then asked three police cars to drive him from Newark-on-Trent to a charity event in Grimsby. The local Labour controlled police authority questioned why it was so urgent for him to get there when he was not expected to attend (his wife was the guest of honour), and asked him to reimburse the cost. He was also twice convicted of driving offences in the early 1980s.
1983 election.
At the 1983 general election, boundary changes merged most of his seat with Brigg and Scunthorpe to form a new Brigg and Cleethorpes; this pitched Brotherton into a contest with Michael Brown for the nomination, which Brown won in March 1983. Brotherton then tried to find another constituency, but was unsuccessful.
Later career.
He kept up contacts in his old constituency and continued living in Lincolnshire. In 1986, Brotherton formed Michael Brotherton Associates, a company of Parliamentary consultants. He kept up his correspondence to newspapers, and was critical of the John Major government for giving concessions in European Union negotiations. In January 2007, he announced that he had joined the United Kingdom Independence Party, declaring that "the only political party in the UK that now reflects the true values of Conservatism is the UK Independence Party".

</doc>
<doc id="5882184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882184" title="C-Bus (protocol)">
C-Bus (protocol)

C-Bus is a communications protocol based on a seven layer OSI model for home and building automation that can handle cable lengths up to 1000 meter using Cat-5 cable. It is used in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, the Middle East, Russia, USA, South Africa, the UK and other parts of Europe including Greece and Romania. C-Bus was created by Clipsal Australia's "Clipsal Integrated Systems" division (now part of Schneider Electric) for use with its brand of home automation and building lighting control system. C-Bus has recently become available in the USA under the 'SquareD Clipsal' brand name.
C-Bus is used in the control of domotics, or home automation systems, as well as commercial building lighting control systems.
Unlike the more common X10 protocol which uses a signal imposed upon the AC power line, C-Bus uses a dedicated low-voltage cable or two-way wireless network to carry command and control signals. This improves the reliability of command transmission and makes C-Bus far more suitable for large, commercial applications than X10.
C-Bus System.
The C-Bus System can be used to control lighting and other electrical systems and products automatically or via remote control and can also be interfaced to a home security system, AV products or other electrical items. The C-Bus system is available in a wired version and a wireless version, with a gateway available to allow messages to be sent between wired and wireless networks.
The wired C-Bus system uses a standard category 5 UTP (Unshielded Twisted Pair) cable as its network communications cable and does not require end of line termination. Clipsal manufactures a specific category 5 cable for use within electrical distribution panels. This cable has a pink outer sheath which is rated to ensure adequate electrical isolation between the mains voltages found in distribution panels and the extra low voltage C-Bus. Outside of distribution panels standard category 5 UTP cable can be used.
The category 5 C-Bus network wiring uses a free topology architecture. The maximum length of cable used on a C-Bus network is 1000 metres; however this is easily extended using C-Bus Network Bridges. Up to 100 units can be installed on a C-Bus network and this can also be extended using Network Bridges.
The maximum number of C-Bus networks in one installation is 255 (note that this limitation does not apply if a C-Bus Ethernet Interface is utilised, the system size is then limited to IP Addressing only). The maximum number of networks connected in series to the local network via Network Bridges is seven (i.e. using six network bridges).
Each standard C-Bus unit requires 18mA @ 15-36Vdc to operate, however some C-Bus units require up to 40mA.
More than one C-Bus power supply can be connected to a C-Bus network to provide sufficient power to the C-Bus units, the C-Bus power supplies will share the load evenly.
Each C-Bus network requires a network burden if there are insufficient C-Bus units on the network. This network burden can be enabled on C-Bus output units through software or a hardware burden can be connected to the network.
Each C-Bus network requires at least one system clock generating unit for data synchronisation.
The isolation between the mains supply circuitry and the 36V DC C-Bus circuitry is greater than 3.5kV. This is achieved using double wound transformers and opto isolators. This means the C-Bus wiring, connections and circuitry can be considered Extra Low Voltage.
Wiring Design of C-Bus Systems.
With conventional wiring, the mains power (120V/220V/240V) is wired from the Distribution Board (DB) to the load (for example, a ceiling light) via a wall switch.
In C-Bus systems, the connections between the DB and (for example) the ceiling lights, and between the DB and the junction box (wall switch) are completely separate. In addition, there are no connections between the Junction Box and the respective ceiling lights.
The power control in a C-Bus system lies in a “Dimmer” or “Relay” which is installed in the DB and replaces the traditional switch used in conventional wiring. This Dimmer (or Relay) has a 120/220V Line interconnection directly to the ceiling light and a neutral connection back from the ceiling light to the Dimmer. The Dimmer will control the light directly and will receive its commands from another device on the C-Bus network (for example, a wall mounted light switch/keypad). This wall mounted light switch would not be connected to any load whatsoever; it would be directly connected with the Dimmer by means of a control/signaling cable. The Dimmers normally come as 4-, 8- or 12-channel DIN-rail mounted devices.
C-Bus Interoperability.
As of 9 December 2008 Clipsal opened its C-Bus protocols to anyone who wants to interact with it programatically.
Using one of Clipsal's C-Bus interface modules (PCI for RS232 or USB and CNI for Ethernet TCP/IP), you can interact with other home automation systems, or with applications on devices like Android, iPad or iPhone. All you do is plug a network cable from your Home WiFi router to the Clipsal C-Bus Ethernet module, and then any Android or iPad can control your home automation system. You can also use this same method to integrate C-Bus with HomeSeer using MCSxAP. And in theory you can also do this to integrate C-Bus via a X10 module for the PC.
If you are a .Net/Java/c++ software developer, you can find the C-Bus protocol information here to interact from your PC: http://www2.clipsal.com/cis/technical/downloads
The C-Bus protocol was developed using the OSI 7 layer reference model. C-Bus supports a number of interfaces such as RS232 and TCP/IP and makes these protocols available to third party companies. Clipsal has also developed a server application called C-Gate, to facilitate software integration. The C-Bus interface specifications are available at no-cost through the C-Bus Enabled Program, however it is necessary to agree to a license agreement. It is also possible to become a C-Bus enabled partner; This requires payment but provides a greater level of support for product development and certification.
The future of C-Bus.
C-Bus as a home automation and commercial building lighting control system is used primarily in Australia and New Zealand. C-Bus is currently available in Asia, the United Kingdom (installed in Number 10 Downing Street, Wembley Stadium and Manchester City Football Club), Russia, USA (named SquareD), Canada (from Sound Developments Ltd. [http://www.sounddevelopments.com]) and a number of other countries are now using this system. The C-Bus wireless (RF) system and wired C-Bus Occupancy Controllers can be retrofitted using the existing mains wiring.
C-Bus is compatible with Translink C-Bus Gateway, OPC, DALI, DSI, BACnet, TCP/IP, Crestron, AMX, RTI, LonWorks, ModBus, Charmed Quark Controller, the Comfort Intelligent Home System and some other protocols through interfaces.
Switchboard Enclosures.
C-Bus is a din rail mount system, like many other automation systems it clips to the conventional Din Rail. Large switchboard enclosures have been purpose built by Built Boards. They offer plenty of wiring space and separate neutral and earth bars per din rail. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882185" title="Saint Edward">
Saint Edward

Saint Edward, Saint Edward's, St. Edward and St. Edward's may refer to:
Places.
United States.
St. Edwards Episcopal Church, located in Mount Dora, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5882189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882189" title="Little Langton">
Little Langton

Little Langton is a hamlet in the parish of Great Langton, in North Yorkshire, England. The population of the parish was estimated at 30 in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5882224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882224" title="Abagaitu Islet">
Abagaitu Islet

Abagaitu Islet (; , Bolshoy Ostrov) is an islet in the Argun River (Asia) divided between the People's Republic of China (Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region) and Russia (Chita Oblast). Area 58 km².
The island was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1929, a move not accepted by China, resulting in a border dispute that lasted more than seventy years.
On October 14, 2004, the Complementary Agreement between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation on the Eastern Section of the China–Russia Boundary was signed, in which Russia agreed to relinquish control over a part of Abagaitu Islet. In 2005, the Russian Duma and the Chinese National People's Congress approved the agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="5882237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882237" title="Firehouse (1997 film)">
Firehouse (1997 film)

Firehouse is a 1997 drama TV movie about the dealings of a crew at a firehouse. The group is attacked by an assassin and eventually must accept that the firehouse is to be consolidated with a rescue unit.

</doc>
<doc id="5882241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882241" title="Castle High School (Belfast)">
Castle High School (Belfast)

"For schools of the same name, see Castle High School"
Castle High School was a state-controlled co-educational secondary school for pupils aged 11 to 16 in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It was located in Fortwilliam Park, and was within the Belfast Education and Library Board area.
History.
The school was opened on 1 September 1985, when Dunlambert Boys’ Secondary School amalgamated with Graymount Girls’ Secondary School and Mountcollyer Secondary School. The new school was established on the Fortwilliam Park site of the former Dunlambert School, which was founded in 1958, and, at its peak, accommodated 1,000 pupils. Castle High School was the beneficiary of a remarkably historic site: within the school’s grounds are the Celtic and Anglo-Norman remains of an original Dun, or fort, flanked by a prehistoric souterrain.
50th anniversary.
On 23 June 2008, Castle High School held a celebration to mark 50 years of education at its current site at Fortwilliam Park in north Belfast. The event was hosted by the BBC journalist and broadcaster Dr William Crawley, a former pupil of Dunlambert School, with musical performances from the Belfast School of Music's Concert Band.
Closure.
Castle High School closed on 31 August 2009. From 1 September 2009 the building was used by the Belfast School of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="5882242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882242" title="Unclassified miscellaneous vessel">
Unclassified miscellaneous vessel

The IX (unclassified–miscellaneous) hull classification symbol is used for ships of the United States Navy that do not fit into one of the standard categories. While most of the vessels in this category were unnamed barges and floating shipyard equipment, it also includes retired battleships, training equipment and simulators, war prizes, and experimental vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="5882245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882245" title="Lists of rulers of Germany">
Lists of rulers of Germany

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5882252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882252" title="Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism">
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism

Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism (pseudoPHP) is an inherited disorder, named for its similarity to pseudohypoparathyroidism in presentation. The term pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism is used to describe a condition where the individual has the phenotypic appearance of pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1a, but is biochemically normal.
It is sometimes considered a variant of Albright hereditary osteodystrophy.
It was characterized in 1952 by Fuller Albright as "pseudo-pseudohypoparathyroidism" (with hyphen).
Presentation.
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism can be best understood by comparing it to other conditions:
Hormone resistance is not present in pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism. Short stature may be present. Obesity is less common in pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism than in pseudohypoparathyroidism. Osteoma cutis may be present.
Inheritance.
A mother who has inherited pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism from her father may in turn pass along pseudohypoparathyroidism 1A to her children as the imprinting pattern on the inherited paternal chromosome will be changed to the maternal pattern in the mother's ovum during meiosis.
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism and pseudohypoparathyroidism both involve the same GNAS gene, but pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism has normal calcium homeostasis because of the normal maternal allele in the kidney.
Linguistic significance.
At 30 letters, the English name of the disorder is one of the candidates for being the longest word in English.

</doc>
<doc id="5882254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882254" title="Brendan Cowell">
Brendan Cowell

Brendan Cowell (born 16 August 1976) is an Australian actor, screenwriter and director. Cowell was born in Sydney, Australia. He stumbled upon acting by accident while waiting for his sister to come out of a rehearsal; he was then cast in a commercial at age 8. He went to Charles Sturt University, in Bathurst, to complete a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre/Media, originally considering journalism as a career option.
Although he is generally known as a fine actor, he also has some similarly off-putting screen credits to his name, such as writing and directing. He won the Patrick White Playwrights' Award for his third play "Bed" along with a collection of other awards. His play "Ruben Guthrie" showed at the Belvoir St Theatre in 2009 to sell-out houses. It has a new production at La Boite Theatre in 2011, starring Gyton Grantley and directed by David Berthold. His most famous acting role is playing the enigmatic Tom on Australian cable TV's "Love My Way", for which he also wrote several episodes, and playing Todd for the first two seasons on "Life Support" on SBS TV, for which he also wrote sketches.
His most recent foray into film have included roles in the 2007 crime drama "Noise", World War 1 war film "Beneath Hill 60" and romantic comedy "I Love You Too". He won some acclaim for his portrayal of the title role in Bell Shakespeare's 2008 Production of "Hamlet" and acted in Sydney Theatre Company's production of "True West", directed by Philip Seymour Hoffman, in 2010. Brendan lives in Newtown, New South Wales Sydney and is a committed supporter of the Cronulla Sharks rugby league team. 
He recently published his first novel: "How it Feels".
Personal life.
Brendan was born to parents Yvonne and Bruce 'Bruiser' Cowell. He has two older sisters, Belinda and Jacqui (who was part of pop group Girlfriend). Was a self-confessed loner at primary school, which he said was due to his reading poems out at assembly and making up little plays and forcing people to watch them. Dated Rose Byrne for six years until they amicably parted ways in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5882258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882258" title="Burmese pony">
Burmese pony

The Burmese Pony originated in the Shan state of Eastern Myanmar (formerly Burma), where it is bred today by local hill tribes. It shows similarities to the Bhutia, Spiti, and Manipuri ponies of the Himalayan Mountains, suggesting these breeds have a similar origin, most likely deriving from the Mongolian horse and other Eastern breeds. They are used as trekking and pack ponies because they are strong and well suited to the mountainous conditions. 
Characteristics.
Burmese ponies may reach , and are brown, bay, chestnut, black or gray in color. They are not particularly pretty horses, having been bred for function rather than looks. The head usually has a straight profile, the neck is muscular. The back may be long, and the croup is sloping. The ponies do not have very pronounced withers, and a rather upright shoulder, creating a short stride (which is desirable in mountainous terrain, even if considered a fault in a riding horse). The chest is deep and wide, the hooves small and hard, and the legs are fine, yet strong.
Uses.
The Burmese is well-adapted to its mountainous environment, being very sure-footed, tough, with great stamina and resistant to the harsh environment. This trait has made them extremely popular as trekking and pack ponies. They have a very quiet temperament and a willing nature, making them popular mounts for novices and children. At one time the Burmese were used as polo mounts for British colonials. However, they are not incredibly fast or athletic, so this was most likely because they were the only mounts available at that time.
References.
Summerhayes, RS; "Horses & Ponies", Warne & Co, 1948
The Equinest. (2009) Burmese Pony. Retrieved 2.8.09 from http://www.theequinest.com/breeds/burmese-pony/

</doc>
<doc id="5882265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882265" title="Kenneth Marks">
Kenneth Marks

Kenneth Marks (15 June 1920 – 13 January 1988) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Marks was Member of Parliament (MP) for Manchester Gorton from a 1967 by-election to 1983. From 1975 to 1979, he was a junior Environment minister.
Before his by-election success he served as a Labour councillor on the Denton Urban District Council, representing Denton West. Although reselected to fight Manchester Gorton at the 1983 general election, boundary changes substantially altered the constituency boundaries, with the largest part of the constituency, Denton and Audenshaw in Tameside Metropolitan Borough, merging with Reddish in Stockport Metropolitan Borough to form a new Denton and Reddish constituency. Gorton was included with much of the former Manchester Ardwick constituency, which was renamed Manchester Gorton.
As there were potentially three Labour MPs contesting two new seats, Marks, who was the senior of the three, stood down, allowing Stockport North's Andrew Bennett to inherit Denton and Reddish and Gerald Kaufman to move across from Ardwick to the new Gorton seat.

</doc>
<doc id="5882266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882266" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Surrey">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Surrey

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Surrey, a county in South East England. Surrey is bordered by Greater London to the north, and West Sussex to the south. It has an estimated population of 1,085,400 within an area of , thus making it the 13th largest cermeonial county in the United Kingdom. 
As of 2014, there are 62 sites designated within this area of search, 52 of which have been designated for their biological interest, 8 for their geological interest, and 2 for both biological and geological interest. The data in this table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5882289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882289" title="List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1980">
List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1980

These are the "Billboard Magazine" number one albums of 1980, per the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="5882291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882291" title="Slopestyle">
Slopestyle

Slopestyle is a winter sporting event where the goal is to perform the most difficult tricks while getting the highest altitude off jumps, with an emphasis on performing different types of tricks instead of doing one great trick repeatedly. It originated as a snowboarding competition format, but there are now many sports that are considered to have this style of competition, of which skiing and snowboarding are two of the most common.
Slopestyle is one of the most popular events at the Winter X Games. It became an Olympic event, in both skiing and snowboarding forms, at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. The very first Olympic champions in Slopestyle Skiing were American Joss Christensen for the men and Canadian Dara Howell for the women. The first Olympic champions for the snowboarding Slopestyle were, both Americans, Sage Kotsenburg for the men and Jamie Anderson for the women.
Skis.
Twin-tip skis are used in slopestyle skiing and are particularly useful if the skier lands backwards.
It helps athletes land backwards without catching their tail edges.
Terrain.
Slopestyle snowboarding/skiing is performed on specially made trails at ski mountains. These trails, called "terrain parks" or "jib parks", are filled with various types of jumps and other obstacles. The goal of the snowboarder/skier is to use all of these to their advantage while riding down. One obstacle that can be found on most terrain parks is the jump, or "kicker." Jumps on a slopestyle course can be as big or small as needed, but most range from 20 to 80 feet long. This measurement is taken from the end of the face of the jump all the way to the tip of the landing. Another common obstacle in a terrain park is a rail or "jib". Rails come in all shapes and sizes, from long straight ones to rainbow shaped ones. Rails must be cared for extensively, as they must be waxed so that the skier/snow boarder does not "catch an edge" when they land on the rail. The snowboarder/skier tries to perform tricks onto or off the rail in combination with sliding the whole length of the rail.
Obstacles.
Similar to a rail is an obstacle called a "box". Just as it sounds, a box is literally a wooden or metal box placed on the mountain whose top is covered with a slippery material. This allows snowboarders/skiers to ride onto the box and slide the length of it back onto the snow. Although these are the most popular features at a terrain park, other possible obstacles include buses buried in the snow, barrels stuck in the snow, naturally made obstacles like small cliffs, or rails called "joy sticks", where a sphere is mounted on top of a pole. The goal of this obstacle is to hit the sphere with the tips of your skis or poles while clearing it. Also, there are "table tops", where the rail takes the form of a wide box rail or a "picnic table". This obstacle usually has a wide base and a thinner box rail on both sides. Trees and obstacles shaped like mail boxes are also used as rails. There are also wall rides, which include near vertical walls on which riders can ride up and spin.

</doc>
