<doc id="5994421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994421" title="Lego Mindstorms NXT">
Lego Mindstorms NXT

LEGO Mindstorms NXT is a programmable robotics kit released by LEGO in late July 2006.
It replaced the first-generation LEGO Mindstorms kit, which was called the Robotics Invention System. The base kit ships in two versions: the Retail Version (set #8527) and the Education Base Set (set #9797). It comes with the NXT-G programming software, or optionally LabVIEW for LEGO MINDSTORMS. A variety of unofficial languages exist, such as NXC, NBC, leJOS NXJ, and RobotC. A new version of the set, the new Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0, was released on August 1, 2009, featuring a color sensor and other upgraded capabilities. There is now a new Lego Mindstorms Robot, called the EV3.
NXT Intelligent Brick.
The main component in the kit is a brick-shaped computer called the NXT Intelligent Brick AKA(Ciara). It can take input from up to four sensors and control up to three motors, via a modified version of RJ12 cables, very much similar to but incompatible with RJ11 phone cords. The plastic pin to hold the cable in the socket is moved slightly to the right. The brick has a 100×60 pixel monochrome LCD display and four buttons that can be used to navigate a user interface using hierarchical menus. It has a 32-bit ARM7TDMI-core Atmel AT91SAM7S256 microcontroller with 256KB of FLASH memory and 64KB of RAM, plus an 8-bit Atmel AVR ATmega48 microcontroller, and bluetooth support. It also has a speaker and can play sound files at sampling rates up to 8 kHz. Power is supplied by 6 AA (1.5 V each) batteries in the consumer version of the kit and by a Li-Ion rechargeable battery and charger in the educational version.
The Intelligent Brick remains unchanged with NXT 2.0. A black version of the brick was made to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Mindstorms System with no change to the internals.
Firmware and developer kits.
LEGO has released the firmware for the NXT Intelligent Brick as open source, along with schematics for all hardware components.
Several developer kits are available that contain documentation for the NXT:
Programming.
Very simple programs can be created using the menu on the NXT Intelligent Brick. More complicated programs and sound files can be downloaded using a USB port or wirelessly using Bluetooth. Files can also be copied between two NXT bricks wirelessly, and some mobile phones can be used as a remote control. Up to three NXT bricks can communicate simultaneously via Bluetooth when user created programs are run.
The retail version of the kit includes software for writing programs that run on Windows and Mac OS personal computers. The software is based on National Instruments LabVIEW and provides a visual programming language for writing simple programs and downloading them to the NXT Brick. This means that rather than requiring users to write lines of code, they instead can use flowchart like "blocks" to design their program.
NXT-G.
NXT-G v2.0 is a graphical programming environment that comes bundled with the NXT. With careful construction of blocks and wires to encapsulate complexity, NXT-G can be used for real-world programming. Parallel "sequence beams" are actually parallel threads, so this software is quite good for running a handful of parallel sense/respond loops (example: wait 60 seconds, play a "bonk" sound at low volume if battery is low, loop), or blending autonomous control with bluetooth or other "remote control". The language supports virtual instruments for all LEGO branded and most 3rd party sensors/components. Version 2.0 contains new tutorial challenges, a remote control, custom graphics and sound designers, and new LEGO color sensor support. Community support is significant, for example: http://www.brickshelf.com/cgi-bin/gallery.cgi?f=191310
C# with Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio.
Free tools (Visual Studio Express in combination with the Robotics Developer Studio) enable programming the NXT using the C# language. Other supported languages include IronPython and VB.NET.
BricxCC, Next Byte Codes, Not eXactly C.
Bricx Command Center (BricxCC) is the integrated development environment (IDE) used to write, compile, and edit NBC and NXC programs for the NXT. Also, as BricxCC was originally made for the RCX, programs for it can be written using NQC via BricxCC.
Different firmwares can be flashed to the NXT using BricxCC.
BricxCC has many utilities such as NeXTExplorer (upload/download files, defragment the NXT, use file hex viewer), NeXTScreen (view what's on the NXT's LCD display, and capture images and video).
Next Byte Codes (NBC) is a simple open source language with an assembly language syntax that can be used to program the NXT brick. BricxCC also has the capability to decompile standard .rxe NXT executables to NBC
Not eXactly C (NXC) is a high level open-source language, similar to C, built on the NBC compiler. It can also be used to program the NXT brick. NXC is basically NQC for the NXT. It is one of the most widely used third-party programming languages for the NXT. In NXC, even creating video games for the NXT is possible. Some people have even got working grayscale on the NXT Screen.
Robolab.
Robolab 2.9
Robolab is the newer programming environment originally used on the RCX programmable brick. Version 2.9 has been updated so that it can be used to program the NXT brick. Lego has announced that it will stop officially supporting Robolab but Robolab 2.9 is still available and there are still many user forums and other sources of help available.
RoboMind.
RoboMind is educational software that is specially developed to teach students about logic, programming and robotics. The strength of RoboMind is the compactness of the learning environment, which allows to quickly develop and test scripts in a virtual environment. The scripts can then directly be transferred to a Lego Mindstorms NXT robot, to see the result in real life. RoboMind script run on the standard firmware.
Enchanting.
Enchanting brings NXT programming into the popular Scratch IDE, designed by the Lifelong Kindergarten Group at MIT to make programming intuitive even for young children. The resulting NXT programs have the compactness and clarity offered by that programming environment.
ROBOTC.
Carnegie Mellon Robotic's Academy, ROBOTC is a programming-language based on C for VEX, the new VEX Cortex, FIRST Tech Challenge, and Lego Mindstorms. ROBOTC runs a very optimized firmware which allows the NXT to run programs very quickly, and also compresses the files so that you can fit a large amount of programs into your NXT. Like other NXT languages, ROBOTC requires this firmware to be downloaded from the ROBOTC interface in order to run.
NXTGCC.
NXTGCC is a GCC toolchain for programming the NXT firmware in C.
leJOS NXT.
leJOS NXJ is a high level open source language based on Java that uses custom firmware developed by the leJOS team.
nxtOSEK.
To be able to write in C/C++, nxtOSEK can be used, but that requires custom firmware too.
ICON.
To write files on the NXT itself, ICON by Steve Hassenplug is an ideal resource.
MATLAB and Simulink.
MATLAB and Simulink Support for LEGO MINDSTORMS programming is freely available. More information found at:
LEGO MINDSTORMS Support from MATLAB and Simulink
Lua.
pbLua is a port of the Lua programming language, a general purpose scripting language, for Lego Mindstorms.
Ada.
A port of GNAT is available for the NXT. It relies on a dedicated run-time kernel based on the Ravenscar profile, the same used on the Goce satellite: this permits to use high-level Ada features to develop concurrent and real-time systems on the Mindstorms NXT.
URBI.
URBI is yet another language and is a parallel and event-driven language, with interfaces to C++/Java and Matlab. It also has a component architecture (UObject) for distribution. Urbi is compatible with many robots, including Nao (cf Robocup), Bioloid or Aibo.
FLL NXT Navigation.
FLL Nxt Navigation An open source program to help navigation on the FLL competition table. It uses NXT-G and .txt files to write programs. It is unknown if you can legally implement this in FLL competitions.
ruby-nxt.
ruby-nxt is a library to program the NXT for the Ruby programming language. Unlike the other languages for the NXT the code is not compiled to a binary file. Instead the code is directly transmitted to the NXT via a Bluetooth connection.
Robotics.NXT.
Robotics.NXT is a Haskell interface to NXT over Bluetooth. It supports direct commands, messages and many sensors (also unofficial). It has also support for a simple message-based control of a NXT brick via remotely executed program (basic NXC code included).
LibNXT.
LibNXT is a utility library for talking to the LEGO Mindstorms NXT intelligent brick at a relatively low level. LibNXT is targeted mainly at the platforms that the official Lego Mindstorms NXT software overlooks, namely Linux and other unices. It will work on any POSIX-compliant operating system where libusb 0.1 <http://libusb.sf.net/> is supported. Windows support is also possible with the win32 port of libusb.
C_NXT.
C_NXT is a library for controlling the Lego NXT licensed under the GPLv2. The library allows users to control a Lego NXT via bluetooth controller from within other C programs. The library provides both low level control and high level abstraction. Currently the library only runs on GNU+Linux.
PyNXC.
PyNXC is a project which converts Python code to "Not Exactly C" (NXC) code, to download to LEGO MINDSTORMS Robots.
NXT-Python.
NXT-Python is a python module, which communicates with the NXT via USB or Bluetooth. It supports direct commands and several aftermarket sensors.
LEGO Mindstorms EV3 Software.
The software which ships with the newer Mindstorms EV3 set can be used to program the NXT. At the moment, Bluetooth is not supported for the NXT, so programs must be downloaded via a USB cable.
Physical Etoys.
Physical Etoys is a visual programming system for different electronic devices. It supports direct mode and compiled mode.
Sensors.
The Lego Mindstorms NXT 1.0 base kit includes:
In the Lego Mindstorms 2.0 base kit, it includes: 2 Touch sensors, one Color sensor (detects several different colors), and an Ultrasonic sensor.
These parts are not included in the Lego Mindstorms NXT base kit and may be bought separately:
The sensors come assembled and programmed. In the software (see Programming above), you can decide what to do with the information that comes from the sensors (for example you can program the robot move forward until it touches something).
Lego also sells an adapter to the Vernier sensor product line. Vernier produces data collection devices and related software for use in education.
Connector.
Sensors are connected to the NXT brick using a 6-position modular connector that features both analog and digital interfaces. The analog interface is backward-compatible (using an adapter) with the older Robotics Invention System. The digital interface is capable of both I2C and RS-485 communication.

</doc>
<doc id="5994440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994440" title="Forest Mage">
Forest Mage

Forest Mage is a 2006 fantasy novel by Robin Hobb, the second in her "Soldier Son Trilogy".
Plot introduction.
The Gernian Cavalla Academy that has been established according to the King's wishes has suffered from the rivalry between the Old Lords and the King's New Lords. These are newly raised soldiers who won distinction in the push east and the conflicts with the plains people. However a new foe appears in the guise of the "Specks".
The book is written in first person, in the perspective of the main character, Nevare Burvelle.
Plot summary.
The story picks up where Shaman's Crossing left off. The Gernian Cavalla Academy is recovering from the devastating effects of Speck plague, a disease causing severe dysentery. The disease has run through the ranks of all the Academy (and civilian) population of Old Thares, killing many of the Old and New Noble soldier sons and leaving the Academy ranks severely depleted. Many who were fortunate enough to have survived the outbreak, including Nevare Burvelle's friend Spinrek "Spink" Kester, have been forced to resign from the academy and return to their homes to struggle with the long-term effects of the disease.
Cadet Burvelle also returns home, to attend his brother Rosse's wedding. Nevare continues to have dreams about a seductive Speck woman (usually referred to as "Tree Woman") whom he fought to stop the plague epidemic in the dreamworld. On the way home, he stops as a tourist to see a giant spindle-shaped monument belonging to the Kidona plains people, but the Speck magic working through him causes him to accidentally destroy it.
Unlike most of those who were affected by the plague, Nevare was not left weak and gaunt after his bout of plague; in fact, he is swiftly gaining weight. This fact is annoying but does not affect his thinking too much as he travels home expecting to meet with his betrothed, a beautiful young noblewoman, Carsina. Yet the reaction he receives on returning home brings into stark relief the physical problem that he struggles with: the Speck plague has caused him to "grow" rather than shrink and waste away. This is a virtually unknown reaction to the plague and is seen by Nevare's father, who will not listen to his excuses, as the result of gluttony.
Nevare also visits his old mentor, the Kidona warrior Dewara who introduced him to the dream world. The Kidona tribe has been reduced to a bunch of derelicts living on a reservation due to the actions of the Gernian government. Dewara also blames Nevare for being seduced by Tree Woman and destroying the Spindle, the source of Kidona magic.
Nevare's betrothal to Carsina, though informal, is cancelled. After his fruitless attempts to lose weight, Nevare is locked away by his father and his meals regulated. However, while Nevare is locked away, a plague ravages the Widevale Estate, killing many, including his mother, eldest sister and brother Rosse. Nevare and his sister Yaril survive and run the estate while their father is in mourning, but when their father recovers, he banishes and disowns Nevare. Nevare travels east toward the remote outpost Gettys.
On the way, he stops at a small settlement called "Dead Town" and helps a widow, Amzil, and her three children by doing odd jobs to make their lives easier, in exchange he gets to eat and sleep there. Nevare wants to win Amzil's trust, but she finds it hard to trust men, having had to work as a prostitute to feed herself and her children. One day, a wounded cavalla scout named Buel Hitch reaches the town and asks Nevare's assistance in getting to Gettys, to which Nevare agrees. As they leave, he uses his dormant Speck magic to create a bountiful vegetable garden for Amzil, and his Speck self comes closer to the surface. On their journey to Gettys, Nevare realises that Hitch is in a similar position to his: he is a tool of the Speck magic also.
The Gernian goal of building a highway through the forest is being blocked by Speck magic. He enlists in the army there, but only as a lowly cemetery guard, a far cry from his former goal of a cavalla officer. He works very hard and the colonel is thinking about promoting him. After a while he meets two Specks, a girl named Olikea and her father. Olikea brings Nevare food that satisfies the magic that runs through his veins. He is getting pulled between two worlds, the Gernian world and the Specks' magical forests. He does not know where to settle down and he does not wish to betray his own people. Nevare's reputation is damaged by his gross appearance and his attempts to talk to his ex-fiancee Carsina, who has moved to Gettys with her new husband. Spink Kester and Nevare's Cousin Epiny, married, are also in town, but he distances himself so as not to ruin their reputation.
One day at his way home he gets attacked and shot in the head. His horse is stolen and he is left on the ground with his head bleeding. However, he survives and the wound heals rapidly due to his magic. Unfortunately, Nevare's magic is not as strong as it could be, since he has been avoiding the Specks so he could not get the magical food that Olikea brought. The cavalla scout Buel Hitch(also a Gernian seduced by the Specks) uses the stolen horse's bridle to strangle a prostitute who was friendly with Nevare, thus framing him for murder.
As days go by, the Speck plague sweeps by the outpost of Gettys so Nevare is kept busy as cemetery guard/gravedigger. Among the dead is Carsina, who revives briefly at the cemetery and is cared for by Nevare, then dies in his bed. He is accused of necrophilia in addition to the earlier murder, and sentenced to be tortured and hanged. But fortunately for Nevare, the Tree Woman comes and frees him from his cell and impending doom. During his escape, confrontations with Spinrek and Amzil and the townspeople force Nevare to finally give in to the magic. With his magic, he gives the townspeople false memories of his death before embracing his future life in the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="5994448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994448" title="Milwaukee Air Expo">
Milwaukee Air Expo

The Milwaukee Air & Water Show is a free airshow held annually along the lakefront in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is billed as "the largest two-day event in Wisconsin," with an attendance of almost 1,000,000 people in 2012.
A predecessor to the airshow was first held at Festa Italiana in 2002 to celebrate its 25th anniversary. TCF Bank joined as the title sponsor and the Milwaukee Air & Water Show staged its first event at Veterans Park in 2004. In 2005 the Navy's Blue Angels returned to Milwaukee after six years and in 2006, the Air Force's Thunderbirds performed. The show featured many of the aviation industry's top acrobatic performers, including the U.S. Army's Golden Knights parachuting team and the Red Baron Pizza stunt flying team.
After a successful return of the air show and the USAF Thunderbirds in 2009, The air and water show continues under the leadership of President Paul A. Rogers, and Air Show Difrector Rudy Malnati, the most respected air show professional in the industry today. Mr. Malnati was also involved in the first air show in Milwaukee at General Mitchell Field in the 1970s, when the event was known as the " Berndt Buick Milwaukee Air Show." Lee Berndt, owner of the Buick dealership in Milwaukee, started the event, and also organized the first ICAS (International Council of Air shows) meeting in his garage in Milwaukee. ICAS is now the leading support organization for the air show industry. 
The USN Blue Angels returned in 2010. In 2011, the Air Force's Thunderbirds returned. The 2012 Air & Water Show, held on August 12th and 13th, featured - among others - the F22 Raptor, and the MV-22 Osprey "Tilt-Rotor"
Demo Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5994449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994449" title="Barcode World">
Barcode World

Summary.
This video game was released exclusively in Japan on December 18, 1992 for the Nintendo Family Computer. As the title suggests, it is a video game where players use a Barcode Battler II (a card-scanning handheld) together with a Nintendo-licensed Famicom-Barcode Battler interface that came packaged with the game and not sold separately. A special set of Barcode Battler cards with barcodes imprinted on them were also required to play the game including the "White Card" that enabled players to scan any barcode (especially ones found on consumer products).
"Barcode World" includes barcode cards that feature characters from many Sunsoft series, most notably "Hebereke" and "Gimmick!", however using the White Card included with the game, players were also given the ability to scan a wide range of consumer products. Released during a period of great interest in barcode-swiping games in Japan, the game dates itself as directly from the early 1990s, however the game still functions today exactly as it did then and modern products may also be scanned in order to generate new content for the game (RPG-style stats and attributes, etc.).
Legacy.
The use of the Barcode Battler unit in conjunction with the Famicom was made possible using the Famicom-Barcode Battler interface – a connector cable that came with the "Barcode World" cassette. In this way, the Famicom was given the capacity to scan external barcodes to expand gameplay for the game to include all manner of household consumer products. Soon books were released by third parties that listed in detail which consumer products had the strongest barcodes. Today, the setup has been seen as a precursor to the 2001 Nintendo e-Reader for the Game Boy Advance. The two devices are very similar in that they serve the same purpose: to scan specially designed cards with barcodes imprinted on them as the primary means of using the device. The game continues to be played today often in emulated form, and modern emulators like FCEUX feature support specifically for the unusual "Barcode World" setup.

</doc>
<doc id="5994457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994457" title="Malthonica ferruginea">
Malthonica ferruginea

Malthonica ferruginea or charcoal spider is a European reddish, rather common spider with rusty markings on its back. The body looks rather similar to "T. parietina", however the legs are much shorter and the funnel web built lacks backdoor exit. It is sometimes also considered to be of the genus "Tegenaria", where it has been placed for over 160 years before being transferred to "Malthonica" in 2005.
Females grow up to 14 mm, males up to 11 mm. The spider lives mostly near the ground, in forests and in buildings. Adults appear from May to October.
Name.
The species names "ferruginea" is derived from Latin "ferrugo" "rust".
Distribution.
This spider occurs in Europe, and on the Azores. It is recorded in the 2011 checklist of Danish spider species.

</doc>
<doc id="5994474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994474" title="University District">
University District

University District can refer to a location in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5994479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994479" title="The Very Best Of (Eagles album)">
The Very Best Of (Eagles album)

The Very Best Of (released as The Complete Greatest Hits in the UK and Australia) is a two-disc compilation album by the Eagles, released in 2003.
This album combines all tracks that appeared on the two previously released Eagles greatest hits albums "(Their Greatest Hits (1971-1975)" & "Eagles Greatest Hits, Vol. 2)", along with other singles not included on the first two compilations, album tracks and the new track "Hole in the World".
"The Very Best Of" was also released as a limited-edition three-disc set with the third disc being a bonus DVD containing the video for the new song "Hole in the World," as well as a making of the video featurette and "Backstage Pass to Farewell 1."
The album debuted on the Billboard 200 on November 8, 2003 at number 3, with 162,000 copies sold. It spent 62 weeks on the chart. The album was certified and awarded gold, platinum, and double platinum records by the RIAA on December 17, 2003, and on December 13, 2004, it achieved triple platinum status. As of December 2007, it has spent over 325 weeks in the Irish Album Charts, effectively not having left the chart since its release. In the UK the album (as The Complete Greatest Hits) entered the charts on November 1, 2003 at its initial number 27 peak position, the album did however re-enter the charts in June 2006 when it peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5994488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994488" title="Legless lizard">
Legless lizard

Legless lizard may refer to any of several groups of lizards which have independently lost limbs or reduced them to the point of being of no use in locomotion. It is the common name for the family Pygopodidae, but often refers to other groups, such as limbless anguids, depending upon the region of the world. These lizards are often distinguishable from snakes on the basis of one or more of the following characteristics: possessing eyelids, possessing external ear openings, lack of broad belly scales, and/or a very long tail (while snakes have a long body and short tail).
Many families of lizards have independently evolved limblessness or greatly reduced limbs (which are presumably non-functional in locomotion), including the following examples:
New species have been identified as recently as 2013, in California, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="5994497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994497" title="Tim Nielsen">
Tim Nielsen

Timothy John Nielsen (born 5 May 1968 in London, England) is a former South Australia state cricketer and formerly the head coach of the Australian cricket team. Nielsen played 101 first-class matches for his state between 1990–91 and 1998–99.
Tim Nielsen was confirmed as John Buchanan's replacement as the coach of Australia on 5 February 2007. Nielsen, who became the hot favourite when Tom Moody withdrew from contention, took over the role after the 2007 ICC Cricket World Cup.
Like Buchanan, Nielsen played first-class cricket in Australia but never reached international level. He played the last of his 101 games a wicketkeeper-batsman for South Australia in 1999 before he moved into coaching, first with the Redbacks and then as an assistant to Buchanan with the national team.
Nielsen, 42, is the former head coach at the Commonwealth Bank Centre for Excellence in Brisbane, where he worked with a number of the new crop of players looking to make their way into the Australia team. 
Prior to becoming coach, Nielsen said it would be a huge challenge to fill the holes left by the retirements of champions like Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath but he believed Australia could remain the world's No. 1 team regardless. "You can't replace superstars," Nielsen said. 
"You're not going to get two blokes who come in and take over their workload and their results. I think what we need to be conscious of is making sure we have 12 to 15 players coming and trying to move forward together as a group and try to replace the 1200 wickets in maybe little bits and pieces." 
His contract was due to run until the end of Australia's 2009 Ashes defence but was extended for a further two years in December 2008 to extend it until after the 2011 World Cup. However, he retired on 20 September 2011, immediately after Australia's tour of Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="5994514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994514" title="Roggenwolf (company)">
Roggenwolf (company)

Roggenwolf is an Australian-based developer of military camouflage patterns. The design group was founded by Brad Turner, a former member of the Australian Defence Force. According to Brad Turner their camouflage patterns are superior to the MARPAT, ACUPAT, CADPAT and Flecktarn patterns, though this remains unproven. Roggenwolf patterns are designed to use a mixture of micropatterns and macropatterns to create contrasting patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="5994529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994529" title="Tayfun Korkut">
Tayfun Korkut

Tayfun Korkut (born 2 April 1974) is a Turkish football manager and former player. He is the head coach of Hannover 96.
International career.
Korkut has 42 caps and 1 goal for the Turkish national team. He represented his country at the UEFA Euro 1996 and UEFA Euro 2000.
Managerial career.
Early career.
Korkut worked as a coach for Real Sociedad U19, 1899 Hoffenheim U17 and VfB Stuttgart U19 before serving as an assistant coach for the Turkish national team. He received the UEFA Pro License from the Cologne Sports Academy. 
Hannover 96.
He was appointed as the head coach of Bundesliga side Hannover 96 on 31 December 2013. He became the second Turkish Bundesliga head coach ever, after Özcan Arkoç.
Personal life.
Korkut is fluent in Turkish, German, Spanish and English.

</doc>
<doc id="5994530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994530" title="Swan Street, Melbourne">
Swan Street, Melbourne

Swan Street is a major street running through the Melbourne suburbs of Richmond, Cremorne and Burnley. The section of the street between Punt Road and Alexandra Avenue is now known as Olympic Boulevard.
Swan Street passes the Melbourne Park and Olympic Park precinct before becoming a restaurant and cafe precinct around Richmond station, including the historic Corner Hotel, followed by a retail section between Richmond and Cremorne including the Dimmey's department store, before becoming a factory seconds area towards Burnley. At 492 Swan Street was the Silverstream Manufacturing Company Pty Ltd.
The street was named after the White Swan Hotel built 1852 on the corner of Swan Street and Church Street. The eastern section of the street between Alexandra Avenue and Punt Road was Olympic Boulevard renamed in November, 2006 in tribute to the 1956 Melbourne Olympics.
The "Swan Street Bridge" still retains its name, despite the fact that it is no longer part of Swan Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5994532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994532" title="Oedogoniales">
Oedogoniales

The Oedogoniales are an order of filamentous freshwater green algae of the class Chlorophyceae. The order is well-defined and has several unique features, including asexual reproduction with zoospores that possess stephanokont flagella: numerous short flagella arranged in a subapical whorl. The oedogoniales have a highly specialized type of oogamy, and an elaborate method of cell division which results in the accumulation of apical caps. 
The order comprises one family with three genera. Some common features among these genera may be obscure. The hairs of "Bulbochaete" and the heterotrichous system "Oedocladium" are similar to Chaetophorales, with which they may share a distant relationship. Of the genus "Oedogonium" there are over 330 species, about 70 species of "Bulbochaete", and 10 species of "Oedocladium". More than half of these species are known to North America. Many of the species are used by aquarium owners.
Members of the order usually inhabit still waters such as lakes and ponds, rather than rivers and streams. The oedogoniales include free-living and epiphytic members on other algae or freshwater angiosperms.

</doc>
<doc id="5994548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994548" title="Super Destroyer">
Super Destroyer

Super Destroyer and similar may mean:
Ships.
Some ships are informally described as "super-destroyers":

</doc>
<doc id="5994555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994555" title="Stade Henri Sylvoz">
Stade Henri Sylvoz

The Stade Henri Sylvoz is a stadium primarily used for football matches in Moanda, Gabon. It is the home of the Gabonese team AS Mangasport. The stadium has capacity to 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5994564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994564" title="David Henry Lewis">
David Henry Lewis

David Henry Lewis, DCNZM (1917 - 23 October 2002) was a sailor, adventurer, doctor, and Polynesian scholar. He is best known for his studies on the traditional systems of navigation used by the Pacific Islanders. His studies, published in the book "We, The Navigators", made these navigational methods known to a wide audience and helped to inspire a revival of traditional voyaging methods in the South Pacific.
Early life.
David was born in Plymouth, England and raised in New Zealand and Rarotonga. He was sent to the Polynesian school in Rarotonga, where he apparently developed his appreciation for Polynesian identity and culture. He remained a New Zealander throughout his life, though he eventually retired to Queensland.
After an adventurous childhood and teenage years including mountaineering and skiing in New Zealand, and a multi-hundred mile kayak journey, he traveled to England in 1938 for medical training at the University of Leeds, and served in the British army as a medical officer. After the war, he worked as a doctor in London, and was involved in setting up the National Health Service.
Sailing.
With the announcement in 1960 of the first single-handed trans-Atlantic yacht race (from Plymouth, UK to the US East Coast), Lewis decided to enter in a small 25-foot boat. Following a series of accidents, including a dismasting shortly after leaving, he finished third (Francis Chichester came first), as described in his book "The Ship Would Not Travel Due West". 
He later decided to sail around the world with his second wife and two small daughters, and built the ocean cruising catamaran "Rehu Moana", for this purpose. After an initial voyage towards Greenland, he entered the 1964 single-handed trans-Atlantic race and picked up his family in the United States. They circumnavigated by way of the Strait of Magellan, the South Pacific and the Cape of Good Hope. (See his book "Daughters of the Wind".) This was the world’s first circumnavigation by multihull.
Following his longstanding interest in old navigational methods used to explore and populate the Pacific, he employed similar techniques for the Tahiti-New Zealand leg of the "Rehu Moana" voyage without using a compass, sextant or marine chronometer.
Study and literary career.
In 1967, Lewis acquired another boat, "Isbjorn", to embark on further field studies of traditional Polynesian navigation. With a research grant from the Australian National University and with his second wife, two daughters and 19-year-old son, he set out for the Pacific again to study traditional navigation techniques. While there, he was welcomed into the cultures of various Pacific Islanders, who taught him their navigational lore, heretofore largely unrecognized by those outside Polynesia. Lewis chronicled this voyage and research in various articles and in his books "We, the Navigators" and "The Voyaging Stars". 
Lewis’ voyages and resulting books gave inspiration to the revival in traditional Polynesian canoe building and voyaging, which was essentially extinct in many parts of the Pacific. 
In 1976, Lewis joined Polynesian Voyaging Society's first experimental voyage from Hawaii to Tahiti on "Hokule'a". But this voyage was marred by a clash of egos between David and the Hawaiian navigators. Nevertheless, the team successfully navigated using traditional methods to Tahiti. Lewis departed from Hokule'a in Tahiti and went on to work in his own research. 
Along with Dr. Marianne (Mimi) George, he proposed that original Polynesian navigation is still alive in the Polynesian outlier Taumako.
Lewis’ next adventure in 1972 was an attempt at circumnavigating Antarctica single-handed. For this he acquired a small steel yacht, named "Ice Bird". Facing treacherous conditions in the Southern Ocean after departing, Lewis was not heard from for 13 weeks but eventually managed to sail the "Ice Bird" to the Antarctic Peninsula under a jury rig after dismasting. Lewis was rescued by personnel from the Antarctic research outpost Palmer Station, who subsequently repaired the Ice Bird while Lewis spent the Antarctic winter in Australia. After returning eight months later, Lewis left Palmer station to complete the voyage, but that very same day was caught in a heavy ice field and had to be towed to open water by the R.V. Hero. Later, Lewis capsized again and eventually brought the boat to Cape Town, South Africa. Edited aspects of these events are described in his bestseller book, "Ice Bird".
His son, Barry, sailed the yacht back to Sydney from South Africa where it underwent extensive work to prevent further corrosion. In 1982, Dr. Lewis donated "Ice Bird" to the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, Australia.
After the "Ice Bird" voyage, Lewis was involved in setting up the Oceanic Research Foundation with the aim of sending private expeditions to the Antarctic. In a 17.4 metre (57 ft) Alan Payne designed steel yacht named "Solo" with seven other crew, Lewis made a summer expedition to Antarctica and wintered over there, 1977-78. Lewis spent some of his later years conducting research into traditional navigation techniques of the Inuit on the Bering Strait region. One obituary said of Lewis that he “always brought his crews home intact. He was a typical Polynesian sailor, getting into trouble through haste and neglect, then, with near superhuman courage and seamanship, fighting his way out of it.” 
Following this, he retired to New Zealand to write his autobiography, "Shapes on the Wind"; one of 12 books he wrote. In recognition of his various academic, adventure, sailing and anthropological endeavours, he was made a Distinguished Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit. He finally retired to Australia, and died at Gympie, Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="5994574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994574" title="Peace museum">
Peace museum


</doc>
<doc id="5994583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994583" title="Bassett's">
Bassett's

George Bassett & Co. simply known as Bassett's was a British confectionery company and is now used as a brand of Cadbury, owned by Mondelēz International. George Bassett founded the company in Sheffield in 1842, perhaps the company's best known sweets, the Liquorice Allsorts were created by accident in 1899 and in 1926 the mascot of Bassett's, Bertie Bassett was created and still continues to represent the modern brand today.
In 1989, the company was acquired by the then united Cadbury-Schweppes, brands that use the Bassett's name today include:

</doc>
<doc id="5994584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994584" title="Min Ko Naing">
Min Ko Naing

Paw Oo Tun ( ; better known by his alias Min Ko Naing, ( , lit. "conqueror of kings") is the President of Universities Student Union of Burma (Myanmar) and a leading democracy activist and dissident. He has spent most of the years since 1988 imprisoned by the state for his opposition activities. "The New York Times" has described him as Burma's "most influential opposition figure after Daw Aung San Suu Kyi".
Early life/student years.
Min Ko Naing was born in Yangon, the third son of Thet Nyunt and Hla Kyi, a Mon-Chinese couple from Mudon in Mon State. He has three sisters: Kyi Kyi Nyunt, Ye Ye Nyunt, and Thadar Nyunt.
Min Ko Naing's interest in politics began at the Rangoon Arts and Science University in the mid-1980s where he studied Zoology. During his student years, he was an active member of the arts club, where he enjoyed reading, writing poems and drawing cartoons, especially satirical ones. According to classmates, Min Ko Naing was a member of a performance troupe which took part in the traditional Than Gyat competition during Thingyan (Burma's annual Water Festival) in April. Taking the name "Goat-Mouth and Spirit-Eye", the troupe performed satirical plays and sketches satirizing Burma's military government and the lack of freedom and democracy. Though the troupe was popular, it also attracted the attention of Burmese Military Intelligence agents, who began to track Min Ko Naing's movements. Despite the illegality of forming student unions in Burma, Min Ko Naing and other students formed clandestine study groups to discuss Burma's political situation, which grew into a secret student union.
8888 Uprising and the All Burma Federation of Student Unions.
In September 1987, Ne Win voided most denominations of the kyat without warning, causing many people to lose their savings overnight. Students who saved money for tuition fees were particularly affected. The announcement led to riots at several universities. The situation was further exacerbated by the shooting of protesting student Phone Maw in a 12 March 1988 clash with police. On 16 March, Min Ko Naing organized a rally of 3,000 students on the RASU campus in which he spoke about the role of student movements in Burmese history. When the students attempted to march to the Rangoon Institute of Technology, where Phone Maw had been killed, they encountered a barbed wire barricade at Inya Lake and were attacked by riot police, resulting in several deaths and many arrests.
Shortly after this, Ne Win's government closed the universities, and the movement went underground. Min Ko Naing continued to organize protesters and circulate posters of the violence at Inya Lake. Ne Win soon agreed to step down from office, and on 7 July, many imprisoned student activists were released. The following day, Min Ko Naing and others released the first statement in the name of the new All Burma Federation of Student Unions (ABFSU), an organization that had previously been known for its struggle against British colonial rule: "We shouldn't be swayed by the release of our fellow students. We will continue to fight."The ABSFU continued to release statements by Min Ko Naing urging protests to the military government, including one calling for a general strike on 8-8-88, a number which would later become synonymous with the movement itself.
The 8-8-88 general strike drew hundreds of thousands of people to the streets of Yangon, and is widely seen as a turning point in the Burmese democracy movement. Min Ko Naing continued to speak to crowds in front of the US Embassy and Rangoon General Hospital, the sites of previous killings of protesters by Burmese government forces. He also arranged for the daughter of independence hero Aung San, Aung San Suu Kyi, to make her first speech to a crowd at Shwedagon Pagoda. Aung San Suu Kyi would go on to be elected prime minister in the 1990 general election, only to be denied office and imprisoned by the State Law and Order Restoration Council, the new military government.
The protests lasted until 18 September, at which point soldiers opened fire on the crowds, resulting in at least 3,000 deaths.
15 years political imprisonment until 2004.
Forced to go underground, Min Ko Naing continued his organizing work while moving from house to house every night to avoid arrest. After several months, he was captured along with other students. He was sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment, under Section 5(j) of the 1950 Emergency Provisions Act for instigating "disturbances to the detriment of law and order, peace and tranquility". His sentence was commuted to 10 years under a general amnesty in January 1993. He was considered a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International, which intensively campaigned for his release.
According to Amnesty International, Min Ko Naing was severely tortured and ill-treated during the early stages of his detention. His health suffered as a consequence. During his interrogation he was reportedly forced to stand in water for two weeks until he collapsed, and as a result, his left foot became totally numb. In 19 November 2004, he was released from prison, after being imprisoned for 15 years.
Second imprisonment.
Min Ko Naing was rearrested in late September 2006. Htay Kywe, Ko Ko Gyi, Pone Cho and Min Zeya were arrested along with him, in advance of Burma's 2006 national convention. In January 2007, they were released, without official explanation for either their original arrest or their sudden release.
Campaigns.
Following his release from prison, Min Ko Naing helped to found the 88 Generation Students Group, which continued to fight for democracy in Burma. From 10 October 2006 to 18 October 2006 (his 44th birthday), some of the "88 generation" students organized a nationwide campaign, “White Expression” to pressure the military government to release him and all of political prisoners. Participants wore white clothing in a show of support for the release of all political prisoners. They also organized the signature campaign to pressure the junta to release him and all political prisoners. It was started a week after Min Ko Naing and four colleagues were arrested. Many well-known artists from Myanmar (such as Ludu Daw Amar and Zarganar) signed the petition.
On 4 January 2007, the 88 Generation Students organized the "Open Heart Campaign". He said to the Irrawaddy Magazine that the campaign was to encourage the people to exercise freedom of expression. People could write to State Peace and Development Council leader senior general Than Shwe about their feelings under the military government.
The 88 Generation Students Group also conducted a “White Sunday” campaign from 11 March 2007 to 20 May 2007 to express support for family members of political prisoners. They visited the families of political prisoners in Yangon every Sunday during this period.
Political imprisonment in 2007.
He was arrested again around midnight on 21 August 2007, with other 13 leaders of the 88 Generation Students for organizing peaceful demonstrations. United States Government condemned the Burmese junta's arrest of them. On 11 November 2008 Min Ko Naing was sentenced to 65 years imprisonment, as 22 others had been for their role in the August 2007 demonstrations. On 15 November 2008 Min Ko Naing was transferred to Kengtung prison in Shan State, where isolated, bleak cells were constructed in mid-2000 for solitary confinement.
Release and Political Career.
Min Ko Naing was released along with numerous other activists on 13 January 2012, as part of a mass presidential pardon for political activists.
It is believed that he will contest the 2015 general elections, for a seat in Assembly of the Union. Many observers have said that beyond Aung Sann Suu Kyi, he and his colleagues are best suited to steer the country’s political landscape.
International recognition.
Min Ko Naing has won numerous international awards for his activism. These include the 2009 Gwangju Prize for Human Rights; the 2005 Civil Courage Prize, which he shared with Anna Politkovskaya and Munir Said Thalib; the 2000 Homo Homini Award of People In Need; the 2001 Student Peace Prize; and the 1999 John Humphrey Freedom Award, which he shared with Cynthia Maung of the Mae Tao Clinic.
In 2012, he was announced the winner of an award from the US National Endowment for Democracy, but stated his intention not to attend the ceremony in solidarity with other Burmese activists who had been denied visas.

</doc>
<doc id="5994588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994588" title="Glen Currie">
Glen Currie

Glen Allen Currie (born July 18, 1958 in Chateauguay, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger.
Selected by the 38th overall Washington Capitals in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft, Currie also played for the Los Angeles Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="5994595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994595" title="Yvan Craipeau">
Yvan Craipeau

Yvan Craipeau (24 September 1911, La Roche-sur-Yon, Vendée – 13 December 2001) was a French Trotskyist activist.
Born in La Roche-sur-Yon, he helped found a local independent Marxist organisation while still in his teens. Expelled from school, he moved to Paris and became associated with the Trotskyist group around "La Verité". In 1930 this group founded the Communist League. This considered itself an external faction of the Communist Party of France, and as such it only admitted current and former PCF members. However, this rule was relaxed and Craipeau was allowed to join in 1931. He joined the League's executive committee with responsibility for developing a youth wing. 
By 1933, he was able to organise a meeting attended by one thousand members of the youth wings of the Communist Party and the Section française de l'Internationale ouvrière. During 1933, he was Trotsky's personal secretary.
In 1936, Craipeau became a leading member of the new Internationalist Workers Party (POI). The following year, in reaction to Trotsky's "The Revolution Betrayed", he began a re-analysis of the nature of the Soviet Union. He concluded that it could not be defended, as Trotsky held, as a degenerated workers' state, but that it was a bureaucratic collectivist system - an idea he introduced to Trotskyism.
During World War II, he was pronounced unfit for duty, and attempted, with Marcel Hic, to publish "La Verité" secretly. This was difficult, and following a series of setbacks, he turned instead to work influencing the German Army.
In 1944, Craipeau was the architect of unity between three of France's four Trotskyist groups: the POI itself,the Comités Communistes Internationalistes and the Octobre group. They formed the PCI Internationalist Communist Party, and in 1946, he was elected its General Secretary. In the same year, he was also elevated to the International Secretariat of the Fourth International. However, he could not agree with the International's perspective that a crisis in capitalism was imminent, and soon after the POI sided with the International, he was expelled.
Craipeau temporarily withdrew from politics, and in 1951, he moved to Basse-Terre in Guadeloupe, where he became a school teacher and soon secretary of the National Education Federation trade union.
In 1954, Craipeau returned to mainland France, where he participated in the creation of the New Left. This fused with the Movement for the Liberation of the City to form the Socialist Left Union and, in 1960 with several groups to form the Unified Socialist Party. He remained a leading member of this party for many years, during which he wrote numerous books on left-wing politics and revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="5994620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994620" title="Cloverland, Houston">
Cloverland, Houston

Cloverland is a neighborhood located on the southside of Houston, Texas, United States.
Cloverland was the home neighborhood for Lil Flip and many other Houston rappers. In 2005, Cloverburger, a hamburger joint in the neighborhood located at 4515 Mowery Road, was the site of the T.I./Lil Flip altercation.
Education.
Primary and secondary schools.
Public schools.
Cloverland is served by the Houston ISD.
Cloverland is zoned to:
Carnegie Vanguard High School an HISD 9-12 magnet, is located near Cloverland.
Postal services.
The closest United States Postal Service post office is the Martin Luther King Post Office at 9444 Cullen Boulevard, 77051-9998.
Emergency services.
Police services.
The neighborhood is within the Houston Police Department's Southeast Patrol Division [http://www.houstontx.gov/police/cs/beatpages/southeast.htm].
The Sunnyside Storefront Station, near Cloverland, is located at 3511 Reed Road [http://www.houstontx.gov/police/substations.htm].
Fire services.
The Houston Fire Department Station 55 Sunnyside is near Cloverland at 11212 Cullen Boulevard at Selinski [http://www.houstontx.gov/fire/firestations/firestations.html].

</doc>
<doc id="5994654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994654" title="Vertically Challenged (album)">
Vertically Challenged (album)

Vertically Challenged is the debut EP from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign, only released in the U.S. and Australia, although it could be found in Virgin Megastore in Crawley, England.
The EP features the UK hit single "Random" and a remix of her limited edition white-label single "Ch Ching (Cheque 1 2)".
In the US, a limited edition was manufactured containing a bonus DVD. The limited edition was not released in Australia.
Track listing.
CD:
Limited Edition DVD:
12" Vinyl:
Side A
Side B
Side C
Side D

</doc>
<doc id="5994663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994663" title="Bryan Erickson (ice hockey)">
Bryan Erickson (ice hockey)

Bryan Lee 'Butsy' Erickson (born March 7, 1960 in Roseau, Minnesota) is a retired American ice hockey player.
Signed in 1983 as a free agent by the Washington Capitals after starring for the University of Minnesota men's ice hockey team, Erickson played parts of two seasons with the Capitals before he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings. 
He also played with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Winnipeg Jets before retiring from active professional play after the 1993–94 NHL season. Erickson resides today in Roseau pursuing business interests.
Erickson frequently played for Team USA in international hockey. He was a member of the 1982, 1986 and 1987 Ice Hockey World Championship teams as well as the 1984 Canada Cup. On September 20, 2012, he was elected to the University of Minnesota "M" Club and was celebrated as part of the 2012 inductee group at the September 22, 2012 football game in which the University of Minnesota beat Syracuse University 17-10. As an integral part of the Minnesota family, the "M" Club endeavors to uphold and enrich the great tradition of Golden Gopher Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="5994665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994665" title="Dolly mixture">
Dolly mixture

Dolly mixture is a British confection, consisting of a variety of multi-coloured fondant shapes, such as cubes and cylinders, with subtle flavourings. The mixture consists of small soft sweets and sugar-coated jellies.
The origins of the name are unknown, but some people have speculated it originated around the time of the British Raj in India. Dal or Dahl in India are a mixture of beans, peas, or legumes which are often made up of different sizes and colours. Over time the name Dhal Mixture is thought to have led to the name Dolly Mixture.
In Britain, Dolly Mix is produced under the Barratt brand, now owned by Tangerine Confectionery.
The Goon Show character Bluebottle was frequently rewarded, or able to be bribed, with a quantity of dolly mixture, jelly babies, or similar sweets.

</doc>
<doc id="5994669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994669" title="Tegenaria parietina">
Tegenaria parietina

Tegenaria parietina is a rather rare European spider with a distribution from Northern Africa to Central Asia and has also been found in Uruguay and Argentina. In the UK it is sometimes known as the cardinal spider because of the legend that Cardinal Woolsey was terrified by this species at Hampton Court.
Appearance.
Females grow up to 20mm, males up to 17mm. Legs are approximately three times longer, although some specimens have legs as large as 7.5 cm with a span between front and rear legs of 14 cm.[http://www.ferngreen.co.uk/NOCI/Seasonal_Wildlife.htm] They are reddish brown. Females can live for up to eight years, while males die shortly after mating. These spiders live mostly in buildings or walls. They look rather similar to "T. ferruginea".

</doc>
<doc id="5994671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994671" title="Secret Stash">
Secret Stash

The Secret Stash is a name given by the United States cable television channel Comedy Central to its mostly-uncensored early Sunday morning (late Saturday night) programming which generally consists of R-rated films or stand-up comedy. Examples include ' (the first movie to be shown on Secret Stash on its debut in 2003), "Dazed and Confused", "Van Wilder", "Half Baked", "Cheech and Chong's Up in Smoke", "Clerks", "Beer League", ', "Scary Movie 2", "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back"," ", and stand-up comedy performances from Lewis Black, Dave Chappelle, and Christopher Titus, among others.
The mostly-uncensored material includes the retention of words that would normally be censored on cable. Nudity is left out(with the exception of Rear Nudity), as well as some drug references. However, during the airing of Rodney Carrington's stand-up special, "Rodney Carrington: Live at the Majestic", on June 23, 2007, nudity was left intact. During Carrington's song, "Show em To Me", there were numerous shots of audience members (male and female) flashing their breasts.
Another instance of nudity came with the showing of "How High" on July 15, 2007, during the opening sequence where a topless woman was shown sleeping in Method Man's apartment.
"Drawn Together", an animated program, was sometimes shown at this time, with some nudity uncensored. Other nude scenes are still censored, with the additional caption "DVD only". 
The Stash usually airs Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and sometimes Mondays at 1:00 AM (Eastern Standard Time). 
Due to the popularity of comedian Daniel Tosh's "Tosh.0", Comedy Central has recently began to air uncut episodes of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="5994673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994673" title="Guangya">
Guangya

The Guangya (; "Expanded "was an early 3rd-century CE Chinese dictionary, edited by Zhang Yi during the Three Kingdoms period. It was later called the "Boya" (博雅; "Bóyǎ"; "Po-ya"; "Broadened [Erya") owing to naming taboo on Yang Guang (楊廣), which was the birth name of Emperor Yang of Sui. 
Zhang Yi wrote the "Guangya" as a supplement to the centuries older "Erya" dictionary. He used the same 19 chapter divisions into lexical categories, and numerous "Guangya" entries are abstract words under the first three chapters "Shigu" (釋詁 "Explaining Old Words"), "Shiyan" (釋言 "Explaining Words"), and "Shixun" (釋訓 "Explaining Instructions").
The Qing Dynasty philologist Wang Niansun spent a decade studying this dictionary, and his "Guangya shuzheng" (廣雅疏證 ""Guangya" Annotations and Proofs") is still considered the authoritative edition, in which he demonstrated the important philological principle of "looking for the ancient meaning by considering the ancient sound ... not constrained by the structure of the character" (就古音以求古義...不限形體). His preface notes the "Guangya" has 2343 entries and a total of 18,150 characters (the received text has 17,326), including corrections and emendations, which is about 5000 more than the received "Erya". The linguist Zhou Fagao edited an index (1977) to the "Guangya".

</doc>
<doc id="5994675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994675" title="Monash University Accident Research Centre">
Monash University Accident Research Centre

The Monash University Accident Research Centre (MUARC) is a research institute in the injury prevention field. The Centre is located at the Clayton Campus of Monash University in Victoria, Australia. 
The Centre was originally founded in 1987 in an effort to reduce Victoria's high road toll, but developed an international focus during the period that Ian R. Johnston was manager of the Centre (2001-2007). The MUARC has undertaken several studies to determine whether or not there is public acceptance of advertising campaigns and police enforcement of government road safety policies.
. Although MUARC is primarily known for research on road safety advertising, the Centre's charter includes safety in all modes of transport, occupational safety and health and other aspects of injury prevention. 
The Centre claims to be the largest injury prevention center in the Southern Hemisphere. Facilities at the Centre's headquarters in Clayton are also promoted as the biggest and most advanced driving simulator in Australia.
MUARC staff are drawn from the academic disciplines of medicine, epidemiology, statistics, engineering, ergonomics, psychology, policy, Asian studies and education. The Centre serves as a postgraduate school offering a Doctor of Philosophy course. MUARC does not admit students at the master's degree or undergraduate degree level.
MUARC is a World Health Organization Collaborating Centre on Violence, Injuries and Disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5994683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994683" title="Jim Ward (game designer)">
Jim Ward (game designer)

James M. Ward (born May 23, 1951), is an American game designer and fantasy author. He is most well-known for his game development and writing work for TSR, Inc., where he worked for more than 20 years.
Career.
Ward was one of the players in Gary Gygax's early Greyhawk games as Gygax developed the "Dungeons & Dragons" game. The "Dungeons & Dragons" character Drawmij was named after him; "Drawmij" is simply "Jim Ward" spelled backwards. Rob Kuntz and Ward's "Gods, Demi-Gods & Heroes" (1976) expanded the original "D&D" game by introducing gods. Ward designed "Metamorphosis Alpha" (1976), which was the first science-fantasy role-playing game, and published as TSR's fourth role-playing game. Ward co-authored "Deities & Demigods" (1980) . In the early 1980s, Ward and Rose Estes formed an education department at TSR, intended to sell classroom modules to teachers. Ward ran Kuntz's adventure "The Maze of Xaene" as the "D&D" tournament module at EastCon in 1983, although the module never saw print at TSR. Ward wrote "Greyhawk Adventures" (1988), a hardcover volume that presented new rules for the Greyhawk setting. Ward, with David Cook, Steve Winter, and Mike Breault, co-wrote the adventure scenario that was adapted into the game "Pool of Radiance". In 1989 he was inducted into the Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts & Design Hall of Fame. When TSR produced a second edition of "AD&D", Ward instituted changes such as removing assassins and half-orcs from the game, explaining in "Dragon" #154 (February 1990) that "voiding the Angry Mother Syndrome has become a good, basic guideline for all of the designers and editors at TSR, Inc"; Ward printed many upset readers' replies in "Dragon" #158. Ward can be glimpsed early in the Dragon Strike tutorial video playing the man who is slapped in the face at the king's party. Ward was eventually made the VP for Creative Services, but left TSR over disagreements about how the company's crisis involving book sales in 1996 was handled.
Ward later founded the d20 company Fast Forward Entertainment with Timothy Brown, Lester Smith, John Danovich and Sean Everett. From 2000 - 2005, he was President of Fast Forward Entertainment, an independent game development company. Ward wrote "Sete-Ka's Dream Quest" (2006), an adventure gamebook published by Margaret Weis Productions. Ward joined Troll Lord Games, writing books such as the "Towers of Adventures" (2008) boxed set and the "Of Gods & Monsters" (2009) supplement for "Castles & Crusades"; Ward also became the editor for Troll Lord's "C&C" magazine, "The Crusader Journal". Ward also wrote the horror fantasy game "Tainted Lands" (2009), based on "C&C"'s "SIEGE" system.
In 2010, Ward was diagnosed with a serious neurological disorder that required treatment at the Mayo Clinic. His friend, Tim Kask, has helped to establish a fund to help Ward offset some of the medical bills.

</doc>
<doc id="5994689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994689" title="Raymond Lindeman">
Raymond Lindeman

Raymond Laurel Lindeman (1915 – June 29, 1942) was an ecologist whose graduate research is often credited with being a seminal study in field of ecosystem ecology. He completed his PhD at the University of Minnesota with his thesis work being concerned with the history and ecological dynamics of Cedar Bog Lake, located in what is known today as the University of Minnesota's Cedar Creek Ecosystem Science Reserve in central Minnesota. While a postdoctoral researcher at Yale University with noted limnologist G. Evelyn Hutchinson, Lindeman submitted a chapter of his thesis for publication in the journal "Ecology" that outlined the Ten percent law. His manuscript was initially rejected for its generalisations but was published after Hutchinson and others were able to convince the editor of the paper's merits. This publication appeared in 1942, shortly after Lindeman's death caused by a rare form of hepatitis. 
An annual award in Lindeman's honor is given by the American Society of Limnology and Oceanography to the outstanding paper written that year by a young aquatic scientist. Raymond L. Lindeman is also honored today with a lecture series in his name in the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Behavior, University of Minnesota, as well as an informative plaque on the same University's Wall of Discovery.
Publications.
Papers published by Raymond L. Lindeman during his brief lifetime. 
Biographies.
Biographical and historical studies on Raymond L. Lindeman. 

</doc>
<doc id="5994690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994690" title="Lill Lindfors">
Lill Lindfors

Maj Lillemor "Lill" Lindfors (born 12 May 1940 in Helsinki) is a Swedish singer. Born in Helsinki, Finland she has been performing in Scandinavia with minor and major success since the 1960s. 
Career.
She debuted as a revue actress in Uddevalla in 1960 and the following year as a recording artist. In the most recent decades, Lindfors has been known in Scandinavia for her "one-woman shows" in which she mixes music with a lot of comedy. She was one of the first artists who sang "samba" in Sweden, and she was also one of the first Swedish performers who did stand-up comedy in her shows.
Lindfors's performance of "Nygammal Vals ("New, yet familiar waltz") with Svante Thuresson took second place in the 1966 Eurovision Song Contest.
She was a presenter at the 1985 Eurovision Song Contest in Gothenburg, Sweden, and was most famous for suffering a wardrobe malfunction live, during the contest, after passing through a part of the elaborate set. She later admitted it was a gag, but that it had not been rehearsed beforehand. According to author John Kennedy O'Connor's book "The Eurovision Song Contest - The Official History", the EBU was not pleased with this stunt. It remains one of the most iconic moments in the contest's history. She also performed "Musik skall byggas utav glädje" ("My Joy Is Building Bricks of Music") as the contest's major opener.
She has starred in several Swedish TV-shows which have been awarded in Montreaux.
In 1998, she became Sweden's Goodwill Ambassador to UNICEF.
Personal life.
She was married in 1969 to director Peter Wester, with whom she has one child. The couple divorced in 1973. She lives in Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="5994692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994692" title="Cressbrook">
Cressbrook

Cressbrook is a village in the Peak District National Park in Derbyshire. Before its Enclosure Act of 1762 Cressbrook did not exist. It later grew up around a textile mill complex built alongside the River Wye, first by Richard Arkwright and then later by his son Richard, JL Philips and Brother Cotton Spinners and McConnel and Company.
Until McConnel's period of ownership the village did not exist beyond a collection of buildings in the immediate vicinity of the mill. When McConnel's workforce objected to the quality of the housing available he took it upon himself to build the model village that became Cressbrook. Building started in the late 1830s and was later extended by Henry McConnel's daughter, Mary Worthington, in 1902 to include a village club, modelled on a working men's club. Cressbrook Mill went bankrupt in 1965, after which time it changed from being a private mill estate to the public village that it now is.
The Monsal Trail passes Cressbrook Mill. This walk and cycleway mostly follows the old trackbed of the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway where, from 1866 to 1959, the village of Cressbrook was served by Monsal Dale railway station. Until May 2011 the Cressbrook Tunnel (and others) were closed to walkers and cyclists for safety reasons and the Trail diverted across the River Wye next to the Mill.
Publications.
The history of Cressbrook was recently captured in the book "Behind The View — Life and times in Cressbrook, a Derbyshire Mill village". This was written by and published by the Cressbrook Community association with the help of a grant from the Local Heritage Initiative, a Countryside Agency project.

</doc>
<doc id="5994715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994715" title="The Resident Patient">
The Resident Patient

The Resident Patient is the third solo studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member Inspectah Deck. Originally put out as a mixtape, its status as an official release is somewhat contested, and it is now generally considered a "street album"—an informal album released somewhat under the radar. It was also meant to be a prelude to his album "The Rebellion"; however, since its release, Deck has announced that "The Resident Patient 2" will be coming ahead of "The Rebellion", which will be his final album.
"The Resident Patient" features production from largely underground artists Flowers Productions, Live Son, The Marksmen, Concrete Beats and Yak Ballz producer Mondee, as well as The Beatnuts member Psycho Les, Wu-Tang affiliate Cilvaringz, and Deck himself. Guesting are Masta Killa and U-God of the core Wu-Tang Clan, as well as Deck's loosely-defined Housegang crew; here, they consist of La Banga, Carlton Fisk, Hugh Hef, and Donnie Cash. The record's sound is underground, with a more New York bent than traditional Wu-Tang releases, though some tracks—especially "A Lil' Story"—are heavily reminiscent of RZA's signature sound. It was thought that RZA had produced the track because of its sound and Deck's shoutout to the producer at the beginning of the song, but Deck has confirmed it was in fact Cilvaringz, stating,
"The Resident Patient"'s release comes only three years after Inspectah Deck's previous album, "The Movement", marking the shortest time period between two of the Wu rapper's solo releases; like his previous albums, it forgoes any effort at popular success and aims for a strictly underground, street feel. Unlike his two other releases, however, its sound is more cinematic, relying on strings or horns low in the mix and synthesizers, organs or piano chords for emphasis. The subject matter also differs, shifting from enlightening street narratives to gritty boasts and scattered movie or pop culture references, including "A Lil' Story" (made up of movie titles and actors' names) and even the album's title, taking the name of a Sherlock Holmes detective story (a reference in itself, to Deck being an "Inspectah").

</doc>
<doc id="5994718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994718" title="Kornman">
Kornman

Kornman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5994727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994727" title="Cornman">
Cornman

Cornman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994751" title="The Black Magic Show">
The Black Magic Show

The Black Magic Show is the second album by the American indie rock band Elefant. It peaked at #14 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart.
The third track, "Lolita", is based loosely on the novel of the same name by Vladimir Nabokov.
Track listing.
All songs by Diego Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="5994767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994767" title="Alan J. Lacy">
Alan J. Lacy

Alan J. Lacy was the last Chairman and CEO of Sears, Roebuck and Company, which was acquired by Kmart in 2005, at which point he became Vice Chairman of that organization.
Early life and education.
Lacy earned a BS in Industrial Management from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1975 and an MBA from Emory University in 1977.
Career.
Prior to Sears, Lacy was in senior management positions with Kraft Foods and its former parent company Altria Group. Lacy has also served as a director of The Western Union Company, Sears, Roebuck and Co., Sears Holdings Corporation, Sears Canada Inc., the Economic Club of Chicago, the Lyric Opera of Chicago and the National Retail Federation. He has also served as a trustee of the Chicago Botanic Garden and the Field Museum of Natural History.
Lacy joined Sears in 1994 and served in a number of senior positions, including Chief Financial Officer, President-Credit and President-Services before being named CEO in 2000. He became CEO of Sears Holdings Corporation following the 2005 acquisition of Sears by Kmart. He was Vice Chairman prior to his departure in 2006.
In addition to the sale of Sears to Kmart, Lacy's accomplishments included the acquisition of Lands' End, the sale of Sears credit operation to Citigroup and significant restructuring actions. Despite the competitive challenges Sears faced during his five-year tenure as CEO, Sears' share price significantly outperformed the overall market and a number of key competitors (e.g. Wal-Mart and Home Depot).
He is a member of the board of directors of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and a trustee of Fidelity Funds. He is a trustee and past Chairman the board of the National Parks Conservation Association. In addition, he is Senior Adviser to Oak Hill Capital Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="5994770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994770" title="Blah Blah (album)">
Blah Blah (album)

Blah Blah EP is the second EP from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign, only released in the UK.
The lead track from the EP was "Blah Blah". The song had a music video, which was included on the DVD, however, unlike "Random" being the lead single from "Vertically Challenged", "Blah Blah" was never released as a single in its own right. It was originally due to be the follow-up to "Random" but "9 to 5" was chosen instead.
The EP also came with a bonus DVD and is individually numbered authenticating its limited printing.
Track listing.
CD
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="5994773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994773" title="House Gang">
House Gang

House Gang could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994787" title="Bonalu">
Bonalu

Bonalu (Telugu: బోనాలు ) is a Hindu Festival, Goddess Mahakali is worshiped. Bonalu is an annual festival celebrated in Twin Cities Hyderabad, Secunderabad and parts of Telangana, India. It is celebrated in the month of Ashada Masam, in July/August. Special poojas are performed for Yellamma on the first and last day of the festival. The festival is also considered a thanksgiving to the Goddess for fulfillment of vows.
"Bonam" means Bojanam or a Meal in Telugu, is an "Offering to Mother Goddess". Women prepare rice cooked with పాలు-Milk, బెల్లం-Jaggery in a New Brass or Earthen Pot adorned with వేప-Neem Leaves, పసుపు-Turmeric, కుంకుమ-Vermilion and a ప్రమిధ-Lighted Diya on the top of the Pot. Women carry the pots on their heads and make offering of బోనం-Bonam along with పసుపు-కుంకుమ;Turmeric-Vermilion, గాజులు-Bangles and చీర-Saree to the Mother Goddess across the Temples. 
Bonalu involves the worship of Kali and her various forms. Goddess is worshiped as "మైసమ్మ-Mysamma", "పోచమ్మ-Pochamma", "ఎల్లమ్మ-Yellamma", "పెద్దమ్మ-Pedamma", "Dokkalamma", "Ankalamma", "Poleramma", "Maremma", "Nookalamma" etc.,
Origin of Bonalu festival.
The festival history has started in 1813 in Hyderabad & Secuderabad regimental bazzar. Plague disease broke out in Twin Cities of Hyderabad & Secunderabad, claiming thousands of lives. Before this a military battalion of Hyderabad is deployed to Ujjain, knowing about the Plague in Hyderabad the military battalion prayed to the Mother Goddess in Mahankaal Temple - Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, that if people were saved from the epidemic they would install the idol of Mahankali back in their city. It is believed that Mahākālī destroyed the disease and keeps pestilence at arms length. Military Battalion came back to the city & installed an Idol and every year people offered Bonalu to Mother Goddess Mahankali.
Other version also includes the mythological story and belief that revolves around the festival, says that this is the time when Goddess Mahakali comes back to her parental home, in Ashada Maasam or the period from late June to August. Like daughters are much pampered in their parental homes.
The Ritual.
Bonalu is celebrated in various parts of the city. On the first Sunday of 'Aashaadam', celebrations are held at the temple at Golconda Fort. On the second Sunday, at Ujjaini Mahakali Temple in Secunderabad and Balkampet Yellamma temple in Balkampet, and the third Sunday, at the Matheswari temple of Lal Darwaza in Old City of Hyderabad. Akkanna Madanna temple in Haribowli, Muthyalamma temple in Shah Ali Banda are among other temples where Bonalu are celebrated. Every year, lakhs of devotees congregate to pay obeisance to Mahankali.
On this special occasion women dress up in the traditional Sari combining it with jewels and other accessories. Teenage Girls wear Half-Sarees/Lehenga Choli combining it with jewels in order to bring out the traditional grace of the attire.
Some Tranced women dance with balancing pots (Bonam), to the rhythmic beats of drums in honour of the local Goddess. To ward off evil spirits, in olden days, people used to sacrifice a male buffalo in front of the temple, but now, roosters are sometimes sacrificed.
Women carrying Bonalu are believed to possess the spirit of Mother Goddess, and when they go towards the temple, people pour water on their feet to pacify the spirit, who, by nature, is believed to be aggressive.
Every group of devotees offer a "తొట్టెలు | Thottelu" (a small colorful, paper structure supported by sticks), as a mark of respect.
It is believed that the Goddess comes back to her maternal home during Ashada Maasam, so people come to see her and bring offerings of food to show their love and affection, just as they would prepare a special meal when their own daughters visit them.
Pothuraju.
"Pothuraju", the brother of Mother Goddess, is represented in the procession by a well-built, bare-bodied man, wearing a small tightly draped red dhoti and bells on his ankles, and anointed with turmeric on his body and vermilion on his forehead. He dances to resounding drums.
He always dances before the "ఫలహారం బండి | Palaharam Bandi", the procession. He is considered the initiator of the festivities and the protector of the community. He leads the tranced female dancers who are under spell of the Mother Goddess (known as "shigam") to the temple, with lashing whips and emerald neem leaves (margosa) tied around their waists, accompanied by trumpets and drums.
The Feast.
Bonalu is a festival of offering to the Mother Goddess and families share the offering with family members and guests. A non-vegetarian family feast follows after the offering. 
The festival environment is quite palpable in the locality celebrating the festival, with loud-speakers playing Mother Goddess songs in folk style, and streets are decorated with neem leaves.
Rangam.
"రంగం-Rangam", or "Performing the Oracle", is held the next morning of the festival. A Women standing atop of an earthen pot ‘invoked’ goddess Mahankali onto her and performs the custom. She foretells the year ahead when devotees ask about the future. This takes place before the procession is started.
Ghatam.
"ఘట్టం-Ghatam" is a copper pot, decorated in the form of mother goddess. The Ghatam is carried by a priest, who wears a traditional "Dhoti" and body with smeared in turmeric . The Ghatam is taken into procession from first day of the festival till last day, when it is immersed in water . The Ghatam in usually accompanied by drums. ashish atul.
ఘట్టం-Ghatam is followed after రంగం-Rangam. The festival concludes with immersion of "Ghatam". The ghatam of Haribowli's Akkanna Madanna Temple leads the procession, placed atop an elephant and accompanied by mounted horses and models depicting Akkanna and Madanna. It ends in the evening with a glittering procession and display followed by immersion of ghatams at Nayapul.
A carnival-like atmosphere, where thousands of pe wait along the main streets of Laldarwaza to Nayapul and watch the exquisitely and elaborately decorated "Ghatams". Young men dance in a unique style to the drum beats and folk songs alongside Pothuraju, dress-up in various mythological roles.
The Ghatams of the Secunderabad City (Lashkar)include Ujjaini Mahakali & Mahadevi Pochamma at Karbala Maidan, Dokkalamma at Himam Bavi, Muthyalamma at Kalasiguda, Nallagutta, Pan Bazar, Chilkalguda, Uppara Basthi, Kummariguda, Regimental Bazar and Bhoiguda, etc.
The Ghatams of the Old city procession include the Mahankali temples in Haribowli Akkanna-Madanna, Laldarwaza, Uppuguda, Miralam Mandi and Kasaratta, the Jagadamba temple of Sultanshahi, Bangaru Mysamma temple of Shalibanda, Alijah Kotla and Gowlipura, and Sultanshahi, Darbar Mysamma of Aliabad, Mysamma Temple of Boggulkunta (FGP) and Mutyalamma temple of Chandulal Bela.

</doc>
<doc id="5994801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994801" title="Frigate (album)">
Frigate (album)

Frigate is the fourteenth studio album by the Canadian rock band April Wine, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
The album was re-released in 2007 under its original name. Note that "Tonight Is a Wonderful Time to Fall in Love" is a re-work of the single from an earlier album, 1975's "Stand Back". "Frigate" also included two cover songs: Willie Dixon's "I Just Want to Make Love to You", and Steve Winwood's "I'm A Man".
The ship featured on the album cover is the HMCS Antigonish (K661).
Track listing.
All tracks written by Myles Goodwyn unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Keyboards by: Jean St. Jacques 

</doc>
<doc id="5994810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994810" title="X-200 mine">
X-200 mine

The X-200 was a U.S. incendiary landmine locally improvised during the Korean War. 
The X-200 consisted a salvaged oil can filled with napalm and fitted with a black powder bursting charge. The mine was either command-detonated or set off by trip wires. The mines were widely deployed with a report from March 1952 stating that over 11,000 had been produced and 800 had been issued that month.

</doc>
<doc id="5994818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994818" title="Henry Bethune">
Henry Bethune

Henry Bethune may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994828" title="Dennis Yu">
Dennis Yu

Dennis Yu Yun-kong (余允抗_ is a Hong Kong film director active in the 1980s, and a crucial member of Hong Kong New Wave. He is most famous for directing horror movies. "The Imp" (兇榜, 1981), Yu's horror movie with strong influence of Roman Polanski, is widely regarded as a forerunner of haunted-house movie in Hong Kong. 

</doc>
<doc id="5994837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994837" title="Richard Bethell">
Richard Bethell

Richard Bethell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994872" title="Tegenaria atrica">
Tegenaria atrica

Tegenaria atrica ("atri" - dark, feral, from "atrium") is one of the biggest spiders of Central and Northern Europe. Females grow up to 1.8 cm, males up to 1.5 cm. Adult males can be found from July to October, adult females occur all year. In UK, it is colloquially referred to as the dust spider or the dustbunny spider for their fondness of building webs around dustbunnies under furniture or behind stock.
Description.
The two sexes do not differ in coloration or markings. Its coloration is mainly dark brown. On its sternum is a lighter marking, with three light spots on each side. The opisthosoma features a lighter middle line with six "spots" on each side. In contrast to other species in the genus "Tegenaria", "T. atrica" and the smaller "T. picta" have uniformly colored legs. In other species, the legs are annulated or spotted. In females, the legs are up to twice the body length, in males even three times. They are able to achieve speeds of up to 50 cm/s for short distances.
Its eight eyes are of equal size and are arranged in two rows. As the eyes contain fewer than 400 visual cells, "T. atrica" can probably only distinguish light and dark.
Biology.
"T. atrica" often builds its funnel web in undisturbed corners. The web does not contain glue, and if an animal gets entangled in the web, the spider runs towards it, crushes the animal to a pulp, which is then digested.
"T. atrica" normally lives for two or three years, but lifetimes of up to six years have been observed. While the female only leaves its nest to feed, the male can be found wandering about during the mating season from June to October.
At least 60 spiderlings emerge from an egg sac. Unusual for spiders, they are subsocial at this stage: they remain together for about a month, but do not cooperate in prey capture. The amount of cannibalism correlates with the amount of available food. "T. atrica" molts seven or eight times before reaching the immature adult state, and after a final molt reaches maturity.
The "Tegenaria atrica" fear humans and they are more runners than hunters if a human comes close. 
<br clear=left>
Distribution.
"T. atrica" is found in Europe up to Central Asia and Northern Africa.
In the last few years the spider has been found in several European countries, like Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. It is recorded in the checklist of Danish spider species.
It was introduced to North America, where it is now established.
Its original habitat consists mostly of caves, or dry forests where it is found under rocks, but is a common spider in people's homes.
References.
Experimental Group-Living Young of "Tegenaria atrica". "Archives of Insect Biochemistry and Physiology" "42"': 188-197.

</doc>
<doc id="5994875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994875" title="Isaac Cathcart">
Isaac Cathcart

Isaac Cathcart (1845–1909) was a well-known businessman and Snohomish County, Washington, pioneer.
Cathcart was born in county Fermanagh, Ireland, in 1845. He was the son of Isaac F. and Charlott (Bushfield) Cathcart.
He migrated to the Pacific Northwest, settling in the area now called Cathcart after him. There, he was a local logger, hotel-keeper and city treasurer. He ran the Snohomish Exchange Hotel. He was one of the organizers of the Snohomish Skykomish and Spokane Railway and Transportation Company in 1891. His large land holdings were purchased by George Hillman who platted and sold the lots, eventually creating the town of Clearview. He was involved in an action in the Washington Supreme Court in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="5994898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994898" title="Bob Ringma">
Bob Ringma

MGen Robert "Bob" Ringma (30 June 1928 – 31 March 2014) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997. By career, he was a soldier for the Canadian Forces.
Born in Richmond, British Columbia, Ringma served in the Canadian Forces, serving during the Korean War. He attained the rank of Major General before leaving the military in 1983. His military experiences in Korea, particularly with the Mobile Laundry and Bath Unit (MLBU), are recounted in his book "MLBU Full Monty in Korea" (ISBN 1-894263-85-5).
He was elected in the Nanaimo—Cowichan electoral district for the Reform Party in the 1993 general election. In 1996, he attracted controversy when he stated in a newspaper interview that store owners should be free to move gays and blacks "to the back of the shop", or even to fire them, if the presence of that individual offended a bigoted customer. Ringma was suspended from the Reform Party caucus for several months after fellow MP Jan Brown spoke out against the prominence of extremist views in the party (although Brown herself was also suspended.)
Ringma left politics after serving in the 35th Canadian Parliament and retired to Thetis Island, British Columbia.
Ringma had three children with his wife Paula MacDowell. He died on 31 March 2014, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="5994907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994907" title="Gary Inness">
Gary Inness

Gary George Inness (born May 28, 1949) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender and teacher.
Playing career.
Signed as a free agent in 1973 by the Pittsburgh Penguins, Inness would play for parts of almost three seasons in Pittsburgh before he was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers. After his stint with the Flyers, he would play for two season in the World Hockey Association with the Indianapolis Racers. After returning to the NHL he signed with the Washington Capitals, where he played for parts of three seasons before retiring at the end of the 1980–81 NHL season.
Post-Hockey Career.
Inness worked as a teacher, and then a guidance Councillor at Barrie North Collegiate Institute up until early 2010, after which he retired. He was well known for his involvement with coaching in the school, and remains an important part of its history. To this day he still helps coaching the Junior and Senior football teams in his own time.

</doc>
<doc id="5994919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994919" title="XM-54 mine">
XM-54 mine

The XM-54 was an experimental U.S. incendiary landmine tested during the Vietnam War. It was a large bounding mine that could either be command detonated or trip wire activated. It contained 15.3 lbs (6.9 kg) of plasticised white phosphorus. Approximately 200 were shipped to Vietnam in August 1968, and some were used operationally.

</doc>
<doc id="5994926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994926" title="Wisconsin Highway 15">
Wisconsin Highway 15

State Trunk Highway 15 (STH 15, commonly known as Highway 15 or WIS 15) is a state highway running east–west across east-central Wisconsin. The route exists entirely within Outagamie County. Highway 15 provides a "shortcut" to Appleton from U.S. Highway 45 for travelers inbound from points north and west. Most of it was once part of US 45, which was redirected south of New London to bypass Appleton and provide direct access to Oshkosh and points south.
Route description.
WIS 15 begins at the junction of US 45 and CTH T southeast of New London as a two-lane road and heads southeast to Hortonville The route then continues southeast into Greenville where it becomes a multilane expressway just northwest of the village. The highway intersects WIS 76 in Greenville then continues southeast for one mile (1.6 km) before turning east at the junction with CTH CB. WIS 15 then junctions with US 41 where it ends and Northland Ave and CTH OO begins in the town of Grand Chute, just northwest of Appleton. The route between US 45 and Industrial Park Avenue west of Hortonville and from Greendale Rd east of Hortonville to Julius Drive west of Greenville now has centerline rumble strips. WIS 15 provides access to Time Warner Cable Field at Fox Cities Stadium
History.
This is the third iteration of the route number. The first iteration followed present day US 41 from the Illinois border to Marinette via Milwaukee, Fond du Lac, Appleton and Green Bay. The second is the more well-known alignment following the present day Interstate 43 from the Hale Interchange in Milwaukee to Interstate 90 in Beloit as the Rock Freeway. From the Hale Interchange, This iteration followed Interstate 894 northward then turned east onto National Avenue and ending in downtown Milwaukee.
Previously, the current Highway 15 route was US 45 - which turned south at its intersection with WIS 76. WIS 76 continued straight on to intersect with Wisconsin Avenue (then U.S. Highway 10) at the north entrance road to the Fox River Mall in Appleton. The road was realigned as part of a large project that realigned US 10 and US 45. Essentially, the road south of Greenville became an extension of WIS 76 and Highway 15 is now the sole route number on the current stretch.
Future.
The highway is currently being studied for expansion by WisDOT. This includes possible bypass options of Hortonville and capacity expansion. The limits of the study are from US 45 in New London to WIS 76 in Greenville (where the current multilane expressway begins)

</doc>
<doc id="5994934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994934" title="Blind Willie">
Blind Willie

"Blind Willie" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5994940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994940" title="William Blythe">
William Blythe

William (Bill, Billy) Blythe is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5994947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994947" title="Rin'">
Rin'

Rin' was a Japanese pop group which combines traditional Japanese musical instruments and style with elements of modern pop and rock music. It is a female trio of Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music alumni who graduated in 2003. The band made their performing debut in December 2003, at Meguro Gajoen, and in April 2004, their first single, called "Sakitama," was released by avex trax.
Chie Arai and Mana Yoshinaga play "koto", "sangen", and "jushichi-gen", while Tomoca Nagasu plays "biwa" and "shakuhachi". All three perform vocals.
According to the band's website, the name Rin' comes from the English word 'ring', the Japanese word "Wa" (和, meaning both 'ring' and 'Japanese-style'), and from the trio's hope to create a 'ring', or circle, of music.
Since their debut, the band has performed in many venues around the world, and have released four singles and several albums. A number of their songs have been used as themes for anime and movies, most notable is Fuhen used in the Samurai 7 anime. .
Their chief international album, "Inland Sea", was released worldwide: in Europe and the United States on April 25, 2006 and in Japan on August 30, 2006, featuring guest performances by Leigh Nash and Lisa Loeb.
According to the band's website, as of 13 February 2009, Rin' had put an end to their activities and decided to disband.

</doc>
<doc id="5994960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994960" title="Dax McCarty">
Dax McCarty

Michael Dax McCarty (born April 30, 1987 in Winter Park, Florida) is an American footballer who currently plays for New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College.
McCarty played college soccer at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 2004-05. He appeared in 45 games in two years, scoring 4 goals and assisting on 11. In 2005 he was named the All-ACC first team. He also played in the USL Premier Development League for his hometown club, Ajax Orlando Prospects.
Professional.
Opting to forego his last two years at North Carolina, he was drafted in the first round, 6th overall, of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. McCarty made his MLS debut in the 85th minute in a 3-0 loss against Chivas USA on July 1, 2006. Dax had his best season as a professional in 2007 making his first start against the Los Angeles Galaxy in a 2-1 victory on April 12, 2007. He also scored his first career MLS goal against the Galaxy on September 23, 2007. He finished the 2007 regular season leading the team with seven assists. In 2008, McCarty appeared in 17 games making eight starts for FC Dallas while recording two assists. He underwent sports hernia surgery in Germany on May 15, 2008 which limited his play during the season. McCarty played an important role in the FC Dallas 2009 season, sitting in central midfield as a deep playmaker. During the 2010 season McCarty was once again a key player for FC Dallas helping the club reach MLS Cup 2010.
On November 24, 2010, McCarty was selected by the Portland Timbers as their first pick in the 2010 MLS Expansion Draft, and then immediately traded with allocation money to D.C. United for Rodney Wallace and a fourth-round pick in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft. McCarty was quickly selected as captain of United and appeared in 13 league matches. However, on June 27, 2011, McCarty was traded to the New York Red Bulls in return for Dwayne De Rosario.
McCarty became an instant starter for New York in central midfield upon his arrival at the club. During the 2012 season McCarty had a breakout season for New York playing as a holding midfielder. He made 33 league appearances for the club and scored three goals and set up three others. In 2013 McCarty continued his fine play for New York as he made 30 league appearances and scored four goals in helping the club to its first major title the 2013 MLS Supporters' Shield.
International.
McCarty was named to the United States U-20 men's national soccer team for the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
He was named to the roster of the United States U-23 men's national soccer team for the 2008 CONCACAF Men Pre-Olympic Tournament in March 2008. He played in every match for the U-23 squad and was named to the All Tournament Team with teammates Maurice Edu and Freddy Adu. He was also voted to the "2008 Best XI" as a midfielder by the CONCACAF Technical Study Group.
McCarty received his first international cap with the United States men's national team as a late substitute for Michael Bradley during the international friendly between Slovakia and the United States on November 14, 2009. He earned his second cap four days later in a match against Denmark. In 2010 McCarty played the last thirteen minutes in a friendly against Honduras.
2011 looked to be the beginning of a more consistent McCarty role with the national team as he was called up by Coach Bob Bradley to participate in the January Camp and then led the team as captain in their match 
against Chile, which resulted in a draw.
Career statistics.
Updated April 21, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="5994970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994970" title="Cheam Peak">
Cheam Peak

Cheam Peak or Mount Cheam (pronounced and in English, in Halqemeylem, the local indigenous language, referring to the lowland below. The Halqemeylem name for the mountain is Lhílheqey - "Theeth-uhl-kay" - from the word "Lhelqey" - "glacier" or "rehydrate", referring to the west ridge of the peak).
Description.
Cheam's structure is pyramidal, with north, northwest, south and east faces. While the north face is the steepest, the northwest face is also sheer. A prominent spur ending in the sub peak called "Red Pyramid" or "Red Tower" () divides the two northern faces. The western ridge divides the northwest and south faces; below the gently sloping south face is the subalpine bowl of Spoon Lake. The southeast ridge ascends from the col with Lady Peak, two km to the southeast; Jones Lake is below the east face. A sharp ridge divides the east and north faces.
Cheam is the farthest northerly peak of a small group of peaks forming a local subrange, the Cheam Range, a small group of peaks forming a local subrange of the Skagit Range of the Canadian Cascades mountains (which are the Canadian extension of the North Cascades of Washington). It dominates the eastern Fraser Valley, rising above Bridal Falls and Agassiz just east of Chilliwack, British Columbia. It and three sister peaks form a group known as the Four Sisters or Four Brothers, which are part of the mountain wall framing the Lower Mainland; though visible from as far away as Vancouver Island on a clear day, like Cheam does for the Eastern Valley, they are a dominant part of the mountain skyline of Mission and the communities of Hatzic, Dewdney and Deroche. Behind them is Wahleach Lake, which begins at the east foot of Cheam and lies in a high-altitude valley ringed by the Cheam Range. The far east ridge of Cheam is not alpine and is heavily forested and is pierced by the BC Hydro diversion tunnel to Wahleach Powerhouse, which is in the area of the Trans-Canada Highway that Cheam first becomes visible coming from the east. A few miles east along the highway the highway's course diverts around the foot of another mountain.
History.
Cheam Peak was part of the oral history of the peoples. The Halkomelem name for the peak, "Theeth-uhl-kay," means "the source" or "the place from which the waters spring." For the Sto:lo, the peak is the "mother mountain" or old woman overlooking her children dwelling in the valley. Lady Peak, to the south is the old woman's dog. "Cheam," the official name of the peak, is said to be the Halkomelem word for "wild strawberries," though the British Columbia Geographical Names Office description says that name is a reference to the lowland below. This describes the ridge that includes Cheam and Lady Peaks, and the lower slopes around Spoon Lake and upper Airplane Creek.
The first recorded ascent of the mountain was in 1888 by A. O. Campbell, Ebe B. Knight and party.
Climbing history.
The north face, plunging to the valley floor, has rarely been climbed. However, an easy trail provides access to the summit from a subalpine bowl to the southwest.
Hiking.
The trailhead to Cheam Peak, is via decommissioned logging roads accessible from Chilliwack Lake Road on the south side of Cheam. Access with a four wheel drive vehicle is recommended. From the trailhead, a trail leads through subalpine meadows and then ascends, moderately steeply, to the peak. The summit offers views of the Fraser Valley to the north and west and of the Cheam Range and North Cascade mountains to the south.
One can also access Lady Peak via a route that begins about halfway up the Cheam Peak Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="5994990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5994990" title="Delta Waterfowl Foundation">
Delta Waterfowl Foundation

Delta Waterfowl Foundation is a non-profit organization operating in both Canada and in the United States whose mission is to provide knowledge, leaders and science-based solutions that efficiently conserve waterfowl and secure the future for waterfowl hunting. [http://www.deltawaterfowl.org/home/mission.php]
History.
In the 1930s James Ford Bell, sportsman and founder of General Mills, purchased 5,000 acres (20 km²) of the Delta Marsh in Manitoba, Canada. For several years Bell hunted waterfowl on the marsh in the fall and raised and released waterfowl in the spring and summer from a privately owned hatchery.
In 1938, Bell approached Aldo Leopold, who is considered to be the father of wildlife management in the United States, about establishing a research station dedicated to waterfowl research at the Delta Marsh as very little was known at that time about waterfowl biology. After some discussion, Aldo Leopold agreed to Bell’s idea and brought in his graduate student Hans Albert Hochbaum from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 
Hochbaum completed his graduate work at the Delta Marsh on canvasback ducks and continued on to become the Scientific Director of the Delta Waterfowl and Wetlands Research Station.
Today.
Today Delta Waterfowl Foundation supports graduate research on waterfowl (Master’s degree and Ph.D.) along with other programs focused on waterfowl populations and waterfowl hunting in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5995015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995015" title="Holtwood Dam">
Holtwood Dam

Holtwood Dam (also Holtwood Hydroelectric Dam, Holtwood Hydroelectric Plant, McCalls Ferry Dam) is the oldest of three major dams built across the lower Susquehanna River, and the middle location of the three. It was constructed as the McCalls Ferry Dam between 1905 and 1910 by the Pennsylvania Water & Power Company. The dam was renamed Holtwood in honor of two company executives. PW&P merged with the current owner of the dam, Pennsylvania Power & Light (PPL), in 1955.
Holtwood hydroelectric plant.
The Holtwood Hydroelectric Plant produces 109 Megawatts of power, using 10 turbine driven generators. The dam consists of a main concrete dam, which is mostly one continuous spillway, with a power house at the eastern end. The water level is raised by wooden flash boards and inflatable dam sections. 
The western end of the dam has the original, and ineffective, fish ladder. In the mid 1990s, construction started on a fish lift. The fish lift and dam were damaged by heavy rain and rapid snowmelt from the severe 1996 flood in January of that year. The new fish lift was completed in time for the 1997 season and began lifting american shad and other migratory fish species.
The Kingsbury thrust bearing of Holtwood's Generator No. 5 is designated an International Historic Mechanical 
Engineering Landmark. Previously used roller bearings would last about 2 months under the generator's 220 ton load, but the Kingsbury bearing has been in use since 1912.
The impounded water, Lake Aldred, was originally dredged for anthracite coal silt, or "fines", washed downstream from the coal mining regions of Pennsylvania. This coal was used in the adjacent Holtwood Steam Generator station. When Safe Harbor Dam was built upstream, its impoundment was then "mined" for coal as well. More efficient primary mining upstream reduced the availability of fines, and 1972 environmental laws made the dredging impractical, so coal was brought in by train.
Expansion project.
In 2008, PPL announced plans to expand the plant with a second powerhouse.
PPL received the approval to add the second powerhouse in November 2009 from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Expansion of the plant started in 2010. Preliminary construction began in January 2010, with full construction beginning in April 2010. The project is scheduled for a spring 2013 completion date. The second powerhouse is expected to add 125 MW of additional capacity.
One worker has already been killed during construction of the second powerhouse. Bruce Hardy, 59, of Bainbridge, Lancaster County, died after being crushed between a wall and an excavator bucket.
The area below the dam is popular with whitewater kayakers, with eleven named hydraulic features. PPL plans to expand the dam are being challenged by this group.

</doc>
<doc id="5995038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995038" title="Daniel Payne">
Daniel Payne

Daniel Alexander Payne (February 24, 1811 – November 2, 1893) was an American bishop, educator, college administrator and author. He became the sixth bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Church (AME) (1852–1893) and was a major shaper of it in the 19th century, stressing education and preparation of ministers and the introduction of more order in the church. He was one of the founders of Wilberforce University in Ohio in 1856. In 1863 the AME Church bought the college; chosen to lead it, Payne became the first African-American president of a college in the United States and served in that position until 1877. 
By quickly organizing AME missionary support of freedmen in the South after the Civil War, Payne gained 250,000 new members for the AME Church during the Reconstruction era. Based first in Charleston, he and his missionaries founded AME congregations in the South down the East Coast to Florida and west to Texas. In 1891 Payne wrote the first history of the AME Church, a few years after publishing his memoir.
Early life and education.
Daniel Payne was born free in Charleston, South Carolina, on February 24, 1811, of African, European and Native American descent. His parents London and Martha Payne were part of the "Brown Elite" of free blacks in the city. Both died before he reached maturity. While his great-aunt assumed Daniel's care, the Minors' Moralist Society assisted his early education. Payne was raised in the Methodist Church like his parents. He also studied at home, teaching himself mathematics, physical science, and classical languages. In 1829, at the age of 18, he opened his first school.
After the Nat Turner Rebellion of 1831, South Carolina and other southern states passed legislation restricting the rights of free people of color and slaves. They enacted a law on April 1, 1835, which made teaching literacy to free people of color and slaves illegal and subject to fines and imprisonment. With the passage of this law, Payne had to close his school. 
In May 1835, Payne sailed from Charleston to Philadelphia in search of further education. Declining the Methodists' offer, which was contingent on his going on a mission to Liberia, established as a colony for free blacks from the United States, Payne studied at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg in Pennsylvania. Payne never worked as a Lutheran priest. One source claims he had to drop out of school because of problems with his eyesight. Another source claimed no congregation called him and the Lutheran Church told him to work through the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Marriage and family.
Payne married in 1847, but his wife died during the first year of marriage from complications of childbirth. In 1854, he married again, to Eliza Clark of Cincinnati.
Career in AME Church.
By 1840, Payne started another school. He joined the African Methodist Episcopal Church (AME) in 1842. He agreed with the founder, Richard Allen, that a visible and independent black denomination was a strong argument against slavery and racism. Payne always worked to improve the position of blacks within the United States; he opposed calls for their emigration to Liberia or other parts of Africa, as urged by the African Colonization Society and supported by some free blacks. 
Payne worked to improve education for AME ministers, recommending a wide variety of classes, including grammar, geography, literature and other academic subjects, so they could effectively lead the people. In the ensuing decades' debates about "order and emotionalism" in the African Methodist Church, he sided consistently with order.
The AME's first task was "to improve the ministry; the second to improve the people". At a denominational meeting in Baltimore in 1842, Payne recommended a full program of study for ministers, to include English grammar, geography, arithmetic, ancient history, modern history, ecclesiastical history, and theology. At the 1844 AME General Conference, he called for a "regular course of study for prospective ordinees", in the belief they would lift up their parishioners. In 1845 Payne established a short-lived AME seminary, and succeeded in gradually raising the educational preparation required for ministers. 
Payne also directed reforms at the style of music, introducing trained choirs and instrumental music to church practice. He supported the requirement that ministers be literate. Payne continued throughout his career to build the institution of the church, establishing literary and historic societies and encouraging order. At times he came into conflict with those who wanted to ensure that ordinary people could advance in the church. Especially after expansion of the church in the South, where different styles of worship had prevailed, there were continuing tensions about the direction of the denomination. 
Bishop and college president.
In 1848, Bishop William Paul Quinn named Payne as the historiographer of the AME Church. In 1852, Payne was elected and consecrated the sixth bishop of the AME denomination. He served in that position for the rest of his life. 
Together with Lewis Woodson and two other African Americans representing the AME Church, and 18 European-American representatives of the Cincinnati Methodist Episcopal Conference, Payne served on the founding board of directors of Wilberforce University in Ohio in 1856. Among the trustees who supported the abolitionist cause and African-American education was Salmon P. Chase, then governor of Ohio, who was appointed as Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court by President Abraham Lincoln. The denominations jointly sponsored Wilberforce in 1856 to provide collegiate education to African Americans. It was the first historically black college in which African Americans were part of the founding. 
Wilberforce was located at what had been a popular summer resort, called Tawawa Springs. It was patronized by people from Cincinnati, including abolitionists, as well as many white planters from the South, who often brought their mistresses of color and "natural" (illegitimate) multi-racial children with them for extended stays. 
In one of the paradoxical results of slavery, by 1860 most of the college's more than 200 paying students were mixed-race offspring of wealthy southern planters, who gave their children the education in Ohio which they could not get in the South. The men were examples of white fathers who did not abandon their mixed-race children, but passed on important social capital in the form of education; they and others also provided money, property and apprenticeships. 
With the Civil War, the planters withdrew their sons from the college, and the Cincinnati Methodist Conference felt it needed to use its resources to support efforts related to the war. The college had to close temporarily because of these financial difficulties. In 1863, Payne persuaded the AME Church to buy the debt and take over the college outright. Payne was selected as president, the first African-American college president in the United States. The AME had to reinvest in the college two years later, when a southern sympathizer damaged buildings by fire. Payne helped organize fundraising and rebuilding. White sympathizers gave large donations, including $10,000 donations each from founding board member Salmon P. Chase and a supporter from Pittsburgh, as well as $4200 from a white woman. The US Congress passed a $25,000 grant for the college to aid in rebuilding. Payne led the college until 1877. Payne traveled twice to Europe, where he consulted with other Methodist clergy and studied their education programs. 
In April 1865, after the Civil War, Payne returned to the South for the first time in 30 years. Knowing how to build an organization, he took nine missionaries and worked with others in Charleston to establish the AME denomination. He organized missionaries, committees and teachers to bring the AME church to freedmen. A year later, the church had grown by 50,000 congregants in the South. 
By the end of the Reconstruction era in 1877, AME congregations existed from Florida to Texas, and more than 250,000 new adherents had been brought into the church. While it had a northern center, the church was strongly influenced by its expansion in the South. The incorporation of many congregants with different practices and traditions of worship and music styles helped shape the national church. It began to reflect more of the African-American culture of the South.
Payne died on November 2, 1893, having served the AME Church for more than 50 years.
Legacy and honors.
The historian James T. Campbell wrote of Payne in his "Songs of Zion: The African Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States and South Africa" (1995): "No single individual, with the possible exception of Richard Allen himself, did more to shape the trajectory and tone of African Methodism." 
External links.
Payne, Daniel, "Recollections of Seventy Years", 1888, "Documenting the American South", University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

</doc>
<doc id="5995054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995054" title="Coping with the Urban Coyote">
Coping with the Urban Coyote

Coping with the Urban Coyote is the first full release from the desert rock band Unida on Man's Ruin Records. The song "Black Woman" was featured on the soundtrack of the popular game Tony Hawk's Underground.
Vinyl track listing.
Side A
Side B
Personnel.
Produced by Steve Feldman & Unida

</doc>
<doc id="5995055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995055" title="Limited Express (Has Gone?)">
Limited Express (Has Gone?)

Limited Express (Has Gone?) is a band from Kansai, Japan, who formed in 1998. Its members are Yukari (bass, vocals), Jinichiro Iida (guitar, vocals) and Josh (drums, backing vocals).
Biography.
The band's first album, "Feeds You", was released in 2003 after John Zorn heard a copy of the band's demo and asked them to record an album for his Tzadik label. It was well received by Japanese critics.
Koji Narazaki (drums) left the band after exhausting touring in 2005.
Touring.
In March 2004, the band toured the United States - including a show at the SXSW festival in Austin, Texas - where they quickly built a devoted following from word of mouth stories about their explosive live shows. Later that year, the band embarked on its first tour of small venues in Australia and New Zealand where it managed to play to several full houses, and sold out of all their merchandise. One Melbourne show was recorded and later released as "Live at the 101 Bar" on label Tenzenmen.
In July 2005, Limited Express toured Australia (with Rogers Sisters), followed by Korea. In May 2006, Limited Express headlined the Soobiesta festival in Brisbane, Australia and released the "Jesus Child" CD EP.

</doc>
<doc id="5995079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995079" title="Cherrydale (disambiguation)">
Cherrydale (disambiguation)

Cherrydale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5995082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995082" title="Carolinas Healthcare System">
Carolinas Healthcare System

Carolinas HealthCare System is a network of hospitals, freestanding emergency departments, urgent cares and practices, located throughout North and South Carolina. About 90% of the hospitals affiliated with the system are located within a 75 mile radius of Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. The system's headquarters and the flagship hospital, Carolinas Medical Center are located in the Dilworth and Myers Park areas of Charlotte. They have over 60,000 employees.
Hospitals.
The Carolinas HealthCare System comprises the following hospitals:
North Carolina.
Charlotte metropolitan area.
Carolinas HealthCare System is based in Charlotte, but its operations are not limited to Charlotte. The network operates eight hospitals within the Charlotte area; four of them are considered by many to comprise 90% of Carolinas HealthCare System's operations.
Main Facilities.
These hospitals are considered to be the bulk of Carolinas HealthCare's operations:
Other Hospitals.
These hospitals are other community and regional medical centers that Carolinas Healthcare System owns or operates:
Burke County, NC.
Carolinas HealthCare System manages Blue Ridge Health Care System, which includes the following hospitals.
South Carolina.
The majority of Carolinas HealthCare System's hospital operations in South Carolina is around the Charleston area.
Charleston Metropolitan Area.
The hospitals Carolinas HealthCare manage in Charleston are organized as Roper-St. Francis Health System. This system was created in partnership with two other non-profit organizations, the Medical Society of South Carolina, one of the oldest continuously operating physician organizations in the United States and the owner of Roper Hospital, and the Bon Secours Healthcare System, which owns hospitals and medical facilities throughout the eastern United States.
Urgent Care Centers.
Known as Carolinas HealthCare Urgent Care, it is a system of 18 Urgent Care centers in the Charlotte metropolitan area. Most are open from 8:00am to 8:00pm, seven days a week (except Thanksgiving and Christmas).
Rehabilitation Facilities.
Carolinas HealthCare System operates a rehabilitation facility on the main campus of Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte. Other Rehabilitation facilities include:
Behavioral Health Facilities.
Carolinas HealthCare System operates a 66 bed inpatient and outpatient behavioral health facility on Randolph Road in Charlotte in partnership with Mecklenburg County. Outpatient services include child, adolescent and adult Partial Hospitalization Programs.
Other Facilities.
In addition to providing patients with quality health care, Carolinas HealthCare System operates long-term care facilities in the Charlotte Area. Other facilities of importance include: 

</doc>
<doc id="5995118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995118" title="Grace Hospital (Morganton)">
Grace Hospital (Morganton)

Grace Hospital is a not-for-profit hospital located in Morganton, North Carolina and serving Burke County, North Carolina. The hospital anchors Blue Ridge HealthCare's system of healthcare providers that includes other facilities such as Valdese Hospital, Grace Ridge Retirement Community, Grace Heights Health and Rehabilitation Center, College Pines Health and Rehabilitation Center, Phifer Wellness Center and other physician practices.
Blue Ridge HealthCare is an affiliate of Carolinas HealthCare System, based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Kathy C. Bailey is the president and chief executive officer of Blue Ridge HealthCare.

</doc>
<doc id="5995136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995136" title="Westover, Arlington, Virginia">
Westover, Arlington, Virginia

Westover is a neighborhood in Arlington, Virginia on the National Register of Historic Places centered around Washington Boulevard between North McKinley Road and North Longfellow Street. A true model of mid-century Urbanism, Westover remains a pedestrian friendly neighborhood which sees its residents walk to shops, work, and public transportation. The neighborhood is between the Ballston Station and the East Falls Church Stations, both part of the Washington DC Metro and is serviced by many Metro Buses.
History.
During the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the area that was to become Westover was agricultural in nature, not unlike much of what is now Arlington County at the time. In the mid-nineteenth century, the property was owned by Nicholas Febrey, a civic leader in Arlington and one of the largest landholders in the area.
In the 1890s, small communities began to develop along newly established electric railways which serviced the area, as real estate developers began subdividing the land. One such community was Fostoria, developed by the Fostoria Land and Development Company in 1890, which took advantage of the Washington, Arlington, and Falls Church Electric Railway. The railroad provided passenger service from Rosslyn to East Falls Church and ran along Four Mile Run. By 1907, the neighborhood was known as Highland Park - the earliest houses constructed in the Westover area are located within this community. 
A measure of the development in the area at the time, the Walter Reed Elementary School was constructed in 1938 on McKinley Road, originally a section of Febrey farmland. Though Westover had seen significant development over the previous half century, in 1938, when the school was constructed, the area was still largely undeveloped. By that time, most of Westover was owned primarily by Ashton C. Jones and his wife, Margaret Rucker. Jones deeded the land to the local development company, Mace Properties, Inc., which was owned by Miles A. Mace. In turn, Mace Properties developed the majority of the buildings located in the Westover Historic District between 1939 and 1948.
Following the principles set forth by the FHA and responding to the need for affordable housing, Mace developed several neighborhoods in Arlington County in the early twentieth century which provided economical housing to the growing population. Mace, who lived in Arlington County, was a real estate broker. He was just twenty-six years old when he began to play a role in developing the community of Over-Lee Knolls—adjacent to Westover to the northwest and today considered part of greater Westover. The Over-Lee Knolls neighborhood was advertised in 1926 as "Virginia's Ideal Suburb" which emphasized value and quality construction.
In October 1938, Arlington County approved the rezoning of , which allowed Mace Properties to construct large multi-family apartment buildings. In April 1939, Mace Properties announced that it had received FHA approval for low-cost multi-family rental housing. The first of these constructed was a of 152 unit garden-style apartment building which cost Mace a total cost of $600,000 to build. In 1940, the FHA-backed Westover Hills project was announced. Westover Hills was hailed as the "most ambitious building program in Mace Properties' history." The dwellings, including single-family houses, twin houses, and garden apartments, were designed by Thelander and Washington, D.C. architect Harry E. Ormston.
During 1940, the Westover Shopping Center was constructed -- a 13-store retail center along Washington Boulevard between Longfellow and McKinley Streets. The shopping center initially included a Safeway grocery store, a "five and dime" store, and a pharmacy. In 1958, county planners noted that the center's "retail sales per store higher... than in any of the five nearby competing neighborhood or community centers." However, by the late seventies, the center's physical condition and sales had declined. In 1978, the Arlington County Board allocated $50,000 in business and neighborhood conservation funds to supplement $250,000 worth of exterior renovation work planned by the center's owners. 
Today, Westover is a residential suburban community and its overall character remains predominately unchanged. The shopping center continues to provide a mix of retail offerings to the community. Residences in the neighborhood are still composed mostly of modest, pre-World War II single family homes and garden style apartment complexes such as the Westover Apartments. Like those in most older suburban neighborhoods, the dwellings in Westover have been adapted to fit modern-day needs and growing families. In many instances, porches have been enclosed and/or enlarged for additional bathrooms.
Transit.
Westover has access to many modes of transportation, both public and private. Approximately 22% of people within Westover's Zip Code (22205) use transit other than a private vehicle to get to work
The central artery in Westover is Washington Boulevard which serves as a commercial focal point as well as a regional connector. 
Westover is situated between exit's 69 and 71 on Interstate 66.
Also close by is the East Falls Church Metro Station, part of the Washington DC Metro's Orange Line. The community is served by MetroBus, via the 2A, 2B, 2C, and 2G lines which run down Washington Boulevard. The Art Bus line 52, an Arlington-provided bus system, also passes through the community, though it does not travel through what many consider to be central Westover - Washington Boulevard between North Mckinley and Longfellow Streets.
The Washington & Old Dominion Railroad and Custis multi use trails also pass through Southern Westover, connecting the community to Falls Church to the West and The Rosslyn-Ballston corridor and Washington, D.C. to the East.
Buildings.
The Reed School.
Westover is home to the Walter Reed School, which reopened in October 2009 after significant renovations.
The Walter Reed Elementary School was built in 1938 by contractor T. Calvin Owens on what was farmland at the time. In 1950, the school was expanded and altered. A new 8 classroom wing and mechanical room were added to the rear of the building, while lower level rooms were converted to a library, teachers room, clinic and conference room. To cope with further population growth, in 1966 an octagonal classroom building was constructed.
On May 9, 2008, a Groundbreaking Ceremony was held at the Reed School site for the $21.6M Reed School/Westover Library project. The project included tearing down the entire building, with the exception of the original 1938 shell, and rebuilding into a building which houses the new Westover Branch Library and Arlington Public School programs. The library reopened on October 31, 2009, having been relocated from its former location approximately one block northeast. 
By the 1980s the Reed School building was entirely unsuited for use as an elementary school according to modern standards. Not only did it contain large amounts of asbestos and lead paint, it also was extremely difficult to heat and cool and was plagued by problems with mold and excessive humidity. It also was not and could not be made ADA compliant. Due to the physical problems in the building, declining enrollment, and the view of then-school superintendent Charles M. Nunley the school ceased functioning as a traditional educational facility in 1984. The closing occurred in spite of a County funded study which predicted that within 20 years, Reed would be desperately needed to meet the needs of the projected population. True to prediction, the elementary schools that absorbed Reed's student population (McKinley and Tuckahoe elementary schools) are currently (as of SY 2007) the most overcrowded in county. Reed school was the last "walking school" in Arlington, with 90% of the student body walking to school. After it closed, 100% of those students living in former Walter Reed districts were required to ride buses to their redistricted schools.
The Reed Building continues to be used as a polling place and community meeting place.
Swanson Middle School.
Swanson Middle School is located at the intersection Patrick Henry Drive and Washington Boulevard in Westover. Swanson is the oldest continuously operating junior high in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Originally a 7-9th grade school, it currently serves 6-8th grade students. 
Swanson Junior High School, built by contractor E. A. Pessagnolo for a cost of $200,941, opened in 1939 on land formerly occupied by the A. Duke Torreyson family farm. In 1955, a large addition off the North side was constructed to add classroom space. In 1963 and 1968, the central courtyard of the original design was filled in via two additions which accommodated a gymnasium, classrooms, a library, and mechanical rooms.
In 1958, Swanson was the focus of a racial desegregation controversy when it came under court order to admit an African American student. The student was "one of seven who can attempt to enter white schools under a court order." State officials threatened to shut the school down in the fall to avoid the desegregation. Ultimately, integration did not actually take place until 1959, when several African American students were admitted to Stratford Junior High School.
Commerce.
Westover Village, as it is sometimes called, is home to many Arlington institutions:
The Lost Dog Cafe, is a pizza and sandwich shop which was established in 1985. Originally a carry out place with limited seating, the owners took over adjacent space in the late 1990s and opened a sit down restaurant. It expanded again in 2009. The Lost Dog Cafe is also affiliated with the Lost Dog and Cat Rescue Foundation which was established in 2001. The Lost Dog and Cat Rescue Foundation places an average of 1500 animals annually into permanent homes.
Lebanese Taverna, the original restaurant in the now regionally-popular chain calls Westover home.
Westover Shopping Center.
The Westover Shopping Center along Washington Boulevard is anchored on the Western end by the Preston King Post Office. Moving Eastward is small a family-owned and run grocery store, Westover Market. Westover Market's "Great Wall of Beer" is known throughout the Washington Metropolitan area for its selection of over 550 varieties of beer. 
J.W.Ayers Variety & Hardware is a family-owned and operated independent hardware, housewares and notions store which opened in 1947. It specializes in keeping in stock items needed in the maintenance of older homes in the area. Further East is Toby's Homemade Ice Cream & Coffee, an ice cream and coffee shop featuring ice cream made on the premises, locally roasted gourmet coffee and a well-used community bulletin board. The Toby's location housed the Westover Bakery for many years, before closing down in the early 1990s. Pete's Barber Shop, located next door, opened around 1982 and has been a mainstay for 30 years, with Greek-born Pete seen cutting hair daily through the shop window.

</doc>
<doc id="5995145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995145" title="Coronary vasospasm">
Coronary vasospasm

Coronary vasospasm is a form of myocardial infarction caused by constricted blood vessels vasospasm affecting the coronary circulation. It can occur in multiple territories of the heart and is separate to coronary disease.
It can cause Prinzmetal's angina.
It can occur in multiple vessels.
Atropine has been used to treat the condition.

</doc>
<doc id="5995158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995158" title="Sure Know Something">
Sure Know Something

"Sure Know Something" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released on their 1979 album "Dynasty". The B-side is "Dirty Livin'", another album track featured on the "Dynasty" album which was co-written and sung by drummer Peter Criss.
Written by vocalist/guitarist Paul Stanley and producer Vini Poncia, "Sure Know Something" reached number 47 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in 1979, and in the Top Ten in some countries around the world. It would become another top ten hit(#5) for the band in Australia.
A promotional video, directed by John Goodhue, was filmed for the single and featured the band on a mock-up of what was their "Dynasty"-era stage show. "Sure Know Something" was performed by the band acoustically during their "MTV Unplugged" performance in 1995 and with the Melbourne Symphony Ensemble on their live album "".
Cover versions.
A number of artists have released cover versions of "Sure Know Something". A partial listing:

</doc>
<doc id="5995164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995164" title="Hercules and the Circle of Fire">
Hercules and the Circle of Fire

Hercules and the Circle of Fire is a made for TV movie. It was the third of five pre-series movies so it may be considered part of the TV series "".
Overview.
When all the Earth's fire begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from becoming frozen.
Plot synopsis.
Hercules is walking through a snowy mountain top where he finds a woman in the cold, and goes to help her. He sees Zeus in a cave and a rock closes over the entrance. Hercules turns around and the woman calls out to him and freezes and explodes. Hercules wakes from a dream. He turns over and goes back to sleep. As he sleeps his camp-fire goes out. Next day Hercules and young man are walking through a cave with dead bodies strewn all over. The man tells Hercules that they are all men from his village and that the witch who guards the Fountain of Youth killed them for their youth and strength. At the heart of the cave they find an old woman. Hercules sees she is chained up, and is hit over the head by the man, who is actually a warlock. He says to Hercules he will now have Hercules' strength. Hercules and the warlock fight and the warlock appears invincible, but then Hercules notices a beating heart among the items in the warlock's cave. Hercules rips the warlock's shirt and sees that the heart belongs to the warlock. Hercules takes a knife and plunges it into the heart and kills the warlock. With the warlock now dead, the old woman reverts to her true form, that of a young woman. Hercules frees the woman from her chains and takes some water from the fountain. After this the fountain begins to boil and begins dissolving everything in the cave. Hercules grabs the woman and they leave the cave. Outside the cave Zeus appears and Hercules tells Zeus the water will cure Chiron of his wound.
Later Hercules arrives at Chiron's house, he gives him the water and he drinks it. The wound heals, but after a few seconds the wound worsens. Hercules tells him he will find a cure for his wound. Meanwhile all over the village fires are being inexplicably extinguished. Hercules and Chiron are talking by the fire side and the fire goes out. Hercules realizes that something is amiss. He decides to investigate. He approaches Hera's temple which still has fire. A woman is trying to persuade the priest of the temple to let them light their torches, the priest refuses. Hercules kicks down the door, Hera's priest fight him, he beats them, and lights the torch. Three women appear and tell Hercules that the torch is of no use, because Hera has stolen the Eternal Torch and plans to kill mankind once and for all. Hercules knows that humans cannot survive without fire, and if he does not get the Torch back all life will die. Later on the woman from the temple comes to Chiron, it is revealed she is Deianeira. Chiron says only Hercules can help her and points her the man from the temple. Hercules says they need to talk to Prometheus, so he and Deianeira set off. They find Prometheus frozen, he says that Hera has stolen the Eternal Torch and that Hercules must get it back. Hercules and Deianeira travel onto Mount Aepion, where Hera has the Torch. While traveling, Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him.
As they camp for the night, Hercules reveals to Deianeira that he was the one who accidentally inflicted Chiron's wound. The next day as they are crossing a gorge they arrive at a point where Hera has removed the bridge. Hercules says they can continue if they use the rope which still remains. Deianeira reluctantly agrees. The two finally arrive at Mount Aepion, Hercules walks through the snowy mountain top, just like in his dream. He finds Zeus and Hercules asks him what Hera has done. Zeus says that Hera has put the Torch in the center of a ring of fire, and the fire has the power to kill immortals. Zeus warns Hercules from going through with his plan to get the Torch back. Hercules says he will do it anyway. The two men battle it out and Zeus tells Hercules that he is trying to save him. Hercules asks his father if he cares about humanity, Zeus replies that he does, but he loves Hercules more. Hercules tells Zeus he loves him too. Zeus accepts what Hercules must do, and lets him go. Hercules goes through the fire and retrieves the Torch, he throws it and it lands in Prometheus's home waking him. Fire begins to return. As Hercules lays dying in the circle, Zeus begs Hera not to harm Hercules or he will haunt her for eternity, and even threatening to give up his own immortality. Hera stops the flames and Zeus helps Hercules, who thanks him for saving his life. Before leaving the cage Hercules picks up a stick and makes a torch. Zeus asks if he knows the power of the flames, Hercules acknowledges that he does. Hercules takes the torch to Chiron's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw. Chiron stands in the center of the circle and Hercules lights the straw with the torch. Chiron drops to his knees and cries out. As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed, the flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound.

</doc>
<doc id="5995171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995171" title="Shield of Heracles">
Shield of Heracles

The Shield of Heracles (, "Aspis Hērakleous") is an archaic Greek epic poem that was attributed to Hesiod during antiquity. The subject of the poem is the expedition of Heracles and Iolaus against Cycnus, the son of Ares, who challenged Heracles to combat as Heracles was passing through Thessaly.
To serve as an introduction, fifty-six lines have been taken from the Hesiodic "Catalogue of Women". The late 3rd- and early 2nd-century BCE critic Aristophanes of Byzantium, who considered the "Catalogue" to be the work of Hesiod, noted the borrowing, which led him to suspect that the "Shield" was spurious. The poem takes its cue from the extended description of the shield of Achilles in "Iliad" xviii, from which it borrows directly, with a single word altered: 
The "Iliad" gives enough detail for its hearers to marvel at Hephaestus' workmanship. The "Shield of Heracles" piles on repetitive description, without gaining added effect:
The round shield's "whole orb shimmered with enamel and white ivory and electrum, and it glowed with shining gold; and there were zones of cyanus drawn upon it." "Cyanus" denotes a blue low-fired glass-paste or smalt. At the center was a mask of Fear ("Phobos") with the staring eyes and teeth of a gorgon. Though Achilles' shield has nothing about it that might mar its function, the shield of Heracles is a "tour de force" of high relief: the vineyard has "shivering leaves and stakes of silver" and the snake heads "would clash their teeth when Amphitryon's son was fighting" and in the ocean vignette the "fishes of bronze were trembling." As for "the horseman Perseus: his feet did not touch the shield and yet were not far from it—very marvellous to remark, since he was not supported anywhere; for so did the famous Lame One fashion him of gold with his hands." 
The extravagant description seems to have encouraged rhapsodes to contribute their interpolations, which have been identified and teased apart by modern scholarship. Some similes may strike the careful listener as infelicitous, such as the contrast of glowering with fierce action in "fiercely he stared, like a lion who has come upon a body and full eagerly rips the hide with his strong claws..."
The popularity of "The Shield of Heracles" in 6th-century Athens may be assessed from instances where H.A. Shapiro detected its presence in Attic vase-painting between "ca" 565 and "ca" 480. A calyx-krater by Euphronios depicting the minor episode of Heracles' combat with the Thessalian brigand Kyknos occasioned Shapiro's examination of the myth's creative reworking among Attic vase-painters, who based their imagery of Heracle's shield on the literary model. The likelihood of both oral and literary transmission during the same time is noted by Janko (1986:40). 
The "Shield of Heracles" was first printed, included with the complete works of Hesiod, by Aldus Manutius, in Venice, 1495; the text was from Byzantine manuscripts. In modern times several papyri have offered sections of the text, notably a 1st-century papyrus in Berlin (Berlin Papyri, 9774), a 2nd-century papyrus from Oxyrhynchus (Oxyrhynchus Papyri 689), and the 4th-century Rainer Papyrus (L.P. 21–29) at Vienna. There are numerous texts from the 12th to the 15th century.
Compare Virgil's "Shield of Aeneas" ("Aeneid" viii.617–731) and the much briefer description of Crenaeus' shield in "Thebaid" ix.332–338. Marcus Mettius Epaphroditus wrote a commentary on the "Shield of Heracles" in the 1st century CE.

</doc>
<doc id="5995179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995179" title="Kevin Kaminski">
Kevin Kaminski

Kevin S. Kaminski (born March 13, 1969 in Churchbridge, Saskatchewan) is a former Canadian ice hockey player.
Selected in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota North Stars, Kaminski only played one game for the North Stars before he was traded to the Quebec Nordiques in exchange for Gaetan Duchesne. After spending several years in the Nordiques organization, he was traded to the Washington Capitals prior to the 1993–94 NHL season. During his four seasons with the Capitals, his hard-nosed, gritty style of play would make him a fan favorite (his nickname was "Killer Kaminski"), as he would not hesitate fighting players who were much bigger than he was. As an example, on January 26, 1997, Kaminski, then playing for Washington, goaded Edmonton Oilers enforcer Louie DeBrusk into taking 27 penalty minutes just three minutes into the game, and goaded Edmonton winger Andrei Kovalenko into taking a roughing penalty before leaving the game with an injury. He would play three more seasons in the minors for the Portland Pirates of Portland, Maine before retiring in 1999. He is currently the head coach of the Louisiana IceGators of the Southern Professional Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="5995181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995181" title="Rio Grande do Sul gubernatorial election, 2006">
Rio Grande do Sul gubernatorial election, 2006

Most major parties launched gubernatorial candidates for the 2006 elections in Rio Grande do Sul:
Opinion polls.
Porto Alegre newspaper Correio do Povo published on 15 July 2006 an opinion poll with the following results:
A new poll was published by Correio do Povo on 23 September 2006:
In the end, Mr. Rigotto finished the first round in the third place, opening the way for a run-off between Crusius and Dutra, which the PSDB candidate won.

</doc>
<doc id="5995187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995187" title="USS Barite (IX-161)">
USS Barite (IX-161)

USS "Barite" (IX-161), a "Trefoil"-class concrete barge designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for barite, a yellow or white crystalline mineral found in metallic veins, resembling marble. Her keel was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (T. B7 D1, MC hull 1335) on 24 November 1943 at South San Francisco, California, by the Belair Shipyard of Barrett and Hilp. She was designated IX-161 on 7 February 1944, launched on 18 February 1944 sponsored by Mrs. S. C. Anderson, and delivered to the Navy at her builder's yard on 31 August 1944. She was placed in service the same day.
Service history.
World War II, 1944–1945.
Towed by , "Barite" departed San Francisco on 25 September 1944 and entered Pearl Harbor on the morning of 2 October. Clearing that port four days later, again astern of "Iroquois", the barge proceeded to Eniwetok. Thence, under tow by the auxiliary ocean tug "ATA-124", with as "retriever" and "YMS-276" as escort, "Barite" reached Ulithi, in the Caroline Islands, on 13 January 1945 and joined the armada of 225 ships present at that advanced base.
"Barite" served at Ulithi as a floating lubricating oil facility into the spring of 1945, when the advent of the typhoon season made it imperative to shift Service Squadron (ServRon) 10's base to locales other than the Western Caroline Islands. Towed thence to Saipan on 15 May, she operated at that island, in the same capacity, as a unit of Service Division 101, a part of ServRon 10. Towed from Saipan on 30 June 1945, "Barite" was moved to Leyte, where she served through V-J Day.
Reassigned from Service Division 101 directly to the parent command, ServRon 10, on 28 August 1945, "Barite" remained in Philippine waters for the remainder of her naval service. 
Post-war activities and sale, 1945–1951.
"Barite" was taken out of service and delivered to the War Shipping Administration at Subic Bay on 5 August 1946, and her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 15 August 1946. Subsequently sold to the China-based Asia Development Corporation, the ship was delivered to her purchaser on 23 April 1948. Lloyd's Register of Shipping carried the former "Barite" through the 1950-1951 editions, after which time she disappeared from the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="5995194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995194" title="Alfred Thompson">
Alfred Thompson

Alfred Thompson (June 6, 1869 – April 20, 1940) was a Canadian physician and politician.
Born in Nine Mile River, Nova Scotia, the son of James A. Thompson and Jane Thompson, Thompson was educated at a public school by private tutor and graduated from Dalhousie University with a degree of M.D.C.M. in 1898. He went to the Klondike in 1899 where he practiced medicine. In 1902, he was elected to the Yukon Council. Thompson would go on to sit three times in the Canadian House of Commons, always representing the federal constituency of the Yukon.
A Conservative, he first sat in the House between 1904 and 1908, taking the seat away from his main rival, former Yukon Commissioner Frederick Tennyson Congdon. The seat had recently been vacated by another former Yukon Commissioner, James Hamilton Ross, because of his appointment to the Canadian Senate.
In 1908, Congdon finally received the seat, but Thompson won it back in 1911, and was re-elected in 1917, remaining the MP for Yukon until 1921, when he lost the seat to George Black, yet another Yukon Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="5995196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995196" title="Germano Rigotto">
Germano Rigotto

Germano Rigotto (born September 24, 1949 in Caxias do Sul) is a Brazilian politician currently affiliated to the PMDB party. 
He was the governor of Rio Grande do Sul state until December 31, 2006. He ran for a second term in October 2006 elections, but he was unexpectedly defeated by Olívio Dutra and Yeda Crusius. Rigotto paced third by a small margin - 0.17% behind Olivio Dutra, the second one.

</doc>
<doc id="5995199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995199" title="Mappy Kids">
Mappy Kids

This game was released for the Family Computer in Japan only.
Plot.
The player controls the son of Mappy in a platformer game. He wants to find a wife but she won't marry him until Mappy can become a provider for his family. At the end of each level, there is a slot machine. Pulling the lever to the slot machine may allow the player to earn extra lives. After the mini-games, players access a shop, where they can buy various things with the money that they find during the game.

</doc>
<doc id="5995201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995201" title="Morrisonville, Virginia">
Morrisonville, Virginia

Morrisonville is an unincorporated community in northern Loudoun County, Virginia. It is located on Morrisonville Road (Virginia Secondary Route 693). It is notable as being the birthplace of the Pulitzer Prize winning author Russell Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="5995203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995203" title="Pentagon (novel)">
Pentagon (novel)

Pentagon is a 1986 political novel by Allen Drury, who was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960 for his 1959 novel "Advise and Consent".
Plot summary.
The Soviet Union invades and occupies a sparsely-populated Pacific atoll and proceeds to kill the inhabitants and gradually construct a missile and submarine base. This is perceived as a major threat to the United States, which is called upon to respond.
When diplomacy fails, the United States must respond militarily if anything is to be done. Plans to do so, though, are frustrated by infighting within Congress, the Pentagon, and elsewhere in the government. When the novel ends, the U.S. has failed to respond and the Soviets have consolidated their hold on the atoll.
Reception.
While the book sold well initially, it received poor reviews and today is no longer in print.

</doc>
<doc id="5995209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995209" title="Rainbow Boulevard (Kansas City, Kansas)">
Rainbow Boulevard (Kansas City, Kansas)

Rainbow Boulevard is a main roadway located in southeastern Wyandotte County and northeastern Johnson County, Kansas. It runs north-south. 
Its northern terminus is just south of Interstate 35 at Southwest Boulevard in Kansas City, Kansas. Its southern terminus at Shawnee Mission Parkway in Mission Woods, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="5995222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995222" title="Mappy-Land">
Mappy-Land

Storyline.
In this game, Mappy the Mouse has been given an extended family, including his girlfriend, "Mapico the Mouse" and his son, "Junior the Mouse." However, Goro and his Mewkie thugs are back and trying to stop Mappy from making a new life. Mappy must survive through the levels collecting:
Cheese for his girlfriend's (Mapico's) Birthday. Then Re-do them again but collecting rings for his wedding with Mapico. Then again collecting Christmas trees for the Christmas party. This time Mappy collects baseballs for his son's (Jr's) birthday.
Gameplay.
There are 4 worlds and 8 levels in each (A train station, The Wild West, an Island setting, a Jungle, a Pirate-ship, Graveyard, a Small Town, and a Giant Castle). Goro goes through many changes during the levels corresponding to the level Mappy is on. In this particular game, Mappy can jump to collect essential items for his life or activate traps to knock out the Mewkies and Goro. Some items Mappy collects can be used to distract the Mewkies. Once all the essential items have been collected in a level, Mappy can then proceed to the next.

</doc>
<doc id="5995230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995230" title="Primrose Cottage">
Primrose Cottage

Primrose Cottage was the first permanent private home in Roswell, Georgia, United States. The house built and completed in 1839 for Roswell King's recently widowed daughter, Eliza King Hand, and her children. Roswell King also moved into the house with his daughter's family.
As of 2006, the house functions as an events facility.

</doc>
<doc id="5995231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995231" title="Nov">
Nov


</doc>
<doc id="5995237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995237" title="The Unnamed Feeling">
The Unnamed Feeling

"The Unnamed Feeling" is the third single by heavy metal band Metallica, taken from the eighth studio album "St. Anger". The song is about an unnamed feeling (anxiety, according to Hetfield) a person feels when they are close to the edge of losing control, just before he or she panics.
Along with a music video, the song was released as a single exclusively to Australia. It was released as part of an E.P. in the UK. The unique video, directed by The Malloys, featured the band performing in a virtually empty room that gradually closed in on them throughout the song. This was accompanied by visual stories of several people all experiencing that "unnamed feeling" in their own way.
The front cover for the basic singles depicts the "monster" from their other "St. Anger" single, "Some Kind of Monster". However, cover art for the Australia-exclusive CD single for "The Unnamed Feeling" was chosen by Metallica through a contest where Australian fans could submit their own original artwork. The winning piece by Louis Claveria depicts an isolated illustration of a black heart roughly outlined in white with a black background. Claveria's artwork was autographed by the band and framed, and all four finalists were featured in an exclusive poster insert included in the single. Exclusive live B-sides from Metallica's first show at the Big Day Out festival in Brisbane were featured on the Australian single.

</doc>
<doc id="5995253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995253" title="Ed Kastelic">
Ed Kastelic

Edward P. Kastelic (born January 29, 1964 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player of Slovenian origin.
Drafted in 1982 by the Washington Capitals, Kastelic also played for the Hartford Whalers. He would play in Europe for several years before retiring from active professional play.

</doc>
<doc id="5995254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995254" title="Adolph, West Virginia">
Adolph, West Virginia

Adolph is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States. Originally known as West Huttonsville, Adolph was named by the Board on Geographic Names in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="5995255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995255" title="Call It Conspiracy">
Call It Conspiracy

Call It Conspiracy is Dozer's third album, released September 16, 2003 on their managers label Molten Universe. For this album they worked with Swedish producer Chips Kiesbye, famous for his work with bands such as the Hellacopters.

</doc>
<doc id="5995272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995272" title="Vernon Wells (actor)">
Vernon Wells (actor)

Vernon George Wells (born 31 December 1945) is an Australian actor who has built his career around action films, most often cast as a villain. He began appearing on Australian television shows in the mid-1970s, such as "Homicide" and "Matlock Police" and "All The Rivers Run". He is best known to international audiences for his role of "Wez" in the 1981 science fiction action film "Mad Max 2" and also "Bennett" in the military action film "Commando". After "Mad Max 2", Wells began appearing in Hollywood films, such as "Weird Science" (1985) and the science fiction comedy "Innerspace" (1987). In the 2000s, Wells acted in the television series "Power Rangers Time Force" portraying the series' main villain Ransik.
Early life.
Wells was born in Rushworth, Victoria, Australia, the son of Eva Maude (née Jackson) and Michael Wells.
Career.
1970s.
Wells worked in a quarry, then as a salesman, and then in theatre and rock bands. In the 1970s, he was selected by casting agents to appear in a theatre play, and he started to appear in Australian TV commercials, print advertisements, local Australian TV shows such as "Homicide" and "Matlock Police" and historical TV mini-series like "Against The Wind", "Sara Dane" and "All The Rivers Run".
His first cinema appearance was a minor role in "Felicity" (1979), a low budget, erotic fantasy film. 
1980s.
Wells was cast as the homicidal biker Wez, in the micro budget "Mad Max 2" (1981) filmed around Silverton near Broken Hill in outback New South Wales, Australia. It is the role for which he is probably best known to international audiences, as Wells portrays a psychotic, post-apocalyptic gang leader who relentlessly pursues hero Max Rockatansky (Mel Gibson), before meeting a spectacular death at the film's finale.
Hollywood beckoned for Wells, and he spoofed his mad biker role in the popular 1985 teen comedy "Weird Science", written and directed by John Hughes and produced by Joel Silver. Wells so impressed Silver with his work in that film that he was immediately secured for the role of Bennett, who double-crosses Arnold Schwarzenegger in "Commando" (1985). When first approached for the role in "Commando", Wells was in Australia working on the feature film, "Fortress", based on the real life Faraday School kidnapping, in a starring role opposite Rachel Ward. Wells appeared as Roo Marcus in "Last Man Standing" (1987).
1990s and 2000s.
In 1992, Wells appeared in one of the few roles in which he is not cast as a villain, in the short-lived 1992 television comedy series "The Amazing Live Sea Monkeys." The show was about a professor who accidentally enlarged three Sea Monkeys to human-size, and then had to deal with their comical ineptness in the world. In 1993, Wells starred in the science fiction film "Fortress" with Christopher Lambert (no connection to the previous movie of the same name).
Many of Wells' roles 1990s and 2000s portrayed villains, as in the films "Circuitry Man" (1990), "Kick of Death" (1997) and "Starforce" (2000), and "Power Rangers Time Force" (2001). In the "Power Rangers" episodes, he played the role of Ransik, a mutant crime lord from the year 3000 who travels back in time to take over the world. In 2002, he reprised this role for the "Power Rangers Wild Force"/"Time Force" two-part team-up episode "Reinforcements from the Future". Wells stars in the horror film "Silent Night, Zombie Night".

</doc>
<doc id="5995306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995306" title="Neersville, Virginia">
Neersville, Virginia

Neersville is an unincorporated community in northwestern Loudoun County, Virginia, USA. It is located in the Between the Hills area of the Loudoun Valley on Harpers Ferry Road (Virginia Secondary Route 671) at the foot of Short Hill Mountain. It is notable for being the birthplace of Confederate guerrilla John Mobberly.
History.
Neersville derives its name from the Near brothers, Conrad and William, who were the first to lease and later own the land around the present village. Their land deeds began in the year 1786. The village began to coalesce around the dependencies of the Near farms in 1834 when the Lutheran Church was given a half acre on which they constructed St. Paul's Church. Within five years, the post office established a branch in the village which they christened Neersville and, with it, the "Capitol City" of Between the Hills was born.
The village continued to prosper in the antebellum years, boasting two mills, a saw and grist, by 1850. Unfortunately because of the limited flow of Piney Run, only one could operate at a time. The village suffered some during the Civil War, mostly by the burning of the bridge across the Potomac River, which kept the isolated village connected to the Harpers Ferry and the outside world via the B&O Railroad and C&O Canal. Though the village was occupied by both armies during the war, no real fighting took place there.
Following the conflict, the village began to prosper once again, especially with the opening of Sagle Road, which cut between from the Harpers Ferry Road at the village to the Charles Town Pike (present day Rt. 9) just east of Keyes Gap and the opening of the Nathaniel Prince Road which lead east from the village across the Short Hill, connecting the village to Lovettsville. By 1872 the village even boasted a school. The 20th century was not so kind to Neersville. The population began to dwindle and the school closed in 1930, the general store closed in 1956 and by 1970 even St. Pauls had closed its doors. Furthermore Nathaniel Prince Road was not incorporated into the county road system and thus never graded and maintained for automobile use, thus cutting off the village from Lovettsville.

</doc>
<doc id="5995309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995309" title="USS Lignite (IX-162)">
USS Lignite (IX-162)

USS "Lignite" (IX-162), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for lignite. Her keel was laid down on 8 December 1943 by Barrett & Hilp, Belair Shipyard, San Francisco, California, under a Maritime Commission contract (T. B7-D1-Barge). She was launched on 26 February 1944 sponsored by Miss Catherine Barrett, converted for use as a United States Army and United States Marine Corps stores barge by Barrett & Hilp, acquired by the Navy on 26 September 1944, and placed in service at San Francisco the same day.
Service history.
Assigned to Service Force, Pacific Fleet, "Lignite" served as a general stores and issue barge at advance bases in the Philippines and Okinawa. She continued this duty throughout the remainder of World War II.
While serving at Okinawa after the war, the barge was grounded at Buckner Bay on 9 October 1945 by Typhoon Louise, one of the most violent storms ever to strike Okinawa. "Lignite", was refloated on 16 October, towed to Hong Kong in March 1946, and towed to Subic Bay, Luzon, in May. She was placed out of service at Subic Bay on 6 August and returned to the War Shipping Administration the following day. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 August.
Awards.
"Lignite" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5995324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995324" title="Jay Davis">
Jay Davis

Jay Davis is an American actor, stand-up comedian and comedy promoter/producer who garnered nationwide attention after appearing in Dane Cook's "Tourgasm", a 30-day cross-country-tour-turned-reality-show which also included Cook, Gary Gulman and Robert Kelly, and was given an 8-episode run on HBO.
Davis began performing comedy at an early age, and went to Los Angeles to pursue a career in entertainment. After some film and television roles, he began hosting shows and doing a regular stand-up routine at Dublin's, an Irish pub formerly in Hollywood. It was there that he met Cook, when the comedian came in to join the recurring lineup. When the venue closed, Davis toured solo for a while.
Dubbed as "the nice guy," during the TV series, Davis was given an occasional hard time by his friends. Kelly, in particular, yelled at him, while Cook and Gulman often played practical jokes (although Cook would later impart advice and act as a comedy mentor). The show also documented Davis' efforts at developing new stand-up material (the "TLC Killer" joke, in particular).
Jay Davis continues to perform stand-up comedy throughout the U.S., both with and without his "Tourgasm" colleagues. In addition, he books, produces and hosts the long-running "Life of The Party" live stand-up comedy show, Tuesday nights at 10:00 p.m., at The Laugh Factory in Hollywood, California. Cook is a frequent headliner.

</doc>
<doc id="5995349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995349" title="Tiggy">
Tiggy

Tiggy (born 1970 as Charlotte Vigel) is a Danish bubblegum/Eurodance artist. She is perhaps best known for her remix of the Sandy Fox song "Freckles" in "", originally the English version of the song "Sobakasu" by Judy and Mary from the anime "Rurouni Kenshin" and she's also popular in parts of Southeast Asia with the song "Why". 
Tiggy's style is similar to fellow Danish bubblegum artists Aqua and Toy-Box who are famous for their childlike lyrics and catchy rhythms, although several of her songs have a more Medieval fantasy focus than other bubblegum artists.
Biography.
Charlotte Vigel was born and brought up on the island of Bornholm where, thanks to her parents' great interest in amateur theatricals, she made her stage debut at the age of 10 years. As a result of her theatre performances, it was only natural that she developed a great interest in dancing and this led to her taking part in a number of competitions all over Denmark as well as forming her own dance group.
When Tiggy turned sixteen she began to concentrate more on music. She became the lead singer in both a dance band and a rock band and performed at numerous concerts. She went on tour with Next Stop Soviet and took part in the Danish weekly magazine, "Se og Hør""'s Melodi Grand Prix competition, winning a place in the finals. After an open-air concert, Tiggy was offered a record contract by a German producer from Hamburg.
In 1994, after a lot of encouragement to develop her singing talent more seriously, Tiggy started taking lessons at a music school in Lund, Sweden. Shortly afterwards, she enrolled at the Copenhagen Academy of Music.
In 1995, Tiggy attended an audition and was straight away taken on as member of a girl trio. In April that year their single, "Surprise Surprise" was released and the following month, the trio was invited to perform on "Eleva2ren", a popular Danish TV entertainment programme. Tiggy was offered the job of singer in the Danish Ny Teater production of the musical farce, "La Cage Aux Folles" and ended up both singing and dancing as well as performing a small acting role. Carried away by working, Tiggy went on to land an engagement in Betty Glosted's summer cabaret.
For years now, Tiggy has been a solo singer on several "Krumme" (a popular Danish children's comedy film) soundtracks, so she was also a soloist on "Krummernes Jul" (the Christmas version of the film series). She has also been the lead singer in several bands including Street Beat and Legend.
In 1996, Tiggy's collaboration with Danish label Flex Records started. This was in connection with the song "Ring A Ling", written by CMN aka Christian Møller Nielsen, Heidi Lykke Larsen and Henrik Carlsen and produced by Hartmann & Langhoff, who also worked with Aqua and Me & My and other Bubblegum dance groups. The song was a smash hit, and shot to No. 1 on the official single sales list after only eight days in store. The song went platinum in record time (less than a month) and stayed at No. 1 for 8 weeks.
The follow-up single "Simsalabim", again produced by Hartmann & Langhoff, was released on 16 April 1997 and followed in "Ring A Ling"'s footsteps by immediately zooming to No. 1 on the sales list. Tiggy's debut album, "Fairy Tales" was released on 7 May 1997 which was also extremely popular. This album also took Tiggy's music outside Denmark and "Fairy Tales" was released in several countries including Mexico, Japan, Spain, Belgium and Russia.
Charlotte Vigel currently works as a radio-host on a Danish radio show "Morgenhyrderne" (translates: the morning-shepherds).

</doc>
<doc id="5995364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995364" title="Oatlands, Virginia">
Oatlands, Virginia

Oatlands is an unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia. Oatlands is located on the James Monroe Highway (U.S. Highway 15) along Goose Creek. The central feature is Oatlands Plantation. President James Monroe's plantation, Oak Hill, is a few miles south.

</doc>
<doc id="5995389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995389" title="Bob Kelly (ice hockey, born 1950)">
Bob Kelly (ice hockey, born 1950)

Robert James "Houndog" Kelly (born November 25, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals.
Playing career.
Selected in 1970 by the Philadelphia Flyers, Kelly was an aggressive left-winger who would become a member of the famous "Broad Street Bullies" and helped guide the Flyers to their two consecutive Stanley Cup championships in 1974 and 1975. Along with teammate Dave Schultz, Kelly was one of the team's top enforcers.
Kelly scored the 1975 cup winning goal at 11 seconds into the 3rd period of game 6. On tremendous individual effort he stole the puck behind the Sabres' net, and was able to slide the puck under goalie Roger Crozier.
Kelly played with the Flyers until the 1979–80 NHL season when he was traded to the Washington Capitals. He had a career year offensively in his first season with the Capitals, but his second season with the team was his last in the NHL, playing with the Capitals until the middle of the 1981–82 season.
He is now the Flyers' Ambassador of Hockey, visiting schools and teaching kids about about the importance of teamwork. He also can be seen on the concourse of the Flyers arena, the Wells Fargo Center, interacting with fans, and presenting awards to military guests during Flyers home games.
Nicknames.
Kelly was known by several similar nicknames: "Hound Dog", "The Hound", "Mad Dog", "Muttley" or "Mutt", "Machine Gun Kelly", "Grass Fairy" and "Scourge of the Red Army".

</doc>
<doc id="5995393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995393" title="University Mall (Tuscaloosa, Alabama)">
University Mall (Tuscaloosa, Alabama)

University Mall is the largest mall in western Alabama. It is located at the intersection of McFarland Boulevard and Veterans' Memorial Parkway in Tuscaloosa, the busiest in the city.
Owned and managed by Montgomery-based Aronov Realty, the mall opened on August 20, 1980. Anchor stores of the enclosed mall include J.C. Penney (), Sears (), Belk Women () and Belk Men, Home & Kids (). The only outlier properties on mall premises are branches of Regions Bank and Cadence Bank.
The property where University Mall now stands was previously home to the ruins of World War II-era Northington Naval Hospital. These ruins were finally destroyed during the filming of the climactic scene of the 1978 Burt Reynolds film "Hooper". The ruins of the hospital had lain derelict for many years and included a few dozen buildings as well as two immensely tall brick smoke-stacks. A few of the old buildings remained until the late 1990s and housed the Tuscaloosa City Board of Education offices until they were relocated to the old Tuscaloosa High School (later Tuscaloosa Middle School) building on Queen City Avenue.
On April 27, 2011, the mall was damaged by a powerful tornado that ripped through Tuscaloosa killing dozens of people. The mall was directly in the path of the tornado and sustained moderate damage. 

</doc>
<doc id="5995398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995398" title="Blue Valley Southwest High School">
Blue Valley Southwest High School

Blue Valley Southwest High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Overland Park, Kansas, and one of five currently operated high schools in the Blue Valley School District. The school opened in August 2010. The principal is Scott Roberts, and the assistant principals are Lisa Wilson and Gary Howard. Its feeder school is Aubry Bend Middle School. In total, Blue Valley Southwest is a facility.
The school mascot is the Timberwolf and the school colors are forest green, black, and silver.
Facilities.
Blue Valley Southwest is sited on a plot. The high school will serve 1,600 students in grades 9-12. The design of the building is organized around a courtyard, with all common spaces: theater lobby, administration, cafeteria, library, and cyber cafe opening directly onto this central space. The courtyard allows students an easy connection to the outdoors, while keeping them safe and secure. Recognizing that students tend to gather in small groups, the sloping courtyard permits several distinct zones: an amphitheater, breakout patio for the theater patrons, open green space, and seating terraces for the library and cafeteria.
The academic area has been organized into four small learning communities. These spaces are designed to move easily between a variety of curricular models: grade level houses, academic departments, or interdisciplinary academies. At the heart of the academic zone is the media center and a distributed administrative suite. The outstretched wings of the academic communities are linked to the library and administrative zone by Flexible Teaching and Learning Areas which allow larger, more flexible teaching spaces for special projects and informal common space.
The new school incorporates many eco-friendly design ideas. Central to this effort is a below floor, quiet, displaced air delivery system which allows improved indoor air quality and thermal comfort while using less energy to deliver conditioned air. The building features a good deal of natural day lighting, with borrow lights throughout the interior, indirect lighting with higher ceilings, and daylight sensors. The building has highly reflective roofing materials and locally produced materials such as Kansas brick and limestone. The school was sited with careful attention to solar orientation to minimize heat gain yet maximize views. An existing pond was enhanced to collect storm water run-off and provide water for irrigation of the surrounding landscape.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Blue Valley Southwest is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association and competes in the Eastern Kansas League. Blue Valley Southwest teams compete at the 5A level.

</doc>
<doc id="5995410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995410" title="María Luisa Anido">
María Luisa Anido

María Luisa Anido (Isabel María Luisa Anido González) (26 January 1907 – 4 June 1996) was an Argentine classical guitarist. She was born 26 January 1907 in Morón, in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina; she died 4 June 1996 in Tarragona, Spain, and was buried there.
Biography.
She was the fourth daughter of Juan Carlos Anido and Betilda González Rigaud. Her family moved to Buenos Aires when she was very young.
María Luisa Anido’s compositions for guitar.
”Composing is a wonderful task because of the sincerity it carries within, because of the act of creation itself... because it reveals the greatest depths of the human soul.” — María Luisa Anido
Some excellent guitar performers of the 20th century turned to composition as an additional outlet for expressing their artistry. They include Miguel Llobet, Andrés Segovia, Agustín Barrios, Emilio Pujol, Abel Carlevaro, Nikita Koshkin, Stefan Rak, Carlo Domeniconi, Andrew York, and Dušan Bogdanović.
Two women, María Luisa Anido in Argentina and the Austrian Luise Walker, also left us products of their inspiration. Possibly out of modesty, María Luisa Anido did not record all her works. They are miniatures that reflect, with her characteristic honesty, several aspects of her personality.
Aire Norteño, her most popular piece, is a “"Bailecito"”, a little dance present in all festivities in north-western Argentina which is generally accompanied by charangos, quenas and cajas. Anido frequently plays the bass notes pizzicato to emphasise the contraposition of 3/4 time in the bass and 6/8 in the melody, a characteristic that is frequently found in Argentine folklore.
In 1927 María Luisa Anido composed her first piece, Barcarola. Miguel Llobet, the Catalan guitarist, wrote to her shortly after that: “I have read and played your Barcarola; the voices are carried magnificently with admirable taste of their natural characteristics; the tone colours are perfect. Bravo, very well done. I think you should continue writing your excellent inspirations.”
In Canción del Yucatán, Anido alternates the characteristic Habanera rhythm with triples and rubatos that mark the sweet and feminine character of the piece. As professor at the Conservatorio Manuel de Falla, where I studied, she wrote in my notebook in 1968: "“I feel shyness that they see that I teach my own works…it’s better if we look at it at home…”"
Miguel Llobet had done a brilliant harmonisation of a series of Canciones Populares Catalanas. Following his example, Mimita recreates – through glissandi and exquisite legato – the intimate atmosphere of the Mexican song Adiós…Adiós…
I have grouped the following four pieces from an aesthetic point of view: they are all inspired by Argentine folklore.
Preludio campero illustrates the attitude of the gaucho as he improvises chords on his guitar until a small melody appears… without any hurry, with the tranquillity and liberty that the immensity of the pampas imparts.
A pedal in De mi Tierra rocks in a continuous movement. Mimita is not afraid of the high positions on the guitar, so she plays with melodies in the higher notes, contrasting with that ostinato bass.
In 1952 she travelled Europe for the first time to and Bèrben published her Aire de Vidalita in Italy. This piece was inspired by one of the most popular lyric songs of Argentine folklore.
The musicologist Carlos Vega said: “The "vidalitas" are little songs of various characters and tempos. Sometimes they are tender love songs, sometimes cheerful, lively carnival songs.
They became especially popular in Buenos Aires by the end of the 19th century. Their poetic form is not uniform, but generally it is a quatrain where the word ‘vidalita’ appears between the first and second and between the third and the fourth lines as follows:
María Luisa Anido prepares the theme with four bars of guitaristic arpeggios.
The melody of the piece respects its characteristic rhythm, but instead of flowing in a homophone way or through parallel thirds, sixths or tenths, it is built as a chorale in four voices, which gives it a special depth.
The Gato that concludes this group is one of the most popular dances. Its chorography can vary according to the region where it is danced, but it always keeps a picaresque character, and, like most Argentine dances, is repeated twice. After an introduction of 8 bars (generally accompanied by the dancers and audience clapping hands) the melody flows wittily and freely over a very simple harmonic ground.
Departing from folkloric influences, Mimita composed Canción de Cuna, which was published in Italy in 1953. The triplet figure that serves as upbeat to each bar reflects the rocking movement of a cradle or a mother’s arms. This impressionist miniature once again reveals her acute sensitivity.
Impressiones Argentinas (Argentine Impressions) was published in Argentina in 1953. This is a set of nine pieces that embrace almost all the nuances of Argentine folklore.
In Boceto indígena, dedicated to Lalyta Almirón (a child prodigy born in 1914 who was the first Argentine guitarist to play in Europe), Anido alternates a Baguala rhythm with a tempo de danza and uses one of her favourite and original effects: harmonic tones in the basses of a two-voice melody.
Damped basses or notes plucked with the tip of the thumb (Mimita did not use her thumbnail) add a special colour to the accompaniment.
In Preludio Pampeano, a melody that is carried in thirds gives way to a Tempo de Vidalita.
The subsequent Variaciones camperas, whose rhythmical alternation between 3/4 and 6/8 represents an invitation to dance, belong to the same geographical region.
The collection would not be complete without a Triste. Mimita knew the Tristes that the popular guitarists played as well as those composed by Julián Aguirre, Alberto Williams and Alberto Ginastera, and she surely shared Carlos Vega's opinion: “No South American song has ever had the beauty, the originality and the popularity of the Triste.”
The following pieces carry the names of the Argentine provinces whose musical forms inspired them; Santiagueña (dedicated to her agent Omar Buschiazzo), a characteristic "Chacarera" from Santiago del Estero, and Catamarqueña, based on the Vidala that is typical of Catamarca.
The" Vidala" was born in the mountains as an ancestral lament. It is a song cried to the winds and to the echoes of the ravines, singing of love, forgiveness, landscapes, and religion. After an instrumental introduction, Anido presents the theme of the Catamarqueña the way a Vidala is usually sung, in parallel thirds. Some ornaments in the melody imitate the typical kenko (melodic ornamentation). The pizzicato basses remind us of the caja, whose percussion generally accompanies the melody.
Returning to the Pampas area, the “Alegremente“ of Preludio Criollo contrasts with the mainly obscure tones of Canto a la Llanura.
This series concludes with El Misachico (also called by Anido Procesión Coya), which is dedicated to her mother. In the northwest of Argentina, Misachico is the name given to small processions, carrying the profusely ornamented image of a saint that belongs to a family, not to the church. Some musicians accompany them playing erkes, violins and cajas or bombos.
The Preludios Nostálgicos reflect the periods in which Anido lived far away from her country. Lejanía, dedicated to her pupil Omar Atreo, was composed in 1962 and published in 1971 in Buenos Aires. Mar and Gris were published in Spain in 1977. An impressionistic atmosphere imbues their arpeggiated chordal structure. Lejanía shows its melancholy through slow arpeggios, Mar flows in continuous movement and transformation and Gris reflects a feeling of peace and plenitude.
"María Isabel Siewers"(translated by Eva Raphaela Jaksch)
"Adapted from the comments for the CD “ A Mimita” played by María Isabel Siewers and released by Acqua records in Argentina in 2007"

</doc>
<doc id="5995425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995425" title="Levine Children's Hospital">
Levine Children's Hospital

The Levine Children's Hospital is a 234 bed pediatric hospital located on the campus of Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. The hospital opened its doors in October 2007. It is named after businessman Leon Levine. The hospital has a Pediatric Cardiovascular ICU that can serve up to 4 open heart surgeries a day. The 20 bed unit is shared with a 10 bed Pediatric ICU. The PICU can over flow to 14 beds for additional patient care. Levine Children's Hospital has its own emergency department that can handle simple bumps and bruises to asthma attacks to pediatric traumas. 
LCH also has a Cafe', The X-Ray Cafe', and a gift shop on the main floor. An outdoor dining area is also available with a nice relaxing view for families, patients, and staff. Each floor of the hospital has its own theme and a relaxation room for families with free coffee and High Definition TV. The Carolina Panthers and Charlotte Knights visit the children often, as do celebrities when in town. 

</doc>
<doc id="5995428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995428" title="USS City of Dalhart (IX-156)">
USS City of Dalhart (IX-156)

USS "City of Dalhart" (IX-156), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the city of Dalhart, Texas. Her keel was laid down in 1921 by Oscar Daniels Company, in Tampa, Florida. She was acquired by the Navy 29 February 1944, commissioned at San Francisco, California, on 2 June 1944 with Lieutenant Commander C. M. Lokey, USNR, in command; and reported to the Pacific Fleet.
"City of Dalhart " stood out from San Francisco 9 June 1944, carrying sailors and cargo to Pearl Harbor. Assigned as a mobile barracks for the 301st Naval Construction Battalion, she departed Pearl Harbor 16 July with the men and machinery of this unit aboard, called at Eniwetok from 3 August to 5 August, and put into Guam on 11 August, one day after the island was declared secure. She remained at Guam until 22 November, when she sailed for San Francisco arriving 19 December. " City of Dalhart" was decommissioned on 28 January 1946, and returned to her owner.
"City of Dalhart " received one battle star for World War II service.
See also.
Barracks ship

</doc>
<doc id="5995459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995459" title="Kotataberry">
Kotataberry

'Kotata' is a blackberry cultivar with a diverse ancestry in a few "Rubus" species including western and eastern North American blackberry species and red raspberry. 'Kotata' was developed by the United States Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service in Corvallis, Oregon, United States in their cooperative breeding program with Oregon State University. In 1984, 'Kotata' was released as a potential replacement for the 'Marion' blackberry, with better cold tolerance and fruit firmness. However, while the taste of the 'Kotata' is unique and invariably good, it did not replace 'Marion' but was used as a slightly earlier complement to 'Marion'. 'Kotata' was selected from a cross of the two parents OSC 743 ['Pacific' x 'Boysen'] x OSC 877 ['Jenner' x 'Eldorado']. The pedigree of 'Kotata' has boysenberry, wild Pacific Northwest blackberries, an Eastern U.S. blackberry species and loganberry in its background. While it was released as a cultivar in 1984, it was first selected as OSC 1050 in 1951 and was grown commercially under that name. 'Kotata' has been grown primarily in the Pacific Northwest region of North America and in the United Kingdom.
Description.
Kotataberries are black, longish, and have a "glossy skin that dulls as it ripens."

</doc>
<doc id="5995477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995477" title="T. Ranganathan">
T. Ranganathan

Tanjore Ranganathan (born Madras, India, March 13, 1925 - died December 22, 1987) was a Carnatic musician specializing in percussion instruments, particularly the "mridangam".
Ranganathan began performing professionally in 1938. At the California Institute of the Arts and Wesleyan University he taught many non-Indians Carnatic music, including Robert E. Brown, John Bergamo, Jon B. Higgins, Douglas Knight, David Nelson, Royal Hartigan, David Moss, Glenn "Rusty" Gillette, and Craig Woodson. He began teaching at Wesleyan in 1963, becoming that university's first Artist in Residence in Music.
Ranganathan's brother was the Carnatic flute player and vocalist T. Viswanathan (1927-2002). The two recorded the music for the Satyajit Ray documentary film "Bala" (1976), about their sister, the "bharatanatyam" dancer Balasaraswati.
The American composer Henry Cowell composed the Mridangam part in his Madras Symphony especially for T. Ranganathan.
Ranganathan died after a long illness, at the age of 62. He was survived by his wife Edwina, and sons Suddhama and Arun.

</doc>
<doc id="5995479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995479" title="I Love Softball">
I Love Softball

Gameplay.
Games end after seven innings unless the two teams have an identical score (tie game). The object is to win the championship using female softball players. Players must choose between the six major high schools from all of the regions of Japan. The artificial intelligence of the game is strong, causing even strong human-controlled teams to frequently lose to the computer. It is possible to throw an underhanded pitch in this game up to .
After winning the Japanese high school championship, the player must take on the American women's softball team before becoming a professional softball player. The game looks similar to a video game that belongs to the Family Stadium baseball video game franchise. Players play their high school games at Hanshin Kōshien Stadium. 
If the player loses one game, play starts over unless the player uses a password to return to the previous round. The game's password feature allows games to be replayed and maintains total memory of which teams have already been defeated. However, the passwords and long and very difficult to remember.
Pachio-kun, an anime-like pachinko ball that is famous for starring in the game "American Dream" (which was made by the same company as "I Love Softball"), announces the team that will be batting for three outs.

</doc>
<doc id="5995489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995489" title="USS Flambeau (IX-912)">
USS Flambeau (IX-912)

USS "Flambeau" (IX-192), a tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for a flaming torch. Her keel was laid down in 1919 by Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, in Chester, Pennsylvania, as "S. B. Hunt". She was acquired by the Navy 8 January 1945 at Pearl Harbor, and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant R. S. Green, USNR, in command.
"Flambeau" was converted for use as an oil storage ship in which capacity she served at Saipan until July, and then at Iwo Jima. She sailed from Pearl Harbor 30 December for Norfolk, Virginia, where she was decommissioned on 6 April 1946, and returned to the War Shipping Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="5995494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995494" title="Myocardial stunning">
Myocardial stunning

In cardiology, stunned myocardium is a state when some section of the myocardium (corresponding to area of a major coronary occlusion) shows a form of contractile abnormality. This is a segmental dysfunction which persists for a variable period of time, about two weeks, even after ischemia has been relieved (by for instance angioplasty or coronary artery bypass surgery). In this situation, while myocardial blood flow (MBF) returns to normal, function is still depressed for a variable period of time.
Myocardial stunning is the reversible reduction of function of heart contraction after reperfusion not accounted for by tissue damage or reduced blood flow.
After total ischemia occurs, the myocardium switches immediately form aerobic glycolysis to anaerobic glycolysis resulting in the reduced ability to produce high energy phosphates such as ATP and Creatinine Phosphate. At this point, the lack of the energy and lactate accumulation results in cessation of contraction within 60 seconds of ischemia (i.e. Vessel Occlusion). Subsequent to this is a period of "myocardial stunning," in which reversible ischemic damage is taking place. At approximately 30 minutes after the onset of total ischemia the damage becomes irreversible, thereby ending the phase of myocardial stunning.
Clinical situations of stunned myocardium are:

</doc>
<doc id="5995495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995495" title="Paeonian Springs, Virginia">
Paeonian Springs, Virginia

Paeonian Springs is an unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia, USA. It is located at the intersection of the Charles Town Pike (State Route 9) and the Harry Byrd Highway (State Route 7). Paeonian Springs was established in 1890 and is currently served by a post office.
The Paeonian Springs Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5995510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995510" title="Harmelin v. Michigan">
Harmelin v. Michigan

Harmelin v. Michigan, 501 U.S. 957 (1991), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States under the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The Court ruled that the Eighth Amendment's Cruel and Unusual Punishment Clause allowed a state to impose a life sentence without the possibility of parole for the possession of 672 grams of cocaine.
The Court's narrow ruling left a major question of Eighth Amendment law unresolved. Since the Court's decision in "Gregg v. Georgia", 428 U.S. 153 (1976), the Court had incorporated a detailed proportionality analysis into the cruel and unusual punishment analysis required in capital cases. The defendant in "Harmelin" directly asked the Court to extend the reach of that analysis to noncapital cases such as his. Although five Justices agreed that Harmelin's sentence was not unconstitutionally cruel and unusual, six Justices agreed that the Cruel and Unusual Punishment Clause bore "some kind" of proportionality analysis. Yet among those six, three supported a proportionality principle that is highly deferential to legislative judgments, while three others supported a more searching proportionality analysis that would have struck down Michigan's mandatory life-without-parole sentence for possessing more than 650 grams of cocaine.
The State of Michigan was represented by Richard Thompson and Michael Modelski. Thompson's other credits include serving as a prosecutor of Dr. Jack Kevorkian. As commonly happens in criminal cases before the Supreme Court, various state attorneys general, as well as the United States Solicitor General, filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of the State of Michigan. The Court appointed counsel for Harmelin, and the ACLU and a group of criminal defense attorneys filed briefs in support of the defendant's position.
The majority ruling.
The only aspect of the decision that garnered the vote of five Justices was the ultimate conclusion that the mandatory life without parole sentence required by the Michigan law forbidding the possession of more than 650 grams of cocaine was not cruel and unusual punishment. "Severe, mandatory penalties may be cruel, but they are not unusual in the constitutional sense, having been employed in various forms throughout our Nation's history." Nor did the Eighth Amendment require a sentencing court to consider mitigating factors in noncapital cases. It was enough that Michigan law allowed for executive clemency, or that the legislature might at some later date retroactively reduce the sentence for Harmelin's crime.
The proportionality debate.
The Justices could not agree, however, whether and to what extent the Eighth Amendment imposed a proportionality requirement in noncapital sentencing proceedings. Justice Antonin Scalia, as is typical of his originalist interpretation of the Constitution, introduced historical evidence in support of his argument that the Eighth Amendment imposes no proportionality requirement at all. Justice Anthony Kennedy argued in favor of a vague proportionality principle that allowed the Court to uphold Harmelin's sentence. And Justice Byron White argued that Harmelin's sentence was the sort of "excessive" sentence forbidden by the Eighth Amendment.
Scalia's originalist argument.
Through his opinion in "Harmelin", Justice Scalia voiced his disagreement with the Court's decision in "Solem v. Helm", , which was decided before he was appointed to the Court. He first identified the English Declaration of Rights of 1689 as the source of the Eighth Amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment. According to Scalia, "Solem" assumed that the Americans who adopted the Eighth Amendment in 1791 understood that language in the same way as the English of 1689. Scalia disputed this hypothesis. He pointed to a dispute among historians about which royal abuses the Declaration was intended to combat. Some historians contend that these abuses were the harsh punishments for treason—drawing and quartering, beheading, disemboweling—meted out by the Bloody Assizes. Other historians contend that the Declaration was meant to rein in the enormously arbitrary sentencing power the king had exercised in sentencing a notorious perjurer. Regardless, Scalia argued that those who wrote the Declaration considered a punishment to be "cruel and unusual" only if it were outside of the judge's power to impose. The phrase "'cruel and unusual' is treated as interchangeable with 'cruel and illegal.'" For this reason, the English of the 17th century did not believe a "cruel and unusual" punishment was a disproportionate one.
For Scalia, though, the more important question was what the words "cruel and unusual" meant to the Framers of the Bill of Rights in 1791 when the Eighth Amendment was adopted. "Even if one assumes that the Founders knew the precise meaning of that English antecedent..., a direct transplant of the English meaning to the soil of American constitutionalism would in any case have been impossible." Because federal common law incorporated no common-law crimes, the Framers could only have understood to check legislative power. They understood the word "unusual" to refer to things that were "not regularly or customarily employed." Furthermore, if the Framers had meant to outlaw 'disproportional' punishments, they would have used that word, as many contemporary state constitutions did. "There is little doubt that those who framed, proposed, and ratified the Bill of Rights were aware of such provisions disproportional punishments, yet chose not to replicate them." Finally, the scant direct evidence available from state ratifying conventions confirmed for Scalia the view that an "unusual punishment" was a particular mode of punishment that was infrequently imposed, not one that was excessively lengthy in comparison to other punishments imposed for similar crimes. 
For these reasons, Scalia argued that the proportionality test from "Solem" should be overruled. "Solem" had held that a particular punishment was unconstitutionally disproportional if (1) the crime was relatively minor in comparison to the punishment, (2) the sentence imposed in the jurisdiction for similarly grave offenses was less, and (3) other jurisdictions impose a lesser sentence for the same crime. Scalia argued that (1) it was difficult to assess the gravity of a particular crime, and thus (2) it would be difficult to determine whether similarly grave crimes carried a lesser sentence. As for whether other jurisdictions imposed a lesser sentence for the same crime, Scalia conceded that it is easy to figure this out, but that this inquiry has "no conceivable relevance to the Eighth Amendment." If a mode of punishment was "unusual" because it was infrequently imposed, the three factors of the "Solem" test hardly mattered to Scalia. In a federal system, moreover, some state will always have the distinction of imposing the harshest punishment for a particular crime. "The Eighth Amendment is not a ratchet, whereby a temporary consensus on leniency for a particular crime fixes a permanent constitutional maximum, disabling the States from giving effect to altered beliefs and responding to changed social conditions." Because the proportionality requirement was of recent vintage, "issued 185 years after the Eighth Amendment was adopted," and then only in capital cases, Scalia reasoned it should be abandoned entirely, or at least limited only to capital cases.
White's proportionality argument.
Justice White's point of departure was the fact that "the Amendment does not refer to proportionality in so many words, but it does forbid 'excessive' fines, a restraint that suggests that a determination of excessiveness should be based at least in part on whether the fine imposed is disproportionate to the crime committed." Accordingly, the Eighth Amendment imposed a strong proportionality requirement not simply on fines, but on all criminal punishments, including prison terms. 
White took issue with three premises of Scalia's argument. First, for White, the fact that the Framers were not as plain-spoken as Scalia would have preferred was no obstacle to concluding that the Eighth Amendment did indeed contain a proportionality requirement. Second, although the newly formed federal government did not, in 1791, have any "track record with respect to criminal law," they had lived under the regime of the several states for some time, and so there would be some benchmarks by which to evaluate proportionality of punishments. Third, even if the original understanding of the Eighth Amendment did not include a proportionality requirement, 20th-century decisions of the Court had imposed one. White takes Scalia to task for claiming at once that the Eighth Amendment must have no proportionality guarantee whatsoever and then that that guarantee can apply only in capital cases. 
White's argument proceeds from the premise that "the scope of the prohibition against cruel and unusual punishments has long understood the limitations of a purely historical analysis." In other words, when it comes to the Eighth Amendment, the Court must employ a flexible and dynamic interpretation. 
The Court therefore has recognized that a punishment may violate the Eighth Amendment if it is contrary to the evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society. In evaluating a punishment under this test, we have looked not to our own conceptions of decency, but to those of modern American society as a whole in determining what standards have evolved, and thus have focused not on the subjective views of individual Justices, but on objective factors to the maximum possible extent." It is this type of objective factor which forms the basis for the tripartite proportionality analysis set forth in "Solem".
Finally, White argued that the "Solem" test works well in practice. Simply because courts will be reviewing sentences for proportionality does not mean that courts will strike them down with great frequency. "Solem" requires a certain amount of deference to the legislature, and courts have proven able to apply that amount of deference. And although Scalia concedes that an egregious prison term—such as life in prison for overtime parking—would be unconstitutional, White faults him for striking such extreme punishments down in a principled manner. White also argues that adopting Scalia's view of the proportionality requirement would strike at the foundation of the Court's capital punishment jurisprudence, much of which would then "rest on quicksand".
Kennedy's "narrow proportionality principle".
Justice Kennedy, joined by Justices O'Connor and Souter, attempted to forge a middle ground between the positions of Justices Scalia and White. Justice Kennedy argued that ""stare decisis" counsels our adherence to the narrow proportionality principle that has existed in our Eighth Amendment jurisprudence for 80 years." Under Kennedy's formulation of the proportionality principle, Harmelin's sentence could stand, along with the possibility that an equally harsh sentence for a less severe crime might not.
As an initial matter, Kennedy identified four principles that undergird the Eighth Amendment's proportionality principle as he understood it. First, "the fixing of prison terms for specific crimes involves a substantive penological judgment that, as a general matter, is properly within the province of legislatures, not courts." Second, the Eighth Amendment does not mandate the adoption of one theory of punishment over another—states are free to tailor their punishments to meet the needs of either a deterrence rationale, a retribution rationale, or both or some other rationale. Third, in light of these first two principles, there is bound to be some variation of punishments between and within particular jurisdictions. Thus, the intra- and interjurisdictional comparison required by the "Solem" test would frequently prove unworkable. Fourth, any proportionality analysis required by the Eighth Amendment should be informed by objective factors to the maximum possible extent. 
Justice Kennedy pointed to the two aspects of Harmelin's sentence that might cause difficulty under the Eighth Amendment—the severity of the sentence, along with its mandatory nature. Life without parole is the second most severe sentence known to American law, after the death penalty. Yet Harmelin's crime was more severe than the crime at issue in "Solem". In "Solem", the Court struck down a life-without-parole sentence imposed for the crime of uttering a no-account check; Harmelin, however, was convicted of possessing 650 grams of cocaine. Uttering is "one of the most passive felonies a person could commit." The illegal drug trade, by contrast, begets a tremendous amount of violence. In view of these observations, a legislature could rationally conclude that a life sentence without parole is appropriate to deter others from distributing cocaine and to achieve an appropriate amount of retribution. Because Harmelin's crime was more serious than the crimes involved in other cases where the Court had confronted the constitutionality of a life sentence, Kennedy reasoned that it might be appropriate to dispense with the detailed "Solem" analysis. "A better reading of our cases leads to the conclusion that intrajurisdictional and interjurisdictional analyses are appropriate only in the rare case in which a threshold comparison of the crime committed and the sentence imposed leads to an inference of gross disproportionality."
The mandatory nature of Harmelin's sentence also did not require setting it aside. First, as Scalia agreed, the Eighth Amendment did not require the trial court to allow Harmelin to present mitigating evidence. Second, if the Court were to set Harmelin's sentence aside, it would necessarily have to reject the judgment of the legislature, where the initial responsibility for making the substantive judgment about appropriate punishments rests. Third, Michigan's system did not entirely lack mechanisms for considering the individual circumstances of a particular defendant. Prosecutors have discretion in bringing charges, the governor has the power to grant clemency "post hoc", and the legislature has the power to retroactively modify the sentence for all persons convicted of Harmelin's crime.
White's criticism of Kennedy's argument.
For Justice White, Kennedy's narrow proportionality principle effectively "eviscerates" "Solem", leaving only an "empty shell" in its place. How could the inter- and intrajurisdictional comparisons required by "Solem" be anything "but" objective? And if, as Kennedy conceded, proportionality analysis should be informed by objective factors as much as possible, how else could those objective factors come into play except through the "Solem" test? See the lengthy discussion in support of the Solem test in chapters 1 and 2 in Dennis J. Baker, "The Right Not to be Criminalized: Demarcating Criminal Law's Authority" (Ashgate, 2011)
Because White disagreed that "Solem" should be abandoned, he proceeded to apply it to Harmelin's sentence, and concluded that Harmelin's sentence was unconstitutional. First, because Michigan has no death penalty, the life-without-parole sentence for possession of 650 grams of cocaine was the most severe available under Michigan law. Second, it reserved the sentence for only one other crime—first-degree murder. Third, no other jurisdiction imposed such a severe sentence for possession of 650 grams of cocaine. Alabama came close, White observed, but only when the defendant possessed 10 kilograms of cocaine. Thus, White concluded, "Solem" required the Court to strike down Harmelin's sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="5995515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995515" title="Washington's 7th congressional district">
Washington's 7th congressional district

Washington's 7th congressional district encompasses most of Seattle, all of Vashon Island, Edmonds, Shoreline, Kenmore, and parts of Burien and Normandy Park. Since 1989, the 7th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Jim McDermott, a Democrat. 
The 7th is the most Democratic district in the Pacific Northwest, and the most Democratic district on the West Coast outside of the San Francisco Bay Area or Los Angeles. It is also the most Democratic majority-white district in the United States. Democrats dominate every level of government, and routinely win elections by well over 70 percent of the vote. Al Gore swept the 7th District in 2000 with 72% of the vote while John Kerry won 79% of the vote in the district in 2004. Barack Obama took in 84% of the vote in the district in 2008. 
Washington's seventh seat in the U.S. House was added following the 1950 census, but the state did not immediately reapportion. It was contested as a statewide at-large seat for three elections: 1952, 1954, and 1956; and voters cast ballots for two congressional seats, their district and the at-large. Democrat Donald H. Magnuson won all three at-large elections. The 1958 election was the first after the state reapportioned to seven districts; Magnuson was elected to the new district in 1958 and 1960, but lost in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5995521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995521" title="Working for Vacation">
Working for Vacation

"Working for Vacation" is the first single from Cibo Matto's second album, "Stereo ★ Type A", released in 1999. B-side "Vamos a la Playa" was later included on the 2007 compilation "".

</doc>
<doc id="5995525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995525" title="Saint Louis, Virginia">
Saint Louis, Virginia

Saint Louis is an unincorporated community in southern Loudoun County, Virginia. Saint Louis lies on Saint Louis Road (Virginia Secondary Route 611) and is an old African American community with many African Americans still living in it today. Banneker Elementary School is located in Saint Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="5995543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995543" title="Martial Angels">
Martial Angels

Martial Angels () is a 2001 Hong Kong film directed by Clarence Fok Yiu-leung.

</doc>
<doc id="5995554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995554" title="Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje">
Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje

Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje is a 1955 Indian film directed by V. Shantaram. It stars Shantaram's wife Sandhya and dancer Gopi Krishna in lead roles. One of the earlier Technicolor films made in India, the film won the Filmfare Best Movie Award. 
The film was declared "Super Hit" on box office.
Plot.
Classical dance guru Mangal stumbles on a dance performance in a lavish haveli by Neela. He orders his talented son Girdhar to demonstrate to the audience the true method of classical dance. Entranced by Girdhar's skill, Neela begs Mangal to admit her as a pupil. He finally agrees on two conditions: she must devote her life to art and she must partner Girdhar in the Tandav portion of an upcoming dance competition. As the two practice together, she begins to fall in love with Girdhar. Manilal, a wealthy and jealous man who hopes to have Neera for himself, warns Mangal that the two are falling in love, but he ignores him. When Mangal goes away for some time to buy new costumes for the pair, they confess their love to each other and neglect their dancing in favor of idyllic walks and boat rides. Mangal returns and discovers that the two are in love. Enraged that Girdhar's dancing has suffered and believing that he will now never win the title of Bharat Natarajan, he renounces his son and resolves to leave him. Dismayed that she has endangered Girdhar's career, Neela pretends that she has betrayed him with Manilal and he returns to his father and his art. The devastated Neela tries to drown herself in the river, but is rescued by a kindly sadhu. She decides to follow the example of the minstrel Meerabai and devotes her life to Krishna, but is alarmed when Girdhar appears declaring that he can not forget her. She pretends not to know him and he is enraged; his father takes him away. She becomes ill and the sadhu and her servant Bindiya take her to the temple where the dance competition is being held. Hoping to sabotage his chances, Manilal has bribed Girdhar's new partner to drop out of the competition. Neela takes her place in the Tandav dance and Mangal realizes that she spurned Girdhar to help him win the competition. He then convinces his son to give her a second chance. With the help of Neela, Girdhar wins the competition and Mangal gives the couple his blessing to marry.
Music.
Vasant Desai composed the music and Hasrat Jaipuri wrote the lyrics for the film. The song "Jo Tum Todo Piya" inspired from Meerabai was later also used for the 1981 film "Silsila". Shivkumar Sharma, the Padma Shri and Padma Vibhushan recipient musician has played Santoor in this film. Santoor was used first time in Indian Cinema.
Voice of Asha Bhosle used in few lines which was not available on records, but only on Film soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="5995558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995558" title="Sycolin, Virginia">
Sycolin, Virginia

Sycolin is an unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia. Sycolin is located south of Leesburg on Sycolin Road near the Dulles Toll Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5995561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995561" title="Washington's 5th congressional district">
Washington's 5th congressional district

Washington's 5th congressional district encompasses the Eastern Washington counties of Ferry, Stevens, Pend Oreille, Lincoln, Spokane, Whitman, Walla Walla, Columbia, Garfield, and Asotin. It is centered around Spokane, the state's second largest city.
Since 2005, the 5th District has been represented in the U.S. House of Representatives by Cathy McMorris Rodgers, a Republican. Rodgers's predecessor, George Nethercutt, defeated Tom Foley, then Speaker of the House, in the 1994 elections; Foley had held the seat since 1965.
In presidential elections, the 5th District was once fairly competitive, but in recent years has generally been a safe bet for the Republicans. Although George W. Bush carried the district with 57% in 2000 and 2004, John McCain just narrowly won the district with 52% of the vote, while Barack Obama received 46% in 2008. In 2012, President Obama's share of the vote dropped to 44%.
The first election in the 5th District was in 1914, won by Democrat Clarence Dill. Following the 1910 census, Washington gained two seats in the U.S. House, from three to five, but did not reapportion for the 1912 election. The two new seats were elected as statewide at-large, with each voter casting ballots for three congressional seats, their district and two at-large. After that election, the state was reapportioned to five districts for the 1914 election. The state's 6th District was added after the 1930 census and first contested in the 1932 election. 

</doc>
<doc id="5995576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995576" title="Unida/Dozer">
Unida/Dozer

Unida/Dozer is a split EP featuring the stoner rock bands Dozer and Unida. It is one of the first releases for both bands. It was released in 1999 by MeteorCity, and re-issued in 2006. The first press of the vinyl-version is limited to 1000 copies on red vinyl. The second press is also only 1000 copies but on marbled white and black vinyl. Both vinyl versions come with a poster advertising the Unida/Dozer split EP and Nebula/Lowrider split EP as well as the Unida/Nebula 1999 Tour.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5995578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995578" title="Special (film)">
Special (film)

Special is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore. It was released in theatres in the UK on November 17, 2006 and on DVD in the UK on March 5, 2007. It was released in theatres in the US on November 21, 2008.
Plot.
Comic book fan Les Franken (Michael Rapaport) signs up for an experimental antidepressant. Dr. Dobson (Jack Kehler) instructs him to take one pill per day. Les creates a diary for his experiences but feels no results. His lack of self-assurance keeps him from getting to know Maggie (Alexandra Holden), a quiet girl who works at a grocery store.
After several days of taking the pill, Les experiences supernatural powers, beginning with the ability to float. Paying a visit to Dobson, he sees himself floating, but Dobson sees him lying on the floor; Les has no powers at all. He explains that Les is having an adverse psychotic reaction to the drug and orders him to stop taking it. Les instead convinces himself that he has telepathy and Dobson is mentally telling him to continue taking the drug.
Gaining self-confidence, Les quits his job in order to become a crime-fighting vigilante. He gains a reputation for tackling people after stopping a gunman from robbing Maggie's store, believing he is picking up telepathic intent from would-be perpetrators. He confides his new gifts to best friends Joey (Josh Peck) and Everett (Robert Baker). Their initial reaction to his supposed ability to walk through walls is curiously ambiguous. The viewer only sees what Les believes he is doing rather than what his two friends actually witness. Les offers his services to the police but has to flee when he is recognized as the mystery "crime fighter".
After Dobson learns that Les is still taking the drug and getting worse, he calls on two representatives, Ted (Ian Bohen) and Jonas (Paul Blackthorne), to talk Les out of taking the drugs. Les believes they are there to take his powers away (as he is confronted by an alternate version of himself "from a future that will now never exist"), so his "future self" stabs Jonas in the ear and Les runs off with Ted in pursuit on foot. Les "teleports" behind Ted and knocks him out and then escapes again. Just how he actually accomplishes this highly improbable sneak attack is left for the viewer to grapple with. Les then joins Everett and Joey who believe "the suits" are just as much of an hallucination as everything else. 
On the way to meeting with Dobson, Les astounds his two friends by stopping a purse snatcher. Dobson claims never to have met Les before but gives the two friends a liquid to flush the medication from Les's body. Les leaves all three and finds that Jonas and Ted have broken into his apartment and are reading through his diary, talking about kidnapping him for a few days for the drug to work its way out of his system.
Dobson confesses that Les's reaction could ruin the company if the word got out. While Dobson explains that he himself was only attempting to preserve his own career and life, Les takes the opportunity to swallow the remaining pills. After Les leaves and makes Ted and Jonas "disappear", the now-invisible pair beat Les to a pulp and utterly humiliate him in the process. With an unbelievable effort of sheer willpower, Les turns the tables and knocks both men unconscious. Realizing that he is losing his mind, he runs to Maggie for help. She reveals that she likes him but has been reluctant to speak to him because of a stutter. Les admits to liking her and requests to be locked up in the restroom until the drug leaves his system.
Les awakens the following morning to find he cannot float. As Les is walking home Jonas runs him down with his car. Jonas is about to leave Les for dead when, incredibly, Les raises himself up off of the asphalt and stands defiantly there in the middle of the street. Jonas angrily backs the car into Les and sends him flying over the roof again, presumably finishing him off. This is too much for Ted and he flees the scene on foot. But Les won't stay down. In yet another fantastic feat of willpower, Les drags himself up onto his feet and faces-off with Jonas's car. Jonas intends to run Les down once and for all, but, faced with Les's unbreakable spirit, his rage drains away. Les turns and hobbles off, a smile spreading across his bruised face.
Reception.
Based on 29 reviews collected by the film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 55% of critics gave "Special" a positive review, with an average rating of 5.6/10.

</doc>
<doc id="5995583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995583" title="MBC Paper of the Year">
MBC Paper of the Year

Chosen by Molecular Biology of the Cell Associate Editors, the MBC Paper of the Year is awarded to the first author of the paper judged to be the best of the year in the field of molecular biology, from June to May.

</doc>
<doc id="5995612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995612" title="Molecular Biology of the Cell">
Molecular Biology of the Cell

Molecular Biology of the Cell is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Cell Biology. It covers research on the molecular basis of cell structure and function. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.803.

</doc>
<doc id="5995616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995616" title="Podevin">
Podevin

Podevin (10th Century) was a page of Duke Wenceslaus I of Bohemia. He is immortalized because of his appearance in the Christmas Carol "Good King Wenceslaus" :
Podevin is recorded as having helped St. Wenceslaus with his charitable works. Together they comforted the sick, poor, and orphaned members of Wenceslaus's realm. As a servant he was both loyal and faithful. Like his master, he was a devoted Christian who cared for those who were less fortunate.
Podevin met his end after avenging the murder of Duke Wenceslaus. It is said that after killing the chief conspirator of the assassination, he fled to the forest seeking forgiveness. He was surrounded by Prince Boleslaus I's retainers and dragged to the gallows. The chroniclers tell us that his body was left hanging for several years.
When he was finally buried, his grave spot became a stopping place for Christian pilgrims. He was respected for his piety and devotion to St. Wenceslaus. Today a chapel marks his ancient grave in the Czech Republic.
Besides his brief lines in the carol, the only words of Podevin to have come down to us are these few spoken before he slew the murderer of St. Wenceslaus:
"God will care for my health and salvation, but you have lost all your health and salvation long ago and you will die in sin for ever."

</doc>
<doc id="5995619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995619" title="Dysgammaglobulinemia">
Dysgammaglobulinemia

Dysgammaglobulinemia is a type of immune disorder characterized by a reduction in some types of gamma globulins.
It is distinguished from hypogammaglobulinemia, which is a reduction in "all" types of gamma globulins.
Hyper IgM syndrome can be considered a form of dysgammaglobulinemia, because it results from a failure of transformation from IgM production to production of other antibodies, and so the condition can be interpreted as a reduction of the other types.

</doc>
<doc id="5995630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995630" title="Hai (midget submarine)">
Hai (midget submarine)

The Hai (shark) was an advanced model of the "Marder"-class midget submarines created in Germany during World War II and operated by the K-Verband. Its prototype performed poorly during test runs and therefore no other boats were produced.
The "Hai" was eleven meters long and its length allowed for larger batteries, giving it the maximum speed of twenty knots under water. In addition, the "Hai" could remain under water for up to two hours.

</doc>
<doc id="5995631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995631" title="William R. Polk">
William R. Polk

William Roe Polk (born 1929 in Fort Worth, Texas) is a veteran foreign policy consultant, author, and relation of president James K. Polk. He is a former professor of history at Harvard University and the University of Chicago, and was President of the latter's Adlai Stevenson Institute of International Affairs. 
Background.
He was born in Fort Worth, Texas and grew up on a ranch in west Texas. He attended public school in Fort Worth and the New Mexico Military Institute. He studied in Latin America and worked on a Rome newspaper before matriculating and earning a BA and Ph.D from Harvard University, and BA and MA from Oxford University. He also studied at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, the Universidad de Chile, the University of Baghdad and the American University of Cairo. 
Career.
Polk taught Middle Eastern history and politics at Harvard from 1955–61, and was then appointed by President Kennedy to the State Department's Policy Planning Council focusing on the Middle East and North Africa. While there he served as a member of the Cuban Missile Crisis management team. 
In 1961 Polk was a Guggenheim Fellow in Near Eastern Studies.
Polk resigned from the federal government to join the University of Chicago as Professor of History in 1965, where he taught for ten years and established their Center for Middle Eastern Studies, serving as Founding Director. 
In 1967 Polk became president of the Adlai Stevenson Institute of International Affairs, which hosted the 20th Pugwash Conference on nuclear weapons problems, helped organize the “Table Ronde” meeting which laid groundwork for the European Union, and contributed to planning the United Nations Environmental Program. During the 1967 Middle Eastern Six-Day War he returned to Washington to write a draft peace treaty and to serve as an advisor to McGeorge Bundy, who was President Johnson’s personal representative during that crisis.
Polk was Vice Chairman of the W.P. Carey Foundation and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He lives and writes in southern France and is married to Baroness Elisabeth von Oppenheimer. He has lectured at the Canadian Institute of International Relations, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Royal Institute of International Affairs, and the Institute of World Economy and International Affairs of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, as well as over a hundred universities and colleges.
William Polk was also the foreign policy adviser for Democratic candidate Dennis Kucinich's presidential campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5995658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995658" title="Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki">
Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki

Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki is a 1978 Indian film directed by Raj Khosla and Sudesh Issar. It is based on a Marathi novel titled "Ashi Tujhi Preet" by Chandrakant Kakodkar.
Plot.
"Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki" is about an aristocrat, Thakur Rajnath Singh Chouhan (Vijay Anand), who is in love with his mistress Tulsi (Asha Parekh) but forced to marry a strong aristocratic woman named Sanjukta (Nutan). Tulsi sacrifices her life, some time after giving birth to Rajnath's son Ajay, because she wants Sanjukta to have her husband all to herself. Rajnath and Sanjukta send Ajay to boarding school to prevent him from bearing the stigma of being an illegitimate child. Sanjukta and Rajnath have a son, Pratap. Rajnath dies in a horse-riding accident. Sanjukta makes regular visits to the boarding school to see Ajay and, when he grows up, she brings him home. Sanjukta makes Ajay (Vinod Khanna) into not only a very important man but also shields him every time and finally confesses before the public that Ajay is her husband's first son and therefore, is entitled to respect. However, her own son Pratap (Deb Mukherjee) feels slighted and becomes wayward. Some people around them also try to further damage the relations between the two brothers. However, for every sin of the younger brother, Ajay protects him and takes the blame. Sanjukta, not knowing the actual situation, gets disturbed. At one stage, she blames Ajay for every wrong thing which actually has been done by her own son. Ajay leaves the house. But soon thereafter, the situation changes and the men standing in support of Pratap feel deceived as he lets them down. In the climax, these men try to kill Pratap, but Ajay, who comes to know of this plan, rescues his brother. Then, Pratap realizes his half-brother's kindness. He surrenders to Ajay and accepts him as the elder brother. The family reunites.
Reception.
The film became a "Super Hit" at the box office.
The title song sung by Lata Mangeshkar became an instant classic.

</doc>
<doc id="5995659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995659" title="Madison Square Mall">
Madison Square Mall

Madison Square Mall is Huntsville, Alabama's largest enclosed shopping center, encompassing over . It is also now the oldest extant enclosed shopping mall in the city. Anchored by JCPenney, Dillard's Clearance Center, Sears, and Belk, the mall is located on the corner of University Dr. (U.S. 72) and Research Park Blvd.
Madison Square Mall opened on August 1, 1984 with anchors JCPenney, Parisian, Castner Knott, Pizitz, and a Sears which had relocated from Heart of Huntsville Mall. Junior anchors included Yielding and Blach's. Over time, some of the anchors have had changes. Blach's was closed by 1987 and its space is now filled by The Limited and Victoria's Secret. Pizitz was acquired by Jackson, Mississippi-based McRae's in 1988 and was renamed as such until McRae's was bought out by Charlotte, North Carolina-based Belk Inc. Castner Knott was acquired in 1998 by Dillard's, and Yielding closed their Madison Square Mall location in about 1993. For the next 10 years the space was used by Castner Knott/Dillard's as space for their menswear. Until 2008, Steve & Barry's used the space. In 2007, when Belk purchased Parisian, Belk moved its store from the former McRae's parcel to the much larger former Parisian parcel and renovated it to fit the Belk model. The former McRae's remains vacant.
In addition to the in-line stores, several other businesses are located at the Madison Square site, including a Holiday Inn hotel, Romano's Macaroni Grill and Steak 'n Shake restaurants, and a TouchStar Cinemas theater.
Madison Square Mall has been renovated twice since its opening, in 1994 and again in 2006.
Madison Square Mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="5995665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995665" title="Calcium bromide">
Calcium bromide

Calcium bromide is the calcium salt of hydrobromic acid with the chemical formula of CaBr2. It is a white powder that reacts with water to form the hexahydrate. CaBr2 is mainly used in drilling fluid.
Synthesis, structure, and reactions.
It is produced by the reaction of calcium oxide, calcium carbonate with hydrobromic acid or the reaction of calcium metal with elemental bromine.
It adopts the rutile structure, featuring octahedral Ca centres bound to six bromide anions, which also bridge to other Ca centres.
When strongly heated in air, calcium bromide will produce calcium oxide and bromine:
In this reaction the oxygen oxidizes the bromide to bromine.
Uses.
It is mainly used as dense aqueous solutions for drilling fluids. It is also used in neuroses medication, freezing mixtures, food preservatives, photography and fire retardants.

</doc>
<doc id="5995671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995671" title="VMA-124">
VMA-124

Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 124 (VMFA-124) was a flying squadron in the Marine Forces Reserve based out of Naval Air Station Memphis flying the A-4 Skyhawk. They were part of Marine Aircraft Group 42 and were decommissioned on 19 June 1999. The squadron is best known as the first Marine squadron to fly the F4U Corsair during World War II and also the first squadron to be based on an aircraft carrier. They were known as the “Wild Aces” and ended World War II with 78 air to air victories against Japanese aircraft.
History.
World War II.
VMF-124 was formed on September 2, 1942 at Camp Kearney, San Diego, California. They were declared fully operational on December 28, 1942 even though the squadron’s pilots had only an average of 25 hours each in the plane. They arrived on Guadalcanal on the morning of February 12, 1943 led by their commanding officer, Major William Gise. The squadron flew their first mission before lunch that day, with twelve F4Us escorting a PBY Catalina on a 230 mile mission to pick up two downed pilots at Sandfly Bay, Vella Lavella.
The first F4U pilot to be decorated with the Medal of Honor came from VMF-124 — 1st Lt Kenneth A. Walsh for a mission on August 30, 1943, during which he shot down four Japanese Zeros before ditching his borrowed Corsair. The squadron remained in the Solomon Islands until September 1943, fighting over the Russell Islands, New Georgia and Vella Levella.
Following the fighting in the Solomons, the squadron was disbanded and reconstituted back in the United States where it trained in the Mojave Desert at Marine Corps Auxiliary Airfield Mojave for the next year. When they received their orders for carrier assignments they had 5 combat experienced pilots as their training nucleus VMF-124 left the States again on September 18, 1944, heading to Hawaii. While in Hawaii they were attached to Navy Air Group 4 who were operating off the USS Essex (CV-9). Along with VMF-213, 124 became the first Marine squadron to be based on an aircraft carrier. While deployed aboard the Essex, they took part in fighting over Lingayen, Luzon, Formosa, Tokyo, Iwo Jima and Okinawa. On January 3, 1945 VMF-124 and VMF-213 struck Formosa and the Ryukyu Islands in the first Marine land strike off a carrier.
Reserve activity.
The squadron was reformed shortly after the war at Naval Air Station Memphis and were equipped with the F4U-4 Corsair. They were the first squadron in the newly formed "Marine Air Reserve Training Command" to reach full strength. The squadron was redesignated Marine Attack Squadron 124 (VMA-124) on May 1, 1965 and were subsequently equipped with the A-4 Skyhawk. During the 1970s and 1980s they flew various versions of the A-4 until 1994 when the squadron was moved to Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth and redesignated Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 124 (VMFA-124). The squadron existed as a paper squadron only for two years while awaiting F/A-18 Hornets that would never materialize. The squadron existed on paper only until they were finally deactivated in 1997.
Squadron aces.
The following members of VMF-124 were credited with at least 5 enemy aircraft shot down during World War II:

</doc>
<doc id="5995682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995682" title="USS Chotauk (IX-188)">
USS Chotauk (IX-188)

USS "Chotauk" (IX-188), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel,
was the victim of a typographical error: she was intended to be named for USS "Chotank".
Her keel was laid down in 1920 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, in Quincy, Massachusetts, as "Japan Arrow "(later renamed "American Arrow"), transferred from the War Shipping Administration at Pearl Harbor on 29 November 1944, and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander W. D. Baker, USNR, in command.
"Chotauk" served as a station tanker with the Pacific Fleet at Eniwetok from 3 January to 14 February 1945, Ulithi from 23 February to 10 July, and Okinawa from 17 July to 29 October. She returned to Mobile, Alabama, on 5 January 1946. "Chotauk" was decommissioned there and returned to the War Shipping Administration on 7 February 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5995683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995683" title="Oyabe, Gabon">
Oyabe, Gabon

"There is also an Oyabe in Japan, see Oyabe, Toyama"
Oyabe is a town in Gabon.

</doc>
<doc id="5995690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995690" title="Australian Academy of the Humanities">
Australian Academy of the Humanities

The Australian Academy of the Humanities was established by Royal Charter in 1969 to advance scholarship and public interest in the humanities in Australia. To this end the Academy supports:
The Academy comprises a Fellowship of over 400 of the most influential humanists in or associated with Australia. The abbreviation for a Fellow of the Academy is FAHA. The Academy is governed by a Council of Fellows and operated by a Secretariat. It is an independent not-for-profit organisation partly funded by the Australian government.
The following ten disciplines serve as the Fellowship’s electoral sections:
Election to the Academy takes place at the Annual General Meeting, following nomination by Council on the advice of the ten electoral sections. 
The President, elected in November 2007, is Professor Ian Donaldson.
As of 31 December 2009, the Academy had Fellows, of which 397 are voting Fellows, 47 are overseas Fellows, and 71 are honorary Fellows.
Other academies.
There are three other Learned Academies in Australia: the Australian Academy of Science (AAS), the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia (ASSA), and the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (ATSE). They co-operate by means of the National Academies Forum (NAF).

</doc>
<doc id="5995692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995692" title="Moonchild (Cibo Matto song)">
Moonchild (Cibo Matto song)

"Moonchild" is the second single released from the second Cibo Matto album, "Stereo ★ Type A". It was released in 1999. B-side "Backseat" was included on the Japanese version of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5995694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995694" title="Literature Alive">
Literature Alive

Literature Alive is a multi-faceted educational project, produced by Toronto-based multimedia company CaribbeanTales and sister company Leda Serene Films, that explores the work of Caribbean-Canadian authors. It comprises a documentary series (commissioned for Bravo! Canada, and first broadcast in October 2005); a series of audio books; a website and a radio series for the CBC.
Literature Alive! Second Life is a program in the multi-user virtual environment Second Life used to disseminate instruction in the humanities in a 3D Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5995695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995695" title="USS Cachalot">
USS Cachalot

Two submarines of the United States Navy have been named Cachalot, after the sperm whale. 

</doc>
<doc id="5995704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995704" title="KLIB">
KLIB

KLIB (1110 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts from Roseville, California, and serves Sacramento. The station broadcasts to the Asian community, and is owned by Multicultural Radio Broadcasting. The transmitter's broadcast power is 5,000 watts daytime, 500 watts nighttime.
The 1110 kHz frequency was previously used by stations KPOP, KPIP, KRCX. The station was taken off air in April 2006.
Companion AM Station KFSG-AM (1690 kHz) was licensed for operations in 2001 as part of the FCC's expanded AM band program.[http://www.rwonline.com/reference-room/special-report/2006.03.01-04_rw_am_4.shtml At the end of the 5 year period, the licensee (Way Broadcasting) would have to either discontinue operations in the expanded band or return the original license (KLIB in this case) and cease operations. The station went silent in 2006 and removed its directional phasing equipment to comply, but also filed a request to retain both licenses. On February 20, 2007, the FCC granted a temporary authority to resume operations using a lower power non-directional antenna pending the final disposition of the expanded band license issue. [http://svartifoss2.fcc.gov/cgi-bin/ws.exe/prod/cdbs/pubacc/prod/corrp_list.pl?Application_id=1173254&File_Prefix=BSTA&App_Arn=20070206ABV&Facility_id=57702]

</doc>
<doc id="5995711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995711" title="Victoria the White Cat">
Victoria the White Cat

Victoria is the white cat from the CATS as well as a starring dance role. She was named after T. S. Eliot's favorite queen and main character, Queen Victoria. As this is a very demanding role, requiring extensive ballet training, the actor enacting the character of Victoria should be very flexible. She is featured in multiple solos, as well as leading group numbers and starring in a Pas de Deux. 
Fictional character biography.
Victoria is known as the snow white queen due to her being the only cat with a pure white coat. At the beginning of the musical she is seen doing a difficult solo dance in order to transition into adulthood before briefly dancing with Quaxo. She engages heavily in the dancing throughout the beginning of the show, leading all the cats in the Song of the Jellicles. During the ball, she participates in a ceremonial dance with Plato. Victoria is one of the many female kittens (Jemima, Electra, and Etcetera) who swoon over Rum Tum Tugger. She is the eldest of the queen kittens and her closest friends seem to be Mr. Mistoffelees and Jemima. She and Jemima are very close, and are the first cats who accept Grizabella, a social pariah, from the beginning to the end though they are initially held back by the older Jellicles. Victoria is the first cat to fully accept Grizabella at the end of the show which leads to her readmission to the Jellicle Tribe and accenscion to the Heavyside Layer. Victoria is very quiet, as her voice is never heard solo. She however, is frequently spotlighted as a dancer.
Appearance.
Victoria is known for her distinct, completely white coat. In some productions, however, the tips of her ears are black, with a nose either colored pink or black and she has brownish-copper stripes on her sides. Her memorable visage is individual in comparison to the other Jellicles, as the only solid white cat in the junkyard. Her singular appearance also makes her a frequent subject for advertising for the musical. She has a pink bejeweled collar around her neck.
Players.
The role of Victoria was first played by Maggie Williams in SummerStage and Finola Hughes in London West End and by Cynthia Onrubia on Broadway. In 1982, at the age of 17 years, Jacqui Harman played Victoria after Finola Hughes in London for over three years. Phyllida Crowley Smith played her in the 1998 filmed version and Alicia Richardson played her on the North American tour that same year. Sandra Kater, wife of RTE television presenter Bryan Smyth, played Victoria for over fifteen hundred performances at the New London Theatre in London's West End. She is also played by Joyce Chittick who volunteered along with Stephen Bertles as Plato inside the Washoe County Medical Center in Nevada during the North American tour. Sara M. Reardon played the part from 2007-2008. Victoria was played by Japanese-American actress Kimie Tsukakoshi at the Harvest Rain Theatre Company in 2007. She is at the moment being played by Sarah Bumgarner in the Worldwide Tour in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5995715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995715" title="Darren &amp; Brose">
Darren &amp; Brose

Darren & Brose are Darren Chau and Brose Avard, two Australian based comedy writers and performers who first met while studying media at Latrobe University. Chau had been working with the comedy ensemble Chop-Socky, while Avard had been producing and broadcasting on several Melbourne radio stations.
Television programs.
Their first television project together was the comedy variety program, "The Rumpus Room with Darren and Brose", which featured sketches, music video parodies, animations animations and special guests including Kerry Armstrong, Wil Anderson, Dave Hughes, John Safran, Lawrence Mooney, Dave O'Neil, Jo Stanley, Adam Richard, Damian Callinan, Andrew Gaze and Santo Cilauro. The show concluded after five seasons with an outside broadcast at the Athenaeum theatre as part of the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
Chau and Avard were then commissioned by Channel 31 to produce the station's first live nightly program. The nightly one-hour live show "Darren and Brose" The final episode was also their 100th episode in total and featured special guests Bert Newton, Tony Martin, Glenn Ridge, Gavin Wood, Stan Zemanek and State Minister Justin Madden.
They returned with the weekly formatted "Saturday Night Darren and Brose". and Tracy Bartram, along with American comedians Kenny Kramer and Todd Barry. When the series ended it was the highest rating programme on Channel 31.
In 2011 the pair re-united to work on "Toon Time", which Darren Chau created, co-wrote and executive produced, with Brose Avard writing and producing. The programme was hosted by Penelope Mitchell and Dickie Knee, became the highest rating local production ever on channel 111 Hits, and its promotional campaign won 5 Gold Promax Awards.
The 'Lost Tapes'.
Thought not to have been in existence, a box of digital tapes were found with recordings of Darren & Brose's live to air TV shows, including Channel 31's very first ever live, daily show. On May 23, 2013 these tapes began being released weekly on-line via the Darren & Brose web-site and YouTube serving as a time-capsule snapshot of the era, the various faces that appeared as guests and the early work of many people who were trained on these shows and have gone on to have successful careers in the industry.
Brose's solo work.
Brose Avard has acted in numerous television shows including "Prank Patrol", "Lowdown"
He is also a television warm-up performer having worked for every Australian network on shows including "Santo, Sam and Ed’s Sports Fever!", "The Project", "The Circle", "The Chat Room", "Millionaire Hot Seat", "Letters and Numbers", "The Einstein Factor" and "Shaun Micallef's Mad as Hell".
Darren's solo work.
Darren Chau was a founding member of the comedy ensemble Chop-Socky, who wrote, performed and produced for ABC’s "Recovery", 3RRR FM, the Melbourne International Comedy Festival and a scripted comedy produced by Artist Services for Foxtel, which he wrote, acted in and directed.
He was a segment producer, and head writer for ABC's "The Einstein Factor", before accepting the role at Foxtel as Group Programming Director for The Comedy Channel and 111 Hits, At Foxtel he launched dozens of overseas shows to Australian audiences including "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", "Louie", "Tosh.0", "Russell Howard's Good News" and Adult Swim titles including "Robot Chicken". He also returned past shows to Australian screens including "Prisoner", and in 2013 Foxtel's Brian Walsh publicly thanked and credited Darren Chau for inspiring the idea to create "Wentworth", Foxtel's highest rating non-sports program of all time and winner of the Astra Award for Most Outstanding Drama. He created, developed and executive produced 30 local productions including "Balls of Steel Australia" which became The Comedy Channel's highest ever rating series
He created and produced the development initiative and reality TV format" Comedy Gold" 
He has been a regular guest speaker at the SPAA Conference, is an official judge of the International Emmy Awards and was appointed by the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences as the expert moderator for the Comedy Nominee Panel session at the Emmy’s World Television Festival in New York. 
Awards.
Along with "Radio Karate" (Ryan Shelton and Hamish & Andy), Darren & Brose were nominated as finalists for numerous awards including Program of the Year, Best Variety Program, Best Comedy, Best Producer, and Best Presenter at the inaugural Antenna Awards.
The pair beat out thousands of submissions from around Australia to be selected as finalists for Network Ten's ELEVEN OUT OF TEN Development Initiative as part of the 2010 SPAA Conference.
Latrobe Media Group.
Darren & Brose co-founded the Latrobe Media Group which discovered and trained dozens of future international media talent. The alumni includes German based journalist and presenter Stefanie Suren, TV news reporter Amy Parks, senior journalist and news presenter Natalie Schenken, German based radio presenter Susanne Henn, television director Richard Franc and television producers Andrea Williams, Chris Thompson and Adrian Beck.

</doc>
<doc id="5995718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995718" title="Sangin">
Sangin

Sangin is a town in Helmand province of Afghanistan, with population of approximately 14,000 people. It is located on in the valley of the Helmand River at 888 m altitude, 95 km to the north-east of Lashkar Gah. Sangin is notorious as one of the central locations of the opium trade in the south of the country, and is also a town that has traditionally supported the Taliban. It was described by British newspaper "The Guardian" as "the deadliest area in Afghanistan". Sangin also houses the main bazaar for Sangin District. Route 611 passes through Sangin.
International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) operations.
On 31 July 2005 a United Nations convoy of six vehicles came under attack by Taliban forces lying in ambush some 2 km south of the town. All personnel including the international UN staff member managed to escape by reversing their route only to come under fire by a United States Army patrol of Humvee vehicles that were advancing to the location of the fire fight. Two Afghan personnel, one driver and the armed guard commander from the Ministry of Interior were wounded by the friendly fire and evacuated by helicopter to Kandahar. The armored vehicle that the UN worker was traveling in was unable to be driven due to being hit with approximately fifteen rounds of fire including two rounds from a .50 caliber machine gun. The retreating Taliban were identified crossing the nearby river some 1,500 meters to the West and were killed by a single 500 lb bomb delivered by air support from a United States Air Force (USAF) Boeing B-52 Stratofortress bomber.
In March 2006 units of the 3/124th Infantry American Security Force (SECFOR) teams and their Afghan counterparts began the construction of FOB Wolf on a plateau over looking the Sangin green zone. The base immediately became a target for the local militants and poppy growers. FOB Wolf would soon be renamed FOB Robinson in honor of Staff Sergeant Christopher L. Robinson, 36, of Brandon, Mississippi. Robinson was killed while on mission "Carpe Diem" with the 20th Special Forces group in the valley center.
Later in March, a resupply convoy from 1/124th IN SECFOR was sent to FOB Wolf. The convoy was involved in a complex ambush that lasted about an hour resulting in 8–10 enemy killed, and no friendly forces lost. After regrouping the convoy an Afghan National Army (ANA) vehicle struck an improvised explosive device (IED) killing six Afghans outside of Hyderabad, Gerishk District, Helmand province, Afghanistan. After clearing the scene and recovering the ANA KIA, the convoy continued to FOB Wolf under aerial support of Boeing AH-64 ApacheGun Ships. Later that night a large group of militants attacked the FOB where once again Soldiers from the 1/124th and personnel assigned to FOB Wolf returned fire. However during the melee that followed, American Sergeant first class John Thomas Stone and Pte. Robert Costall, a Canadian soldier, were killed in action. After a lengthy investigation it was found that both soldiers were killed by friendly fire from an American machine gun which fired across the camp hitting both Soldiers who were on a roof top position over the TOC. In April the unit was relieved by another SECFOR team from the 207th RCAG from Shindand.
On June 2, 2006, the base and all its contents were signed over to the British 3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment (3 PARA). After being warned against the "platoon house" strategy, the British became engaged in heavy fighting with Taliban insurgents and allied opium traffickers deep inside the green zone. A number of British and Canadian troops were killed during fighting in the town, including Corporal Bryan Budd (3 PARA) who was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross.
In 2008 without the support of a Marine Air-Ground Task Force, members of Echo Company, 2nd Battalion 7th Marines, were sent to Sangin to assist Ranger Company, 1st Battalion, The Royal Irish Regiment, who were stationed in central Sangin's FOB Jackson as part of the 2nd Battalion, Parachute Regiment (2 PARA)'s deployment. Within a month of their arrival, 3rd Platoon had branched out from FOB Tangiers and established FOB Wishtan. From June to October 2008 Echo company suffered numerous casualties, to include Cpl. Richard Weinmaster, who despite grievous wounds continued to fight until losing consciousness. His actions on that day earned him a Navy Cross, one of two that 2nd Battalion 7th Marines awarded during their deployment in Afghanistan. On August 14, 2008 two separate IED attacks within a few hundred meters and twenty minutes of one another claimed the lives of Lance Corporal Jacob Tovez, Corporal Anthony Mihalo, and Lance Corporal Juan Lopez-Castenaeda. In October 2008 Echo Company pulled out of Sangin, after handing FOB Tangiers and FOB Wishtan back over to the British. 2nd Battalion 7th Marines received a Navy Unit Commendation for their actions in Afghanistan.
In June 2010, 3rd Battalion 7th Marines and 3rd Combat Engineer Battalion entered Sangin to aid British forces and eventually take over. 3/7 flooded the green zone with Marines and 3rd Combat Engineer Battalion Provided Assault Breacher Vehicle's upon arrival and controlled area's from Route 611 to the Helmand River in a months time. In September 2010, Liam Fox, the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Defence, announced that northern Helmand would be transferred to the United States Marine Corps (USMC). A third of all British deaths in Afghanistan, (approximately 100), occurred over four years of occupation in Sangin. The British troops, with 40 Commando, Royal Marines among the last to leave the area, withdrew on September 20, 2010 to be replaced by 3/7. 
3/7 was replaced by 3rd Battalion 5th Marines in early October 2010 and operated between September 2010 and April 2011. Also attached to 3/5 was Echo Company 2/9, who arrived to aid 3/5 due to the number of casualties that unit had sustained. They were there from January 2010 until September 2011. 3/5 cleared and secured Sangin's "Brown zone" and much of the "Green zone", while Echo 2/9 was in command of other parts the southern "Green Zone". 2/9 was relieved by Echo Company, 2D Battalion 8th Marines in January 2011 taking over a portion of the Southern Green Zone. Twenty-five members of 3rd battalion 5th Marines were killed in action, including the son of Lt. Gen. John F. Kelly, head of the Marine Corps Reserve, and 174 were wounded, many losing limbs. In 520 firefights the battalion killed or wounded an estimated 470 enemy fighters and cleared the Sangin area of the enemy.
3/5 was relieved by 1st Battalion 5th Marines in March 2011, and 1/5 remained there until October 2011 with help from Echo 2/8 who was there since January 2011 until Mid August 2011 when they were relieved by Bravo Company 1/6 for a short duration. 17 marines from 1st Battalion 5th Marines were killed by IEDs and small-arms fire, dozens more were wounded.
1/5 was relieved by 3rd Battalion 7th Marines, who once more returned to Sangin, now a much more peaceful area. currently the Marines are training the Afghan National Army (ANA) unit there, 3rd Tolai, 2nd Kandak, 2nd Brigade, 215th Corps, and saw positive results. The ANA began to take ownership of many patrol bases, and regularly patrolled the city autonomously. They began to rely on each other and the local villagers to complete day to day missions more than they had at any time previously. The civilians use a tip line to inform the ANA of IEDs in the area, which the ANA interdicts. The ANA soldiers buy food and goods from the locals, strengthening the relationship of the Afghans with their army. the Marines continue to encourage this cooperative attitude between the Afghan National Army, the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, and the People of Sangin.

</doc>
<doc id="5995723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995723" title="Jurkat cells">
Jurkat cells

Jurkat cells (pronounced yūr′kat) are an immortalized line of human T lymphocyte cells that are used to study acute T cell leukemia, T cell signaling, and the expression of various chemokine receptors susceptible to viral entry, particularly HIV. Jurkat cells are also useful in science because of their ability to produce interleukin 2. Their primary use, however, is to determine the mechanism of differential susceptibility of cancers to drugs and radiation.
The Jurkat cell line (originally called JM) was established in the late 1970s from the peripheral blood of a 14 year old boy with T cell leukemia. Different derivatives of the Jurkat cell line can now be obtained from cell culture banks that have been mutated to lack certain genes. 
Cell line contamination.
Jurkat J6 cells have been found to produce a xenotropic murine leukemia virus (X-MLV) that could potentially affect experimental outcomes and infect lab technicians. This infection may also change the virulence and tropism of the virus by way of phenotypic mixing and/or recombination.

</doc>
<doc id="5995725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995725" title="Louisiana Highway 2">
Louisiana Highway 2

Louisiana Highway 2 (LA 2) is a state highway located in northern Louisiana that runs in a west–east direction from the Texas state line southwest of Vivian to a junction with U.S. Highway 65 (US 65) near Lake Providence, just west of the Mississippi state line.
It is the northernmost cross-state highway in Louisiana and runs between Interstate 20 (I-20) and the Arkansas state line for its entire distance. LA 2 spans nine parishes, connecting five parish seats with direct connections to the remaining four, traveling through Homer, Bastrop, and smaller communities such as Hosston, Plain Dealing, Sarepta, Bernice, Farmerville, Mer Rouge, and Oak Grove. LA 2 also has intersections with many of the state's major north–south routes, such as LA 1, US 71, US 371, US 167, US 165, and at its eastern terminus, US 65. An interchange with the newly constructed extension of I-49 is scheduled to be completed in Spring 2013 and opened to traffic later in the year.
The entire route of LA 2 is included in the state-designated system of tourist routes known as the Louisiana Scenic Byways. The section from the Texas state line to Bernice is part of the Northwest Louisiana Scenic Byway while the remainder of the route to US 65 near Lake Providence is part of the Bienville Trace Scenic Byway.
Route description.
Texas state line to Homer.
From the west, LA 2 begins at the Texas state line, continuing the route of Texas State Highway 49 (SH 49) into northern Caddo Parish, Louisiana. LA 2 proceeds east as a two-lane, undivided highway through the community of Trees then curves to the northeast and back to the east around the tip of Caddo Lake to intersect with LA 1 at a point north of Oil City. LA 2 turns north, running concurrent with LA 1 along the Kansas City Southern Railway (KCS) tracks into Vivian. The highway widens to accommodate a center turning lane at Rebel Road. LA 2 then turns northeast onto Camp Road while LA 1 continues northward. Returning to two-lane capacity, LA 2 is now joined by LA 170 which follows LA 1 through much of Vivian. After two blocks, LA 170 turns south onto South Pardue Street while LA 2 turns north and then east out of town. After , LA 2 enters Hosston where it intersects US 71, which heads through Ida into Arkansas on the north and to Shreveport on the south. From this junction, LA 2 turns north onto US 71 briefly before resuming its eastward course. outside of Hosston, LA 2 crosses a bridge over the Red River and into Bossier Parish.
In Bossier Parish, LA 2 intersects LA 537 and continues east for another into Plain Dealing. LA 2 follows Mary Lee Street through town and intersects LA 3 (Louisiana Street), which also connects to Shreveport. Proceeding east from this intersection, LA 2 widens to a four-lane, undivided highway. It then crosses the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) tracks and shortly thereafter intersects LA 157 (North Magnolia Street), which takes a northeastern course toward Springhill. LA 157 joins LA 2 eastward out of Plain Dealing, narrowing again to two lanes, before turning south toward Rocky Mount. LA 2 continues due east for before intersecting LA 529 (Emma Cemetery Road). Soon after this intersection, LA 2 crosses Bodcau Bayou into Webster Parish.
In Webster Parish, LA 2 enters Sarepta and intersects US 371, which heads north into Cullen and Springhill and south into Minden. After crossing this intersection, LA 2 immediately turns north onto South Main Street, running parallel to US 371 briefly before turning to the northeast. LA 2 is also signed from this point directly west to US 371, allowing drivers from either direction to bypass the short Main Street segment in favor of US 371. (This connector is officially LA 2 Spur). At a point northeast of Sarepta, LA 2 intersects LA 802, which travels northwest to US 371 at Porterville and Bunker. LA 2 then dips slightly to the south and crosses Bayou Dorcheat at a point known as Sykes Ferry. It then curves back to the northeast toward Shongaloo where it intersects LA 159. Here LA 2 Alternate begins and runs eastward through Haynesville, eventually meeting back up with LA 2 in Bernice. Meanwhile, LA 2 turns southward and runs concurrent with LA 159 to a point known as Leton. At an intersection with LA 160, which heads west to Cotton Valley, LA 159 continues southward to Minden while LA 2 turns to the southeast. Before crossing into Claiborne Parish, LA 2 intersects LA 521, which heads north to Millerton near the Arkansas state line.
After crossing the parish line, LA 2 intersects LA 534 Spur at a point known as Blackburn. After , LA 2 intersects LA 534 itself, which heads north toward Haynesville and south toward Minden. Curving due east, LA 2 intersects LA 3062 which splits off to the southeast into downtown Homer, the parish seat, while LA 2 slightly bypasses the town to the north. Nearing the northwest corner of Homer, LA 2 intersects and begins a concurrency with US 79 Bypass, a western bypass of the town that is also designated as the LA 9 truck route. Just after this intersection, the three concurrent highways intersect LA 540, another route into Homer. After crossing the Louisiana and North West (LNW) short-line railroad, the highways intersect US 79. From this intersection, US 79 heads north to Haynesville and southwest through Homer to Minden; US 79 Bypass ends, having reached its parent route; and LA 2 and LA 9 Truck continue eastward out of Homer.
Homer to Bastrop.
Just east of Homer, LA 2 intersects LA 9, ending the concurrency with LA 9 Truck. LA 9 heads northeast through Summerfield to Junction City and south through Homer to points such as Athens and Arcadia. LA 2 continues due east past the northern end of Lake Claiborne then intersects LA 806, which travels through a point known as Arizona. After , LA 2 intersects LA 518 in Lisbon. LA 518 provides a connection to Lake Claiborne State Park at Aycock to the south. Before exiting Claiborne Parish, LA 2 intersects LA 152, which splits off to the southeast toward Dubach.
LA 2 crosses into Union Parish and continues east, entering Bernice on 8th Street. It then intersects US 63 and US 167, which run northbound along Cherry Street toward Junction City and southbound along Plum Street toward Ruston. LA 2 turns north for four blocks, running briefly concurrent with US 63 and US 167, to 4th Street where it meets the eastern terminus of LA 2 Alternate. LA 2 then turns east, narrowing again to two lanes, and follows 4th Street out of Bernice. outside the town limit, LA 2 intersects LA 550, after which it curves to the southeast through Shiloh. LA 2 then continues in a general eastward direction for before making the first of several crossings over parts of Bayou D'Arbonne Lake. Shortly afterward, LA 2 enters the town of Farmerville, the parish seat. Here it turns south onto North Main Street, running concurrent with LA 15. One block later at Miller Street, LA 33 is added to the concurrency, having entered from the direction of Marion to the northeast. After passing through the center of town, LA 2 turns east onto East Water Street, gaining a center turning lane, while LA 15 and LA 33 continue southward across Bayou D'Arbonne Lake toward Monroe and Ruston, respectively. At Holder Road, the center lane disappears, and LA 2 becomes a two-lane, undivided highway again.
On the parish line, at a point known as Perryville, US 165 and LA 2 intersect LA 554, which heads east to Collinston. The two highways continue to the northeast, roughly parallel to Bayou Bartholomew, for (becoming an un-divided four-lane highway at Henry Avenue) to Point Pleasant and an intersection with LA 592 (Point Pleasant Road). US 165/LA 2 then curves to the east and enters the city of Bastrop.
Bastrop to eastern terminus.
US 165 and LA 2 enter Bastrop on Madison Avenue. As they approach the center of town, eastbound traffic continues east on Madison while westbound traffic follows parallel Jefferson Avenue. At the city's main junction, US 165 and LA 2 intersect US 425, LA 139, and LA 593 which travel northbound on Franklin Street and southbound on Washington Street. At this junction of five highways, US 425 and LA 593 continue north toward the Arkansas state line; LA 139 begins and heads south into Monroe; LA 593 heads south into Collinston; and US 165 and LA 2 are joined by US 425 eastward out of town. At an intersection with LA 830-5 (Elm Street), the median gives way to a center turning lane. Several other minor state routes are encountered on the east side of Bastrop: LA 830-6 (McCreight Street), LA 830-4 (Cooper Lake Road), LA 3051 (Grabault Road), and LA 830-3 (Peach Orchard Road). At the intersection with LA 3051, the highway narrows again to two lanes, undivided.
After crossing the parish line, LA 2 turns to the northeast and intersects LA 585 at Goodwill. After , LA 2 intersects LA 582 at Redwing. LA 582 heads eastward through Forest. Several more minor routes are encountered on the way into Oak Grove, the parish seat: LA 878, LA 597, LA 587, and LA 879. LA 2 follows Main Street through Oak Grove, gaining a center turning lane, and intersects LA 17 (Constitution Avenue), which heads northward to Kilbourne and southward eventually to Delhi on I-20. Continuing east from LA 17, the center turn lane disappears, and LA 2 returns to a two-lane, undivided highway for the remainder of its route. Just east of Oak Grove, LA 2 intersects LA 589, another route into Forest, then crosses Bayou Macon into East Carroll Parish. LA 2 travels east for a final before reaching its eastern terminus, US 65, at Highland, a point just north of Lake Providence.
History.
Pre-1955 route numbering.
In the original Louisiana Highway system in use between 1921 and 1955, the modern LA 2 made up parts of several routes, including State Route 202 from the western terminus at the Texas state line to the intersection with the modern LA 1 south of Vivian; State Route 8 to Vivian; State Route 109 to Plain Dealing; State Route 70 to Shongaloo; State Route 66 to Leton; State Route 490 to Homer; State Route 11 to Lisbon; State Route 489 to Bernice; State Route 11 again to Farmerville; State Route 815 to the intersection with the modern LA 143 west of Sterlington; and State Route 11 once again to the eastern terminus north of Lake Providence.
Alignment changes since 1955.
LA 2 was created with the 1955 Louisiana Highway renumbering, and its route has seen two significant alignment changes - the bypassing of Homer and a re-routing through Webster Parish - and a series of other improvements.
LA 2 originally followed LA 3062 into downtown Homer. Upon reaching the intersection with US 79 and LA 9 at the courthouse square, LA 2 continued east out of town co-signed with LA 9. The current alignment bypassing Homer to the north was opened in 1964, eliminating the concurrency with LA 9 and creating LA 3062 along the remainder of the bypassed route. The other major alignment change shifted much of the route through Webster Parish. From the Bayou Dorcheat bridge at Sykes Ferry (the original western terminus of LA 2 Alternate), LA 2 turned southeast onto Fire Tower Road to LA 160. It then followed current LA 160 and Leton Cutoff Road to Leton. Here it turned south onto current LA 159 and east onto Pistol Thomas Road, rejoining the current alignment just west of Blackburn. LA 2 assumed its current alignment between Sykes Ferry and Leton in the early 1970s following what was previously LA 2 Alternate to Shongaloo and co-signed with LA 159 to Leton. The western terminus of LA 2 Alternate was then truncated to its current location at Shongaloo.
Other alignment changes have included the creation of a couplet through Bastrop around 1969 with Madison Avenue converted to carry westbound traffic only and Jefferson Avenue added to carry eastbound traffic; the slight relocation of the intersection with US 165 at Sterlington around 1982 (Waterside Drive northeast of Old Sterlington Road is a remnant of the original connection); the streamlining of the junction at Leton about the same time; the shift onto a new bridge over Bayou Dorcheat at Sykes Ferry around 1984; and the re-routing onto a parallel street through Plain Dealing (LA 2 originally followed Palmetto Street east of LA 3). More minor alignment changes resulted from the smoothing of several curves along the route, mostly in Claiborne and Union Parishes. Remnants of the original route exist today as short sections of local roads such as Old Homer Road near Blackburn, Old Lisbon Road at LA 806, Rocky Springs Road at LA 518, and Ben Lowery Road east of Shiloh.
More recent alterations have included: a change of connector in Vivian, slightly shortening the route by following Camp Road instead of East Arkansas Avenue; the widening of US 63/US 167 to four lanes through Bernice, much of which is concurrent with LA 2, by converting Cherry Street to carry northbound traffic only and parallel Plum Street added to carry southbound traffic; and lastly, the construction of a high-level bridge over the Ouachita River slightly shifted the alignment at Sterlington. The new bridge, opened in July 2009, replaced the original swing bridge completed in 1932 during the administration of Governor Huey P. Long. The original bridge existed just to the south of the current span and has been demolished, but the approach roads still exist. The approach on the Union Parish side is now a local road while that on the Ouachita Parish side is now an extension of LA 553 as the height of the new bridge prevents LA 2 and LA 553 to intersect at the original location.
Future.
Construction is currently underway by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development (La DOTD) to extend I-49 north from Shreveport to the Arkansas state line parallel to US 71, a project scheduled for completion in 2016. An interchange with LA 2 has been constructed east of Hosston and is set to open in Summer 2013 along with all but the southernmost portion of the project on the northwest side of Shreveport.
Auxiliary routes.
Louisiana Highway 2 Alternate.
Louisiana Highway 2 Alternate (LA 2 Alt.) runs in a west–east direction from Shongaloo to Bernice, connecting to LA 2 at either end. LA 2 Alternate parallels the route of LA 2 to the north, traveling through the town of Haynesville where it intersects US 79.
LA 2 Alternate is an anomaly in the current state highway system, being the only bannered state route designated in the 1955 renumbering and the only "Alternate" state route. Its route has seen only one major change, the relocation of its western terminus from Sykes Ferry to Shongaloo in the early 1970s. The intervening route was assumed by LA 2, which was re-routed through Webster Parish at this time, shortening LA 2 Alternate by .
Louisiana Highway 2 Spur.
Louisiana Highway 2 Spur (LA 2 Spur) provides a direct connection between westbound LA 2 and northbound US 371 in Sarepta.
From the east, as LA 2 turns south onto Main Street, LA 2 Spur continues straight ahead to US 371, a distance of on a two-lane, undivided roadway. LA 2 Spur also allows LA 2 traffic from either direction to bypass the brief section of the route running along Main Street in favor of the parallel US 371. This is facilitated by the route being signed simply as LA 2 with directional markers at US 371 leading back to the actual LA 2.
LA 2 Spur was created around 1959 when LA 7 (now US 371), formerly concurrent with LA 2 along Main Street, was shifted onto a parallel alignment through Sarepta.

</doc>
<doc id="5995756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995756" title="Athanasius of Naples">
Athanasius of Naples

Athanasius (died 898) was the Bishop (as Athanasius II) and Duke of Naples from 878 to his death. He was the son of Gregory III and brother of Sergius II, whom he blinded and deposed in order to seize the throne while he was already bishop.
In this usurpation, Athanasius was originally supported (financially) by Pope John VIII, who desired to break the Neapolitan friendship with the Saracens. John had even written to Athanasius in a letter dated 9 September 876, saying "non diligere Deum, qui mandata eius participando cum perfidis non custodit."
In 879, John excommunicated Athanasius, for the latter had not yet broken with the Moslems. He was instead involving himself in the wars over the throne of Capua. He assisted Atenulf against his brothers and cousins. With Byzantine troops, he besieged Capua itself. From about 881, he himself ruled Capua, technically a vassal of Prince Guaimar I of Salerno. He and Guaimar fought an indecisive war while the latter was preoccupied with the Saracen menace Athanasius was ignoring. In 886, Athanasius, since released from excommunication, was allied with the Saracens again and received a threat from Pope Stephen V of a blockade of Naples.
By 887, Atenulf was installed in Capua as count. In 888, Athanasius and Atenulf disputed the region of "Liburnia" and went to war. They fought an indecisive battle at S. Carzio on the Clanio.
In 895, Athanasius fomented a revolt of the Neapolitan populace in the city of Salerno. However, Guaimar's young son, Guaimar II, put it down.
Domestically, Athanasius increased the power and prestige of Naples. He was a hellenophile who worked to preserve many Greek manuscripts and maintain good relations with Byzantium. He had a daughter, Gemma, who married Landulf I of Benevento, son of his former ally Atenulf. He was succeeded as duke by his nephew Gregory IV and as bishop by his brother Stephen.

</doc>
<doc id="5995764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995764" title="Indium(III) bromide">
Indium(III) bromide

Indium(III) bromide, (indium tribromide), InBr3, is a chemical compound of indium and bromine. It is a Lewis acid and has been used in organic synthesis.
Structure.
It has the same crystal structure as aluminium trichloride, with 6 coordinate indium atoms. When molten it is dimeric, In2Br6, and it is predominantly dimeric in the gas phase. The dimer has bridging bromine atoms with a structure similar to dimeric aluminium trichloride Al2Cl6.
Preparation and reactions.
It is formed by the reaction of indium and bromine.
InBr3 forms complexes with ligands, L, InBr3L, InBr3L2, InBr3L3.
Reaction with indium metal forms lower valent indium bromides, InBr2, In4Br7, In2Br3, In5Br7, In7Br9, indium(I) bromide.
In refluxing xylene solution InBr3 and In metal react to form InBr2.

</doc>
<doc id="5995771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995771" title="Himalay Ki Godmein">
Himalay Ki Godmein

Himalay Ki God Mein (, ) is a 1965 Indian film directed by Vijay Bhatt starring Manoj Kumar and Mala Sinha in lead roles and Shashikala in supporting role. Along with winning the Filmfare Best Movie Award, the film was also a "Superhit" at the boxoffice and was listed in the top 20 earners of the 1960s.
Plot.
Sunil Mehra (played by Manoj Kumar) completes his medical studies and becomes a doctor. He is kidnapped by dacoits in Himalayas and harassed and left badly hurt. Phoolwa, a village girl (played by Mala Sinha) find him in his poor state and then takes care of his till he becomes fit. He then leaves for his home in the city. But he decides to go back to Himalayas and help poor people who don't have proper facilities and no good medical care. Villagers resist his arrival as they don't trust his modern medicines but believe only in local healers. Worried for him, Sunil's family sends his fiancée Neeta (played by Shashikala) to get him back. Sunil in turn asks Neeta, who also is a doctor, to stay there with him. Firm on his decision, he stays. He also falls in love with Phoolwa.
Music.
The music for the film is composed by the duo Kalyanji Anandji.
Awards.
The film was nominated in various categories at the 13th Filmfare Awards but winning only for Best Film.

</doc>
<doc id="5995785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995785" title="Rise 13">
Rise 13

Rise 13: Magick Rock Vol. 1 is a compilation CD of stoner rock and doom metal bands; including Goatsnake, Orange Goblin, Sheavy, Spirit Caravan, and Unida. It was released in 1999 by Rise Above Records (their 13th release).

</doc>
<doc id="5995790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995790" title="Janet Laurence">
Janet Laurence

Janet Laurence (1947 – ) is a Sydney based Australian artist who works in mixed media and installation. Her work has been included in major survey exhibitions, nationally and internationally and is regularly exhibited in Sydney, Melbourne and Japan.
Her work explores a relationship to the natural world, often from an architectural context. It extends from the gallery space into the urban fabric, and has been realized in many site specific projects, often involving collaborations with architects, landscape architects and environmental scientists.
She has received many grants and awards including a Rockefeller Residency in 1997.
Laurence was a Trustee of the Art Gallery of NSW from 1995 to 2005.
Laurence is a council member of Voiceless, the animal protection institute. 
Laurence was the subject of John Beard's winning entry for the 2007 Archibald Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="5995795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995795" title="Serviceton railway line">
Serviceton railway line

The Serviceton railway line (also known as the Western line) is a railway serving the west of Victoria, Australia. The line links the state capital of Melbourne to the cities of Ballarat and Ararat, and once extended to the South Australian border as part of the Melbourne-Adelaide railway. In this role it has been replaced by the Western standard gauge line.
Services.
Metro Trains Melbourne operates suburban passenger train services along the inner section of the line as far as Sunbury on the Sunbury Line, while V/Line services operate as the Interurban Ballarat Line and the Intercity Ararat Line. During peak hour some services originate and terminate at Bacchus Marsh. Passengers on the inner section of the line to Melton are permitted to use Metcard tickets to access the services, with this section marked as the Melton line on suburban network maps. Beyond Ararat the line is part of the Western standard gauge line and sees "The Overland" to "Adelaide".
Freight services also use the line between Ballarat and Melbourne, coming off the Mildura line. The Western standard gauge also sees a large number of interstate freight trains as part of the Melbourne-Adelaide railway.
History.
The first railway line from Melbourne to Ballarat was via Geelong. Construction of the Geelong-Ballarat line began in 1858 and took nearly four years to complete. The project employed 3,000 men and cost approximately 1.5 million pounds. The line officially opened in 1862, with the first train running on 10 April—at a rate of 15 miles per hour—taking around four and a half hours to reach Geelong, amid various complications, including the inability to pull up a hill and the lack of firewood. The return trip commenced at 12:20pm, arriving in Ballarat at 3pm.
The line was extended from Ballarat to Beaufort in 1874 and to Ararat in 1875. It took until 1889 for a direct line from Melbourne to Ballarat to be opened, in part due to the difficult terrain between Bacchus Marsh and Ballan.
Up until 1995 the line through Ballarat was the main route for freight trains between Melbourne and Adelaide, as well as "The Overland" services to Adelaide, and V/Line services to Horsham and Dimboola. V/Line passenger rail services beyond Ballarat were withdrawn on 27 May 1994, and in 1995 the One Nation Program rerouted the main interstate line via North Shore and Maroona and the broad gauge line between Ballarat and Ararat was closed to all traffic. The broad gauge passenger service from Ballarat to Ararat was not reinstated until 2004.
Work began in 2005 on upgrades between Sunshine and Ballarat as part of the Regional Fast Rail project, which saw heavier tracks and concrete sleepers installed, renewal of ballast and a new signalling system. A number of deviations were built to ease curves on the line, as well as seven new bridges, with the Lal Lal Creek and Moorabool River bridges amongst the longest in Australia. The works were completed and the first VLocity train ran on the line on 22 December 2005.
As part of the Transit Cities program, a new station was opened at Wendouree on 14 June 2009.
In June 2008 Pacific National and grain handler GrainCorp announced they would cease rail freight operations on the Yaapeet to Dimboola line. The decision was based on the Rail Freight Network Review chaired by former Deputy Prime Minister Tim Fischer, which placed the Yaapeet line at the lowest level of investment priority. As a result farmers at Rainbow, Jeparit and Yaapeet must truck their grain to GrainCorp's Warracknabeal grain centre instead of the Rainbow depot. A local council attacked the plan as it would result in the need to upgrade roads in the area.
Branch lines and extensions.
Ballarat region.
A branch line was built from Ballarat to Newtown and Skipton in 1883. This line closed in 1985. A branch was built between Newtown, Cressy and Irrewarra (east of Colac) about 1910. This line was closed in 1953.
A branch line was built from Linton junction to the Ballarat Cattle Yards and Redan in 1886. This line was closed in 1997.
Ararat and western branches.
The line was extended from Ballarat to Beaufort in 1874 and Ararat in 1875, Stawell in 1876, Murtoa in 1878, Horsham in 1882, Dimboola in 1882 and linked with the South Australian Railways at Serviceton in 1887.
Until 1993, two daily broad gauge V/Line trains ran from Melbourne to Dimboola as well as the nightly "The Overland" service from Melbourne to Adelaide. Under the Kennett Government's economic reforms, the V/Line train service was then cut back to Ararat. The Ballarat to Ararat section was closed in 1994 with gauge standardisation of the line, which made reinstatement of a V/Line service beyond Ararat virtually impossible.
"The Overland" service was re-routed via Maroona after the works were complete, while the broad gauge passenger service from Ballarat to Ararat was not reinstated until 2004 by the Labor State Government.
A branch line was built from Stawell to Grampians station in the 1880s, but it was closed in the 1930s.
A branch line was built from Lubeck (between Stawell and Murtoa to Rupanyup in the 1890 and extended to Marnoo by 1910 and Bolangum in the 1920s. It was closed in 1983.
A branch line was opened from Murtoa to Warracknabeal in 1886 and extended to Beulah in 1893, Roseberry and Hopetoun in 1894 and Patchewollock in the 1920s. The section from Hopetoun to Patchewollock was closed in the 1980s. The line from Murtoa to Hopetoun was converted to standard gauge in 1995. It has not carried passengers for many years and grain services between Roseberry to Hopetoun were suspended in 2005.
A branch line was completed between Horsham, East Natimuk and Noradjuha in the 1880s and extended to Balmoral by 1920. This was connected to Cavendish and Hamilton in the 1920s. The line from Noradjuha to Hamilton was closed in the 1970s. A branch was built from East Natimuk to Carpolac in 1894. This line and the branch to Noradjuha were closed in the 1990s.
A branch was opened from Dimboola to Jeparit in 1894 and extended to Rainbow in 1899 and Yaapeet in 1914. The line was converted to standard gauge in 1995. The line was deemed un-usable after severe flooding in January 2011. An announcement was made in September 2011 by the Victorian Government, that they would contribute $5.3 million to restoring the line from Dimboola to Rainbow.
Another branch line was opened from Jeparit to Yanac by 1920, but was closed in 1986.
Ararat southwards.
A line was built from Ararat to Portland in 1877, via Maroona, Hamilton, and Heywood. A number of branch lines were built from this line, none of which are in use today. This line was converted to standard gauge in 1995.
A line was opened from Gheringhap on the Geelong – Ballarat line to Cressy and Maroona in 1913. This was converted to standard gauge in 1995 and became the Western standard gauge line between Melbourne and Perth.
Line guide.
Broad Gauge tracks are in red, and Standard Gauge is in blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5995806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995806" title="The Spooky Bunch">
The Spooky Bunch

The Spooky Bunch (小姐撞到鬼 aka. 撞到正) is a 1980 Hong Kong movie directed by Ann Hui.

</doc>
<doc id="5995810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995810" title="Dez Giraldi">
Dez Giraldi

Dezmon (Dez) Wallace Giraldi (born 24 March 1986 in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia) is a former footballer.
Club career.
Giraldi signed with A-League club Adelaide United for the 2006-07 season, after a four-week stint with the Central Coast Mariners during the 2005-06 A-League season. He has represented Australia at Under-17 and Under-23 level, while also being part of Empoli's squad in the Italian Serie A. Giraldi gave up his squad number when Romario arrived in Adelaide so the Brazilian could wear the #11 he had worn all his career. Dez got the #23 he wanted when he first came to the club.
He was released by Adelaide United at the end of the 2007–2008 season. He moved to NSW Premier League club Wollongong Wolves before signing a six-week loan contract with A-League club Sydney FC to replace the injured Brendon Santalab. In an interview, Giraldi spoke about depression and anxiety, which he had experienced.

</doc>
<doc id="5995824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995824" title="John Bergamo">
John Bergamo

John Bergamo (May 28, 1940 – October 19, 2013) was an American percussionist and composer. Since 1970 he has been the coordinator of the percussion department at the California Institute of the Arts.
In 1959 Bergamo attended the Lenox School of Jazz in Lenox Mass. next door to Tanglewood, the summer home of the Boston Symphony. Under a scholarship, Bergamo studied drumset with Max Roach; had Percy Heath and Kenny Dorham as jazz band instructors; studied history and theory with Gunther Schuller, Marshall Stearns and George Russell; and was classmates with Ornette Coleman, and Don Cherry. In 1962 Bergamo earned an M.M. degree from Manhattan School of Music (studying percussion with Paul Price and composition with Michael Colgrass), followed by three summers in Tanglewood and time in New York City as a freelance musician.
In the fall of 1964, he joined the Creative Associates at the State University at Buffalo. This group was formed by Lukas Foss, and its members included percussionist Jan Williams; composers George Crumb, Sylvano Bussoti, Mauricio Kagel, and Fred Myrow; Bassist Buell Neidlinger; oboist / saxophonist Andrew N. White III; singers Carol Plantamura, Sylvia Brigham Dimiziani, and Larry Bogue; composer / trombonist Vinko Globokar; violinist Paul Zukofsky; clarinetist Sherman Friedlander; cellist Jay Humeston; composer / pianist Michael Sahl; violist Jean Depuey; and flutist Karl Kraber. The Creative Associates at SUNY Buffalo explored the avant-garde in a wide variety of 20th Century styles, and performed regularly in Buffalo and in New York's Carnegie recital Hall. Some of the results of this group included the first book of madrigals by George Crumb, Vibone by Vinko Globokar, Passion Selon Sade by Sylvano Bussotti, and Songs From the Japanese by Fred Myrow. From this group Bergamo became involved in smaller "sub-groups" with Buell Neidlinger, Charles Gayle, and Andrew White; and a trio with George Crumb and Paul Zukofsky. 
Relocating to the west coast in 1968, Bergamo taught briefly at the University of Washington, before coming to CalArts in 1970, where he taught from when the school's doors first opened until his retirement in 2005. Upon moving to the West Coast Bergamo became heavily involved in the study of North and South Indian drumming as well as other non-European drumming traditions. Bergamo studied tabla with Mahaparush Misra, Shankar Ghosh, Swapan Chaudhuri, and South Indian drumming with T.H. Subashchandran, T.H. Vinayakram, T. Rangnathan, Poovalur Srinivasan, P.S. Venkatesan. Bergamo has also studied North Indian classical music with Ali Akbar Khan at the Ali Akbar College of Music in San Rafael, California, leading to a spell as Khansahib's road manager in late 1960s, and later playing with Ali Akbar Khan on works of a contemporary nature (e.g. the album: Journey in 1990). In 1979 Bergamo became perhaps the first Westerner to study the thavil in Chennai, India.
Over the course of his career, he has performed with Frank Zappa, Nexus, Dave Liebman, Ali Akbar Khan, Lou Harrison, Malcolm Goldstein, Mickey Hart, Emil Richards, Shadowfax, L. Shankar, Glen Velez, Repercussion Unit, Lukas Foss, Gunther Schuller, Walter Quintus, Charles Wuorinen (The Group for Contemporary Music at Columbia University), Shakti with John McLaughlin, Trichy Sankaran, and Steve Gadd, and participated in the "World Drums" performance at Expo 86.
In addition, he has performed on the soundtracks of a number of Hollywood films, including "Act of Violence", "Altered States", "Bad News Bears go to Japan", "Chapter Two", "Crossroads", "The Exorcist II", "The Heretic", "Island of Dr. Moreau" (1996), "L.A. Story", "National LAmpoon's Class Reunion", "Perfect Weapon", "Popeye", "The Possessed", "Project X", "A Reflection of Fear", "The Scarecrow Sniper", "Tarzan the Ape Man", and "Who's Harry Crumb".
Bergamo has co-founded two all-percussion groups: The Repercussion Unit in 1976 with Larry Stein, Ed Mann, James Hildebrandt, Greg Johnson, Paul Anceau, and Steven "Lucky" Mosko; and The Hands On'Semble with Andrew Grueschow, Randy Gloss and Austin Wrinkle in 1997.
His music is published by Smith Publications.

</doc>
<doc id="5995835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995835" title="Merton Bernfield Memorial Award">
Merton Bernfield Memorial Award

The Merton Bernfield Memorial Award, formerly known as the Member Memorial Award
For Graduate Students and Postdoctoral Fellows, was established in memory of deceased colleagues donations from members of the American Society for Cell Biology. The winner is selected on merit and is invited to speak in Minisymposium at the ASCB Annual Meeting. The winner also receives financial support.

</doc>
<doc id="5995840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995840" title="L. G. Pine">
L. G. Pine

Leslie Gilbert Pine (22 December 1907 – 15 May 1987) was a British author, lecturer, and researcher in the areas of genealogy, nobility, history, heraldry and animal welfare. He was born in 1907 in Bristol, Gloucestershire, England and died in Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk in 1987. He was the son of Lilian Grace Beswetherick and Henry Moorshead Pine (a tea merchant).
From 1935 to 1940 he served as an assistant editor at Burke's Peerage Ltd. During World War II he was an officer in the Royal Air Force intelligence branch, serving in North Africa, Italy, Greece, and India; he retired with the rank of Squadron Leader. After the war and until 1960, he was Burke's executive director. Pine edited "Burke's Peerage," 1949-1959; "Burke's Landed Gentry (of Great Britain)," 1952; "Burke's Landed Gentry (of Ireland)," 1958; and, "Burke's Distinguished Families of America," 1939, 1947. He also edited "The International Year Book and Statesmen's Who's Who," 1953-1960; "Author's and Writer's Who's Who," 1948, 1960; "Who's Who in Music," 1949; and, "Who's Who in the Free Churches," 1951.
A graduate of London University, he became a Barrister-at-Law, Inner Temple, in 1953. Pine was a member of the International Institute of Genealogy and Heraldry, Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, a Fellow of the Ancient Monuments Society, a Life Fellow of the Institute of Journalists, a Freeman of the City of London, and a Liveryman of the Glaziers' Company.
He was managing editor of a British hunting magazine, "Shooting Times", from 1960 to 1964. He later authored an important book highly critical of sport hunting, "After Their Blood", in which he wrote: "It is our duty as men and women of God’s redeemed creation to try not to increase the suffering of the world, but to lessen it. To get rid of bloodsports will be a great step toward this end."
Works.
His books include:
Pine is also the primary contributor to the article "genealogy" in "Encyclopædia Britannica".

</doc>
<doc id="5995863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995863" title="South Range, Wisconsin">
South Range, Wisconsin

South Range is an unincorporated community, located in the town of Parkland, Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States.
South Range is located 11 miles southeast of the city of Superior, in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
The center of South Range is generally considered at the junction of County Road C and County Road K.
Wisconsin Highway 35 and U.S. Highways 2 / 53 (co-signed) are the main routes in the area.
Amnicon Falls State Park is located east of South Range.
Pattison State Park, and the Pattison Park Golf Course, are located west of South Range.
Four Corners Elementary School is in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5995875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995875" title="Splashwater Kingdom">
Splashwater Kingdom

Splashwater Kingdom can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5995888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995888" title="Kids kicking cancer">
Kids kicking cancer

Kids Kicking Cancer is an organization devoted to helping children overcome cancer. It was founded in 1999 by Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg, a black belt in the martial arts and the former Rabbi of congregation Young Israel of Southfield, Michigan, USA. The goal of the organization is to teach children to cope with cancer through martial arts and spiritual training.
Program Goals.
Kids Kicking Cancer partners with existing local hospitals in different communities to provide individual and group instruction, in the martial arts for children with serious acute and chronic illness – including cancer and sickle cell disease. As a way of making patients feel heroic, they are given martial arts uniforms to wear during treatment. During weekly class sessions, children are taught stretching, breathing exercises, guided imagery and meditation, as well as traditional karate moves. The breathing and guided imagery and meditation techniques have proved to be very effective in reducing a child’s anxiety, pain, and discomfort during difficult clinic and hospital procedures.
The organization has been widely lauded in the press. In March 2012, Goldberg was featured in People Magazine in their "Heroes Among Us" feature. In August, 2013, Kids Kicking Cancer was featured on Good Morning America.
Participating hospitals can be found in California, New York, Florida, Michigan, Ontario, Israel, and Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5995889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995889" title="Cody McKay">
Cody McKay

Cody Dean McKay (born January 11, 1974 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He is 6'0 and weighs 210 pounds.
McKay was twice drafted and not signed. First, by the San Francisco Giants in the 48th round of the 1992 Major League Baseball Draft (1335th overall) and by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 5th round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft (127th overall). He was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 9th round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft (255th overall) and did sign.
He is the son of former player and St. Louis Cardinals' first base coach Dave McKay. Cody and his wife Tiernan had their first child, Eden, on March 25, 2004. On December 13, 2007, he was implicated for use of banned performance enhancing substances on page 197 of the Mitchell Report.

</doc>
<doc id="5995892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995892" title="Yudetamago">
Yudetamago

Meeting and debut.
In 1971 Nakai was transferred to Osaka Municipal Suminoe Elementary, where Shimada was attending the 4th Grade. They had different classes but lived in the same apartment building and got to know each other while riding the bus to school. One day in the 5th Grade when Nakai went to play at Shimada's house, Shimada showed him his pictures of Kinnikuman.
When they both graduated to Osaka Municipal Nanryo Middle School, they began collaborating on manga ideas. Their first was an action manga called ', but they then experimented with other genres, such as baseball, karate, and romance. At first they drew strictly on notebook paper, but in the 8th Grade they drew ' on art paper and won the Kintetsu Manga Award. At that time they went by the pen name ', a fusion of their respective pen names at the time.
After they completed Hatsushiba High School and graduated to college, they continued to submit works, hoping to become manga creators. From that point on, Shimada and Nakai began to share the story and art respectively. When they were 16, they submitted their wrestling manga ' to the Akatsuka Award and to the Tezuka Award. Though neither won, they were noticed by an editor at Shueisha and offered to do a one shot.
In 1978, "Kinnikuman" almost won the 9th Akatsuka Award and then debuted in the 1979 #2 (December 1978) issue of Weekly Shōnen Jump. Although the editorial staff viewed it as a childish work that was popular, then editor-in-chief Shigeo Nishimura saw through this and headed for Osaka in order to persuade their parents into letting them become professional manga creators. At the time, both young men were already looking for jobs, but Nishimura promised to take care of them and even got them an apartment in Tokyo. In May 1979, "Kinnikuman" began serialization.
Career.
In 1978, "Kinnikuman" almost won the 9th Akatsuka Award and then later began serialization in "Weekly Shōnen Jump".
Though originally a gag manga, from halfway through on it was a wrestling manga and became a big hit, later gaining an anime adaptation. There was also movies, special chapters, and infobooks. Also, the Choujin who appeared in the series soon appeared as keshi known as Kinkeshi, which became very popular amongst children and later came to America as "M.U.S.C.L.E.".
In 1982, the "Kinnikuman" character Ramenman became so popular that Yude made a one-shot chapter about him for Shueisha's Fresh Jump. This led to a monthly series entitled Tatakae!! Ramenman.
In March 1985, "Kinnikuman" won the 30th Shogakukan Manga Award.
After "Kinnikuman" ended, they tried several other genres of manga, but none of them ever became a big hit. In 1998 a sequel to "Kinnikuman" entitled "Kinnikuman Nisei" began serialization in Weekly Playboy and became their second big hit. It also started the Revival Manga boom.

</doc>
<doc id="5995916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995916" title="ASCB Public Service Award">
ASCB Public Service Award

The American Society for Cell Biology's highest honor for Public Service, the ASCB Public Service Award is for outstanding national leadership in support of biomedical research. The awardees are selected by the ASCB Public Policy Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="5995946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995946" title="The Wanderer (O.A.R. album)">
The Wanderer (O.A.R. album)

The Wanderer is an album released in 1997 by O.A.R. The album was recorded at Gizmo Recording Company in Silver Spring, Maryland with engineer/producer Gantt Kushner while the band was still in high school, and without a record label. The original album artwork and design was conceived of by Jed Tamarkin. The name Of A Revolution was too long to make into a logo so Jed shortened it to simply the acronym O.A.R., its first use as a reference to the band. Online distribution helped make the album popular on college campuses, where O.A.R. attained much of their fan base.

</doc>
<doc id="5995955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995955" title="COS cells">
COS cells

COS is a fibroblast-like cell line derived from monkey kidney tissue. COS cells are obtained by immortalizing CV-1 cells with a version of the SV40 virus that can produce large T antigen but has a defect in genomic replication. The CV-1 cell line in turn was derived from the kidney of the African green monkey.
The word COS is an acronym, derived from the cells being CV-1 (simian) in Origin, and carrying the SV40 genetic material. Two forms of COS cell lines commonly used are COS-1 and COS-7.
Applications.
The COS cell line is often used by biologists when studying the monkey virus SV40. Cells from this line are also often transfected to produce recombinant proteins for molecular biology, biochemistry, and cell biology experiments. 
When an expression construct with an SV40 promoter is introduced into COS cells, the vector can be replicated substantially by the large T antigen.

</doc>
<doc id="5995957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995957" title="Sicard">
Sicard

Sicard is a surname of French and Italian origin which may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5995965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995965" title="Islam in Niger">
Islam in Niger

Islam in Niger accounts for the vast majority of the nation's religious adherents. The faith is practiced by more than 94% of the population, although this figure varies by source and percentage of population who are classified as Animist. The vast majority of Muslims in Niger are Malikite Sunni with Sufi influences. Many of the communities who continue to practice elements of traditional religions do so within a framework of syncretic Islamic belief, making agreed statistics difficult. Islam in Niger, although dating back more than a millennium, gained dominance over traditional religions only in the 19th and early 20th centuries, and has been marked by influences from neighboring societies. Sufi brotherhoods have become the dominant Muslim organisation, like much of West Africa. Despite this, a variety of interpretations of Islam coexist—largely in peace—with one another as well as with minorities of other faiths. The government of Niger is secular in law while recognising the importance of Islam to the vast majority of its citizens.
Demographics.
Majority of Muslims are Sunni with many of those being linked to the Tijaniya Sufi brotherhoods. Approximately 7% are Shi'a and 6% Ahmadi. Hammallism and Sanusiya sects have had historic influence in the far west and far northeast of the county in the colonial period, while sections of Nyassist Sufi orders and Arab Wahhabite followers have appeared in the last thirty years. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is also present, established in the country in 1956.
History.
Islam was spread into what is now Niger beginning in the 15th century, by both the expansion of the Songhai Empire in the west, and the influence of the Trans-Saharan trade traveling from the Maghreb and Egypt. Tuareg expansion from the north, culminating in their seizure of the far eastern oases from the Kanem-Bornu Empire in the 17th centuries, spread distinctively Berber practices. Both Zarma and Hausa areas were greatly influenced by the 18th and 19th century Fula led Sufi brotherhoods, most notably the Sokoto Caliphate (in today's Nigeria).
The region around Say, on the Niger River was a center of Sufi religious instruction and Maliki legal interpretation, imported by Fulani clerics in the 1800s. While the Qadiriyyah Sufi orders were dominant in Northern and eastern Niger in the 19th century, as well as those areas under the sway of the Sokoto Caliphate, the first two decades of 20th century saw the rise of the Tijaniya, especially in the west of the country. Militantly anti-colonial Hammallism spread from Mali in the northwest in the 1920s, while much of the Kaocen Revolt of Tuareg groups was inspired by Sanusiya sects in what is today Libya. More recently, Senegalese Nyassist Sufi teachers, especially in the Dosso area have gained converts, while some small Arab Wahhabite teaching is funded in Niger—as in much of Africa—through Saudi Arabian missionary groups.
Contemporary Islam.
Government support.
The government does not directly fund religion and is legally separated from religious practice, but has funded several Muslim-oriented programs, such as a Muslim radio ministry and given US$18.5 Million in 1982 towards the establishment of the Islamic University of Niger in Say, itself founded and partially funded through donations from the Arab world.
The government has made three Muslim feasts national holidays, as well as two Christian holidays.
1990s conflict.
In the 1990s there surfaced agitation for a move to the institutionalization of a Sharia legal system or even an Islamic Republic, attributed to elements of the Hausa based Islamist movements across the border in Nigeria. The Maradi based Movement for Suppressing Innovations and Restoring Sunnah - IZALA, allegedly funded by clerics from Jos, Nigeria pushed for greater adherence to their interpretation of Muslim law, and the conversion of those practicing other religions or holding Muslim interpretations inconsistent with these clerics. Tensions between these groups rose during the political instability marking the end of the Third Republic (1993–1996), attributed also to population movements of rural syncretic Muslims because of food shortages and political involvement of Nigerian groups and of the Niger military government who seized power between 1996-1999. Tensions culminated in a series of November 2000 riots surrounding a French run Niamey based fashion show which they deemed immoral. Violence in Niamey and Maradi, the center for most fundamentalist groups, spread to attacks on government, western, and Christian missionaries. The Nigerien government under both the Third Republic and (current) Fifth Republic has been swift and harsh in crackdowns on groups suspected of promoting religious intolerance, banning a number of religious groups and imprisoning leaders. Niger maintains its status as a secular state enshrined in the constitution of the Fifth Republic.
Tolerance.
These events were seen then and now as more exception than rule, with interfaith relations deemed very good, and the forms of Islam traditionally practiced in most of the country marked by tolerance of other faiths and lack of restrictions on personal freedom. Divorce and Polygyny are unremarkable, women are not secluded, and headcoverings are not mandatory—they are often a rarity in urban areas. Alcohol, such as the locally produced Bière Niger, is sold openly in most of the country.
Sycretic beliefs.
Despite a long history in what is today Niger, Islam did not become the dominant faith of many rural areas until the 20th century. The continuation of some elements of traditional beliefs continue both is small isolated pockets, and in practices of larger groups of nominal Muslim Nigeriens. Communities who continue to practice elements of traditional religions are often marked out as ethnic sub groups of the Songhay, the Kanouri (the Manga sub group), or Hausa (the Maouri/Azna/Mawri). The distinction between these groups and their Muslim neighbors is often a gradient. As well, elements of some Muslim communities continue to practice traditional spirit possession cults, active in the late 19th century. These include the "holey" cults of the Djerma and the Bori cult of the Hausa.

</doc>
<doc id="5995969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995969" title="Neutron Tide">
Neutron Tide

"Neutron Tide" is a short story written by Arthur C. Clarke. It is among his shortest pieces of writing, consisting solely of a 2-page, detailed description of a futuristic scenario in order to use a pun as a punch-line.
Plot summary.
Clarke describes a space battleship flying too close to the gravitational field of a neutron star, and subsequently being torn to bits by the high tidal forces. A military commander revealing this in a meeting says the only identifiable piece of debris was from an engineer's toolkit, resulting in the pun, "star-mangled spanner": a play on the title of the United States' national anthem.
See also.
Feghoot, a short story designed to end with a pun.

</doc>
<doc id="5995983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5995983" title="Type 80 Air-to-Ship Missile">
Type 80 Air-to-Ship Missile

Type 80 Air-to-Ship Missile (80式空対艦誘導弾, ASM-1) is an air-launched Air-to-ship missile developed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. It entered service with the Japan Air Self-Defense Force in 1982. The major launch platforms for the Type 80 are the Mitsubishi F-1, JASDF F-4EJ "Kai" and Mitsubishi F-2.
The missile is primarily intended as an air-launched coastal defence weapon. In fact it is somewhat more capable than this, able to engage both sea and land targets such as buildings and bridges. The Type 80 also serves as the basis of several other weapons; it forms part of the ground-launched SSM-1 system and was also developed into the Type 88 SSM(Surface-to-Ship Missile), the Type 90 SSM (Ship-to-Ship Missile), and the 91 and 93 ASMs (Air-to-Ship Missile).

</doc>
<doc id="5996003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996003" title="Internet censorship in India">
Internet censorship in India

Internet censorship in India is selectively practised by both federal and state governments. While there is no sustained government policy or strategy to block access to Internet content on a large scale, measures for removing content that is obscene or otherwise objectionable, or that endangers public order or national security have become more common in recent years. However, websites blocked either by the government or Internet service providers can often be accessed through proxy servers (see Internet censorship circumvention).
Overview.
OpenNet Initiative report.
The OpenNet Initiative classified India as engaged in "selective" Internet filtering in the political, conflict/security, social, and Internet tools areas in 2011. ONI describes India as:
Reporters Without Borders "countries under surveillance".
In March 2012, Reporters Without Borders added India to its list of "countries under surveillance", stating that:
Freedom House report.
The India country report that is included in Freedom House's "Freedom on the Net 2012" report, says:
Background.
In June 2000, the Indian Parliament created the Information Technology (IT) Act to provide a legal framework to regulate Internet use and commerce, including digital signatures, security, and hacking. The act criminalises the publishing of obscene information electronically and grants police powers to search any premises without a warrant and arrest individuals in violation of the act. A 2008 amendment to the IT Act reinforced the government's power to block Internet sites and content and criminalised sending messages deemed inflammatory or offensive.
Internet filtering can also be mandated through licensing requirements. For example, ISPs seeking licences to provide Internet services with the Department of Telecommunications (DOT) "shall block Internet sites and/or individual subscribers, as identified and directed by the Telecom Authority from time to time" in the interests of "national security". Licence agreements also require ISPs to prevent the transmission of obscene or otherwise objectionable material.
In 2001, the Bombay High Court appointed a committee to oversee issues relating to online pornography and Cybercrime. The Court invited the petitioners, Jayesh Thakkar and Sunil Thacker, to make recommendations on cyber laws. The committee published a report which analyses the key issues and made recommendations regarding areas such as the licensing of cyber cafés, putative identity cards for cyber cafe visitors, that minors use computers in public spaces, and the maintenance of IP logs by cyber cafes. The Committee also recommended that internet service providers keep correct time logs and records.
The report also addressed the protection of children from adult websites and advised internet service providers to provide parental control software for every Internet connexion. The committee also identified lack of technical knowledge in the police as a problem. The report was well received by the courts, and its recommendations are being implemented the police and cyber cafés. The Cyber Crime Investigation Cell was set up pursuant to a recommendation made by the committee.
In 2003, the Government of India established the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN) to ensure Internet security. Its stated mission is "to enhance the security of India's Communications and Information Infrastructure through proactive action and effective collaboration". CERT-IN is the agency that accepts and reviews requests to block access to specific websites. All licensed Indian ISPs must comply with CERT-IN decisions. There is no review or appeals process. Many institutions, including the Ministry of Home Affairs, courts, the intelligence services, the police and the National Human Rights Commission, may call on it for specialist expertise. By stretching the prohibition against publishing obscene content to include the filtering of Web sites, CERT-IN was empowered to review complaints and act as the sole authority for issuing blocking instructions to the Department of Telecommunications (DOT). Many have argued that giving CERT-IN this power through executive order violates constitutional jurisprudence holding that specific legislation must be passed before the government can encroach on individual rights.
"I am mystified by our government's approach both to the internet and to the millions of Indians using it. It does not adhere to the values of our republic and democracy. This matter needs to be addressed urgently, for which I propose to file a PIL in the Supreme Court. Don't kill the freedom of speech, change the IT Rules", says Rajeev Chandrasekhar, Member of Parliament.
Instances of censorship.
Dawn website (1999).
Immediately after the Kargil War in 1999, the website of the Pakistani daily newspaper "Dawn" was blocked from access within India by Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited, a government-owned telecommunications company which at the time had monopoly control of the international internet gateways in India. Rediff, a media news website, claimed that the ban was instigated by the Indian government, and then published detailed instructions as to how one could bypass the filter and view the site.
Yahoo Groups (2003).
In September 2003, Kynhun, a Yahoo group linked to the "Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council" (an illegal, minor separatist group from Meghalaya), which discussed the case of the Khasi tribe was banned. The Department of Telecommunications asked Indian ISPs to block the group, but difficulties led to all Yahoo! groups being banned for approximately two weeks.
Websites blocked (2006).
In July 2006, the Indian government ordered the blocking of 17 websites, including some hosted on the Geocities, Blogspot and Typepad domains. Initial implementation difficulties led to these domains being blocked entirely. Access to sites on these domains other than those specifically banned was restored by most ISPs after about a week.
Orkut and Indian law enforcement agreement (2007).
In 2007, Indian law enforcement entered an agreement with the then popular social networking site Orkut to track down what it deems defamatory content which, in their example, includes content critical of Bal Thackeray.
IRC Undernet ban (2008).
IRC Undernet (www.undernet.org) was banned without any media coverage in 2008. However the ban was lifted.
2011.
New IT rules adopted.
The "IT Rules 2011" were adopted in April 2011 as a supplement to the 2000 Information Technology Act (ITA). The new rules require Internet companies to remove within 36 hours of being notified by the authorities any content that is deemed objectionable, particularly if its
nature is "defamatory," “hateful," “harmful to minors," or "infringes copyright". Cybercafé owners are required to photograph their customers, follow instructions on how their cafés should be set up so that all computer screens are in plain sight, keep copies of client IDs and their browsing histories for one year, and forward this data to the government each month.
Websites banned.
In March 2011, the Government banned several websites, Typepad, Mobango, Clickatell, and Facebook for sometime without warning.
On 21 July 2011, all file hosting websites were blocked by ISPs to prevent piracy of the film Singham, causing anger amongst Internet users. This ban was later lifted.
On 24 December 2011, Reliance Communications, a widely used ISP, again blocked access to file-sharing sites, having obtained a John Doe order from a Delhi court to prevent piracy of the movie Don 2 several days before its release. The block was lifted on 30 December 2011.
Pre-screening of Internet content.
On 5 December 2011, "The New York Times" India Ink reported that the Indian government had asked several social media sites and internet companies, including Google, Facebook and Yahoo!, to "prescreen user content from India and to remove disparaging, inflammatory or defamatory content before it goes online." Top officials from the Indian units of Google, Microsoft, Yahoo and Facebook had several meetings with Kapil Sibal, India's acting telecommunications minister to discuss the issue in recent months, India Ink reported. In one meeting, Sibal asked these companies "to use human beings to screen content, not technology," the article said.
On 6 December 2011, communications minister of India Kapil Sibal held a press conference confirming the India Ink story. "We have to take care of the sensibilities of our people," Mr. Sibal told more than 100 reporters during a press conference on the lawn at his home in New Delhi. "Cultural ethos is very important to us."
On 7 December 2011, "The Times of India" revealed that the search engine Google was asked to remove around 358 items by the Government of India out of which 255 items were said to criticise the government as per a Google transparency report. The government had asked Google to remove 236 items from Orkut and 19 items from YouTube for the same reason, it added. Other reasons include defamation (39 requests), privacy and security (20 requests), impersonation (14 requests), hate speech (8 requests), pornography (3 requests) and national security (1 request). Google admitted that 51 per cent of the total requests were partially or fully complied with.
The news of banning and blocking objectionable content on the internet was seen negatively by many Indian netizens and "#IdiotKapilSibal" trended on Twitter after netizens expressed the outrage over the move. It was seen as a way to block websites criticising the government. In an interview to NDTV, Kapil Sibal responded by saying that most of the content being asked to removed was pornographic in nature and involved deities, which could have caused communal disharmony. While Kapil Sibal claimed that the government wanted to remove pornographic content, Google transparency report published by Google claims that the content that included protests against social leaders or used offensive language in reference to religious leaders were not removed. Google on its transparency report states "We received requests from state and local law enforcement agencies to remove YouTube videos that displayed protests against social leaders or used offensive language in reference to religious leaders. We declined the majority of these requests and only locally restricted videos that appeared to violate local laws prohibiting speech that could incite enmity between communities. In addition, we received a request from a local law enforcement agency to remove 236 communities and profiles from orkut that were critical of a local politician. We did not comply with this request, since the content did not violate our Community Standards or local law." Google on this matter has also said that "When content is legal and does not violate our policies, we will not remove it just because it is controversial, as we believe that people's differing views, so long as they are legal, should be respected and protected."
While presently there are talks going on between the government and officials of internet companies like Google and Facebook, there is no consensus on this issue.
Ban on Cartoons Against Corruption.
In 2011, a nation wide anti corruption movement India Against Corruption gathered pace in the leadership of a veteran Gandhian Anna Hazare demanding Jan Lokpal Bill. Political cartoonist Aseem Trivedi joined the crusade and started a cartoon based campaign, Cartoons Against Corruption to support the movement with his art. He launched a website www.cartoonsagainstcorruption.com consisting of his sharp anti corruption cartoons targeting corrupt system and the politicos. He displayed his cartoons in the MMRDA ground, Mumbai during the hunger strike of Anna Hazare.
Aseem Trivedi was exhibiting his political cartoons from Cartoons Against Corruption in the anti-corruption protest at the MMRDA grounds, when his website was suspended by Crime Branch, Mumbai. It was only 27 December, the first day of the protest, when he received an email from BigRock, the domain name registrar with which his website was registered, saying, "We have received a complaint from Crime Branch, Mumbai against domain name 'cartoonsagainstcorruption.com' for displaying objectionable pictures and texts related to flag and emblem of India. Hence we have suspended the domain name and its associated services."
The site was suspended after a complaint to the Mumbai Crime Branch by a Mumbai-based advocate and congress leader, R.P. Pandey. The complaint stated that "defamatory and derogatory cartoons" were displayed as posters during Mr. Hazare's hunger strike in Mumbai. Noting that the posters were created by Aseem Trivedi and "are believed to be made at the instance of Shri Anna Hazare," the complaint requested "strict legal action in the matter."
Following his website's ban, Aseem Trivedi uploaded all the cartoons to a blog he quickly created.
2012.
Delhi court summons.
In January 2012, a Delhi court issues summons to Google and Facebook headquarters for objectionable content. This was followed by the Delhi High Court saying that websites such as Google and Facebook were liable for the content, posted on their platform by users, as they benefited from the content. Google responded to both the Court and the Minister for Communication and IT Kapil Sibal, stating that it was impossible to pre-screen content. A plea was made by an educationist citing any sanctions on the online services will directly affect the fundamental right and will be against public interest. The Delhi Court also allowed Yahoo's case to be heard separately after it appealed citing it did not host any objectionable content and does not fall under the social networking site category.
Websites blocked.
Starting 3 May 2012, a number of websites including Vimeo, The Pirate Bay, Torrentz and other torrent sites were allegedly blocked by Reliance Communications, on orders from Department of Telecom without any stated reasons or prior warnings. As of 12 May, the ban had been lifted and all sites are working properly again. As of 18 May, there were work-arounds and browser extensions like Unblock that unblocked access to most of the blocked sites, either using a simple proxy like Google translate or redirecting to unblocked versions of the site. The sites Vimeo, Dailymotion, Torrentz.eu were later unblocked.
Reliance DNS servers compromised.
In May 2012, Anonymous India (AnonOpsIndia), a branch of the hacktivist group Anonymous hacked the servers of Reliance Communications to protest the blocking of Vimeo, The Pirate Bay, Torrentz and other torrent sites. Reliance Communications, an ISP stated that it simply followed a court order. The group also hacked Reliance DNS servers preventing direct access to Twitter, Facebook and many other websites in India on 26 May 2012 for allegedly blocking its Twitter handle @OpIndia_Revenge. They went on to warn the Government to restore all the blocked websites till 9 June 2012, and has planned a nationwide protests on the same date.
Annulment motion in Parliament against 2011 IT Rules.
An annulment motion against the Information Technology (Inter-­mediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 moved by Member of Parliament (MP) ­P ­Rajeev of the Communist Party of ­India (Marxist) in the Rajya Sabha, was the first serious attempt by internet freedom activists to get the Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000 discussed and reviewed by the country's lawmakers. Not unexpectedly, the motion (specifically against the rules governing intermediaries – clause (zg) of subsection (2) of Section 87 read with subsection (2) of Section 79 of the IT Act, 2000) was not carried. However, the discussion that preceded it at least demonstrated the concerns of parliamentarians about what internet freedom activists have termed the "draconian" provisions of the IT Act.
Save Your Voice campaign.
Save Your Voice is a movement against Internet censorship in India. It is founded by cartoonist Aseem Trivedi and journalist Alok Dixit in January 2012. The movement opposes Information Technology Act of India and demands democratic rules for the governance of Internet. The campaign is targeted at the draconian rules framed under the Information Technology Act, 2000.
Madras High Court: Entire websites cannot be blocked.
On 15 June 2012, the Madras High Court has passed an order saying that entire websites cannot be blocked on the basis of "John Doe" orders. The High Court order reads:
The High court provided this clarification after being approached by a consortium of Internet Service Providers. The order has been welcomed by the Indian media and net users.
Domain hosting sites.
Starting in July 2012 several domain hosting sites were banned. When opening these sites, a message saying that these sites have been blocked by the Department of Telecommunications or court order is displayed. Sites such as Buydomains.com, Fabulous.com, and Sedo.co.uk were blocked.
Censorship following Assam violence.
Between 18 and 21 August 2012 the Government of India ordered more than 300 specific URLs blocked. The blocked articles, accounts, groups, and videos were said to contain inflammatory content with fictitious details relating to Assam violence and supposedly promoting the NE exodus. These specific URLs include the domains of Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, BlogSpot, WordPress, Google Plus, Wikipedia, Times of India, and other websites.
Many of the blocked URLs are Indian right wing activism against corruption. 
This raised questions about freedom of speech in the largest democracy of the world. It also raised questions about the censorship of people and posts debunking rumors. The Economic Times called the level of censorship as those "that have not so far been seen in India". Over four days from 18 August, the Government of India issued directives to Internet Service Providers to block Twitter accounts of two Delhi based journalists - Kanchan Gupta and Shiv Aroor - and Pravin Togadia. The government also blocked the website of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and several other right-wing websites. In addition, articles from Wikipedia, and news reports of violence in Assam on the websites of "The Times of India", Firstpost, "The Daily Telegraph" and Al-jazeera were blocked.
A petition was created to oppose Internet censorship in India by the Indian diaspora in the US.
Telecom Minister's website defaced.
In November 2012, Anonymous India defaced Indian Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal's constituency website in protest against an amendment to the Information Technology Act and the recent crackdown on netizens for comments posted online.
BSNL website defaced.
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited's (BSNL) website, www.bsnl.co.in, was hacked by Anonymous India on 13 December 2012. They defaced the website with a picture stating that they protest against section 66A of the IT Act and in support of cartoonist Aseem Trivedi and Alok Dixit. The duo have gone on a hunger striker to protest against Section 66A.
2013.
39 websites blocked.
In an order dated 13 June 2013, the Department of Telecom (DoT) directed Indian Internet service providers (ISPs) to block 39 websites. The order didn't specify a reason or law under which the websites were blocked. Most are web forums, where Internet users share images and URLs to pornographic files. However, some of the websites are also image and file hosts, mostly used to store and share files that are not pornographic. While watching or distributing child pornography is illegal in India, watching adult pornography is not. The blocked websites are hosted outside India and claim to operate under the U.S. rule that requires performers to be over 18 years of age.
2014.
472 file sharing and file hosting sites banned.
In an order dated 23 June 2014, the Delhi High court ordered to block 472 file sharing and file hosting websites including The Pirate Bay, Google docs, Google Video and Google’s URL, contrary to the Madras High Court orders which in 2012 asked only urls be banned for the illegal content and not the entire website. 

</doc>
<doc id="5996014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996014" title="Wilhelm Kroll">
Wilhelm Kroll

Wilhelm Kroll (October 7, 1869 – April 21, 1939) was a German classic philologist ("klassischer Philologe").
Kroll was born in the town of Frankenstein in the Prussian Province of Silesia. Having studied in Breslau (and Berlin), he obtained his Ph.D. in 1891. Afterwards he worked twaords his secondary degree (the German "habilitation") at the Breslau university, which he obtained in 1894. In 1899 he moved to the University of Greifswald for a chair in classics. Afterwards he went on to Münster in 1906 and returned to Breslau in 1913, where he was offered the chair of his former colleague Franz Skutsch.
After having worked as a Breslau professor für more than 20 years Kroll retired in 1935. As his follower he supported the appointment of Hans Drexler, an active Nazi who was prohibited from teaching after WW2. Kroll moved to Berlin in 1937. He sought the anonymity of the big city because of his anti-Nazi reputation. He died in 1939 in Berlin, aged 69.
Kroll was an internationally renowned classicist, owing to his research and, even more, his editorial work on a number of important publication, the biggest of which was the "Realencyclopädie der Classischen Altertumswissenschaft". Kroll directed this encyclopedia from 1906 until his death, combining the work of classical scholars from all over Europe and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5996015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996015" title="Liberty News TV">
Liberty News TV

Liberty News TV is an American monthly grassroots progressive television news program produced in Portland, Maine. The show took a two-year hiatus from October 2009 to June 2011, when it relaunched on the progressive non-profit cable channel Free Speech TV on Dish Network, over the Internet, and on a number of Public, educational, and government access (PEG) cable TV channels across the country. It is also available for podcasting as audio files on iTunes.
History.
Written by professional journalists, the program first aired in 2005, originally showing on a monthly basis. In the program's original format, two-thirds of the program offered straight news—though with a clearly progressive perspective—anchored by Liz Chambers. The remaining third offered an editorial by Kevan Quinn, who was replaced by substitute commentator Daniel Noel in 2006. In 2007, the program was revamped and re-tooled, with progressive satire included along with news gathering and analysis. Chambers was replaced for a short-time by the two-host team of Noel and Lizzie Reinholt, but Noel was eventually installed as the sole host.
In 2009, it was announced that "Liberty News TV" would stop airing with episode #40, released in October. The producers noted that the poor economy, along with the election of Barack Obama as president—whom the program argued was inaccurately perceived as a liberal reformer—had greatly reduced their funding from progressive viewers. However, in 2011, "Liberty News TV" resumed production, with Daniel Noel returning as host. A complete high-resolution archive of the 40 half-hour episodes and a detailed index with links to the archive can be found online. The show's post-2011 episodes have been produced sporadically, with the current last episode aired in July 2012.
Description.
Until 2007, the program ran on a timed format, featuring Chambers reading news stories for the first twenty minutes. Occasionally, a special report submitted by a freelance journalist was introduced. The last ten minutes then featured a commentary segment on a particular topic hosted by either Quinn or Noel. Since the 2007 re-tooling, a new format was introduced prominently featuring comedy sketches satirizing both certain current events as well as Republican and Democratic politicians and American public policies. "Liberty News TV" reports have often been critical of corporate news and media organizations such as Sinclair Broadcasting, CNN, and the Fox News Channel, which they see as propaganda institutions serving corporate and military interests.
Past episodes of "Liberty News TV" covered the opposition to the Iraq War, the Christian Right, gay rights, climate change, and media criticism. The new format will return to a two-part program, with host Tess Van Horn focused on social, political and economic news and criticism, and host Daniel Noel returning to host "Mock Therapy," a commentary segment that skewers ignorance, racism and other facets of American culture. 
Production.
The show ran on a very low budget, yet had the "look" of a professional studio setting. The set, as revealed on a local WGME news report, was initially shot in a leaky basement, and was composed of lumber and a bluescreen. Production of the program was supported entirely by donations from individuals and like-minded organizations, who typically donated via Paypal on the website, or sent checks to the Portland address. 

</doc>
<doc id="5996020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996020" title="Michael Hutchins">
Michael Hutchins

Dr. Michael Hutchins (born in 1951) is an American zoologist and, conservationist. 
Early Career.
Curatorial Intern in Mammalogy, Conservation Biologist, and Coordinator of Research, Bronx Zoo (Wildlife Conservation Society).
Michael began his career with the Wildlife Conservation Society's Bronx Zoo. Serving first as a curatorial intern in the Zoo's Department of Mammalogy, he was later promoted to conservation biologist and coordinator of research after graduating with his PhD in 1984 from the University of Washington in Seattle. As Conservation Biologist, Dr. Hutchins developed a coordinated research program at the Bronx Zoo, including the development of protocols for working with local universities, processing biological materials requests, and adhering to USDA APHIS rules regarding animal welfare.Many seminal papers on zoo research program design were published and served as a model for other zoological institutions worldwide.[1a, While at the UW, he served as a graduate instructor and acting assistant professor, teaching courses in animal behavior and behavioral ecology.
References.
1a) Hutchins, M. 1990. Serving science and conservation: The biological materials request protocol of the New York Zoological Society. Zoo Biology 9: 447-460.
2a) Hutchins, M. 1988. On the design of zoo research programmes. International Zoo Yearbook 27: 9-19.
Doctoral Dissertation and Related Publications.
For his PhD dissertation, Dr. Hutchins studied an introduced population of Rocky Mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus") in Olympic National Park, Washington and subsequently published a number of articles on the behavioral ecology and management of this unique population of Rocky Mountain goats.,,,,
References.
'"1aa) Hutchins, M. 1995. The Olympic mountain goat controversy continues. Conservation Biology 9(5): 1-3.
2aa) Hutchins, M. 1989. The goats that don't belong. Animal Kingdom, 89 (3): 20-29.
3aa) Sleeper, B. and Hutchins, M. 1989. The horns of a dilemma; mountain goats create an Olympic-sized problem. Pacific Discovery, 42(1): 16-24.
4aa) Hutchins, M., and Geist, V. 1987. Behavioral considerations in the management of mountain dwelling ungulates. Mountain Research and Development 7: 135-144.
5aa) Hutchins, M., Thompson, G., Sleeper, B., and Foster, J. 1987. Management and breeding of Rocky Mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus") at Woodland Park Zoo. International Zoo Yearbook, 26: 297-308.
6aa) Hutchins, M. 1984. The mother-offspring relationship in mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus"), 1984, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, 351 pp. Diss. Abstr. Int., B. Sci. Eng., 45(11): 3443. 
7aa) Hutchins, M. and Hansen, C. 1982. Mother-infant interactions among free-ranging, non-native mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus") in Olympic National park, Washington. Pp. 58-67 in Ecological Research in National Parks of the Pacific Northwest. Starkey, E., Franklin, J.F., and Matthews, M. (eds.). Corvallis, OR: Oregon State University.
8aa) Hutchins, M. and Stevens, V. 1981. The Olympic mountain goats. Natural History 90: 59-69.
Consultant, Australian Tourist Commission.
Dr. Hutchins assisted in a project designed to promote Australian natural history in North America. In 1985, he traveled extensively for six consecutive months in Australia at Australian Tourist Commission expense, focusing primarily on national parks, wildlife areas, and zoological parks. He wrote several popular articles on Australian fauna and habitats for North American, Australian, and Japanese publications, including Animal Kingdom, Islands Magazine, The Living Bird, Australian Geographic, Anima, and Animals. Information collected also became the basis for Gerry Ellis, Sharon Cohen, and Mark Kestigian's Outdoor Traveler's Guide to Australia.,,,
References.
1b) Sleeper, B. and Hutchins, M. 1998. Rain forest wonders of Australia. Animals 121(1): 27-31. 
2b) Sleeper, B. and Hutchins, M. 1993. Out on a limb (on tree kangaroos). Animals 126(6): 8-10.
3b) Hutchins, M. and Sleeper, B. 1989. Life without legs: the Pygopodid lizards. Australian Natural History 22(11): 524-528.
4b) Hutchins, M. 1987. Desert devils. Animal Kingdom, 90(6): 12-17.
5b) Hutchins, M. and Sullivan, K. 1989. Dolphin delight. Animal Kingdom 92(4): 44-53. 
6b) Sleeper, B. and Hutchins, M. 1988. Down under with dingoes. Animals, 121(5): 18-23.
7b) Sleeper, B and Hutchins, M. 1987. Kangaroo Island, Roos and emus, dragons and skinks. Islands, 7(2): 66-75
Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).
Director/William Conway Chair of Conservation and Science, AZA.
He joined the Association of Zoos and Aquariums in 1990, becoming the organization's first endowed chair, the Director/William Conway Chair of Conservation and Science. In this capacity, he oversaw the "Species Survival Plan" (SSP), a cooperative, scientifically managed captive breeding program for endangered species, developed the concept of strategic collection planning, developed and managed the AZA’s Conservation Endowment Fund, established the AZA Contraception and Small Population Management Advisory Groups, and was a proponent for increasing the contributions of accredited zoos and aquariums to "in situ" conservation, which has now resulted in a collective contribution of over $130 million annually.,,
The AZA is the one of the world’s premier regional zoological associations, representing over 230 accredited zoos and aquariums and over 6,000 professionals. 
While at AZA, Michael coordinated a network of several hundred volunteer program coordinators and committee members for the Association's extensive member-driven conservation and science programs, organized into 46 Taxon Advisory Groups, 110 Species Survival Plans, 13 Scientific Advisory Groups, 5 Fauna Interest Groups, and 300+ Studbooks/Population Management Plans.
References.
1c) Hutchins, M. and Smith, B. 2004. Characteristics of a world class zoo or aquarium in the twenty-first century. International Zoo Yearbook 38: 14-28.
2c) Hutchins, M. 2003. Zoo and aquarium animal management and conservation: Current trends and future challenges. International Zoo Yearbook 38: 14-28.
3c) Hutchins, M. and Conway, and W.G. 1995. Beyond Noah's Ark: The evolving role of modern zoological parks and aquariums in field conservation. International Zoo Yearbook 34: 84-97.
4c) Hutchins, M. Wiese, R., and Willis, K. 1995. Strategic collection planning: Theory and practice. Zoo Biology 14: 5-25.
5c) Wiese, R.J., Hutchins, M. and Willis, K. 1995. Is genetic and demographic management conservation? Zoo Biology 13: 297-299.
6c) Wiese, R.J. and Hutchins, M. 1994. Species Survival Plans: Strategies for Wildlife Conservation. American Zoo and Aquarium Association, Bethesda, MD
Miscellaneous Publications on Biology and Husbandry of Rare Zoo Fauna.
While a Research Associate at the Woodland Park Zoological Gardens in Seattle, WA, Curatorial Intern, Conservation Biologist and Director of Research at the Bronx Zoo, NY and Director/William Conway Chair at AZA in Silver Spring, MD, Dr. Hutchins and his colleagues conducted and published research on the biology, husbandry, management and conservation of a wide range of little-known birds, mammals and reptiles, including birds of paradise, trumpeters, hornbills, snow leopards, tree kangaroos, and Komodo dragons.,,,,,
References.
1ab) Ciofi, C., Hutchins, M. and Smith, B. 2000. Conservation: "In situ" and "ex situ" contributions. Pp. 211-230 in Komodo Dragons: Biology and Conservation. Murphy, J., Ciofi, C. de la Panouse, C. and Walsh, T. (eds.). Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution Press. 
2ab) Hutchins, M., Sheppard, C., Lyles, A. and Casadei, G. 1995. Behavioral considerations in the captive management, propagation and reintroduction of endangered birds. Pp. 263-289 in Captive Conservation of Endangered Species, Gibbons, E., Durrant, B., and Demarest, J. (eds.). Albany, NY: State University of New York Press.
3ab) Laska, M., Hutchins, M., Sheppard, C., Dale, G., Burger, J., Worth, W. and Hundgen, K. 1994. Social interactions and display behavior in captive lesser birds of paradise ("Paradisaea minor"). Bird Behaviour 10: 1-6. 
4ab) Laska, M., Hutchins, M., Sheppard, C., Worth, W., Hudgen, K. and Bruning, D. 1992. Successful reproduction by unplumed male lesser birds of paradise: Evidence for an alternative mating strategy? Emu 92: 108-111.
5ab) Hundgen, K., Hutchins, M., Sheppard, C., Bruning, D. and Worth, W. 1991. Breeding and management of the red bird of paradise ("Paradisaea rubra") at the New York Zoological Park. International Zoo Yearbook 30: 192-199. 
6ab) Hutchins, M., Smith, G., Mead, D., Elbin, S. and Steenberg, J. 1991. Social behavior in Matschie's tree kangaroos ("Dendrolagus matschiei") and its implications for captive management. Zoo Biology 10: 147-164.
7ab) Worth, W., Hutchins, M., Sheppard, C., Bruning, D., Gonzalez, J. and McNamara, T. 1991. Hand-rearing, growth and development of the red bird of paradise ("Paradisaea rubra") at the New York Zoological Park. Zoo Biology 10: 17-33.
8ab) Horning, C.L., Hutchins, M. and English, W. 1988. Management and breeding of common trumpeters ("Psophia" "crepitans"). Zoo Biology 7: 193-210. 
9ab) Freeman, H. and Hutchins, M. 1978. Captive management of snow leopard cubs ("Uncia uncia"): An overview. Der Zoologische Garten, N.F.: 50(6): 377-392. 
10ab) Hutchins, M. 1975. Breeding biology and behaviour of the Indian-pied hornbill ("Anthracoceros m. malabaricus"). International Zoo Yearbook, 16: 99-101.
AZA's Giant Panda Conservation Plan.
As senior staff advisor to the AZA’s "Giant Panda Conservation Action Plan", he helped negotiate with representatives of the Chinese government, World Wildlife Fund and the U.S. Fish and Wildife Service, which eventually brought pandas to the U.S. on long-term loans that support "in situ" conservation in China.
Disney's Animal Kingdom/Worldwide Conservation Fund.
Dr. Hutchins served on Disney's Animal Kingdom/Worldwide Conservation Fund Advisory Board. Along with other board members, which included experts such as Dr. Russell Mittermeier (President of Conservation International), William Conway (then Executive Director of the Wildlife Conservation Society), and Dr. Terry Maple (then Director of Zoo Atlanta), he consulted with Disney staff on a wide variety of issues related to their animal programs. He interacted with top corporate executives, including CEOs Michael Eisner and Robert Iger. He also worked extensively with Joe Rhode, Disney's Chief Imagineer. The advisory board had a major impact on the directions of Disney's Animal Kingdom and Wildlife Conservation Fund projects, as well as other aspects of Disney operations (e.g., sustainable seafood initiative). The Disney Worldwide Conservation Fund now provides nearly $2 million annually to support conservation projects around the globe.
Bushmeat Crisis Task Force.
From 1999 to 2005, Dr. Hutchins served as chair and co-chair of the board for the Bushmeat Crisis Task Force (BCTF), a multi-organizational consortium of major zoological institutions and conservation organizations formed to educate the news media and key decision makers in government about the growing illegal commercial trade in wildlife for meat in Africa., He organized and moderated the meeting that lead to the establishment of BCTF. He also managed two full-time staff and dozens of volunteers. He was interviewed by the media on numerous occasions and helped to organize and participated in Congressional briefings on Capitol Hill and at the National Press Club, which included well-known scientists such as Jane Goodall and Mike Fay and celebrities such as Jane Alexander and Stephanie Powers. He and staff also obtained a grant from World Wildlife Fund to support the development of bushmeat-related curricula at the three African wildlife colleges.
References.
1d) Eves, H., Hutchins, M., and Baily, N. 2010. Bushmeat Crisis Task Force. Pp. 327-344 in Stoinski, T.S., Steklis, H.D., and Mehlman, P. (eds.). Conservation in the 21st Century: Gorillas as a Case Study. New York, NY: Springer.
2d) Eves, H. and Hutchins, M. 2001. The Bushmeat Crisis Task Force: Cooperative U.S. efforts to curb the illegal commercial bushmeat trade in Africa. Pp. 181-186 in AZA Field Conservation Resource Guide. Conway, W, Hutchins, M., Kapetenakos, Y., and Paul, E. (eds.). Atlanta, GA: Zoo Atlanta. 
3d) Eves, H. and Hutchins, M. The Bushmeat Crisis Task Force: Cooperative U.S. efforts to curb the illegal commercial bushmeat trade in Africa. AZA Annual Conference Proceedings: 65-74.
Elephant Planning Initiative.
In 1999, Dr. Hutchins organized and facilitated a series of three two-day planning meetings involving nearly 50 experts on elephant captive management, field biology and conservation, exhibit design, etc. to discuss the future of elephant management in accredited North American zoos. The final 84-page report, co-authored by Dr. Hutchins and Brandie Smith, laid out a series of options for consideration by the AZA Board of Directors and the directors of elephant holding institutions, ranging from enclosure size, to nutrition, to reproduction, to animal welfare and enrichment, to training methods to the zoo-circus relationship.The report provided an initial impetus for the many improvements that are currently underway in AZA institutions, including the development of the National Elephant Center and the move to protected contact management and larger enclosure sizes, just to name a few. This effort also provided the impetus for the Elephants and Ethics conference organized by Smithsonian's National Zoological Park. Dr. Hutchins served on the planning committee for this meeting, which included many of the world's experts on elephant biology, management and conservation, and resulted in the Johns Hopkins University Press book edited by Chris Wemmer and Catherine Christen: "Elephants and Ethics: Toward a Morality of Coexistence" published in 2008.[1e,
References.
1e) Hutchins, M., Smith, B., and Keele, M. 2008. Zoos as responsible stewards of elephants. Pp. 285-305 in Wemmer, C. and K. Christen (eds.). Never Forgetting: Elephants, Ecology and Ethics. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press'"
2e) Gore, M, Hutchins, M., and Ray, J. 2006. A review of injuries caused by elephants in captivity: An examination of predominant factors. International Zoo Yearbook 40: 51-62.
3e) Hutchins, M. 2006. Variation in nature and its implications for zoo elephant management. Zoo Biology 25.: 161-171. 
"'4e) Hutchins, M. and Keele, M. 2006. Elephant importation from range countries: Ethical and practical considerations for accredited zoos. Zoo Biology 25: 219-233. 
"'5e) Hutchins, M. and Smith, B. 2000. The value of captive breeding programs to field conservation: Elephants as an example. Pachyderm 28: 101-109.
6e) Hutchins, M., and Smith, B. 1999. AZA Elephant Planning Initiative: On the Future of Elephants in North American Zoos. Silver Spring, MD: American Zoo and Aquarium Association.
Black-footed Ferret Recovery.
In 1995, Dr. Hutchins organized and moderated a series of three meetings in Denver, CO at the request of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to analyze and make recommendations for the future of black-footed ferret (BFF) recovery. At the time, the BFF was still one of the most endangered mammals in North America. The meetings included all the key players in ferret recovery, as well as additional experts having experience with the reintroduction of other species. A detailed plan was formulated and reviewed by the participants, and, once finalized, provided the basis for ferret recovery for the next half-decade or more., Most, if not all, of the recommended actions were eventually implemented, including the development of a plague vaccine for ferrets and the addition of new release sites. There are now more ferrets living in nature than in captivity. The project was funded by grants from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and National Fish and Wildlife Foundation.
References.
1f) Miller, B., Biggins, D., Vargas, A., Hutchins, M., Hanebury, L., Godbey, J., Anderson, S., and Oldmeier, J. 1998. The captive environment and reintroduction: The black-footed ferret as a case study with comments on other taxa. Pp. 97-112 in Second Nature: Environmental Enrichment for Captive Animals. Shepherdson, D., Mellen, J., and Hutchins, M. (eds.). Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution Press. 
2f) Hutchins, M., Wiese, R., and Bowdoin, J. 1996. Black-footed Ferret Recovery Program Analysis and Action Plan. American Zoo and Aquarium Association, Bethesda, MD.
Butterfly Conservation Initiative.
Michael served as the Founding Chair, of the AZA's Butterfly Conservation Initiative Steering Committee from 
2003 – 2005. While Chair, he led the development of the Butterfly Conservation Initiative from concept to over 50 supporting member organizations and one full-time staff member. The mission of BFCI is to recover threatened and endangered butterflies in North America. 
References.
1cc) Allard, R., Hutchins, M. and Harrelson, D. 2001. The Butterfly Conservation Initiative: Partnerships for pollinators. AZA Annual Conference Proceedings: 139-144.
WAZA-CIRCC.
Dr. Hutchins was involved in the formation and development of the IUDZG-The World Zoo Organization's (now the World Association of Zoo and Aquariums (WAZA)), Committee on Inter-regional Conservation Cooperation (CIRCC) as a founding member. The committee was composed of the conservation directors of the world's major regional zoo and aquarium associations and was intended to facilitate and promote global cooperation. He traveled to international locations for meetings and helped to develop many foundational concepts for international cooperation, including the World Zoo Conservation Strategy. He served the organization for four years (2001 – 2005).
Animal Welfare and Ethics.
While at AZA, Dr. Hutchins and colleagues prompted the zoological profession to begin thinking seriously about ethical issues related to the care and welfare of animals bred and exhibited by accredited zoos and aquariums. Several provocative articles and books were published, which eventually helped lead to the establishment of AZA’s Animal Welfare Committee and accreditation guidelines regarding welfare and environmental enrichment for captive animals.,,,
References.
1g) Kreger, M. and Hutchins, M. 2010. Ethics of keeping mammals in zoos and aquariums. Pp. 3-10 in Wild Mammals in Captivity, 2nd edition. Kleiman, D.G., Lumpkin, S., and Allen, M. (eds.). Chicago: University of Chicago Press 
2g) Hutchins, M. 2001. Animal welfare: What is AZA doing to enhance the lives of captive animals? AZA Annual Conference Proceedings: 117-129. 
'"3g) Hutchins, M., Smith, B, and Allard, R. 2003. In defense of zoos and aquariums: The ethical basis for keeping wild animals in captivity. Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association 223 (7): 958-966. 
'"4g) Hutchins, M. Wemmer, C. And Dresser, B. 1995. Ethical considerations in zoo and aquarium research. Pp. 253-276 in Ethics on the Ark: Zoos, Animal Welfare and Wildlife Conservation. Norton, B., Hutchins, M., Stevens, E.F., and Maple, T.L. (eds.). Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution Press.
'"5g) Kreger, M. and Hutchins, M. 1998. Ethical issues in zoo animal care. Pp. 374-375 in Encyclopedia of Animal Rights and Welfare. Bekoff, M.; Meaney, C.A. (eds.). Westport, CT.: Greenwood Publishing Group.
'"6g) Norton, B., Hutchins, M., Stevens, E.F., and Maple, T.L. (eds.) 1995. Ethics on the Ark: Zoos, Animal Welfare and Wildlife Conservation. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution Press.
7g) Shepherdson, D., Mellen, J. and Hutchins, M. (eds.) 1998. Second Nature: Environmental Enrichment for Captive Animals. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution Press.
The Wildlife Society (TWS).
Executive Director/CEO, The Wildlife Society.
In 2005, he joined the Wildlife Society as its Executive Director/CEO. As the CEO, he was responsible for goal setting, strategic planning, personnel management, fund-raising and finance. It was during his tenure that The Wildlife Society had unsustainable growth which resulted in going over budget by hundreds of thousands of dollars annually and creating a major budget shortfall. He coordinated and facilitated an extensive network of volunteer-members, organized into eight sections, 53 chapters, 105 student chapters and 19 technical working groups.
TWS Membership.
During his tenure, TWS membership grew from 7,500 to over 10,000 due to changes in membership management, conference planning and publications, all initiatives developed by TWS staff; revenue increased 40%, even during an economic downturn; all TWS publications and the web site were re-branded and improved under the leadership of publications and marketing staff; a social media strategy initiated, and poorly negotiated new publishing partnerships were established (with Wiley-Blackwell for journals and Johns Hopkins University Press for books);a professional development program for Native American students was established as well as a Diversity Working Group, a Leadership Institute, an online mentoring program linking students and professionals; and a new award-winning member magazine, "The Wildlife Professional" was developed and launched by the publications staff despite an initial publications contract that deferred funds from the society to the publisher.
Plans for National Climate Change and Wildlife Science Center.
While at TWS. Dr. Hutchins was contracted in 2009 by USGS along with representatives from the Ecological Society of America (ESA) and DC-based Meridian Institute to organize and conduct a series of four planning meetings across the United States to obtain expert input into the purposes and design of a National Climate Change and Wildlife Science Center. He assisted in all aspects of the project, including moderating breakout sessions and writing and editing the final 39-page summary report on outreach and recommendations.Press release:
National Fish, Wildlife and Plants Climate Adaptation Strategy.
Neglecting his management role at TWS, Dr. Hutchins attended several meetings at the National Conservation Training Center with other invited experts intended to formulate the concept of a National Fish, Wildlife and Plants Climate Adaptation Strategy. He participated in discussions and helped to formulate the foundational document for the national strategy along with USFWS Director, Dan Ashe. At the request of USFWS, he also organized and moderated three learning sessions at the North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference, Annual Conference of the Society for Conservation Biology and the TWS Annual Conference to obtain feedback on the plan.
Blue Ribbon Panel on the Future of the Wildlife Profession.
Dr. Hutchins co-organized, co-moderated, and obtained funding for a meeting of experts to explore the future of the wildlife profession and its implications for training the next generation of wildlife professionals in Orlando, FL, November 8-10, 2010. The three-day meeting explored major environmental and societal trends expected to influence the wildlife profession over the coming decades, as well as current trends in university education, and used them to assess the future needs of the profession and formulate specific recommendations for academic institutions, hiring organizations and agencies and professional and scientific societies. He co-wrote and edited the 39-page summary report ( http://joomla.wildlife.org/documents/blue.ribbon.panel.final.report.pdf), which was widely distributed to stakeholders. The project was funded by the U.S. National Park Service, USDA APHIS Wildlife Services, USDA National Institutes of Food and Agriculture, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and U.S. Geological Survey. Press release: 
Publications on Miscellaneous Topics.
Instead of focusing on TWS operations, Dr. Hutchins continued to write about a wide variety of related topics, including evolution, tiger and rhino conservation, confiscated animals, the conflicts between animal rights and conservation, introduced species, the future of the wildlife profession, climate change, conservation funding, wildlife education, the integration of wildlife research and management, zoo research priorities, and ophiophobia.,,,,,,,
References.
1h) Baydack, R. and Hutchins, M. 2012. Fueling the next generation: Seventy-five years of nurturing students. The Wildlife Professional 6(3): 54-59.
2h) Bies, L., Hutchins, M., Organ, J. and DeMaris, S. 2012. The role of professional and scientific societies in integrating science and management: The Wildlife Society as an example. In: J. P. Sands, S. J. DeMaso, M. J. Schnupp, and L.A. Brennan (eds.) Wildlife Science: Connecting Research with Management. New York, NY: Taylor and Francis
3h) Hutchins, M. 2012. What the future holds: Challenges for the profession and TWS. The Wildlife Professional 6(3): 83-87.
4h) Bies, L., Hutchins, M. and Ryder, T. 2011. The Wildlife Society responds to misleading media on feral horses. Human-Wildlife Conflict 5(2): 171-172. 
5h) Hutchins, M. 2011. Climate change and wildlife: How is TWS helping to address the coming challenge? The Wildlife Professional 5(2): 50-51.
6h) Hutchins, M., Pianka, E., and Geist, V. (eds.) 2011. Grzimek’s Animal Life Encyclopedia, Evolution. Farmington Hills, MI: Gale Group, Inc. 
7h) Fleishman, E., Blockstein, D., Hall, J.A., Mascia, M.B., Rudd, M.A., Scott, J.M., Sutherland, W.J., Bartuska, A.M., Brown, A.G., Cristen, C.A., Clement, J., DellaSala, D., Duke, C.D., Fiske, S.J., Gosnell, H., Haney, J.C., Hutchins, M., Klein, M.L., Marqusee, J., Noon, B.R., Powell, J., Quarles, S.P., Saterson, K.A., Stein, B.A., Webster, M.S., and Vedder, A. 2011. America’s top 40 priorities for science to inform US conservation and management policy. BioScience 61(4): 290-300.
8h) Hutchins, M. 2010. Confiscated animals: Ethical, legal and practical considerations for accredited zoos and sanctuaries. Pp. 196-202 in State of Wildlife 2010, Fern, E. and Redford, K. (eds.). New York, NY: Wildlife Conservation Society.
9h) Hutchins, M. and Bies, L. 2010. How green is green energy? Outdoor America 75(1): 16-17. 
10h) Hutchins, M., Eves, H. and Mittermier, C. 2010. Fueling the conservation engine: Where will the money come from to drive fish and wildlife management and conservation? Pp. 184-197 in Manfredo, M. et al. (eds.). Wildlife and Society: The Science of Human Dimensions. Washington, DC: Island Press. 
11h) Nyhus, P., Tilson, R. and Hutchins, M. 2010. Fourteen thousand and counting: How growing captive tiger populations may be threatening wild tigers. Pp. 223-238 in Tilson, R. and Nyhus, P. (eds.). Tigers of the World: The Science, Politics and Conservation of "Panthera tigris". Berkshire, UK: Noyes Publications.
12h) Burghhardt, G., Murphy, J., Chizar, D. and Hutchins, M. 2009. Combating ophiophobia: Origins, treatment, education, and conservation tools. Pp. 262-280 in Snakes: Applied Ecology and Conservation. Mullin, S. and Seigel, R.A. (eds.). Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press. 
13h) Hutchins, M. 2008 Animal rights and conservation. Conservation Biology 22(8): 815-816. 
14h) Hutchins, M. and Thompson, S. 2008. Zoo research: Priority setting for the coming decades. Zoo Biology 27: 488-497. 
15h) Hutchins, M. 2007. The limits of compassion. The Wildlife Professional 1(2): 42-46.
16h) Hutchins, M. and Kreger, M. 2006. Rhinoceros behaviour: Implications for captive management and conservation. International Zoo Yearbook 40: 150–173.
National Bird Smart Wind Campaign Coordinator, American Bird Conservancy.
In October, 2013, Dr. Hutchins was named National Bird Smart Wind Campaign
Coordinator by the American Bird Conservancy (ABC), a Washington, DC-based
non-profit organization (http://www.abcbirds.org/) focused on the
conservation of native bird populations in the Americas. In this
capacity, he will lead ABC's national efforts to minimize the impact of
rapidly expanding wind energy development on bird populations in the United
States. ABC supports green energy development to address anthropogenic
global climate change, but has serious concerns about widespread bird
mortalities caused by wind turbines, including impacts to protected species,
such as whooping cranes and eagles. It is therefore critical where such
facilities are sited. Dr. Hutchins' primary responsibilities will include
developing and implementing related policy and communication initiatives in
collaboration with other ABC staff and partners, promoting ABC's "Bird
Smart" approach to wind energy development, networking with relevant state
and federal agencies and industry, fostering effective partnerships with
other non-governmental conservation organizations, monitoring major wind
energy projects for their potential impact on bird populations, tracking
relevant science, representing ABC at relevant conferences and meetings,
educating the media and key decision makers, and reporting to the ABC
membership, staff and leadership on campaign activities. 
Publications.
An international authority on wildlife conservation, management and policy, Dr. Hutchins has authored over 220 articles and books, covering various topics in wildlife science, management and conservation. He is consulting editor for "Zoo Biology" and "International Zoo Yearbook", former primary editor of Smithsonian Institution Press’ book series titled "Studies in Zoo and Aquarium Biology and Conservation" and Editor Emeritus for "Grzimek’s Animal Life Encyclopedia", a popular 18-volume compendium covering the entire animal kingdom.
Recent Media Interviews.
Dr. Hutchins currently participates in a series of interviews with the National Geographic Society on imminent threats to wildlife and their habitat for their online news blog News Watch.
Academic Appointments.
A former adjunct associate professor at the University of Maryland's Graduate Program in Sustainable Development and Conservation Biology, Michael Hutchins is currently an affiliate professor at George Mason University’s Department of Environmental Science and Policy.
Residence.
Dr. Hutchins currently resides in Silver Spring, Maryland where he serves as the Founding Partner/Director of Conservation and Science for World Safaris and Safari Professionals, two of the most well known nature tourism companies taking people into Africa and beyond. 

</doc>
<doc id="5996030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996030" title="William Kroll">
William Kroll

William Kroll (30 January 1901 – 10 March 1980) was an American violinist and composer. His most famous composition is "Banjo and Fiddle" for violin and piano.
Biography.
William Kroll was born in New York City and died in Boston, Massachusetts. Kroll greatly contributed to music during his day, both as a soloist and as a member of various intimate chamber ensembles. From 1911 to 1914 he was a student of Henri Marteau at the Berlin Hochschule für Musik. During the time he was a pupil of Franz Kneisel and P. Goetschius at the Institute of Musical Art (1917–1922), he made his professional debut in New York. After completing his schooling, he toured parts of Europe, North, and Central America as a soloist and a member of the Elshuco Trio (1922–1929), the Coolidge Quartet (1936–1944), and the Kroll Quartet (1944–1969). In the midst of his performance schedule, he taught at various facilities, first at the Institute of Musical Art (1922–1938), then at the Mannes College (1943), the Peabody Conservatory (1947–1965), Tanglewood (as of 1949), the Cleveland Institute of Music (1964–1967), and also at Queens College beginning in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="5996035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996035" title="List of bands from Finland">
List of bands from Finland

The following is a list of bands from Finland:

</doc>
<doc id="5996037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996037" title="Landenulf II of Capua">
Landenulf II of Capua

Landenulf II (died 993) succeeded his brother Landulf VI as Prince of Capua in 982 and ruled until his assassination. He was one of the younger sons of Pandulf Ironhead.
Landenulf was young and ruled under the regency of his mother Aloara until her death in 992. His brother Laidulf, the count of Teano, incited a group of citizens to revolt and murder him at Eastertime the next year. He was buried on 21 April in San Benedetto in Capua.

</doc>
<doc id="5996076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996076" title="Simone Pavan">
Simone Pavan

Simone Pavan (born 29 April 1974 in Latisana, Udine) is an Italian footballer, who plays for A.C. Sandonà. He spent most of his career with S.S.C. Venezia in both Serie A and Serie B, and has also represented Atalanta B.C., Modena F.C., U.C. Sampdoria, and A.S. Livorno Calcio in the top-flight Serie A championship. He played three games for the Italy national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5996080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996080" title="Krol">
Krol

Krol is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Król () is a Polish surname meaning "king" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5996084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996084" title="Love's Been a Little Bit Hard on Me">
Love's Been a Little Bit Hard on Me

"Love's Been A Little Bit Hard On Me" is a 1982 song recorded by country-pop singer Juice Newton. It was a #7 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 during the summer of that year. It also charted at #4 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart and #30 on the Billboard Country chart. The recording garnered Newton a Grammy nomination for Best Female Vocalist in the Pop category. The song was written by Gary Burr.
The music video for this song comically plays off the "emotional" hurt of love by showing Juice Newton being "physically" injured by her lover in a series of accidents. The final shot is of Newton singing in the hospital in a full-body cast with her broken leg in the air. The video was awarded Video of the Year by the American Video Association in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5996087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996087" title="Michel Poniatowski">
Michel Poniatowski

Michel Poniatowski (16 May 1922, Paris, France – 16 January 2002, Opio, France) was a French politician, member of the senior branch of Poland's princely Poniatowski family. He was a founder of the Independent Republicans and a part of the administration for President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. Poniatowski served as Minister of Health from 1973 to 1974 and Minister of the Interior in the d'Estaing government from 1974 to 1977. He was a founder and honorary president of the Union for French Democracy (Union pour la Démocratie Française, UDF).
Biography and early career.
Poniatowski was a great-great-great-grandson of Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, older brother of Stanisław August Poniatowski, who reigned as king of Poland from 1764 to 1795. Kasimierz had a son, Stanisław Poniatowski 1754–1833, whose son, Giuseppe Luci (1816–1873), by his mistress Cassandra Luci, was recognized and ennobled in the Austrian Empire on 19 November 1850 as Joseph Michel, Prince Poniatowski, a name and title recognised by Napoleon III when Poniatowski was naturalised in France and became a senator there, both in 1854. Two years later in Paris, Joseph's son, Prince Stanislas Poniatowski (1835–1908), married Louise Le Hon, generally reputed to be the daughter of Countess Le Hon ("née" Fanny Mosselman) by Charles, Duke de Morny, the illegitimate son of Charles Joseph, comte de Flahaut by Hortense de Beauharnais, sometime Queen consort of Holland as well as the adopted and step-daughter of Napoleon I; thus Louise Le Hon (as a grand-daughter of Napoleon III's uterine half-brother) was a niece of the Emperor of France at the time of her marriage to Poniatowski, who was appointed the emperor's aide-de-camp. Their son, André Poniatowski (1864-1954) wed Stockton flour mill heiress, Elizabeth Sperry, in 1894. The son of that union, Prince Casimir Poniatowski (1897-1980), became the father of Michel by his 1920 marriage to Countess Anne de Caraman-Chimay (1901-1977), member of a Belgian princely family.
Poniatowski attended the ENA for finance and began his career in Morocco, later becoming a finance attaché in Washington, DC in 1956. In 1958, he became the chief of staff for Pierre Pflimlin, the last president of the Council of the Fourth Republic before Charles de Gaulle. From 1959 to 1962, he was the chief of staff for prime minister Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, then "chargé de mission" (1962–65), and finally director of Insurances at the Minister of Finance from 1963 to 1967.
1970s.
Poniatowski took a founding part in the Independent Republicans (RI) party, and became an RI deputy for the Val-d'Oise in 1967, as well as the general secretary of the Confederation of the Independents before taking the presidency of the party's successor, the Republican Party, in 1975. He was elected mayor of L'Isle-Adam (France) in 1971. Bernard Lehideux served Poniatowski as of his office in 1969. Poniatowski was then named Minister of Public Health and Social Security from 5 April 1973 to 27 May 1974, under the government of Pierre Messmer.
Minister of the Interior and State Minister (1974–1977).
Poniatowski succeeded Jacques Chirac on 24 May 1974, and served the post until 1977. Considered as the main organisator of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing's victory at the 1974 presidential election, he was named Minister of State and Minister of the Interior on 27 May, which changed the official protocol of the Republic: the most important minister was not anymore the Minister of Justice. Although he was a strong-handed Interior Minister, he suppressed the personal registers ("fiches signalétiques") which customers of a hotel were to sign (a custom in force in many countries).
In August 1975, he sent the military to repress the nationalist rebellion headed by Corsican Edmond Simeoni who had illegally occupied a wine cave in Aleria. Two "gendarmes" were killed during the assault, leading him, along with Jacques Chirac, of being accused of a large part of the responsibility in the violence which then hit Corsica.
Following the assassination of Prince Jean de Broglie, a Giscardian deputy, "L'Express" (January 1977) and then "Le Canard enchaîné", in 1980, published documents alleging that Poniatowski had known in advance of the death threats on de Broglie, and had not acted accordingly. The satirical newspaper recalled that de Broglie had been treasurer of the Independent Republicans, and tied to the Matesa scandal, which allegedly funded the RI. Soon after this affair, and the failure of the right-wing at the March 1977 municipal elections, Poniatowski quit the Ministry of Interior and would not be called again as minister.
1980s.
Poniatowski was a founding member, in 1978, of the Union for a French Democracy (UDF), the liberal and Christian-Democrat party which backed Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and tried to rivalize with Jacques Chirac's neo-Gaullist Rally for the Republic (RPR). Until 1981, Michel Poniatowski was ambassador and personal representative of President Giscard. He was a MEP from 1979 to 1989, and presided in the European Parliament over the Commission on Development and Cooperation (1979–1984) then the Commission on Energy, Research and Technology (1984).
Poniatowski approved in September 1983 the merger of the electoral list RPR-UDF with the far-right National Front (FN) party, headed by Jean-Marie Le Pen, during the partial municipal election of Dreux. He stated: "The fascist danger in France does not come from the right, but from the left, of which it is its spiritual vocation and method. One must therefore vote against the fascists of the left."
Poniatowski was then senator of the Val-d'Oise from 1989 to 1995, and continued to advocate in favour of electoral agreements with the National Front, taking as model the (difficult) relationship between the Socialist Party (PS) and the Communist Party (PCF). An atypical member of the UDF, which he had co-founded, he was first ignored by his colleagues for his support of the far-right – the National Front's ascension is usually dated from the 1983 Dreux elections. After his support for electoral agreements with the FN during the 1992 regional elections and the 1993 legislative elections, he was finally disavowed by his fellow party members at the end of 1991, although he was neither excluded nor deprived of his honorary presidential functions.
Like many members of the right-wing, he supported Edouard Balladur against Chirac during the 1995 presidential election. Three years later, he participated to the right-wing party of Charles Millon, excluded from the UDF for the same reasons as Poniatowski, and they founded the "Droite libérale-chrétienne" (Liberal-Christian Right) which continued to ally itself with the National Front.
Poniatowski finally retreated from political life in 1999, replaced as mayor of L'Isle-Adam by his son Axel Poniatowski. He then died three years later, on 15 January 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5996090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996090" title="Type 93 Air-to-Ship Missile">
Type 93 Air-to-Ship Missile

The Type 93 Air-to-Ship Missile (93式空対艦誘導弾, ASM-2) is an Air-to-ship missile developed in Japan. 
This missile is used by the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.

</doc>
<doc id="5996097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996097" title="Kilimanjaro Expedition">
Kilimanjaro Expedition

Kilimanjaro Expedition is a sketch from the episode of Monty Python's Flying Circus "The Ant, an Introduction", also appearing in the Monty Python film "And Now For Something Completely Different". It has been compared to a comic episode in Franz Kafka's "The Castle" in which the protagonist, K., is confused by twins assigned to assist him.
Overview.
Arthur Wilson (Eric Idle), a young mountaineer, visits the office of Sir George Head, OBE (John Cleese), who is leading an expedition to Mount Kilimanjaro. Head's problem, though, is that he has a bad case of diplopia, and indeed, he believes there are two Wilsons when he enters the office. He must cover his right eye to confirm Wilson's claim that there's only one of him. Head begins filling out Wilson's application, although he repeatedly asks both Wilson and the empty chair next to him the same question.
Head then fills him in on the expedition: he and his team plan to climb both peaks of Mount Kilimanjaro. Wilson claims there's only one, and Head must consult a topographical map of Africa with one eye to confirm the claim. Head then explains the expedition is to find any remnants of last year's expedition, led by his brother. The team was trying to build a bridge between the two peaks, which was naturally Head's idea. Wilson then gives his qualifications. When he describes himself as a "mountaineer", Head must look the word up in a dictionary. Due to his affliction, he reads the definition aloud as "two men skilled in climbing mountains."
Wilson then learns Head also thinks there are two of himself as well. Head explains the team's route to Kilimanjaro, which mostly consists of a way from Surrey to Rottingdean, with a giant leap from Rottingdean to Nairobi (Head's map of Britain cuts off there, and is overlying his map of Africa), down to Tanzania, and then asking from there. All the while Head describes everything in plural, i.e. "Rottingdeans", "main roads near Pirbrights" (in the movie "And Now for Something Completely Different" the other route is mentioned, starting in Manchesters and going down through Oxfords, Londons and Purleys to Dovers, and from there to Nairobis and so on). Wilson inquires about the rest of the team; there are five other members (Head of course thinking each are two brothers (or four brothers in one case, a 'pair of identical twins')). None are mountaineers and none but one speak Swahili. When Wilson asks Head if anyone else speaks Swahili, Head replies: 'I think most of them do down there.' 
However, their guide, Jimmy Blenkinsop (Graham Chapman, who in real life was an avid mountaineer), has worked out a route. He comes to the office, reassures Wilson about Head's double vision, and then shows the route rather physically, acting it out in the office and knocking over numerous items and a bookshelf before breaking through the door, still describing the plan. Wilson is now fed up, and leaves the expedition for his lack of confidence. The suddenly visible "other" Arthur Wilson tells "both" clearly visible George Heads that he's still on board for the trip.

</doc>
<doc id="5996108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996108" title="Malcolm Champion">
Malcolm Champion

Malcolm Eadie Champion (12 November 1883 – 27 July 1939) was New Zealand's first Olympic gold medallist, and the first swimmer to represent New Zealand at an Olympic Games. He won a gold medal in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden as part of a combined team with Australia, competing as "Australasia".
Champion was born in 1883 in Auckland and taken to Norfolk Island (now an Australian territory but then a British colony), at a young age. His mother, Sarah Clara Quintal, descended from the "Bounty" mutineer Matthew Quintal. His father Captain William Nhill Champion was a sea captain who traded around the Pacific. Malcolm later worked on his father's ships and by the end of the 19th century was living in Auckland.
Between 1901 and 1914, Champion won thirty-two New Zealand national titles, at one point holding the titles for every distance between and one mile (1.6 km). Champion was suspended at the end of 1902 by the national swimming association for failing to pay registration fees and was allowed to re-enter the sport in the southern summer of 1907-08. His suspension has often wrongly been called a life ban for professionalism.
In 1911 he was the long-distance champion of England on the Thames. He had also represented Australasia at the 1911 Festival of Empire at The Crystal Palace, an early forerunner to the Commonwealth Games, where he pulled out of the mile race.
Due to the financial difficulties faced by the New Zealand Olympic Committee, his swimming club had to fundraise for him and organize loans so he could travel to the 1912 Stockholm Olympics. At the Olympics, Champion carried the flag for the Australasian team. Champion was originally slated to compete in the 400 m and 1500 m freestyle events. He finished second in his 400 m heat behind Harold Hardwick and before finishing fourth in his semi-final to be eliminated. In the 1500 m event, he placed second in both his heat and semifinal, before abandoning in the final after 600 m.
An ear infection to Bill Longworth resulted in Champion being promoted to the 4x200m freestyle relay team. In the final on 15 July, Champion swam the second leg, and started equal with the American swimmer after Cecil Healy's first leg before building up a 10 m lead in his leg. Les Boardman extended the lead to 15 m before Harold Hardwick held off Duke Kahanamoku to claim the gold medal in the world record time of 10:11.6. The final was the third time that a world record had been set in that event at the Stockholm games, the first two times occurring on 12 July with the United States team swimming 10:26.4, only to be bettered later that day by the Australasian team who swam 10:14.0 (the United States team won the silver medal in the final).
Champion was New Zealand's only Olympic gold medallist in swimming until 1996, when Danyon Loader won in the 200 m and 400 m freestyle events at the Atlanta Olympics. In 1990 Champion became an inaugural inductee into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame. In 2005 the winning relay team was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame, making Champion the only non-Australian inductee.
Like Billy Savidan after him, he was for some years Custodian at Auckland’s Tepid Baths, and the walls of his office was adorned with sketches of ships by him.

</doc>
<doc id="5996115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996115" title="Harp and bowl">
Harp and bowl

The Harp and Bowl style of worship, which features musical prayer, derives its name from Revelation 5:8, which describes heavenly creatures which each "had a harp" and "were holding golden bowls full of incense, which are the prayers of the saints."
A common feature of harp and bowl worship is antiphonal singers, who use the Bible as a song book along with spontaneous instrumental accompaniment. 
This style can sustain long periods of worship - for instance, the International House of Prayer in Kansas City has used this method of worship to sustain a prayer meeting since September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5996123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996123" title="Centerfold (song)">
Centerfold (song)

"Centerfold" is a single released by The J. Geils Band from their album "Freeze Frame". The song is about a man who is shocked to discover that his high school crush appeared in a centerfold spread for a men's magazine. The singer cannot decide between his anger and his lust.
It was released in autumn 1981, and eventually went to Number 1 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 in February 1982, and stayed there for six weeks. It was the first single released from the album "Freeze Frame" and was an early staple on MTV.
In February 1982, after the song hit #1 in the US, "Centerfold" peaked at number three in the UK Top 40, earning The J. Geils Band their only major hit single in the UK, although follow-up "Freeze-Frame" was a minor hit.
The song lists at #52 on "Billboard's All Time Top Songs."
Music video.
The music video was directed by organist Seth Justman's brother. The "school" where the video was shot had a girls' dance school on the floor above; the girls from the school were the ones appearing in the video.
The music video starts out with lead singer Peter Wolf going to the classroom and looking through a magazine which he mentions his girlfriend is in. Some girls then start dancing in a line wearing slips. Afterwards, more girls appear in the whole classroom in negligees dancing, smiling, and playing patty cake. Wolf then hands a couple of uniforms to two of the girls. Later on, the girls appear in cheerleading sweaters and saddle shoes resembling a 1950s style. After Wolf is knocked out by the girls with books, a party begins with the cheerleaders. The video ends with Wolf running out of the school in the company of four girls doing cartwheels.
Cover versions.
Against All Authority covered the song on their first album "Destroy What Destroys You". It was also covered by Eurodance band Captain Jack, Thrash Metal band Tankard on their 1992 release, Stone Cold Sober and Ska band ] on their Greatest Hit album.

</doc>
<doc id="5996132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996132" title="Chin Lin Sou">
Chin Lin Sou

Chin Lin Sou (c. 1837–1894) was an influential leader in the Chinese American community and prominent figure in Colorado. He immigrated to the United States from Guangzhou, China, in 1859 at the age of 22. Chin stood out amongst his Chinese peers at the time in the United States as he dressed like a westerner and spoke perfect English. 
Background.
He worked on the First Transcontinental Railroad as the foreman of a group of Chinese railroad workers, many of whom Chin, himself, recruited and helped to gain passage into the United States. His leadership was important to the construction of the railroad because Chinese railroad workers were used to lay the steel rails. Following the completion of the railroad in 1869 he settled for a time in Black Hawk, Colorado where he was the unofficial leader of a group of Chinese immigrants who settled in a community called Cottonwood.
Chin eventually achieved modest success in mining investments in Central City; by the 1870s, he had earned enough money to bring his family over from China. Upon their arrival, he moved to Denver, where he, as well as his children and descendants, became important figures in the city. He died in 1894 and was buried in Denver's Riverside Cemetery. In April of 1901 his body was exhumed and transferred to China.

</doc>
<doc id="5996139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996139" title="Cardinal Cushing College">
Cardinal Cushing College

Cardinal Cushing College was a private, Catholic women's college in Brookline, Massachusetts. It operated from 1952 to 1972 and was named after Cardinal Richard Cushing, who helped acquire the land for its campus while he was Archbishop of Boston.
Cardinal Cushing College was one of three now-defunct women's colleges sponsored by the Sisters of the Holy Cross, along with College of Saint Mary-of-the-Wasatch in Salt Lake City and Dunbarton College of Holy Cross in Washington, D.C..
The college's campus is now owned by Newbury College. Its records are held in the Sisters of the Holy Cross Archives at Saint Mary's College in Notre Dame, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5996147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996147" title="Schlitterbahn Vacation Village">
Schlitterbahn Vacation Village

Schlitterbahn Vacation Village is a resort complex that opened in summer 2009 in Kansas City, Kansas. It was announced in September 2005 by Schlitterbahn Waterparks. The , $750 million development will include a nearly waterpark, which will be Schlitterbahn's fourth waterpark and its first outside of the state of Texas. "Schlitterbahn" is German for "slide".
Groundbreaking took place September 18, 2007 on the land currently occupied by the Wyandotte County Fairgrounds and the Unified Government courthouse annex, across Interstate 435 from the Kansas Speedway and Village West.
2013 Water Park.
Phase 1 included 12 water attractions, 3 restaurants and 2 shops that were part of phase 1. For the 2011 season, phase 2 will open on April 30, 2011 with six new attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="5996149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996149" title="Steve Gleason">
Steve Gleason

Stephen Michael "Steve" Gleason (born March 19, 1977) is a former professional football player, a safety with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. Originally signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2000, he played for the Saints through the 2007 season. As a free agent in 2008, Gleason retired from the NFL after eight seasons. Gleason is especially well known for his blocked punt in a 2006 game that became a symbol of recovery in New Orleans in the team's first home game after Hurricane Katrina. In 2011, he revealed that he was battling ALS, commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease. Gleason announced the Saints 3rd round draft pick in the 2013 NFL Draft. 
Early years.
Born and raised in Spokane, Washington, Gleason attended Gonzaga Prep, where he earned consecutive defensive MVP awards as a linebacker in the Greater Spokane League. Gleason also played baseball at G-Prep and broke the GSL home run record his senior year. Following graduation in 1995, he accepted a scholarship to play college football at Washington State in Pullman. Gleason was a starting linebacker for the 1997 team that advanced to the Rose Bowl, the first for WSU in 57 years. Gleason was also a four-year starter for the WSU baseball team in center field and still holds the school record for triples. While at WSU, he was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.
Professional career.
Gleason was signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2000. He was released by the team after the preseason and was signed to the New Orleans Saints' practice squad in November.
Gleason was chosen by the Birmingham Thunderbolts with the 191st pick of the 2001 XFL Draft.
On September 25, 2006, Gleason was responsible for one of the most dramatic moments in Saints history, when he blocked a punt by Atlanta Falcons punter Michael Koenen early in the first quarter of a game at the Superdome. Curtis Deloatch recovered the ball in the Falcons' end zone for a touchdown. It was the first score in the Saints' first game in New Orleans in nearly 21 months, during which time Hurricane Katrina had devastated the city and the team. The Saints won the game and, unexpectedly, went on to have the most successful season in their history up to that time. Gleason did not play for the 2009 Saints team that won Super Bowl XLIV, but in September 2011, he was awarded a Super Bowl ring by the Saints. At the same ceremony he was awarded the key to the city of New Orleans by mayor Mitch Landrieu. In July 2012, "Rebirth", a statue depicting Gleason blocking the punt, was raised outside the Superdome; a news report commented that the blocked punt "etched Steve Gleason into Saints lore and became symbolic of New Orleans' resilience in the face of disaster".
New Orleans Saints Bounty Scandal.
Beginning in 2011, he collaborated with a filmmaker, Sean Pamphilon, to document his life with ALS. This included a clip of a Saints locker room talk by Gregg Williams which was interpreted by some to show Williams encouraging his players to injure opposing players. The audio tape became public April 4, 2012 in the wake of the Bountygate scandal. Gleason criticized Pamphilon after the tape became public, saying that the filmmaker did not have rights to release the tape.
Present life.
In 2013 Gleason was given the opportunity to interview American rock band Pearl Jam regarding their tenth studio album, "Lightning Bolt". The interview appeared in a short film about the album, also titled "Lightning Bolt". On November 1, Pearl Jam headlined the Voodoo Music + Arts Experience, where Gleason introduced the band and wrote their setlist.
NFL Films made Gleason the subject of an episode of their hit series "A Football Life" that detailed Gleason's career in the NFL and his battle with ALS. NFL Network aired the episode in late November 2013. Gleason also appears in Microsoft's Super Bowl XLVIII commercial, praising the power of technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5996163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996163" title="Creative Differences">
Creative Differences

Creative Differences is a studio album from California indie hip hop group Living Legends. It was released in 2004. The album cover is a reference to "The Brady Bunch".

</doc>
<doc id="5996173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996173" title="I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)">
I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)

"I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)" is a 1981 song recorded by Daryl Hall and John Oates.
It was the fourth number-one hit single of their career on the Billboard Hot 100 and the second hit single from their album "Private Eyes". It features Charles DeChant on saxello.
On January 30, 1982, "I Can't Go for That" ended a 10-week run at the top of the Hot 100 by Olivia Newton-John's song, "Physical" (which had knocked out Hall & Oates' "Private Eyes" from the top spot). The song also went to number one on the Hot Dance Club Play chart for one week in January 1982.
Thanks to heavy airplay on urban contemporary radio stations, "I Can't Go for That" also topped the U.S. R&B chart, a rare feat for a White act. According to the Hall and Oates biography, Hall, upon learning that "I Can't Go For That" had gone to number one on the R&B chart, wrote in his diary, "I'm the head soul brother in the U.S. Where to now?"
"I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)" is one of 14 Hall and Oates songs that have been played on the radio over one million times, according to BMI.
Composition.
Daryl Hall sketched out the basic song one evening at a music studio in New York City, in 1981, after a recording session for the "Private Eyes" album. Hall began to play a bass line on a Korg organ, and sound engineer Neil Kernon recorded the result. Hall then came up with a guitar riff, which he and Oates worked on together. The next day, Hall, Oates and Sara Allen worked on the lyrics.
Awards and accolades.
"I Can't Go for That" was voted number six on VH1's list of "The 100 Greatest Songs of the '80s."
Covers.
The song has been covered by numerous recording artists, including Brian McKnight (June 23, 1992
), The Nylons, Les Go (with Alfredo Alias), Donny Osmond, East End, KansasCali (September 20, 2005), Orson (2006), Peniston.
In 2010, The Bird and the Bee covered this song for their tribute album "."
Olivia Ong recorded a Bossa Nova based cover version on her 2010 album.
The cast of "Glee" sang the song as a mash-up with "You Make My Dreams", also by Hall & Oates.
This song was also covered by Nicki Bluhm and The Gramblers in their very successful "Van Sessions" series, which they recorded while driving from one gig to the next. It became a viral hit on YouTube and features Ms. Bluhm not only singing, but in addition playing the sax solo on a kazoo while driving the van. This version has actually been endorsed by Hall and Oates.
Influence on "Billie Jean".
According to Daryl Hall, during the recording of “We Are the World”, Michael Jackson approached him and admitted to lifting the bass line for "Billie Jean" from a Hall and Oates song, apparently referring to "I Can't Go for That (No Can Do)." Hall says that he told Jackson that he had lifted the bass line from another song himself, and that it was "something we all do."
Samples and interpolations in other songs.
The original track has often been sampled in R&B and hip-hop songs. The following is a partial list:
Some songs have included a vocal interpolation of the chorus, including:
Other songs have included a re-recorded variation of the song's famous descending arpeggio, including:
Additionally, the JP/PAL Version of Sonic CD's Boss music beat is sampled from this song.

</doc>
<doc id="5996187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996187" title="Gregori Chad Petree">
Gregori Chad Petree

Gregori Chad Petree (born Shawnee, Oklahoma) is a musician who is also best known as guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the American, new wave/indie/rock band Shiny Toy Guns.
Bands.
Chad's previous bands included: Paradigm, Cloud2Ground, R.R.D.S., Dangerous Insects, and the 90's pop group PC Quest.
PC Quest (1990-1992).
Chad participated in this band with his brother, Stephen Petree.
Cloud2Ground (1998-2000).
While Cloud2Ground was started by Jeremy Dawson in 1996, Chad got back together with Jeremy in 1998. In 2000, they released a second album, "The Gate (Beautiful)".
Dangerous Insects (2001-2004?).
Two songs from Dangerous Insects, "Starts With One" and "Chemistry of a Car Crash" traveled with Chad to Shiny Toy Guns, appearing on "We Are Pilots".
Shiny Toy Guns (2002-present).
Chad is the co-founder along with Jeremy Dawson of Shiny Toy Guns. He is the guitarist and lead male vocalist. 
Chad wrote and co-wrote many of the songs on "We Are Pilots", Shiny Toy Guns's first album, as well as many song's from their second album, "Season of Poison". His brother, Stephen Petree, helped write several songs on "We Are Pilots" as well. 
Chad also co-wrote and co-produced six tracks on the 2005 album release "The Other Side" by recording artist LOU.
Hybridigital (2009-present).
Hybridigital is Jeremy and Chad's side project, and subsection of Shiny Toy Guns, where they put on live shows of remixes of their Shiny Toy Guns songs. They feature live guitars, keyboards, and (male) vocals.
Mirror Machines (2010).
A second band by Jeremy and Chad featuring "Stadium/Sci-fi rock". This project has been postponed indefinitely.
Equipment.
Chad uses mostly Gibson guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="5996190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996190" title="Kroll">
Kroll

Kroll is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5996195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996195" title="Plancenoit">
Plancenoit

Plancenoit () is a village and section of the municipality of Lasne, Walloon Brabant, Belgium. The village was a key strategic point during the Battle of Waterloo as it was the main focal point of the Prussians' flank attack on Napoleon's army.
In June every year, the village plays host to an annual re-enactment of the battle. A monument in the village commemorates the Prussian troops who died in the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="5996211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996211" title="American Immigration Control Foundation">
American Immigration Control Foundation

American Immigration Control Foundation (AIC Foundation) is an American political group devoted to reducing "uncontrolled immigration." It is a large publisher and distributor of publications dealing with America’s immigration crisis. AIC Foundation also conducts multi-media campaigns around the country to raise public awareness of immigration problems.
Founded in 1983 and based in Monterey, Virginia, AIC Foundation received more than $190,000 through 1998 from the controversial Pioneer Fund.
AICF has been headed by John Vinson since 1990. Columnist Samuel T. Francis was AICF chairman in the mid-1990s. 

</doc>
<doc id="5996219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996219" title="Murder at the Vanities">
Murder at the Vanities

Murder at the Vanities (1934) is a musical film based on the 1933 Broadway musical with music by Victor Young, made in the pre-Code era, and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen, stars Victor McLaglen, Carl Brisson, Jack Oakie, Kitty Carlisle, Gertrude Michael, Toby Wing, and Jessie Ralph. Duke Ellington and his Orchestra are featured in the elaborate finale number. 
The film is primarily a musical, based on Earl Carroll's long-running Broadway revue "Earl Carroll's Vanities", combined with a murder mystery. Songs featured in the film by Arthur Johnston and Sam Coslow include "Cocktails for Two" sung by Brisson, "Marahuana" sung by Michael, "Where Do They Come From (and Where Do They Go)" sung by Carlisle, and "Ebony Rhapsody" by Ellington. In the film, Lucille Ball, Ann Sheridan, and Virginia Davis had small roles as chorines. 
It was released on DVD (as part of a six disc set entitled "Pre-Code Hollywood Collection") on April 7, 2009.
Plot.
Jack Ellery (Oakie) is staging a lavish musical revue, starring Eric Lander (Brisson), Ann Ware (Carlisle),
and Rita Ross (Michael), supported by a cast of a hundred background singers/dancers (almost all women, and many scantily clad) and two full orchestras. On opening night, just before the show, somebody tries to kill Ware several times. Ellery calls in police lieutenant Murdock (McLaglen) of the homicide squad to investigate. During the show a private detective and then Rita are murdered. Ellery hides this from the rest of the performers, claiming the victims are just sick, and talks Murdock into investigating while the revue continues on, otherwise Ellery will go broke. 
Several twists and turns follow, but finally the murders are solved just after the show ends. In the last scene, Nancy (Wing), a squeaky pretty blonde showgirl, finally gets to tell Ellery and Murdock what she has attempted to tell Ellery several times throughout the show, but was always being put off by him until now, as he thought she was just trying to gain his attention, and he was too busy staging the show. Actually, she had a vital piece of information that would have solved the first murder much sooner, and may have prevented the second. Now that the show is over and a success, Ellery's 'attention' is now all on her, and they're going out for the night to celebrate. She giggles once again and moves off stage left in front of him, and then Oakie breaks the fourth wall just momentarily, looking into the camera with a devilish grin, before he follows her.

</doc>
<doc id="5996232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996232" title="Khilona">
Khilona

Khilona () is a 1970 Indian film directed by Chander Vohra starring Sanjeev Kumar and Mumtaz in lead roles. Other actors in supporting roles are Shatrughan Sinha, Jeetendra, Durga Khote, Ramesh Deo and Jagdeep.
The film received six nominations at the 18th Filmfare Awards in 1971 of which it won the Filmfare Best Movie Award and Filmfare Best Actress Award for Mumtaz.
Other nominations were for Best Actor (Sanjeev Kumar), Best Comic (Jagdeep), Best Story (Gulshan Nanda), and Best Male Playback Singer (Mohd. Rafi). 
The film became a box office "hit".
Plot.
Vijaykamal (played by Sanjeev Kumar) is a son of a rich Thakur Suraj Singh but has lost his mind. He sees his lover Sapna marry his neighbour Bihari (played by Shatrughan Sinha) and then commit suicide on the night of the Diwali party hosted by Bihari. This incident puts Vijay in shock. Thakur believes that if Vijay gets married, his mental health would improve. He hence approaches a tawaif Chand (played by Mumtaz) to pretend to be Vijay's wife and thus help him get better. But Chand receives cold treatment by Vijay's mother and his elder brother Kishore. Once, in a fit of madness, Vijay sexually assaults Chand. But later Chand becomes very friendly with Vijay and that starts improving his condition. 
Bihari who wishes to have Chand for himself also tries to persuade Vijay's young sister Radha. He promises Radha to make her an actress in Bollywood and asks her to elope with him with the family's money and gold. But Chand does not let Bihari's plan work. Vijay's younger brother Mohan (played by Jeetendra) also falls in love with noble Chand and is heartbroken when he finds out that she is pregnant (owing to the assault) and is carrying Vijay's child. Dejected, he leaves home without notice.
In a fight between Vijay and Bihari, Bihari falls off the terrace and this shocks Vijay curing him of his mental ailment. But then Vijay is unable to recall Chand. She is then humiliated by the family and is thrown out of the house. Mohan steps in and accuses everyone for treating her like a toy and only using her when needed. He reveals how she saved Radha from Bihari's evil pursuits. 
It is also revealed that Chand was actually born in a noble family and was only raised as a tawaif as she was found alone after a train accident. The family thus accepts Chand and all ends well.
Music.
The lyrics written by Anand Bakshi are composed into songs by the musical duo Laxmikant Pyarelal.
Awards.
The film won two Filmfare Awards out of the six nominations it received.
Other four nominations that it received were;

</doc>
<doc id="5996249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996249" title="Archbishop Hannan High School">
Archbishop Hannan High School

Archbishop Hannan High School is a Catholic, co-ed, high school located in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. Its mascot is called "Harry The Hawk". The school's motto is Caritas Viniculum Perfectionis, which translates to "charity is the way to perfection." It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans.
The Old Campus (St. Bernard Parish Campus).
The old Hannan campus, located at 2501 Archbishop Philip M. Hannan Boulevard Meraux, LA, was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The campus was situated on Archbishop Philip M. Hannan Boulevard, between East Judge Perez Drive and St. Bernard Highway. The school was completely air-conditioned and included Our Lady of Peace Chapel, separate boys’ and girls’ athletic facilities (including a baseball stadium, softball field, and lighted football stadium), a large library and media center, a science wing, networked computer laboratories, a state-of-the-art foreign language lab, and a Fine Arts Complex that included a 200-seat auditorium, band room, art studio, and journalism lab.
Before its destruction the old campus was in its seventeenth year in operation as the only Catholic high school in St. Bernard Parish.
Sports.
Hannan has had several sports teams:

</doc>
<doc id="5996265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996265" title="Croll">
Croll

Croll is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5996266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996266" title="Ruddy woodcreeper">
Ruddy woodcreeper

The ruddy woodcreeper ("Dendrocincla homochroa"), is a passerine bird which breeds in the tropical New World from southern Mexico to northern Colombia and extreme northern Venezuela.
This woodcreeper is typically 20 cm long, and weighs 44 g. It is almost entirely rufous, with a paler throat and grey line from the bill to the eye. The bill is longish and straight.
The call is a squeaky "quink" or loud "deeah".
The ruddy woodcreeper is found in premontane humid forest in lowlands and foothills up to 1600 m, and also in adjacent semi-open woodland and clearings.
Ruddy woodcreepers feed on spiders and insects. It will follow columns of army ants, sometimes in groups of up to three birds, dropping from saplings to catch prey fleeing the ants.
It builds a leaf-lined nest 0.6 to 5 m up in a hollow palm tree stump, and lays 2-3 white eggs. Adult birds also sleep alone in tree crevices.
Like other woodland birds, this species has been adversely affected by deforestation. For example, in Colombia it is apparently common in the northwestern Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, though otherwise a rather rare bird. This species apparently avoids human-altered habitat and secondary forest whenever possible. It is thus useful as a bioindicator.
Nonetheless, it occupies a large range and wherever sufficient habitat remains it is often not particularly uncommon. Therefore, the IUCN considers it a Species of Least Concern.

</doc>
<doc id="5996271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996271" title="Hurts So Good">
Hurts So Good

"Hurts So Good" is a song from 1982 by the American singer-songwriter John Mellencamp, then performing under the stage name "John Cougar." The song was a number two hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the singer/songwriter. It was the first of three major hit singles from his 1982 album "American Fool". The others were "Jack & Diane" and "Hand to Hold On To," which were all released in 1982.
Background and recording.
The song was written by Mellencamp and George Green, a childhood friend. The song was first conceived, Mellencamp claims, in his shower and the first lines created were those of the chorus written by Mellencamp. He then repeated the lines to Green and they finished the song very quickly.
The song was recorded at Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles, California and was engineered by Don Gehman and George Tutko. Backing Mellencamp were Larry Crane & Mike Wanchic (guitars, backing vocals), Kenny Aronoff (drums), George "Chocolate" Perry (bass) and Dave Parman (backing vocals).
Music video.
Much of the video was filmed in Medora, Indiana, a small town located approximately 20 miles southwest of Seymour, Indiana, where Mellencamp was born and raised.
Charts.
The song hit number one on "Billboard"'s Hot Tracks mainstream rock chart. It peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on 7 August 1982 and, although it failed to make number one, it spent 16 weeks in the top 10, the longest time for any song in the 1980s. It was kept off the top spot by "Eye Of The Tiger" by Survivor. The song was listed at #83 on "Billboard's Greatest Songs of All Time". The song also reached #39 on the New Zealand Top 50. The song was also a hit in Canada reaching #3 on "RPM" magazine's Top 50 Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5996288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996288" title="Blue Bridge">
Blue Bridge

Blue Bridge may refer to:
Bridges:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="5996315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996315" title="Huntridge Theater">
Huntridge Theater

Huntridge Theater sometimes known as the Huntridge Performing Arts Theater is a Streamline Moderne building located in Las Vegas, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by S. Charles Lee.
First opened as a cinema, the theater also hosted stage performances and was a concert venue in its last years.
History.
Construction began with a ground breaking announced in the Las Vegas Review Journal on April 6, 1944. The theater opening on October 10, 1944. It was operated by the Commonwealth Theater Company of Las Vegas, and later the Huntridge Theater Company of Las Vegas. Both companies were headed Thomas Oakey of Las Vegas. The Huntridge Theater Company, which took ownership in 1951, was partially owned by actresses Loretta Young and Irene Dunne. The theater was built on land which had been owned by international business magnate Leigh S. J. Hunt, before he left it to his son Henry Leigh Hunt in 1933. The Huntridge Theater and the surrounding Huntridge subdivision are named after the Hunt family. 
The theater is said to have been the first non-segregated theater in Las Vegas.
The theater was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
On July 28, 1995, the punk rock group Circle Jerks were to perform at the theater. Several hours before they were to arrive, the roof of the theater collapsed. There were no serious injuries. Lead singer Keith Morris would later comment, "As soon as we got there, we were told that the roof had collapsed and the show was canceled. We didn't have anywhere else to go, so we just set up our equipment in the parking lot and played for the 30 or 40 people who were still there."
While attempting to save the theater, it was operated by the non-profit Friends of the Huntridge Theatre, Inc. which dissolved in 2002.
The Huntridge Theater closed on July 31, 2004, almost 60 years after it opened.
The property is controlled by the Mizrachi family of Las Vegas, which owns a furniture store occupying a part of the property which used to house a bank.
Since July 2012, a local nonprofit organization called The Huntridge Foundation has been working to preserve the architectural integrity, history and culture of the Huntridge Theater and the surrounding community. The nonprofit conducts oral history interviews of longtime Las Vegans who experienced the theater when it was open, collects theater memorabilia and photographs for a historic archives collection to be donated to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas Libraries Special Collections Department upon completion, among other activities. 
As of April 2013, a potential redevelopment project has started and the theater has received new paint and exterior restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="5996329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996329" title="Fort Inge">
Fort Inge

Fort Inge was a frontier fort in Uvalde County, Texas (USA) established as Camp Leona on March 13, 1849. The fort served as a base for United States Army troops assigned to protect the southern overland mail route along the San Antonio-El Paso Road from Indian raids. The camp was renamed Fort Inge in honor of Lieutenant Zebulon M. P. Inge a West Point officer killed in the Mexican–American War. Other forts in the frontier fort system were Forts Griffin, Concho, Belknap, Chadbourne, Fort Stockton, Fort Davis, Fort Bliss, Fort Mason, McKavett, Clark, Fort McIntosh, Richardson and Phantom Hill in Texas, and Fort Sill in Oklahoma. There were "sub posts or intermediate stations" including Bothwick's Station on Salt Creek between Fort Richardson and Fort Belknap, Camp Wichita near Buffalo Springs between Fort Richardson and Red River Station, and Mountain Pass between Fort Concho and Fort Griffin.
There were two wooden barracks with thatched roofs that quartered the soldiers assigned to the fort. There was also a large limestone building that served as commissary and later a hospital. The buildings at Ft. Inge were never sufficient for the troops stationed there, probably because this post was never determined by the Army to be a permanent post. It was started in 1849 but abandoned in the spring of 1851. It was reoccupied that same summer and occupied until 1855 when it was abandoned again. It was reoccupied a third time in 1856 but was abandoned in 1861 to Confederate States Army troops.
The United States Army regarrisoned the fort until March 19, 1869, when the garrison was transferred to Fort McKavett. The army recovered materials from the site to use for additions to nearby Fort Clark. Fort Inge then saw use as a camp by the Texas Rangers until 1884.
The fort was surrounded on three sides by a stacked stone wall added approximately at the time of the Civil War. The wall was dismantled in 1874 and the stone used to build a dam on the Leona River. The wall was relaid along its original lines in 1984.
Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte II was posted to Fort Inge in the early 1850s, and his letters from there are preserved by the Maryland Historical Society.
In 1961, the site became the Fort Inge Historical Site County Park. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 12, 1985. The site is located on the Leona River and is dominated by the high remains of an extinct volcano named Mount Inge.
Major Neighbors.
Robert Neighbors arrived at the fort on 7 April 1854, investigating Indian depredations and found the raiding party consisted of twelve Tonkawas, two of which were killed and nine turned over to the fort. Neighbors also freed the Lipan Chief Chiquito and his men from the guard house, and charged Indian Agent Howard with "dereliction of duty" for their false arrest and mismanagement of the Indian situation.

</doc>
<doc id="5996352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996352" title="Choose Me">
Choose Me

Choose Me is a 1984 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Alan Rudolph, starring Keith Carradine, Lesley Ann Warren, and Geneviève Bujold. It was rated R by the MPAA. The film's tagline is "In the middle of the night, when there's no one else..."
Plot.
After Mickey is released from a mental hospital, where his stories are perceived as lies, he goes back to Los Angeles in search of a woman named Eve. When he arrives at the bar that bears her name, he is immediately attracted to the new owner, also named Eve. She tells Mickey she bought the bar after the old owner killed herself, "over some guy". Although Eve is also attracted to Mickey, she refuses to commit to any one man, confessing to radio talk show host Dr. Nancy Love that she ruined too many marriages to have one of her own. That night Eve rebuffs Mickey's advances and sleeps with the bartender who has a crush on her, while avoiding the married man she's been having an affair with.
That same night, Dr. Nancy Love answered Eve's ad for a roommate to share her house, and moves in the next day. Nancy conceals her identity and begins to observe Eve's romantic entanglements even as she counsels Eve through her radio show. When Eve's married lover, Zack, calls looking for her, Nancy asks penetrating questions and begins dispensing relationship advice, despite the fact that she herself has been unable to maintain a successful relationship. Zack in turn resumes his pursuit of Eve, although his wife, Pearl, has begun to haunt Eve's bar hoping to catch him with her, unbeknownst to Eve.
Mickey comes back to the bar the next night when he is unable to pay for a bus ticket home to Las Vegas. Pearl asks his opinion of a poem, and when she argues his interpretation Mickey reveals that he taught poetry, as well as being a photographer and a former soldier. Eve is intrigued but cool, and Mickey leaves when Pearl offers to get him into a hot card game where he can get the money for a ticket home. When she drops him off, Mickey kisses Pearl and asks her to marry him, but she just laughs, calling him crazy, although she invites him to drop by her place, and gives him Eve's address and phone number. At the game Mickey wins big, earning the ire of Pearl's husband Zack. Zack warns Mickey not to come back, before he goes to meet Eve, but Eve in turn sends Zack away, telling him their affair is over.
Mickey goes to Pearl's apartment to crash, and when he wakes up begins taking pictures as she sleeps. She is just waking up when Zack walks in, still stinging from Eve's rejection, and he attacks Mickey, pulling a gun and taking back the money he lost. He slaps Pearl after Mickey runs out, assuming they slept together.
Mickey calls Eve's house, and when Nancy answers pleads to come over and crash, hanging up before he realizes who she is. When he arrives Nancy tells him Eve isn't home, and while he is confused he welcomes the chance to bathe and eat when she allows him in. She snoops in his suitcase while he bathes, finding memorabilia showing the truth of his stories and travels. As he eats they talk about Eve, but sensing her loneliness he sweeps her into bed, then asks her to marry him and go with him to Las Vegas. Nancy laughs, but tells him she doesn't believe he's crazy. Then she tells him to leave before she goes to work.
Eve calls into Nancy's radio show from the office above her bar, torn between her attraction for Mickey and her fear of making another mistake. Nancy's post-coital euphoria overcomes her normal intellectual approach, and she encourages Eve to give in to, rather than resist, her feelings. So when Mickey comes looking for Eve that night, she is almost ready to give in when Zack appears and assaults Mickey again. Eve takes off while they are fighting, and when she gets home is suddenly confronted by Nancy, who tells her everything. Eve is devastated when Nancy proposes that they "share" Mickey's affection, and she tells Nancy she can have him, before rushing out.
Mickey goes back to Eve's house to recover his suitcase, and Zack finds him there and assaults him again. But Mickey prevails, recovering the money and leaving with his suitcase. He tries to cadge a ride to the bus station but spies Eve on the roof of the bar, and races up to see her. She pulls a gun and threatens to kill herself until he does the same; then she breaks down and they embrace.
Soon they are on a bus, on their way to Las Vegas, and when a fellow passenger asks if they are gambling, Eve says you could call it that - they've just been married.
Critical reaction.
The film is reviewed favourably in Pauline Kael's eighth collection of movie reviews "State of the Art": "The love roundelay "Choose Me", written and directed by Alan Rudolph, on a budget of $835,000, is pleasantly bananas. The songs are performed by Teddy Pendergrass and he's just right. The entire movie has a lilting, loose, choreographic flow to it [...] this low-budget comedy-fantasy has some of the most entertaining (and best-sustained) performances I've seen all year."
The film was screened out of competition at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5996359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996359" title="Blue Bridge (Washington)">
Blue Bridge (Washington)

The Blue Bridge (officially named the Pioneer Memorial Bridge) is a four-lane arch-truss bridge connecting Pasco, Washington to Kennewick, Washington. U.S. Route 395 crosses the Columbia River via this bridge. The name comes from the blue paint used on the truss superstructure, with white paint on the suspension beams. The bridge was painted green at time of construction (green being the state color of Washington). It is one of three bridges connecting Pasco to the other members of the Tri-Cities of Washington (Kennewick and Richland), along with the Cable Bridge to the east and the Interstate 182 Bridge from Richland to the northwest.
History.
The bridge was first proposed in 1949 as the previous bridge (commonly referred to as the "Green Bridge") was unable to handle the 10,000+ cars that were crossing it daily. Work on the bridge was begun in 1951. Work was completed in the summer of 1954 with a total cost of about $7 million. The bridge was dedicated on July 30, 1954. A United States flag flies atop the bridge, which was added during the re-decking of the bridge in 1989.
During rush hour, the junction of U.S Route 395 and State Route 240 on the southbound side of the bridge is especially crowded. Late in 2005, it was announced that funding had been obtained in order to remedy the situation, by modifying the approaches and exits to the bridge, especially at the Highway 395 southbound exit on the Kennewick side of the bridge. This included constructing two roundabouts in place of the usual cloverleaf pattern. Construction began February 23 and was completed in October 2009.
In 2002, the bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (#02000241).

</doc>
<doc id="5996375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996375" title="Bernard Lown">
Bernard Lown

Bernard Lown (born June 7, 1921 in Utena, Lithuania) is the original developer of the DC defibrillator and the cardioverter, as well as a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. Lown developed the direct current defibrillator for cardiac resuscitation and the cardioverter for correcting rapid disordered heart rhythms, and introduced a new use for the drug lidocaine to control heartbeat disturbances. Throughout his medical career, Lown focused on two major medical challenges: the problem of sudden cardiac death and the role of psychological stress on the cardiovascular system. His investigations led to many medical break-throughs. Among these were the coronary care unit. His work made possible and safe much of modern cardiac surgery, as well as a host of other innovations.
In 1985, Lown accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, an organization he co-founded with Soviet cardiologist Dr. Yevgeny Chazov, who later was Minister Of Health of the USSR.
Lown is currently Professor of Cardiology Emeritus at the Harvard School of Public Health, and Senior Physician Emeritus at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Boston, MA. He is the founder of the Lown Cardiovascular Center and Lown Cardiovascular Research Foundation. He recently founded the Lown Institute, which aims to reform both the health care system and society.
Early life and education.
Born in Lithuania, Bernard Lown emigrated to Lewiston, Maine at age 13, shortly before the outbreak of World War II.
Lown graduated summa cum laude from the University of Maine and received an M.D. from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1945. His medical training included Yale-New Haven Hospital (Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut); Montefiore Medical Center, Bronx, NY; and a cardiology fellowship at the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital (now Brigham and Women’s Hospital, in Boston). His mentor in cardiology was the renowned clinical cardiologist, Samuel A. Levine.
Development of the defibrillator.
Lown helped raise international medical awareness of sudden cardiac death as a leading cause of mortality in the developed world. Based on patient observations, Lown concluded that sudden cardiac death was reversible and survivable, and that people who were successfully resuscitated could have a near normal life expectancy.
Working with his mentor Dr. S.A. Levine, Lown realized that the high mortality of a heart attack, then 35 percent, was most likely due to rigorous bed rest. Patients remained completely recumbent for six or more weeks. A major complication of bed rest was pulmonary embolism, which accounted for a significant part of the mortality. Lown encountered enormous opposition and hostility among doctors to the so called "chair treatment." In 81 patients gotten out of bed early, mortality was reduced by two thirds. Once the work was published, the chair treatment was rapidly adopted and hospitalizations were reduced to several days. Untold lives were saved by getting patients out of bed.
Until the 1950s, ventricular fibrillation of the heart could only be treated with drug therapy. In 1956 American cardiologist Paul Zoll described resuscitations during open-heart surgery and later after sudden cardiac death by means of an alternating current (AC) electric shock, derived from a wall socket. AC current was untested as to its safety and efficacy and could cause death. In 1959, Lown demonstrated that AC was injurious to the heart and could be lethal. These investigations were conducted in the Department of Nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health. The work was supported by Professor Frederick Stare, chairman of the Department of Nutrition.
To find a safer method of cardiac resuscitation, Lown enlisted the help of Baruch Berkowitz, an electrical engineer employed by American Optical Company (AO). In their experimental work, Lown focused on two objectives: safety and efficacy. Alternating current caused burns in skeletal and heart muscle also inducing atrial as well as ventricular fibrillation in a large majority of the animal experiments.
During a year of intense experimentation, in 1961 Lown and coworkers proved that a specific direct current (DC) waveform consistently reversed ventricular fibrillation, restoring a normal heart beat without injuring heart or skeletal muscle. This became widely known as the "Lown waveform." It facilitated the world wide acceptance of the defibrillator and cardioverter and improved survival of patients with coronary heart disease.
The DC defibrillator provided a new approach for resuscitating patients. It also paved the way for new possibilities in cardiac surgery. The Lown clinical group were the first to use the defibrillator and cardioverter at Peter Bent Brigham Hospital. Dr. Donald B. Effler, was the first cardiac surgeon to use the DC defibrillator in 1962 at the Cleveland Clinic. According to Effler, this advance made possible modern cardiac surgery. Indeed, in 1967, Dr. Rene Favoloro performed what is regarded as the first coronary artery bypass operation in Effler’s surgical department at Cleveland Clinic. DC defibrillation provided a safe way to restore a normal heart rhythm during the surgical bypass of obstructed coronary arteries.
Lown went on to investigate the possibilities of the defibrillator to treat non-life threatening tachycardias. He discovered that timing the electrical discharge outside the heart’s brief vulnerable period of 0.03 seconds in duration prevented ventricular fibrillation or sudden cardiac death. He called this method of timed DC discharge "Cardioversion." The cardioverter and DC defibrillator were especially valuable in coronary care units, when patients are hospitalized when most susceptible to sudden cardiac death and other potentially malignant arrhythmias.
In addition to advancing medical technology, Lown discovered new applications for two drugs that were widely used for cardiac problems: digitalis and lidocaine. Until the 1950’s, digitalis poisoning was a major cause of fatality among patients with congestive heart failure. During a medical residency at the Montefiore Hospital in New York City, Lown demonstrated the critical role of potassium in determining the safe use of digitalis. His discovery led to abandonment of long acting digitalis drugs like digitoxin. Instead, the short acting digitalis glycoside gained universal acceptance. It also focused medical attention on potassium loss with the use of vavarious diuretics.
In 1964, Lown introduced a new use for the drug lidocaine to control ventricular disordered heart rhythms. Lidocaine was also used in coronary units to prevent the need for resuscitation. Previously, lidocaine was used almost exclusively by dentists as an anesthetic agent.
Fiber optics.
In 1957, Lown was concerned with how to visualize an atherosclerotic aortic plaque, which occurs in the big coronary vessels that supply nutrients to the heart muscle. This would, he hoped, lead to discovering how to treat and prevent heart attack and sudden cardiac death. A discussion with a close friend, Elias Snitzer, a physicist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology led to an introduction to Dr. Michael Polanyi, a physicist with American Optical Company. At the time, Polanyi was working on fiber optics. Lown received a grant from the Hartford Foundation to pursue fiber optics. However, optical technology, at the time, was inadequate. This line of research was discontinued. Lown’s work did show that, with fiber optics, it was possible to measure oxygen saturation in dogs, and determine the cardiac output in humans.
Paradoxically, when Lown submitted two abstracts to the World Cardiology Conference in Mexico in 1964, one on the defibrillator and cardioversion, and one dealing with fiber optics, the former was rejected and the latter accepted.
Peace activism.
Physicians for Social Responsibility (PSR).
In early 1961, Lown called together a group of physicians from Boston’s teaching hospitals to address the mounting threat of nuclear war between the USSR and the USA. This political subject had not been addressed previously which by physicians in the United States. The new organization called itself Physicians for Social Responsibility (PSR).
Among the activist participants were Drs. Jack Geiger and Victor Sidel. By the end of 1961, the group had drafted five research articles about the medical consequences of a ten megaton nuclear attak on the city of Boston, a magnitude considered both possible and likely by the U.S. military. The series, “The Medical Consequences of Thermonuclear War,” was published as a symposium in the New England Journal of Medicine in May 1962.
These articles encouraged anti-nuclear medical movements world wide. Additionally, they helped pass the Limited Test Ban Treaty in the US Senate.
Committee of Responsibility for War Injured Vietnamese Children (COR).
Lown was also involved in organizing COR, Committee of Responsibility to Save War Burned and War Injured Children. of which he was a leading member. This organization aimed to bring injured and burned Vietnamese children for treatment in the United States, in order “to bring the war home.”
COR was headed by Dr. Herbert Needelman. It arranged for several American hospitals to treat injured Vietnamese children for free. Dr. John Constable III, from the Shriner Burn Center of the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, was among the first physicians to participate. He and other physicians traveled numerous times to Vietnam to choose children with injuries that could be helped.
This mission could not be accomplished without ambulance planes ferrying the very sick children. Lown led a delegation to Washington for a meeting with William F. Bundy, then Assistant Secretary of State. He was persuaded to support the objective of COR. In 1967 the Pentago began to transport Vietnamese children to the USA.
International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War (IPPNW).
In 1980, Lown called on a small number of doctors to organize against the mounting nuclear threat that followed USSR's invasion of Afghanistan and the election of the Reagan administration. This small group of physicians, with the help largely of first year Harvard medical students, formed the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War (IPPNW).
This IPPNW could not have been founded without the intimate friendship between Dr. Eugene Chazov and Lown. Both cardiologists, they had collaborated in researching the issue of sudden cardiac death, sponsored by the National Heart and Lung Institute.
Lown headed the American Sudden Death Task Force, while Chazov headed the Soviet group of cardiologists. Frequent visits to the USSR with American cardiological colleagues promoted dialogue and understanding between physicians of the two hostile countries. It laid the groundwork and made the IPPNW possible. These events are described in Lown's memoir, "Prescription for Survival: A Doctor's Journey to End Nuclear Madness."
The first IPPNW annual World Congress was held at Arlie House, Virginia, in 1981. Eighty medical leaders from twelve countries attended.
In 1982, the 2nd IPPNW Congress took place in Cambridge, England with over 400 participants. Among the American participants were astrophysicist and science populizer, Carl Sagan; Admiral Noel Gayler, formerly head of the American Pacific Fleet, Director of the National Security Agency, and in charge of targeting nuclear weapons against he USSR; Dr. Howard Hiatt, Dean of the Harvard School of Public Health; and Dr. Herbert Abrams, head of Radiology at the Harvard Medical School. Equally distinguished participants attended from the UK, Germany, and Scandinavian countries.
A major breakthrough for IPPNW was arranged by Eugene Chazov in 1982 when three Soviet physicians and three American physicians appeared on a nation-wide Soviet television network. The Soviet participants were Chazov, Michael Kuzin, and Leonid Ilyin; while the Americans were Lown, James Muller, and John Pastore. During this unprecedented telecast an audience of 100 million Soviet viewers for the first time heard an unedited discussion of the consequences of nuclear war. The program was later broadcast in the US.
By 1985, IPPNW represented 135,000 physicians in 60 countries.
In December of that year, Lown and Chazov accepted the 1985 Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of IPPNW. Shortly thereafter, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev invited IPPNW Co-Presidents Lown and Chazov for a meeting in the Kremlin. The lengthy discussion covered a host of issues. Discussed was Gorbachev's unilateral moratorium on nuclear weapons testing, the arrest and detention of Nobel Laureate physicist, Andrei Sakharov in the city of Gorki, the North-South divide, and other important subjects.
International public health work.
SatelLife and ProCor.
Two organizations founded by Lown (SatelLife, 1988; and ProCor, 1997) are designed to aid physicians in developing countries by connecting them to relevant information on cardiovascular disease and its prevention. Their focus is on global inequities in healthcare and leveraging technology to promote health equality.
SatelLife employed low earth-orbit satellites that circumnavigated the poles and were capable of reaching every point on earth four times daily. They provided access to medical literature to health professionals in developing countries.
ProCor created an internet network of health workers in developing countries around the world. This internet-based community enabled physicians and health workers to access relevant and reliable medical information about cardiovascular disease. The focus was on disease prevention. It also offered an email-based forum for discussion.
ProCor’s global outreach included The Ashanti-ProCor Project, launched in 2006, which was designed to assess cardiovascular disease knowledge and practice among health workers in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, identify those who can play a key role in prevention, and explore their information needs as a way to better address the needs of physicians in the developing world.
Ad Hoc Committee to Defend Healthcare.
In 1996, Lown, with Drs. Stephanie Woolhandler and David Himmelstein of the Cambridge City Hospital; Dr. Jerry Avorn, head of Pharmacoepidemiology at the Harvard Medical School; and Dr. Susan Bennett, a primary care physician at Massachusetts General Hospital formed the Ad Hoc Committee to Defend Healthcare. Many health workers joined the Ad Hoc Committee, the objective of which was to promote a single-payer healthcare system in Massachusetts 
In 1997, a letter signed by over 2000 Massachusetts physicians outlined the need for single-payer healthcare. The letter was published in The Journal of the American Medical Association. The Ad Hoc Committee canvassed people through the state of Massachusetts to gain the 100,000 names necessary to put the issue on the ballot.
The issue was put to referendum in Massachusetts in 2000. In spite of opposition, the referendum showed 45% of voters in favor of single-payer healthcare.
The Lown Institute.
In 2012, Lown and colleagues founded the Lown Institute (LI). The LI addresses the growing crisis in healthcare in the USA, marked by undertreatment, mistreatment, no treatment, and overtreatment. The LI believes that democratic governance is essential to rectifying the health care crisis. Fundamental to LI thinking is that the health care profession needs to act as a catalyst for affecting a "Renaissance" in both medicine and society.
Among Participants in the leadership of the LI are Nassib Chamoun, Dr. Vikas Saini, Dr. Thomas Graboys, Professor Joseph Brain, Dr. Barbara Roberts, Shannon Brownlee, James Joslin, Ron Shaich, Breck Eagle, and others.
The Lown family.
Lown married his cousin Louise Lown in 1946. They have three children: Fredric, a school teacher of English and poetry in Brookline, MA, as well as author and poet; Anne, an executive of a foster care agency in New York City; and Naomi, a family therapist in Arlington, MA. Lown and his wife have five grandchildren.
Awards and honors.
Lown has received numerous awards including the Golden Door Award from the International Institute of Boston; the Dr. Paul Dudley White Award from the American Heart Association; the Distinguished Emeritus Professor from Harvard School of Public Health; the Distinguished Medical Alumnus Award by Johns Hopkins School of Medicine; and the highest honor from the country of Lithuania: the Cross of Commander of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas, the Gandhi Peace Award, and the first Cardinal Medeiros Peace Award, as well as 21 honorary degrees from universities both in the USA and abroad. In 1993, he delivered the Indira Gandhi Memorial Lecture in New Delhi.
The bridge that connects the cities of Lewiston and Auburn in Maine was renamed The Bernard Lown Peace Bridge upon an act by the state legislature that was signed into law by Governor John Baldacci in 2008.
The Brigham and Women's Hospital in 2009 established the Bernard Lown Educational award. The recipient is selected by staff and students.
Honors from the Harvard School of Public Health.
The Lown Scholars Program at the Harvard School of Public Health aims to assist promising health professionals who live and work in low- and middle-income countries. "program is designed to create an international cadre of talented health professionals [...] who will use public health tools and strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease and promote cardiac health." 
The Lown Visiting Professor.
In 2012, a visiting Professorship was established whose function is to coordinate the courses afforded to the Lown Scholars as well as help promote cardiovascular preventative programs in low- and middle-income countries.
Lown bibliography.
Books.
Chapters contributed to books.
Lown is authored or co-authored of 52 chapters.
Scientific publications.
Lown is author or co-author of 447 publications in scientifically refereed journals.
Internet publications.
The Lown Blog about medical, social, and political issues (33 essays as of 12 April 2014).
The Lown Conversation, an episodic intergenerational conversation dealing with the crisis in health care (30 essays as of 12 April 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="5996397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996397" title="Eduard von Jachmann">
Eduard von Jachmann

Eduard Karl Emanuel von Jachmann (March 2, 1822 – October 23, 1887) was a German vice admiral ("Vizeadmiral").
Jachmann was born in Danzig and attended grammar school in Marienwerder. He started sea travelling with a trip to the West Indies (1839–1844). From 1844 to 1848, he served on the corvette "Amazone" in the Mediterranean and at the American coast. In 1845, he was promoted lieutenant. From 1849 to 1852, he commanded a gunboat flotilla at Stralsund before he was transferred to the Prussian Ministry of War.
As First Lieutenant, Jachmann took part in an expedition to the Americas in 1853/54. Afterwards, he was appointed Chief Officer of the Danzig shipyard and lieutenant commander. In 1857, he became departmental head in the newly established admiralty. From 1859 to 1862, he was commander of an expedition to East Asia and China. During the Second Schleswig War (1864), Jachmann was in command of all armed forces in the Baltic Sea. After the naval action of Jasmund (Isle of Rügen) on March 17, 1864, he was appointed rear admiral. After the war, he became commander of the naval base in Kiel. In 1867, he was promoted to vice admiral and Praeses of the Ministry for the Navy. During the Franco-Prussian War (1870/71), Jachmann was Commander-in-Chief for the North Sea.
Jachmann resigned when Albrecht von Stosch was nominated Minister for the Navy on December 31, 1871. He died in Oldenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5996413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996413" title="Double dip">
Double dip

Double dip may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5996416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996416" title="Black Butte">
Black Butte

Black Butte can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5996422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996422" title="Church of the Poison Mind">
Church of the Poison Mind

"Church of the Poison Mind" was a 1983 hit single for the British new wave band Culture Club. It was released as the lead single from their second - and most successful - album "Colour by Numbers".
The song reached #2 in the United Kingdom, being kept out of the top spot by David Bowie's "Let's Dance". It was also the band's fourth Top 10 hit in the United States and Canada. In America, it was still climbing the charts when "Karma Chameleon" was released on a 45. This prompted Epic Records to release "Karma" ahead of schedule. 
"Church of the Poison Mind" actually reached its peak position the same week "Karma Chameleon" debuted on the US charts. In many countries its B-side was the heavily percussive street song "Man Shake" and in some others, such as the United States, it was the song "Mystery Boy". Both songs were on the 12-inch in many countries, except Canada, where it was issued with an extended version of previous hit "I'll Tumble 4 Ya".
Helen Terry sang backing vocals on the song.
Track listing.
7-inch record.
A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "Man Shake"
"(Released in UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Portugal, Sweden)"
A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "Mystery Boy"
"(Released in Peru, USA.)"
12-inch record.
A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B1. "Mystery Boy"<br>
B2. "Man Shake"
"(Released at least in UK, Australia, Germany, Greece (different cover), Italy, Mexico.)"
A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "I'll Tumble 4 Ya" (extended dance mix)
"(Released in Canada.)"

</doc>
<doc id="5996425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996425" title="Corrado Colombo">
Corrado Colombo

Corrado Colombo (born 3 August 1979) is an Italian footballer. He currently plays for Tuttocuoio.
Biograpjy.
Atalanta, Inter and loans.
Colombo started his career at the famous youth rank of Atalanta. He made his debut on Serie B and for the club in 1998/1999 season, and then joined Pistoiese (Serie B). He was signed by the giant Internazionale in the summer of 2000 in co-ownership deal. He made his Serie A debut on 1 October 2000 against Reggina Calcio, and four other appearances at Coppa Italia, Italian Super Cup and the UEFA Cup match, in which he scored.
In October, he was on loan to Torino Calcio (Serie B) along with Sixto Peralta, due to there being too many strikers on the squad.
He failed to return to Inter, but was sold back to Atalanta, this time in the Serie A.
His first ever Serie A season as regular was fair, in which he made 22 appearances.
Sampdoria and loans.
In summer 2002, Sampdoria (Serie B) signed Colombo in a co-ownership deal. He is one of the players who helped the club to be promoted, by playing 27 games.
But his third Serie A season with his third Serie A club was bitter, he made just 2 appearances before the winter break.
Colombo was loaned to Piacenza (Serie B), Livorno (Serie A) and Ascoli (Serie A), for exactly two seasons. The latter two were newcomers to the Serie A at that time, and Piacenza was also new to Serie B since being relegated.
He returned to Sampdoria in January 2006, due to injuries of Emiliano Bonazzoli, when he made 12 appearances, without a goal.
Brescia, Spezia and Pisa.
In June 2006, Atalanta gave up the remain registration rights of Colombo to Sampdoria for free, while the "Blue-Black" also forced to sell Biagio Pagano to Sampdoria after no agreement was formed and a lower bid thereafter . But it saw Colombo sent to Brescia (Serie B) in co-ownership deal in 29 August 2006, for a peppercorn fee of €500. Likes previous times, he failed to score regularly.
In 29 January 2007, Spezia (Serie B) signed Colombo, in co-ownership with Sampdoria for peppercorn fee of €500, as an emergency signing. He finally scored regularly, scoring 8 goals in 18 games, which kept the place of Serie B for Spezia.
He then transferred to Pisa Calcio in January 2008. Pisa paid €200,000 to Spezia to acquire its portion of registration rights. In June 2008 Sampdoria gave up the remain 50% registration rights to Pisa for free.
Bari, Verona and Spezia.
On 1 September 2008, he was signed by Bari in 2-year contract. On 31 August 2009, he signed a 2-year contract with Verona, after rule out from Bari first team. In August 2010 Colombo was released. Two days later Colombo was re-signed by Spezia.
Serie D.
On 25 August 2011 Colombo was signed by Serie D club U.S. Pistoiese 1921. However after only 1 goal in 7 games, he was released.
International career.
He was a member of the Italy national under-21 football team.
Statistics.
1Include one match at 2000 Supercoppa Italiana.
2Include one match at Relegation play-off.
3Include two matches and one goals at Relegation play-off
4All in 2009–10 Coppa Italia Lega Pro
5Include four matches in Promotion play-off

</doc>
<doc id="5996453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996453" title="Garo">
Garo

Garo may refer to:
Persons.
"Garo, a common Armenian first name, shortened version of Karapet (Eastern Armenian) / Garabed (Western Armenian). For Eastern Armenian variant of Garo, namely Karo, refer to Karo#Persons" 

</doc>
<doc id="5996468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996468" title="Washington State Route 240">
Washington State Route 240

State Route 240 is a busy state highway servicing the Tri-Cities of Washington and the Hanford Site.
Route description.
Its eastern end begins at the southern end of the Blue Bridge in central Kennewick as an offshoot of U.S. Route 395. It continues as a freeway through northern Kennewick just south of the Columbia River—passing near the Columbia Center Mall on the way—all the way up to Richland, where it effectively enters into town as the heavily-traveled George Washington Way at the interchange with Interstate 182. However, it is possible to continue on the highway (though it is no longer a freeway after the Interstate 182 interchange) by taking an exit and traveling around the west side of town—the highway is known for that stretch of land as the "Bypass Highway". This name, given when the highway actually avoided most of the rush-hour gridlock and constant stoplights of George Washington Way, is somewhat ironic nowadays as the six stoplights on this section of the highway impede drivers just as the traffic-laden main street has for decades. 
In any case, after traveling north for roughly five miles, the road itself continues northward as Stevens Drive, but the highway itself goes on as an offshoot, this time heading to the northwest. The highway enters the Hanford Nuclear Reservation and goes on for dozens of miles. Eventually, it ends in State Route 24. Going north onto Highway 24 leads to Interstate 90 and George, Washington; going west instead leads to Yakima, Washington.
SR 240 has a bike path that runs adjacent to it from Columbia Park Trail, where it continues east along the Columbia River, to Stevens Drive, where it continues north to Hanford.
History.
Before Interstate 182 was built, SR 240 was known as US 12 from Columbia Park Trail to its junction with today's US 395 where US 12 continued across the Blue Bridge to Pasco. Even before this, the same portion was known as US 410 before US 12 was expanded from Lewiston to Aberdeen in 1967. Before the freeway was built in on the north side of Kennewick, US 410 and later US 12 followed Columbia Park Trail to the Green Bridge east of Downtown Kennewick (today's SR 397).
Due to the heavy traffic pressed upon the highway during rush hour, the road underwent significant construction from the Columbia Center Boulevard exit in Kennewick all the way up through the first mile or so of George Washington Way. This included demolition of the fifty year-old four-lane bridge that spanned the Yakima River, where in its place two four-lane bridges were constructed. A more controversial change came at the eastbound exit to Columbia Park Trail, where a two-lane roundabout intersection - which connects the exit, Columbia Park Trail and Steptoe Avenue - was constructed. The work was completed in early June of 2007, several months ahead of schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="5996474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996474" title="Simon Phillips (footballer)">
Simon Phillips (footballer)

Simon "Flipper" Phillips (born 5 April 1987) is an Australian Football League (AFL) player, originally drafted from the Sandringham Dragons part of the TAC Cup. He has played for the Sydney Swans and now for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL and Norwood Football Club in the SANFL
Sydney Swans.
He was promoted to the senior side after the injury-related retirement of veteran Paul Williams mid-season, and immediately participated in his first senior AFL match in Round 15, 2006 at Subiaco Oval against the West Coast Eagles.
He was delisted by the Swans at the end of the 2007 season.
Norwood (SANFL).
As of 2008 Phillips has joined Norwood in the SANFL making his debut in Round 1. To the end of 2009 he has played 35 Games and kicked 38 Goals.
In Round 17 of the 2010 season Phillips reached his 50 game milestone unfortunately losing to Central District by 8 points kicking 2 goals.
Round 18 Phillips was voted one of the best players playing against South Adelaide Panthers.
Port Adelaide.
On October 11, 2010, Phillips was traded to the Port Adelaide Football Club as a pre-listed player for the Gold Coast Football Club. He debuted for Port Adelaide in Round 7, 2011 against Hawthorn at AAMI Stadium, replacing David Rodan who had injured his knee halfway through the game. Though Port lost, Phillips showed good form and played again the next games against Sydney and Fremantle. He played his first winning match with Port, against Richmond at TIO Stadium in Round 10, 2011, and he also kicked a goal in a crucial moment of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="5996506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996506" title="Cissy van Bennekom">
Cissy van Bennekom

Cissy van Bennekom (alternate spellings: "Ciccy v. Bennekom" and "Cissij van Bennekom") was a Dutch comedy actress. She was born in Haarlem in the Netherlands on July 11, 1911 and died of natural causes on March 1, 2005 in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="5996535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996535" title="Humbert Roque Versace">
Humbert Roque Versace

Captain Humbert Roque "Rocky" Versace (July 2, 1937–September 26, 1965) was a United States Army officer of Puerto Rican-Italian descent who was awarded the United States' highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his heroic actions while a prisoner of war (POW) during the Vietnam War. He was the first member of the U.S. Army to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions performed in Southeast Asia while in captivity.
Early years.
Humbert Roque Versace was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on July 2, 1937. He was the eldest of five children born to Marie Teresa Ríos (1917–1999)—the author of three books, including the "Fifteenth Pelican", on which "The Flying Nun" (starring Sally Field), the TV series of the 1960s, was based—and Colonel Humbert Joseph Versace (1911–1972).
Versace grew up in Alexandria, Virginia and attended Gonzaga College High School in Washington, D.C. during his freshman and sophomore years. His junior year he attended Frankfurt American High School in Germany. He graduated from Norfolk Catholic High School in his senior year. He joined the Armed Forces in Norfolk, Virginia. As had his father before him, Versace entered the United States Military Academy West Point. He graduated in 1959 and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant of Armor in the U.S. Army.
He was a member of Ranger Class 4-60 and was awarded the Ranger Tab on December 18, 1959. Upon graduation from Ranger School, Capt. Versace attended Airborne School and was awarded the parachutist badge. He then served with 3rd Battalion, 40th Armor, 1st Cavalry Division in the Republic of Korea as an M-48 tank platoon leader from March 1960 to April 1961. Captain Versace was then assigned to the 3d U.S. Infantry (Old Guard), where he served as a tank platoon leader in Headquarters and Headquarters Company. After volunteering for duty in Vietnam, he attended the Military Assistance Institute, the Intelligence course at Fort Holabird, Maryland, and the USACS Vietnamese language Course at the Presidio of Monterey.
Vietnam War.
On May 12, 1962, Versace began his first tour of duty in the Republic of Vietnam as an intelligence advisor. In May 1963 he volunteered for a six month's extension of his tour, planning to attend seminary at the conclusion of his service and join the Catholic priesthood, hoping to return to Vietnam as a missionary working with orphans.
Less than two weeks before the end of his tour, on October 29, 1963, while visiting a Military Academy classmate in Detachment A-23, 5th Special Forces Group in the Mekong Delta, Versace accompanied several companies of South Vietnamese Civilian Irregular Defense (CIDG) troops who had planned to remove a Viet Cong (VC) command post located in the U Minh Forest, a Viet Cong stronghold. A VC Main Force battalion ambushed and overran Versace's unit, wounding him in the process. He was able to provide enough covering fire so that the CIDG forces could withdraw from the killing zone.
A second government force of about 200 men operating only a few thousand yards from the main fight learned of the disaster too late to help. U.S. authorities said the communist radio jammers had knocked out both the main channel and the alternate channel on all local military radios. Versace was captured and taken to a prison deep in the jungle along with two other Americans, Lieutenant Nick Rowe and Sergeant Dan Pitzer. He tried to escape four times, but failed in his attempts. Versace insulted the Viet Cong during the indoctrination sessions and cited the Geneva Convention treaty time after time. The Viet Cong separated Versace from the other prisoners. The last time the prisoners heard his voice, he was loudly singing "God Bless America". On September 26, 1965, North Vietnam’s "Liberation Radio” announced the execution of Captain Humbert Roque Versace. Versace's remains have never been recovered. His headstone at Arlington National Cemetery stands above an empty grave and can be located in the Memorial section MG-108.
Upon learning of their son's fate, Marie Teresa Rios Versace and her husband, Colonel Versace, tried to find out what they could about the circumstances. She went to Paris in the late 1960s, trying unsuccessfully to see the North Vietnamese delegation as it arrived for peace talks. Rios Versace expressed her frustration and anguish in poems.
Nominations to award Versace the Medal of Honor were initiated in 1969, but the nomination failed and he was posthumously awarded the Silver Star instead. The quest for a Medal of Honor for Versace languished until the "Friends of Rocky Versace" reinitiated the crusade once more in 1999. Language added by Congress in the 2002 Defense Authorization Act ended the standoff and authorized the award of the nation's highest military decoration for combat valor to Versace.
On July 8, 2002, in a ceremony in the White House East Room, Versace was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President George W. Bush for his heroism, the first time an Army POW had been awarded the nation's highest honor for actions in captivity. Present were his surviving siblings, Dr. Stephen Versace, Richard (former coach of the Indiana Pacers), Michael and Trilby Versace. On November 7, 2008, the Department of the Army announced that the Silver Star awarded to Versace was revoked because the Silver Star award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
HEADQUARTERS
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
WASHINGTON, DC, 29 December 2009
In memory.
The name Humbert R Versace is inscribed on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial ("The Wall") on Panel 01E, Row 033. On July 6, 2002, Rocky Versace Plaza in Alexandria, Virginia was dedicated in honor of Humbert R. Versace. There is a statue with the likeness of Versace in the Plaza, which was made possible with a donation of $125,000 raised by the citizens of Alexandria, Virginia. On July 9, 2002, the day after the White House Medal of Honor ceremony, Secretary of the Army Thomas E. White and Army Chief of Staff General Eric K. Shinseki inducted Versace into the Pentagon Hall of Heroes.
In 2003, he was inducted into the The Military Intelligence Corps Hall of Fame. The Military Intelligence Hall of Fame is a Hall of Fame established by the Military Intelligence Corps of the United States Army in 1988 to honor soldiers and civilians who have made exceptional contributions to Military Intelligence. The Hall is administered by the United States Army Intelligence Center at Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
The name of Humbert Roque Versace was engraved in "El Monumento de la Recordación" (Monument of Remembrance), dedicated to Puerto Rico's fallen military members and situated in front of the Capitol Building in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and unveiled by Puerto Rico Senate President Kenneth McClintock (see copy of speech) and PR National Guard Adjutant General Col. David Carrión on Memorial Day, 2007.
Awards and decorations.
Among Capt. Humbert Roque Versace's military decorations are the following:
Badges:
Tabs:

</doc>
<doc id="5996544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996544" title="SWTX">
SWTX

SWTX (Server / Workstation Technology eXtended) is a computer chassis and motherboard form factor that is longer but narrower than WTX. At the time of writing, the SWTX format and terminology is used only by Supermicro, primarily for 4-socket servers. According to Supermicro tech support, SWTX motherboards are not compatible with ATX/EATX cases because of their size and mounting scheme. Likewise, ATX motherboards are not compatible with SWTX cases. According to Supermicro`s motherboard manuals, SWTX is a proprietary format. Dimensions: from to . Most SWTX boards seem to be in the middle of this range around .

</doc>
<doc id="5996548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996548" title="Milford Independent School District">
Milford Independent School District

Milford Independent School District is a public school district based in Milford, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Milford ISD is consolidated into one large building, located on U.S. Highway 77 on the southern end of Milford.It houses all of the district's approximately 200 students, grades K-12, and includes the district's only high school, Milford High School.
Academics.
Milford ISD offers band, FFA, National Honors Society and Gifted/Talented sources, and journalism. There are also fine arts studies available such as photography, art and theatre.
Athletics.
Milford school athletics offers girls volleyball, boys and girls basketball, track and field, and six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="5996592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996592" title="List of Billboard Hot 100 number-ones by European artists">
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-ones by European artists

This is a list of number-one hits by European artists in the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It excludes number-one hits by British artists that can be found in the list of songs by British artists which reached number-one in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5996597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996597" title="Order of the Holy Cross (disambiguation)">
Order of the Holy Cross (disambiguation)

Order of the Holy Cross refers to several institutions by that name:

</doc>
<doc id="5996608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996608" title="Vecrīga">
Vecrīga

Vecrīga () is the historical center of Riga, Latvia, located on the east side of Daugava River. Vecrīga is famous for its old churches and cathedrals, such as Riga Cathedral and St. Peter's church.
History.
Origins.
Vecrīga is the original area of Riga and consists of the historic city limits before the city was greatly expanded in the late 19th century. In the old days, Vecrīga was protected by a surrounding wall except the side adjacent to the Daugava river bank. When the wall was torn down, the waters from Daugava filled the space creating Riga City Canal.
Heritage.
In the 1980s Vecrīga's streets were closed to traffic and only area residents and local delivery vehicles are allowed within Vecrīga's limits with special permits. Vecrīga is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site listed as "Historic Centre of Riga".

</doc>
<doc id="5996612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996612" title="Chuni Goswami">
Chuni Goswami

Subimal Goswami (born 15 January 1938) commonly known by his nickname Chuni Goswami () is an Indian international footballer and first class cricketer. He was born in Kishoreganj District of undivided Bengal (now in Bangladesh). As a striker, he played 50 international matches representing India. As a first class cricketer, he played Ranji Trophy for Bengal.
Football career.
Chuni Goswami holds the distinction of playing for a single club, Mohun Bagan, throughout his club career despite numerous offers from other clubs including one reported offer from Tottenham Hotspur.
Club career.
Goswami joined the Mohun Bagan Junior Team in 1946 at the age of 8 years. He was a part of the Junior squad up to 1954 and then graduated to the Mohun Bagan senior team. He continued playing for Mohun Bagan till his retirement in 1968. During his stay with the club, he captained the club in 5 seasons from 1960 to 1964.
International career.
Chuni Goswami made his international debut for India in 1956 during the team's 1-0 victory over the Chinese Olympic team. He went on to play for India in 50 international matches including in Olympics, Asian Games, Asia Cup and Merdeka Cup. He captained India to the Asian Games Gold Medal in 1962 and a Silver in the 1964 Asia Cup in Tel Aviv and in the Merdeka Cup.
Cricket career.
Chuni Goswami made his first class debut for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy during the 1962/63 season. He was a Right Handed Batsman and a Right Arm Medium Pacer. After retiring from football, Goswami fully focussed on playing Cricket. He led Bengal cricket team to a Ranji Trophy final. In his cricket career, which spanned up to 1972/73 season, he played 46 first class matches, scoring 1592 runs and took 47 wickets.
Other activities.
Chuni Goswami is a very versatile personality. He turned out on occasion for his club hockey team. He also enacted a featured part in a Bengali movie Prothom Prem. He was also the Sheriff of Kolkata in 2005.
Awards.
Chuni Goswami won numerous awards during his playing career as well as after retirement for his contribution towards Indian football. The major awards won by him are:

</doc>
<doc id="5996613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996613" title="Nnamdi (comics)">
Nnamdi (comics)

Nnamdi is a fictional character, a comic book sentient gorilla published by DC Comics. He first appeared in "The Flash" vol. 2 #194, (March 2003), and was created by Geoff Johns and Scott Kolins.
Fictional character biography.
The current leader of Gorilla City, Nnamdi is nominated to succeed his father after Solovar is assassinated and his cousin Ulgo is used as a pawn in a scheme to start a war between humans and the super-simians of Gorilla City. Under Nnamdi, Gorilla City has blended its advanced technology with the nature around it and adopted a more isolationist policy than was present during Solovar's reign, as seen in Nnamdi's refusal to allow the Flash to imprison Grodd for his crimes after Flash defeated him, even erasing Wally's memory of the city's location to stop him finding them again ("Flash" v.2 #194, 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="5996620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996620" title="Lansana Kouyaté">
Lansana Kouyaté

Lansana Kouyaté (born 1950) is a Guinean diplomat and political figure who served as Prime Minister of Guinea from 2007 to 2008.
Background and earlier career.
Kouyaté was born in Koba, Guinea, then a French colony. He studied administration at the University of Conakry before joining the civil service. In 1976, he was appointed as Director of Labour, then the following year, moved to become Director of Trade, Prices and Statistics, where he had responsibility for state-owned companies. [http://62.210.150.98/lusaka/newslatf.asp?code=eng004651&dte=04/06/01]
In 1982, Kouyaté worked on a rice development project, then moved to the diplomatic service, joining Guinea's delegation in Cote d'Ivoire. In 1985, he returned to the Foreign Ministry in Conakry as head of African and Organisation of African Unity affairs. Two years later, he became Guinea's ambassador to Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Sudan, Syria and Turkey. In 1992, he became Guinea's Permanent Representative at the United Nations, where he became Vice President of the United Nations Economic and Social Council. [http://62.210.150.98/lusaka/newslatf.asp?code=eng004651&dte=04/06/01]
In 1993, he was appointed as the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Somalia for the UNOSOM II mission, then in February 1994 became the Acting Representative. In June 1994, he became the Assistant Secretary-General in the UN Department of Political Affairs, [http://www.un.org/ecosocdev/geninfo/afrec/vol11no3/watch.htm one of his first missions being a tour around ECOWAS member states to discuss the situation in Liberia. He continued his involvement in discussions to build regional support for a resolution of the First Liberian Civil War. [http://www.un.org/Depts/dpko/dpko/co_mission/unomilFT.htm] He left this job in September 1997 to become the Executive Secretary of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a post he held until February 2002.
During his time at ECOWAS, Kouyaté was awarded the Legion d'Honneur (Commander), the African Star of Liberia and was made a Commander of the Mono Order of Togo. [http://62.210.150.98/lusaka/newslatf.asp?code=eng004651&dte=04/06/01]
Prime minister.
As a result of a general strike in early 2007, Kouyaté was nominated to the post of Prime Minister of Guinea on 26 February 2007. He was selected by President Lansana Conté from a list provided by trade union leaders. On 1 March, he was sworn in as Prime Minister at a ceremony in Conakry; Conté was not present. His government was named on March 28, composed of 19 ministers and three secretaries of state; it contained none of the members of the old government.
On December 5, 2007, a decree restructuring ministries increased the powers of the Secretary-General of the Presidency at the expense of those of the Prime Minister, and on January 3, 2008 Conté dismissed and replaced Justin Morel Junior, the Minister of Communication and Government Spokesman, without consulting Kouyaté. On January 4, Kouyaté demanded that Morel be restored to his position and said that he would not sit at the Council of Ministers with Morel's replacement. Labor unions announced plans to begin a new "unlimited general strike" on January 10, demanding that Conté's agreement with the unions be properly implemented and that Morel be restored. Kouyaté's government chose to attempt to resolve the situation through dialogue with Conté in hopes of maintaining peace. On January 9, the unions withdrew their call for a strike.
Tensions between Kouyaté and Conté increased over the decision by Kouyaté's government to repatriate Chantal Cole, Conté's advisor in charge of communications at the presidential palace, to France; in addition, they disagreed over Kouyaté's decision to allow Libyans to manage luxury hotels.
Dismissal and subsequent events.
In a decree read on state television on May 20, 2008, Kouyaté was dismissed by Conté and replaced by Ahmed Tidiane Souaré. This was considered surprising; it had been generally believed that Kouyaté would not be dismissed prior to the planned December 2008 parliamentary election. Following the announcement, protests were reported in Conakry and Kouroussa, although the cities were reportedly calm again by May 21; protests were also reported in Kankan on May 20 and May 21.
Kouyaté was widely considered a disappointment in his role as Prime Minister, and his unpopularity meant that his dismissal was not greeted with major unrest of the kind that led to his appointment a year earlier; in particular, his time in office was associated with rising food prices, deepening the country's economic problems. He was also accused of having presidential ambitions. Because he had not consulted with the opposition when forming his government and had not invited opposition politicians to participate in it, the opposition welcomed his dismissal and urged Souaré to avoid his mistakes. The Secretary-General of the Union of Democratic Forces of Guinea (UFDG), Amadou Oury Bah, described Kouyaté as "a danger to the democratic process". One union leader, Rabiatou Serah Diallo, said that until the composition of Souaré's government was announced, she had nothing to say. Souaré was sworn in on May 23; Kouyaté was not present at the ceremony, as he was unable to leave his home due to a crowd of supporters outside of it.
Many soldiers, dissatisfied over their failure to receive wage arrears, were unhappy with Kouyaté's dismissal, feeling that it left them with no one to whom they could address their grievances. On May 26, 2008, unrest broke out among the soldiers as they demanded their wage arrears.
See also.
Lanasana

</doc>
<doc id="5996626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996626" title="Forever Young (Alphaville song)">
Forever Young (Alphaville song)

"Forever Young" is the title track from German rock/synthpop group Alphaville's 1984 debut album of the same name. The single was a strong hit in Scandinavia and in the European-German speaking countries in the same year. 
Though it was not the group's highest-charting European hit and failed to reach the American Top 40 despite three separate U.S. single releases, "Forever Young" has subsequently been covered by numerous artists.
Alphaville versions.
Original 1984 version.
Background and video.
Originally released by Alphaville as a single in 1984, "Forever Young" was available in both its original mix and also in a dance version titled the "Special Dance Mix." Over the years the band has released several remixes and demo versions of the song.
The single reached the number 65 spot on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and the top 40 on the U.S. Hot Dance Music/ Club Play Singles in 1985.
The song's music video shows the band performing in one of the halls at Holloway Sanatorium in Virginia Water, Surrey, England. A number of ragged people ranging from children to the elderly awake to observe the band, then walk through a diamond-shaped glowing portal.
Influence.
"Forever Young" has become something of a pop culture standard. It has been performed by numerous musical groups and in different versions and has appeared in television series, movies, and advertisements. The song plays during scenes in the television series "Passions", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (episode 103: "Underage Drinking: A National Concern"), the North American version of "Queer as Folk" (season 1, episode 18), "One Tree Hill" (season 4, episode 16), "30 Rock" (season 4, episode 10), "Greek" (Cover version by the Youth Group in the Series finale) and "Big Love". It also plays in the movie "Listen to Me" and during the school dance scene of the 2004 film "Napoleon Dynamite". In 2006 and 2007, the song was used in advertisements for the Scandinavian banks SEB in Estonia and Sweden, and Nordea in Denmark. It also appeared in prom-themed advertisements for Saturn Ion automobiles. In Argentina, it was used in advertisements for Consolidar AFJP, a pension retirement fund. It was also sung by one of the characters in the "Soulmates" episode (2011) of the American television program, "Parks and Recreation".
Other releases.
The original album version has also appeared on the following official Alphaville releases:
Other versions.
This song has been released several times in various forms, including remixes and demos, on:
Forever Young 2001.
In 2001, Alphaville released a new set of remixes in a "limited fan edition" called "Forever Young 2001." This single contained 3 music tracks, 1 spoken word track, and a PC-only track.
This CD was released to fans for free (fans only had to send in enough money for postage to have the CD mailed to them), and the names of every fan who requested a copy is printed on the inside cover. Copies were hand-signed by the band and the remixes that appear on the single have never appeared on any other release.
The cover is a still image from the video, which was created by The Cartoon Saloon.
Forever Young the Remix.
Released in 2006, this CD contains 2 new remixes by notable remix artist Bill Hamel. It also includes a digitally remastered version of the original album version of the song. The remix hit #31 on the Australian singles chart.
Youth Group version.
In 2005 Australian rock band Youth Group were asked by the producers of the hit American television series "The O.C." to record a cover version of "Forever Young" for use in an episode of the show, after their single "Shadowland" had appeared in a previous episode and received a positive response. Their version of "Forever Young" not only played during an episode, but was used as theme music during Australian advertisements for the show's third season and was included on the soundtrack album "". The song became a hit in Australia, receiving radio play on rock station Triple J and soon being picked up by other stations. A single released in the country debuted at #2 on the ARIA charts, was ranked #1 in digital downloads, and was certified gold in sales. The song was included on the band's album "Casino Twilight Dogs" released internationally later that year. A music video was released consisting of footage from the early-1970s Australian youth television program "GTK", showing Australia's first skateboarding contest being held at the Coca-Cola factory in Frenchs Forest, New South Wales in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5996656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996656" title="Gesa Stadium">
Gesa Stadium

Gesa Stadium (formerly Dust Devils Stadium) is a baseball-only stadium in Pasco, in the U.S. state of Washington, and is the home field of the Tri-City Dust Devils minor league baseball team. It opened in 1995 as Tri-City Stadium for the WBL team Tri-City Posse. The Posse left Tri-City Stadium when the Portland Rockies arrived to become the Tri-City Dust Devils. It was renamed Dust Devils Stadium in 2004, and remained that way until February 13, 2008, when Gesa Credit Union, a local financial institution, announced that they had purchased the naming rights to the facility for a duration of ten years.
In early 2007, the stadium underwent a renovation, which a 137-foot sunshade was constructed on the northwest-side of the stadium behind the right-field stands, the purpose being to help shade spectators on the left-field stands from the glare of the setting sun. The reason is that, unlike most ballparks, Gesa Stadium was constructed with the stands facing south, so that fans could have sight of the Kennewick area and the surrounding Horse Heaven Hills, particularly Jump-Off-Joe Butte.

</doc>
<doc id="5996658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996658" title="Persada Johor">
Persada Johor

Persada Johor International Convention Centre is a convention centre in Johor Bahru in the south of Peninsular Malaysia and is a member of the Johor Corporation Group of Companies.

</doc>
<doc id="5996660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996660" title="KUGR">
KUGR

KUGR is an AM radio station located in Green River, Wyoming operating on 1490 kHz AM. It carries a soft adult contemporary and talk format. The station is owned by Wagonwheel Communications Corporation. KUGR won the Wyoming Association of Broadcasters board "Station of the Year" award in 2006. The station celebrated its 30th year of broadcasting in June 2006. KUGR signed on in 1976.
This station part of "The Radio Network", which includes FM sister stations KFRZ 92.1 FM, KYCS 95.1 FM and KZWB 97.9 FM which came on air in 2005.
Current format.
KUGR has a variety of programming daily. News can be heard throughout the day. KUGR's music was previously satellite fed until 2004 when the decision was made to play music from several CD players. KUGR's music is mostly soft AC, but includes top 40 songs as well. KUGR and its sister stations often do remote broadcasts at local businesses during sales.
Coverage and signal strength.
KUGR broadcasts a one thousand watt signal day and night. The signal covers much of Sweetwater County and has been heard even farther distances. The frequency KUGR operates on (1490 kHz) is classified as a local type station by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which means outside of Sweetwater County during the evening, KUGR will be competing with many other stations on the same frequency. KUGR is well known throughout the county and is a popular station thanks to its programming and variety.
Translator.
KUGR, like its sister station KZWB, operates a low power translator station, also broadcasting from Wilkins Peak. This station is known as K285FG and operates on 104.9 FM. K285FG broadcasts 250 watts. The translator station is currently simulcasting all of the AM programming on FM. A similar concept is being used by KSL-FM and KSL-AM in nearby Salt Lake City, Utah.
While not as powerful as its larger sister stations, such as KYCS and KFRZ, the signal of the translator is audible throughout most of Sweetwater County, and into parts of Uinta County to the east. The translator's coverage area mimics its parent station, as both achieve relatively the same distance, except during the evening hours when skywave radio propagation is present for KUGR.

</doc>
<doc id="5996669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996669" title="Cactus longhorn beetle">
Cactus longhorn beetle

Cactus longhorn beetles (the genus Moneilema) are large, flightless, black beetles found in North American deserts of the western United States and northern Mexico. " M. gigas" is native to the Sonoran desert at elevations below 4900 feet (1500m). The front wings of these beetles are fused forming a single, hardened shell, from which this group derives its Latin name. The genus includes twenty species. 
Longhorn cactus beetles feed on chollas and prickly pear cacti, and are known to feed on saguaro seedlings. Larvae bore into cactus roots and stems, sometimes killing more susceptible individuals. Adults also feed on the surface of cacti. 
Most Moneilema species are active during mid or late summer - the adults typically emerging during the summer monsoon season. Some Moneilema species in central and southern Mexico are reported to be active all year.
Like many flightless beetles, these beetles have limited wing musculature with a rounded abdomen and thorax, similar in appearance to a number of other flightless desert beetles. Cactus longhorn beetles resemble and mimic the behavior of noxious stink beetles in the genus "Eleodes".
Species.
The genus includes 20 species:

</doc>
<doc id="5996689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996689" title="Édouard Benjamin">
Édouard Benjamin

Édouard Benjamin (born 1941) is a diplomat from Guinea. He served as Executive Secretary of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) from 1993 to 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5996696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996696" title="Studio monitor">
Studio monitor

Studio monitors are loudspeakers specifically designed for audio production applications, such as recording studios, filmmaking, television studios and radio studios, where accurate audio reproduction is crucial, whereas reference monitors are loudspeakers generally used to gauge what a recording will sound like on consumer-grade speakers. 
Among audio engineers, the term "monitor" usually implies that the speaker is designed to produce relatively flat (linear) phase and frequency responses. In other words, it exhibits minimal emphasis or de-emphasis of particular frequencies, the loudspeaker gives an accurate reproduction of the tonal qualities of the source audio ("uncolored" or "transparent" are synonyms), and there will be no relative phase shift of particular frequencies—meaning no distortion in sound-stage perspective for stereo recordings.
Beyond stereo sound-stage requirements, a linear phase response helps impulse response remain true to source without encountering "smearing". An unqualified reference to a "monitor" often refers to a "near-field" (compact or close-field) design. This is a speaker small enough to sit on a stand or desk in proximity to the listener, so that most of the sound that the listener hears is coming directly from the speaker, rather than reflecting off of walls and ceilings (and thus picking up coloration and reverberation from the room).
Also, studio monitors are made in a more physically robust manner than home hi-fi loudspeakers; whereas home hi-fi loudspeakers often only have to reproduce compressed commercial recordings, studio monitors have to cope with the high volumes and sudden sound bursts that may happen in the studio when playing back unmastered mixes.
Uses.
Broadcasting and recording organisations employ audio engineers who use loudspeakers to assess the aesthetic merits of the programme and to tailor the balance by audio mixing and mastering to achieve the desired end result. Loudspeakers are also required at various points in the chain to enable engineers to ensure that the programme is reasonably free from technical defects, such as audible distortion or background noise.
The engineer may mix programming that will sound pleasing on the widest range of playback systems (i.e. high-end audio, low quality radios in clock radios and "boom boxes", in club PA systems, in a car stereo or a home stereo). While conservative broadcasters like the BBC generally believe in using monitors of "the highest practicable standard of performance", some may argue that monitoring should be carried out with loudspeakers of mediocre technical quality to be representative of the systems end-users are likely to be listening with; or that some technical defects are apparent only with high-grade reproducing equipment and therefore can be ignored. However, as a public broadcaster dealing with a lot of live material, the BBC's criteria for studio monitors view is that they should be "as free as possible from avoidable defects". It is argued that real life low-grade sound systems are so different that it would be impossible to compensate for the characteristics of every type of system available; technical faults must not be apparent to even a minority of listeners while remaining undetected by the operating staff. It is further argued that, because of technical progress in the science of sound transmission, equipment in the studio originating the programme should have a higher standard of performance than the equipment employed in reproducing it, since the former has a longer life.
In fact, most professional audio production studios have several sets of monitors spanning the range of playback systems in the market. This may include a sampling of large speakers as may be used in movie theatres, hi-fi style speakers, car speakers, portable music systems, PC speakers and consumer-grade headphones.
Amplification: Studio monitors may be "active" (including one or more internal power amplifier(s)), or passive (these require an external power amplifier). Active models are usually bi-amplified, which means that the input sound signal is divided into two parts by an active crossover for low and high frequency components. Both parts are amplified using separate low- and high-frequency amplifiers, and then the low-frequency part is routed to a woofer and the high-frequency part is routed to a tweeter or horn. Bi-amplification is done so that a cleaner overall sound reproduction can be obtained, since signals are easier to process before power amplification. Consumer loudspeakers may or may not have these various design goals.
History.
1920s and 1930s.
In the early years of the recording industry in the 1920s and 1930s, studio monitors were used primarily to check for noise interference and obvious technical problems rather than for making artistic evaluations of the performance and recording. Musicians were recorded live and the producer judged the performance on this basis, relying on simple tried-and-true microphone techniques to ensure that it had been adequately captured; playback through monitors was used simply to check that no obvious technical flaws had spoiled the original recording.
As a result, early monitors tended to be basic loudspeaker cabinets. The state-of-the-art loudspeakers of the era were massive horn-loaded systems which were mostly used in cinemas. High-end loudspeaker design grew out of the demands of the motion picture industry and most of the early loudspeaker pioneers worked in Los Angeles where they attempted to solve the problems of cinema sound. Stereophonic sound was in its infancy, having been pioneered in Britain by an engineer who worked for EMI. Designing monitors for recording studios was not a major priority.
1940s and 1950s.
The first high-quality loudspeaker developed expressly as a studio monitor was the Altec Lansing Duplex 604 in 1944. This innovative driver has historically been regarded as growing out of the work of James Bullough Lansing who had previously supplied the drivers for the Shearer Horn in 1936, a speaker that had rapidly become the industry standard in motion-picture sound. He’d also designed the smaller Iconic and this was widely employed at the time as a motion-picture studio monitor.
The 604 was a relatively compact coaxial design and within a few years it became the industry standard in the United States, a position it maintained in its various incarnations (the 604 went through eleven model-changes) over the next 25 years. It was common in US studios throughout the 1950s and 60s and remained in continuous production until 1998. 
In the UK, Tannoy introduced its own coaxial design, the Dual Concentric, and this assumed the same reference role in Europe as the Altec 604 held in the US. The British Broadcasting Corporation researchers conducted evaluations on as many speakers as they could obtain in around 1948, but found commercial loudspeaker makers had little to offer that met their requirements. The BBC needed speakers that worked well with program material within real professional and domestic settings environments, and not just fulfil technical measurements such as frequency-response, distortion, monitors in anechoic chambers. Above all, the BBC required monitors to sound balanced, be neutral in tone, and lack colouration.
Monitor usage in the industry was highly conservative, with almost monopolistic reliance on industry “standards”, in spite of the sonic failings of these aging designs. The Altec 604 had a notoriously ragged frequency response but almost all U.S studios continued to use it because virtually every producer and engineer knew its sound intimately and were practiced at listening through its sonic limitations.
Recording through unfamiliar monitors, no matter how technically advanced, was hazardous because engineers unfamiliar with their sonic signatures could make poor production decisions and it was financially unviable to give production staff expensive studio time to familiarize themselves with new monitors. As a result, pretty well every U.S studio had a set of 604’s and every European studio a Tannoy Dual Concentric or two.
However, in 1959, at the height of its industry dominance, Altec made the mistake of replacing the 604 with the 605A Duplex, a design widely regarded as inferior to its predecessor. There was a backlash from some record companies and studios and this allowed Altec’s competitor, JBL (a company originally started by 604 designer James B. Lansing), to make inroads into the pro monitor market.
Capitol Records replaced their Altecs with JBL D50 Monitors and a few years later their UK affiliate, EMI, also made the move to JBL’s. Although Altec re-introduced the 604 as the "E" version Super Duplex in response to the criticism, they now had a major industry rival to contend with. Over the next decade most of the developments in studio monitor design originated from JBL.
As the public broadcaster in the UK, the BBC had the determinant role in defining industry standards. Its renowned research departments invested considerable resources in determining studio monitor suited to their different broadcasting needs, and also created their own models from first principles. A 1958 research paper identified the sound goal, in a monaural system:It is assumed that the ideal to be aimed at in the design of a sound reproducing system is realism, i.e. that the listener should be able to imagine himself to be in the presence of the original source of sound. There is, of course, scope for legitimate experiment in the processing of the reproduced signals in an endeavour to improve on nature, however, realism, or as near an approach to it as may be possible, ought surely to be regarded as the normal condition and avoidable departures from this state, while justified upon occasion, should not be allowed to become a permanent feature of the system.
In designing a loudspeaker, the BBC established the compromise that had to be established between size, weight and cost considerations. Two-way designs were preferred due to the inherently simpler crossover network, but were subject to the limitations of speaker driver technology at the time – there were few high-frequency units available at the time that functioned down to 1.5 kHz, meaning that the woofer must operate in a predictable manner up to about 2 kHz. The BBC developed a two-way studio monitor in 1959, the LS5/1, using a 58mm Celestion tweeter and 380mm Goodmans bass unit, but continually had problems with consistency of the bass units. The successful testing of a 305mm bass cone made with new thermoplastics led to development and deployment of the LS5/5 and LS5/6 monitors that occupied only 60% volume of its predecessor.
As recording became less and less “live” and multi-tracking and overdubbing became the norm, the studio monitor became far more crucial to the recording process. When there was no original performance outside what existed on the tape, the monitor became the touchstone of all engineering and production decisions. As a result, accuracy and transparency became paramount and the conservatism evident in the retention of the 604 as the standard for over twenty years began to give way to fresh technological development. Despite this, the 604 continued to be widely used - mainly because many engineers and producers were so familiar with their sonic signature that they were reluctant to change.
1960s and 1970s.
In a BBC white paper published in January 1963, the authors explored 2-channel stereophony, and remarked that it was at a disadvantage compared with multi-channel stereophony that was already available in cinemas in that "the full intended effects is apparent only to observers located within in a restricted area in front of the loudspeakers". The authors expressed reservations about dispersion and directionality in 2-channel systems, noting that the "face-to-face listening arrangement" was not able to give an acceptable presentation for a centrally-located observer in a domestic setting. The paper concluded: The achievement of suitable directional characteristics within the aesthetic and economic limitations applying to domestic equipment will however require a much greater research effort than either the corporation or the radio industry have so far been able to devote to the subject.
To complement its larger 2-way monitors for studio use, the BBC developed a small speaker for near-field monitoring of the frequency range from 400 Hz to about 20 kHz for its outside broadcasting monitoring. The principal constraints were space and situations where using headphones is unsatisfactory, such as in mobile broadcasting vans. Based on scaling tests done in 1968, and detailed audio work against the LS5/8 – a large "Grade I monitor" already in use at the time – and with live sources, the BBC Research Department developed the LS3/5, which became the famous LS3/5A that was used from 1975 to much of the 1990s and beyond by the BBC and audiophiles alike.
In the late 1960s JBL introduced two monitors which helped secure them pre-eminence in the industry. The 4320 was a direct competitor to the Altec 604 but was a more accurate and powerful speaker and it quickly made inroads against the industry standard. However, it was the more compact 4310 that revolutionized monitoring by introducing the idea of close or "nearfield" monitoring. (The sound field very close to a sound source is called the "near-field." By "very close" is meant in the predominantly direct, rather than reflected, sound field. A near-field speaker is a compact studio monitor designed for listening at close distances (), so, in theory, the effects of poor room acoustics are greatly reduced.)
The 4310 was small enough to be placed on the recording console and listened to from much closer distances than the traditional large wall-(or "soffit") mounted main monitors. As a result, studio-acoustic problems were minimized. Smaller studios found the 4310 ideal and that monitor and its successor, the 4311, became studio fixtures throughout the 1970s. Ironically, the 4310 had been designed to replicate the sonic idiosyncrasies of the Altec 604 but in a smaller package to cater for the technical needs of the time.
The 4311 was so popular with professionals that JBL introduced a domestic version for the burgeoning home-audio market. This speaker, the JBL L-100, (or "Century") was a massive success and became the biggest-selling hi-fi speaker ever within a few years. By 1975, JBL overtook Altec as the monitor of choice for most studios. The major studios continued to use huge designs mounted on the wall which were able to produce prodigious SPL's and amounts of bass.
This trend reached its zenith with The Who's use of a dozen JBL 4350 monitors, each capable of 125 dB and containing two fifteen-inch woofers and a twelve-inch mid-bass driver. Most studios, however, also used more modest monitoring devices to check how recordings would sound through car speakers and cheap home systems. A favourite "grot-box" monitor employed in this way was the Auratone 5C, a crude single-driver device that gave a reasonable facsimile of typical lo-fi sound.
However, a backlash against the behemoth monitor was soon to take place. With the advent of punk, new wave, indie, and lo-fi, a reaction to high-tech recording and large corporate-style studios set in and do-it-yourself recording methods became the vogue. Smaller, less expensive, recording studios needed smaller, less expensive monitors and the Yamaha NS-10, a design introduced in 1978 ironically for the home audio market, became the monitor of choice for many studios in the 1980s. While its sound-quality has often been derided, even by those who monitor through it, the NS-10 continues in use to this day and many more successful recordings have been produced with its aid over the past twenty five years than with any other monitor.
1980s-1990s.
By the mid-1980s the near-field monitor had become pre-eminent. The larger studios still had large main-monitors mounted in (or on) the wall but they were now mere supplements to the small monitors sitting on the meter-bridge and were viewed as prestige items mainly there to “impress the clients” and occasionally check for low-bass anomalies. Favorite large monitors of the time were the Westlake and UREI 813. The 813 was originally based on the almost ageless Altec 604 with a Time-Align passive crossover network developed by Ed Long which included delay circuitry to align the acoustic centers of the low and high-frequency components. Fostex "Laboratory Series" monitors were used in a few high-end studios, but with increasing costs of manufacture, they became rare. The once dominant JBL fell into disfavor as its designs were identified with 1970s excess. The new studio landscape was bare and stripped-down and the large three or four-way monitors were hardly in keeping with this philosophy.
2000s.
The main post-NS-10 trend has been the almost universal acceptance of powered monitors where the speaker enclosure contains the driving amplifiers. Passive monitors require outboard power amplifiers to drive them as well as speaker wire to connect them. Powered monitors, by contrast, are comparatively more convenient and streamlined single units, which in addition, marketeers claim a number of technical advantages. The interface between speaker and amplifier can be optimized, possibly offering greater control and precision, and advances in amplifier design have reduced the size and weight of the electronics significantly. The result has been that passive monitors have become far less common than powered monitors in project and home studios.
In the 2000s, there was a trend to focus on "translation". Engineers tended to choose monitors less for their accuracy than for their ability to “translate” – to make recordings sound good on a variety of playback systems, from primitive car radios to esoteric audiophile systems. As the mix engineer Chris Lord-Alge has noted:
But it is undecided just what aids translation. Some argue that accuracy is still the best guarantee. Others feel that monitors should mimic home and car speakers. Still more believe that monitors need to be relentlessly unflattering, so that they must work hard to make recordings sound good.
Monitor vs hi-fi speakers.
No speaker, monitor or hi-fi, regardless of the design principle, has a completely flat frequency response; all speakers color the sound to some degree. Monitor speakers are assumed to be as free as possible from coloration. While no rigid distinction exists between consumer speakers and studio monitors, manufacturers more and more accent the difference in their marketing material. Generally, studio monitors are physically robust, to cope with the high volumes and physical knocks that may happen in the studio, and are used for listening at shorter distances (e.g., near field) than hi-fi speakers, though nothing precludes them from being used in a home-sized environment. Studio monitors are increasingly self-amplified (active), although not exclusively so, while hi-fi speakers usually require external amplification.
Whereas in the 1970s the JBL 4311’s domestic equivalent, the L-100, was used in a large number of homes, and the Yamaha NS-10 also served both domestically and professionally during the 1980s. Despite not being a "commercial product" at the outset, the BBC licensed production of the LS3/5A monitor, which it used internally. It was commercially successful in its twenty-something-year life, from 1975 until approximately 1998. The diminutive BBC speaker has amassed an "enthusiastic, focused, and loyal a following", according to Paul Seydor in "The Absolute Sound". Estimates of their sales differ, but are generally in the 100,000 pairs ballpark.
Professional companies such as Genelec, Klein and Hummel, Quested, PMC, and M & K sell almost exclusively to the professional monitor market, while most of the consumer audio manufacturers confine themselves to supplying speakers for the home. Companies that straddle both worlds, like Tannoy, ADAM, Focal/JM Labs, surrounTec, Dynaudio, and JBL, tend to clearly differentiate their monitor and hi-fi lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5996699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996699" title="Sar-e Pol city">
Sar-e Pol city

Sar-e Pol or Sari Pul () is the capital city of the province of Sar-e Pol Province in northern Afghanistan. It is in Sari Pul District.
Demography and Population.
The provincial capital has a population of about 115,463 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="5996707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5996707" title="Living Asia Channel">
Living Asia Channel

Living Asia Channel is a 24-hour Asian travel and lifestyle channel, the first Philippine-made to air in North America. It showcases the best of Asian destinations, finds, culture, cuisine, fashion, people, business, issues and investment opportunities in the Philippines and Asia. This channel is owned by CCI Asia Group and operated by CCI Asia Television.
In Asia, Living Asia Channel is available through the communications satellite Agila II of Mabuhay Satellite Corp. (MSC), which has a C-band footprint encompassing Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Laos, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, and Hawaii.
Living Asia Channel is seen in 1-hour blocks in PinoyCentral TV (PCTV) through The Filipino Channel (TFC) Direct!. PCTV is available in North America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific. In the Asia Pacific region, PCTV is seen in Cambodia; Guam; Hong Kong; Japan; Indonesia; Singapore and in Sydney, Australia.
Living Asia programs are also available 24/7 over IPTV through live video streaming on JumpTV.com and through video-on-demand through "Images Asia" on ABS-CBNNow!, an ABS-CBN Interactive service.
Living Asia Channel is available in SkyCable, Destiny Cable, Dream Satellite TV, Cignal Digital TV and other affiliate cable stations within the Philippines.

</doc>
