<doc id="6002633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002633" title="STS-132">
STS-132

STS-132 (ISS assembly flight ULF4) was a NASA Space Shuttle mission, during which Space Shuttle "Atlantis" docked with the International Space Station on 16 May 2010. STS-132 was launched from the Kennedy Space Center on 14 May 2010. The primary payload was the Russian "Rassvet" Mini-Research Module, along with an Integrated Cargo Carrier-Vertical Light Deployable (ICC-VLD). "Atlantis" landed at the Kennedy Space Center on 26 May 2010.
STS-132 was initially scheduled to be the final flight of "Atlantis", provided that the STS-335/STS-135 Launch On Need rescue mission was not flown. However, in February 2011, NASA declared that the final mission of "Atlantis" and of the Space Shuttle program, STS-135, would be flown regardless of the funding situation.
Mission payload.
Mini-Research Module 1 (MRM 1).
STS-132 carried the Russian Rassvet Mini-Research Module 1 to the International Space Station. "Rassvet" means "dawn" in Russian. The module was built by Russian aerospace company Energia. Rassvet arrived at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) aboard an Antonov 124 cargo plane on 17 December 2009 at about 13:00 EST. After it was unloaded from the Antonov, the module was transported to an Astrotech processing bay in Cape Canaveral to undergo preparations for launch.
An airlock and radiation heat exchanger to be used for outfitting the Russian "Nauka" Module (to be launched in 2012), a spare elbow part of the European Robotic Arm (ERA) and a portable work platform for science hardware for performing experiments in outer space were externally mounted on Rassvet in its launch configuration. Russian and US cargo to be delivered will also be accommodated inside the module. The volume for cargo and science inside MRM1 is 5 cubic meters. Rassvet was outfitted with ISS standard grapple fixtures that allowed the module to be unloaded from the payload bay of "Atlantis" using the station's robotic arm.
Integrated Cargo Carrier-Vertical Light Deployable (ICC-VLD2).
Also on board "Atlantis" was the Integrated Cargo Carrier-Vertical Light Deployable (ICC-VLD2) pallet, holding a Ku-band Space to Ground Antenna (SGANT), the SGANT boom assembly, an Enhanced Orbital replacement Unit (ORU) Temporary Platform (EOTP) for the Canadian Dextre robotic arm extension, Video and Power Grapple fixtures (PVGF) and six new battery ORUs. The six new batteries replaced older ones on the P6 truss of the ISS. The old batteries were placed on the ICC-VLD pallet for return to Earth. The EOTP was built by MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. (MDA) of Brampton, Ontario, Canada, for NASA.
The ICC pallet is constructed of aluminum. It is approximately long, wide and 10 inches thick. The empty weight of the pallet is 2,645 pounds. The total weight of ICC–VLD and the ORUs is approximately 8,330 pounds. ICC-VLD return mass is .
The ICC-VLD was berthed in the center of the shuttle's payload bay for both launch and reentry.
Other items.
In addition to the standard Official Flight Kit (OFK) flown inside a locker on the mid-deck, two Light Weight Tool Stowage Assemblies were modified to fly memorabilia and then were stowed to the left and right of "Atlantis"' airlock in the shuttle's payload bay.
A compact disk (CD) containing the digital copies of all entries submitted to NASA's Space Shuttle Program Commemorative Patch Contest was also flown aboard "Atlantis". The contest was organized by the Space Shuttle Program to mark the end of the shuttle era. The winning patch was designed by Mr. Blake Dumesnil of Hamilton Sundstrand, Johnson Space Center. A panel of NASA judges, including shuttle program manager John Shannon, Leroy Cain, and three other shuttle program managers including former astronaut John Casper, selected the winning patch from a pool of 85 entries by NASA employees and contractors.
Seventeen handcrafted beads made by nine different artists across North America were also on board "Atlantis" during the STS-132 mission. NASA teamed up with Beads of Courage, Inc., an approved public charity, to bring hope and inspiration to children coping with serious illnesses through the Beads in Space project. The Beads in Space project is the brainchild of Jamie Newton, an employee at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. The 17 beads weigh eight ounces and were selected after a contest organized by Beads of Courage that attracted 54 beads.
Also on board "Atlantis" was a 4-inch long wood sample of Sir Isaac Newton's apple tree. The piece from the original tree that supposedly inspired Newton's theory of gravity, along with a picture of Newton, were taken into orbit by astronaut Piers Sellers. The wood is part of the collection of the Royal Society archives in London, and was returned there following the flight.
Additionally, a flag from Clarkson University, Potsdam, New York, flew on board shuttle "Atlantis". It was there in honor of STS-132 lead shuttle flight director, Michael L. Sarafin, who is an alumnus of the Clarkson University.
"A comprehensive list of STS-132 items that were carried aboard Atlantis and their descriptions can be found in the Official Flight Kit".
Mission background and milestones.
The mission marked:
NASA arranged a Tweetup to cover the launch of the STS-132 mission. 150 people attended the event from more than 30 US states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Belgium, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The Tweetup participants met with shuttle technicians, managers, engineers and astronauts, took a tour of the Kennedy Space Center and viewed the launch of "Atlantis".
Mission experiments.
Atlantis crew worked with several short-term experiments during their mission. The shuttle transported new long-term experiments to the ISS. At the end of the mission, "Atlantis" returned some of the completed experiments from the ISS.
Short-term experiments included:
Shuttle processing.
The mission's external tank, ET-136, began its , six-day journey across the Gulf of Mexico from NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana, on 24 February 2010. ET-136 measured long and in diameter. The solid rocket booster retrieval ship "Liberty Star" towed the ET in the enclosed barge "Pegasus". After docking in the turn basin at the Kennedy Space Center, the tank was offloaded and driven to the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) on 1 March 2010.
On 29 March 2010, workers attached ET-136 to its solid rocket boosters. A crane lifted the ET into high bay No. 1 inside the VAB. The day-long process was completed around 18:00 EDT, as the tank was bolted to "Atlantis"'s twin solid rocket boosters.
"Atlantis" rolled out of its processing bay (OPF-1) around 07:00 EDT on 13 April 2010. The shuttle entered the VAB around 11:00 EDT for attachment to its external tank and solid rocket boosters. Given that this was at the time believed to be "Atlantis"' final rollover for a mission, the shuttle stopped for several hours en route to the VAB, allowing engineers and technicians to pose for photographs with the orbiter. The rollover occurred exactly 25 years after "Atlantis" first arrived at the Kennedy Space Center, after a cross-country trip from the shuttle factory in Palmdale, California. The path to the rollover was without any incidents of major concern, with only 22 Interim Problem Reports (IPRs) noted during "Atlantis"' flow since its return from the STS-129 mission in November 2009.
The transport canister containing the STS-132 payload arrived at Pad 39A on 15 April 2010 ahead of "Atlantis"' rollover to the launch pad. The canister was shaped like the shuttle's -long payload bay. Packed inside it were the MRM-1 module and the cargo-carrying pallet ICC-VLD.
Space Shuttle "Atlantis" began its rollout to launch pad 39A at 23:31 EDT on 21 April 2010. The complete shuttle stack and mobile launch platform were secured to the launch pad's structure at 6:03 EDT on 22 April 2010. The 3.4 mi () trek took 6 hours and 32 minutes to complete. The rollout was originally planned for the evening of 19 April 2010, but wet weather and thunderstorms on the Space Coast caused several delays.
STS-132's payload was installed in the shuttle's cargo bay on 25 April 2010.
Pad engineers preparing "Atlantis" had noticed paint peeling from shuttle's main payload, the MRM-1 module. Although the problem was declared to have no impact on the operation of MRM-1, it holds a potential threat of releasing debris on orbit. Engineers also noted MRM-1 cycled its Fire and Smoke detector self test several times. Similar events occurred during "Atlantis"' STS-129 mission in November 2009 when Shuttle and Station crew were awakened consecutive nights by false depressurization and fire alarms that originated from the MRM-2 (Poisk) module.
An agency-wide Flight Readiness Review (FRR) was held at KSC in Florida on 5 May 2010 to discuss Atlantis' launch preparations. At the end of the review, top NASA managers made the decision to officially set the launch for 14 May 2010 at 14:20 EDT. NASA held a post news conference to brief about the results of the FRR. The briefing was broadcast on NASA TV and was attended by NASA's Associate Administrator for Space Operations, William Gerstenmaier, Space Shuttle Program Manager John Shannon and Space Shuttle Launch Director, Michael Leinbach. Mr. Shannon mentioned that, firstly, ceramic inserts around "Atlantis"' windows and forward rocket pod were tested after an insert loosened during Discovery's re-entry on STS-131, posing a potential impact threat. The inserts had been re-installed on to "Atlantis" using a thicker braided cord to reduce the chances of a backing out. Secondly, it was mentioned that engineers had reviewed work to confirm that all systems on "Atlantis"' Ku band antenna were in place. The testing had been provoked after the failure of that communication system during STS-131. Mr. Leinbach also acknowledged the skills and experience of the engineering teams and thanked the engineers who had successfully resolved hypergolic loading issues. Hypergolics are chemicals that ignite when they come in contact with each other. The propellants are used in the reaction control system that steers the shuttle in space.
A booster rocket segment that had first flown 25 years before on "Atlantis"' maiden flight (STS-51-J) was used to help fly STS-132. The aft dome on the left solid rocket booster that lifted off to support "Atlantis"' STS-132 mission first launched STS-51-J on 3 October 1985. Including STS-132, 18 of "Atlantis"' 32 flights were represented by the boosters' segments.
Launch preparations.
"Atlantis"' astronauts traveled from Johnson Space Center, Houston to the KSC launch site on 10 May 2010 to prepare for the launch. The crew, arriving in four Northrop T-38 Talon jets, landed on the Shuttle Landing Facility around 18:49 EDT.
The official countdown to liftoff started on 11 May 2010 after the countdown clocks at KSC were activated at 16:00 EDT, ticking backward from the T-43 hour mark.
Program managers completed the L-2 Mission Management Team (MMT) meeting on 12 May 2010. At the end of the 18-minute-long meeting management team officially cleared "Atlantis" for launch. NASA held a pre-launch news conference to reveal the outcomes of the MMT and to brief the press on the upcoming launch. The news conference was attended by Chair, pre-launch mission management team, Mike Moses, Mike Leinbach and STS-132 weather officer, Todd McNamara. The weather officer spoke of a favorable launch weather forecast due to a high pressure weather pattern and despite a low cloud ceiling, calling a 70 percent chance of favorable conditions at launch time. He further elaborated on the predicted weather conditions at the Transoceanic Abort Landing (TAL) sites: Zaragoza and Moron in Spain, and Istres, France, in case of an emergency.
The Space Shuttle Program MMT met at 04:15 EDT on 14 May 2010 and gave a go to begin loading "Atlantis"' ET with liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. The fuel tanking operation began on time at 04:55 EDT and was completed within three hours at 07:56 EDT, with replenishment fuel being added throughout the countdown.
Crew preparations for the launch day began at 05:00 EDT following an eight-hour overnight sleep. An hour later they completed their final medical check ups. Crew suiting began around 10:00 EDT and the astronauts departed for the launch pad at 10:30 EDT. At around 11:00 EDT, first Commander Ham ingressed the shuttle first and strapped into his seat, followed by pilot Antonelli, Mission Specialists Bowen, Sellers, Reisman and Good in order. Inside the orbiter, all six astronauts performed checks with ground controllers to verify that communications links work properly. With all astronauts on board, "Atlantis"' hatch was closed and latched for the flight. Inside the White Room, the closeout crew finished their job by pressurizing the crew cabin and checking for leaks before leaving the pad.
Launch day countdown procedures went without any major problems; however, "Atlantis" encountered two minor issues. The Final Inspection Team looking for ice and frost buildup on the ET had spotted a small stress fracture on an umbilical strut. Later, during the post-launch news conference, the chair of NASA's pre-launch mission management team, Mike Moses, said that this was not unusual. Engineers also resolved any concerns about a loose ball bearing found near the shuttle's payload bay days earlier. The bearing was determined to likely be from a camera system, and was ultimately ruled out as a concern.
Mission timeline.
14 May (Flight Day 1 – Launch).
The launch of Space Shuttle "Atlantis" occurred on time at 18:20 UTC, with launch commentator George Diller saying that the shuttle was "reaching the crest of its historic achievements in space". Powered flight conformed to the standard timeline, with main engine cutoff (MECO) occurring at 8 minutes and 32 seconds Mission Elapsed Time (MET). The External Tank, ET-136, separated from the shuttle 15 seconds later at 8:47 MET. A further boost from the Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) engines was not required due to the nominal MECO, and "Atlantis" settled into its planned preliminary orbit. A subsequent NC-1 engine firing of about 26 seconds adjusted the orbital path of the shuttle to match that of the International Space Station (ISS), by altering the shuttle's velocity by about .
NASA held a post-launch news conference with Bill Gerstenmaier, Alexey Krasnov (chief of the Piloted Programs Directorate at the Russian Federal Space Agency), Mike Moses and Mike Leinbach. During the conference, Gerstenmaier made mention of a piece of space junk that could potentially have impacted "Atlantis"' planned arrival at the ISS.
More than 39,000 guests, including television host David Letterman, ex-Apollo astronaut Buzz Aldrin, and former NASA administrator Michael Griffin, witnessed the launch. The Russian deputy prime minister, Sergei Ivanov, and the head of the Russian Space Federal Agency, Anatoly Perminov, were also present at KSC.
Once in orbit, the crew opened the shuttle's payload bay doors, activated the radiators and deployed the Ku band antenna successfully. They also completed a checkout of the orbiter's Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS). The crew was also successful in downlinking all imagery from Atlantis' umbilical well cameras, along with crew video of ET-136, for review by imagery experts in the ground. Preliminary inspections showed that ET-136 was very clean and had performed well during the ascent, with only a few foam liberation incidents visible.
It is worth noting that the launch of Atlantis on STS-132 was supposed to be its last. The mission patch depicted Atlantis flying into the sunset as she retired, and the Space Shuttle Program patches on sale at the Kennedy Space Center for the launch showed the years 1981–2010 for the program. The programme guide magazine to the launch also cited the launch as the final flight of Space Shuttle Atlantis. However, on its return Atlantis was readied as a rescue shuttle for the (at that time) two remaining missions of STS-133 and STS-134. It could be launched on need if there was a problem and if not, it would be stood down. Then, later in 2010, NASA decided to fly the previously provision STS-135 mission and chose Atlantis for the flight given that Discover and Endeavour were earmarked for STS-133 and STS-134 respectively. The funding was found and a decision was taken to fly STS-135 as the final Space Shuttle mission, with Atlantis as the orbiter. The STS-135 mission launched in July 2011, just over a year after Atlantis's launch on the STS-132 mission.
15 May (Flight Day 2 – TPS survey).
The crew members aboard "Atlantis" began their first full day in space at 08:20 UTC. The day was primarily devoted to inspecting "Atlantis's" thermal protection system, using the shuttle's robotic arm and the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) to look for any signs of launch damage. Before the thermal protection checkout began, the crew encountered a problem with the Laser Dynamic Range Imager (LDRI) and the Intensified TV Camera (ITVC), due to a snagged cable in that system's pan and tilt unit. As a result, Mission Control decided to switch to the less-capable backup sensor system: sensor package 2, a laser camera and a digital camera mounted near the end of the OBSS. Sensor package 2 required an additional light source (such as daylight), had a resolution of a few millimeters and could scan at about 2.5 inches per second. The crew followed "late inspection" procedures for surveying, and images of the right wing, the nose cap and much of the left wing were sent to the ground for detailed analysis.
Commander Kenneth Ham installed the center-line camera in the Orbiter Docking System (ODS) to help him during Atlantis' approach to the ISS. Down on the shuttle's middeck, Good and Bowen spent several hours checking out spacesuits and preparing them for transfer to the station. Reisman spent much of his day working with Antonelli and Ham on the TPS survey. He also assisted with the suit and spacewalk equipment checkouts. The crew furthermore performed the ODS ring extension that would connect the shuttle's docking port to the station's Harmony module. The last portion of the crew's day was spent preparing and checking out all of the tools to be used during the rendezvous.
Two course correction burns were also performed on Flight Day 2. The first 10-second burn, dubbed NC-2, was performed using the right-hand OMS engine, changing the shuttle's speed by . The burn raised both the apogee and perigee of the shuttle's orbit by . "Atlantis"' reaction control jets were again fired for a second time to execute the 8-second NC-3 burn, which changed the shuttle's velocity by about .
Meanwhile, Mission Control managers determined that the ISS would not need an avoidance maneuver to avoid a piece of orbital debris. Updated tracking information showed that the ISS and the debris would not pass close enough the following day to require any action.
16 May (Flight Day 3 – Docking).
The STS-132 crew began their day at 07:20 UTC and prepared to dock with the ISS. Commander Ken Ham performed a series of rendezvous burns (NH, NC4 and TI) to boost the orbit of "Atlantis" to match with that of the ISS. The longest of these, the 1-minute-24-second-long orbit raising maneuver or NH burn, changed "Atlantis"' velocity by 132 feet per second, and placed the shuttle into a new 212-by- orbit. A 63-second circularization burn, known as NC4, boosted "Atlantis" into a 214-by- orbit. At 11:40 UTC, with about separating the shuttle and the ISS, commander Ken Ham performed the final 12-second terminal initiation (TI) burn, firing the left OMS engine of "Atlantis".
By 13:26 UTC, with Ken Ham flying the shuttle from the aft flight deck, "Atlantis" positioned itself beneath the ISS and began the 360-degree flip rendezvous pitch maneuver (RPM). As the shuttle's underside rotated into view, three ISS crew members – Oleg Kotov using a camera with a 400mm lens, and Timothy Creamer and Soichi Noguchi using two 800mm-lens cameras – took 398 photographs of Atlantis' belly, as part of post-launch inspections of the thermal protection system.
"Atlantis" docked with the ISS Pressurized Mating Adapter-2 at 14:28 UTC as the two orbited over the South Pacific Ocean. After docking, the ISS was reoriented by the small vernier thrusters on "Atlantis" to minimize the risk of Micro-Meteoroid Orbital Debris (MMOD) impacts upon the shuttle. A series of leak checks were done on both sides of the hatch by the shuttle and station crews, before the hatches were opened at 16:18 UTC. After a brief welcoming ceremony by the station crew, "Atlantis"' astronauts received the standard station safety briefing. The crew then got to work with initial transfers of equipment and supplies. Spacesuits were among the first items to go to the ISS. Station crew member Noguchi also transferred high-priority JAXA experiments to the Kibo module.
Sellers and Expedition 23/24 astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson got to work on their joint task to relocate the ICC-VLD cargo pallet. The duo used the station's robotic arm to transfer the pallet from "Atlantis" to the station's mobile base system to prepare for the spacewalks.
In preparation for the following day's spacewalk, all "Atlantis"' crew members gathered for an hour-long spacewalk procedure review. Mission Specialists Reisman and Bowen spent the night in the Quest airlock as part of the overnight campout procedure to help them get prepared for the spacewalk. The crewlock was depressurized from 14.7 to 10.2 psi. The depressurization was required to avoid the formation of nitrogen bubbles in the astronauts' blood, which could result in decompression sickness.
17 May (Flight Day 4 – EVA 1).
After the morning wakeup call, Mission Control CAPCOM Shannon Lucid informed the shuttle crew that no detailed flight inspection would be required on the next day. However, the crew were requested to utilize that time to do inspections on various sections of "Atlantis" that were not inspected on flight day 2.
Flight day 4 saw Mission Specialists Garret Reisman and Steve Bowen perform the first of three planned spacewalks. The pair installed a spare Space To Ground Antenna (SGANT), a new enhanced tool platform for the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator (SPDM, also known as Dextre) and released torque on the six new batteries for the Port 6 (P6) truss segment.
Expedition 23 Flight Engineer Creamer helped the duo with their suit-up preparations. Mike Good joined STS-132 Pilot Antonelli, the intravehicular officer, to assist during the spacewalk. Mission Specialist Sellers and station Flight Engineer Caldwell Dyson operated the robotic arm. Throughout EVA 1, Commander Ken Ham oversaw the extravehicular activities.
During the spacewalk, several problems were encountered, the first of which was during installation of the SGANT. A slight gap was observed between the antenna dish and its mounting pole. The spacewalkers loosened the bolts and used a higher torque setting, which managed to close the gap to a smaller width. The launch locks were left on the SGANT to allow engineers on the ground to determine if the gap was acceptable, or if more troubleshooting would be needed. The second problem occurred during the installation of the SGANT, and was related to the Command and Control (CNC) computers. During installation, when Steve Bowen removed a cover from a connector, the prime CNC computer detected an error and shut down. The cap was a special cap which allowed the circuit for that connector to be closed, so when it was opened the sensor detected an error. The shut down of the CNC caused a 2-minute loss of communications. The safeing of the computer also stopped the Canadarm2 for a reconfiguration of the cameras being used during the spacewalk by both the robotic arm operators and observers on the ground.
The spacewalk ended at 19:19 UTC, after Reisman and Bowen made an inventory of the tools they brought with them and made their way back into the Quest airlock. STS-132's EVA 1 was the 237th conducted by U.S. astronauts, the second for Reisman and the fourth for Bowen. It was also the 144th in support of ISS assembly and maintenance. For EVA 1, lead spacewalker Reisman had a spacesuit with no stripes. Bowen' spacesuit was marked with a red stripe.
The shuttle's robotic arm also successfully grappled the MRM-1 module in "Atlantis"' cargo bay in preparation for its berthing to the Zarya service module the following day.
18 May (Flight Day 5 – MRM1 installation).
On flight day 5, the crew focused on the addition of the MRM-1 module to the space station. Commander Ken Ham and pilot Tony Antonelli maneuvered "Atlantis"' robotic arm to unberth MRM-1 from the shuttle's payload bay at 09:49 UTC, and handed it off to the station's Canadarm2 at 10:14 UTC. Mission Specialists Garrett Reisman and Piers Sellers, working from inside the station's Cupola, then maneuvered the Canadarm2 arm to deliver MRM-1 to its new position, the Earth-facing port of the Zarya service module. The docking occurred at 12:20 UTC when the shuttle-station stack was flying above Argentina. Following the successful docking, Sellers reported to Mission Control that, during the docking, he did not see the expected "capture 1" confirmation signal appear on his laptop, to which CAPCOM Steve Swanson replied "And station, that error's expected. The reason you didn't get 'contact 1' is because Garrett did too good of a job flying. He went right down the middle and got a hole in one."
Expedition 23 Commander Oleg Kotov also monitored the activities from the Russian segment, as the MRM-1 began its automated docking sequence for the final attachment to the Zarya module. The berthing marked the first time that the Russian automated docking system has been used along with the station's robotic arm.
At 17:20 UTC, shuttle crew members Ham, Reisman, Sellers, along with station crew members Kotov, Skvortsov and Caldwell Dyson, gathered in the space station's Harmony module to talk with reporters from MSNBC, Fox News and CNN. The two crews answered questions related to their stay in orbit, medical experiments being conducted on the ISS, spacewalking experiences and the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
After midday, Reisman and Sellers used Canadarm2 to unberth the OBSS from the sill of "Atlantis"' cargo bay and handed it off to the shuttle's robotic arm, operated by Ham and Antonelli.
Mission Specialists Bowen and Good prepared for next day's EVA 2, configuring their tools and preparing their spacesuits. At the end of the workday, Atlantis' crew, along with three station crew members, met for an hour-long spacewalk procedure review.
At 21:45 UTC, Good and Bowen began their campout inside the Quest airlock, with pressure reduced to 10.2 psi to reduce the risk of decompression sickness.
19 May (Flight Day 6 – EVA 2).
The primary task on the mission's second spacewalk, EVA 2, was to remove and replace batteries on the station's port 6 truss. The spacewalk got under way at 10:38 UTC, more than 25 minutes ahead of the scheduled start, which already had been moved up 30 minutes.
Lead spacewalker Bowen's first task was to remove a cable snag in the OBSS's pan and tilt mechanism. Bowen looped a tie wrap on two cables to relieve the snag and completed the task in less than 30 minutes, while Good began work with the batteries. Although the initial plan was to replace three batteries, the two astronauts managed to replace an additional fourth battery during EVA 2. The batteries Bowen and Good replaced had originally been launched in November 2000. After the battery work and cleanup of the area, Bowen and Good moved on to the new backup Ku band antenna on the Z1 truss. They tightened bolts holding the antenna's dish to its boom, closing a gap left there after EVA 1. Good performed a wiggle test and confirmed that two spacewalkers did not see any signs of motion in the antenna-mast interface. They then removed the antenna's launch locks, leaving the antenna ready to operate.
During EVA 2, commander Ken Ham provided photo and television support, and pilot Tony Antonelli served as the spacewalk choreographer. ISS crew member Tracy Caldwell Dyson also assisted with spacewalk preparations. EVA 2 marked the 238th conducted by U.S. astronauts, the fifth for Bowen and the third for Good. It was also the 145th in support of International Space Station assembly and maintenance.
20 May (Flight Day 7 – MRM-1 initial checks, transfers and off-duty).
On flight day 7, the crew spent a few hours of off-duty time in the afternoon, but otherwise were largely focused on preparations for EVA 3. Earlier in the day, at 10:52 UTC, following leak checks, ISS Expedition 23 commander Oleg Kotov and flight engineer Alexander Skvortsov opened the hatch to the MRM-1 module. They wore eye and breathing protection as a standard precaution when entering a new module. Kotov reported that some metal filings were drifting around inside the new module as unpacking activities gathered pace, although initially he reported the interior of MRM-1 looked clean. Flight controllers both in Houston and Moscow worked with the crew to develop a technique for safely removing the floating debris.
At 12:25 UTC, shuttle crew members Ken Ham, Tony Antonelli, Piers Sellers, and ISS flight engineer Tracy Caldwell Dyson, talked with the Associated Press, Fox News Radio, and CBS News. Ham also joined in with past and present members of Mission Control to recognize Lonnie J. Schmitt as the first flight controller to reach his 100th shuttle mission.
During the day, Ham, Antonelli and Sellers transferred equipment, supplies and experiments between "Atlantis" and the ISS. Mission Specialists Mike Good and Garrett Reisman prepared for EVA 3, configuring tools and preparing suits and the Quest airlock. Ham, Antonelli and Sellers also joined them to review the procedures. As part of the campout procedure, the two spacewalkers spent the night in the Quest airlock, with its air pressure reduced to 10.2 psi.
21 May (Flight Day 8 – EVA 3).
On flight day 8, Mike Good and Garret Reisman completed EVA 3, the third and final spacewalk of the STS-132 mission. The pair connected a pair of ammonia jumpers on the P4/P5 truss segment, before continuing on out to the end of the P6 truss. Once at the P6 truss, Good and Reisman completed the battery swap by removing and replacing the final two batteries and retrieving the temporarily stowed old battery on the truss. Once that task was complete, Good and Reisman moved to "Atlantis"'s payload bay, where they removed a grapple fixture and took it to the Quest airlock. The pair then moved on to fix some insulation on the Dextre robot, and stowed some tools in an external toolbox on the Z1 truss. Pilot Tony Antonelli choreographed the spacewalk from inside the shuttle.
While the spacewalk was going on, Commander Ken Ham and Mission Specialist Steve Bowen completed some more of the transfer work for the mission.
22 May (Flight day 9 – ICC-VLD re-installation and off-duty).
Flight day 9 saw the shuttle crew enjoying some off-duty time during the afternoon. In the morning, the entire crew participated in some transfer activities and orbiter maintenance. The ICC-VLD was also berthed back aboard "Atlantis"' payload bay, having completed its tasks for this mission. The Canadarm2 was used to return the ICC-VLD to the bay, and was operated by Mission Specialists Piers Sellers and Garrett Reisman and space station flight engineer Tracy Caldwell Dyson. The ICC-VLD re-installation operation began just after 4:30 am EDT, and was completed at 5:50 am EDT. The shuttle crew and Caldwell Dyson also answered some questions from elementary- and middle-school students from around the U.S. Students from 12 NASA Explorer Schools had submitted their questions earlier by video. The combined shuttle-station crew also shared a joint meal before the shuttle crew enjoyed two and a half hours of off-duty time starting at 11:05 am EDT.
23 May (Flight day 10 – Undocking).
On flight day 10, the joint STS-132/Expedition 23 crews awoke to begin the final hours of the joint docked mission. The crews completed the final time-sensitive transfers of the mission, which included scientific research samples that need to be kept cold. Once these transfers were completed, the two crews held a joint crew news conference and took a crew photo, and later, prior to hatch closure, held a mutual farewell ceremony. After the ceremony, the hatches between "Atlantis" and the International Space Station were closed, and a leak check was performed to ensure all the hatches were sealed properly. The shuttle undocked from the ISS at 15:22 UTC, a little more than 2 hours after the hatches were closed. At the time of the undocking, the two spacecraft were orbiting above the Southern Ocean southwest of Perth, Australia. The shuttle, guided by pilot Tony Antonelli, backed away from the ISS to a distance of about , at which time Antonelli began conducting a fly-around of the space station, so that crew members on both the ISS and shuttle could get photos of both vehicles. Once the fly-around was complete, the shuttle crew conducted two separation burns to move "Atlantis" away from the space station.
24 May (Flight day 11 – Late inspection).
The crew of "Atlantis" awoke on flight day 11, and after a couple of hours of personal time, began the late inspection of the shuttle's wing leading edges and nose cap. The crew finished the scans about two and a half hours ahead of schedule. By 09:50 UTC, they had finished their look at the right wing, by 10:52 UTC the nose cap survey was complete, and the left wing survey was finished at 11:17 UTC. The TPS survey was done using the shuttle's robotic arm and its OBSS extension. While the scans were going on, some of the crew stowed items that were no longer needed or were transferred right before undocking. Spacewalkers Mike Good and Steve Bowen cleaned up and stowed their spacesuits for landing. The latter part of the crew's day was spent with some off-duty time.
25 May (Flight day 12 – Landing prep).
"Atlantis"' astronauts devoted flight day 12 to preparing for the shuttle's landing. The crew executed standard day-before-landing activities. Commander Ham, Pilot Antonelli and Mission Specialist Good began the flight control system (FCS) hot-fire checkout at about 1:40 am EDT, operating the rudder and flaps that would control "Atlantis"' flight through the atmosphere to the KSC runway. That complete, Ham and Antonelli fired each of the shuttle's 44 attitude control thrusters, which were designed to orient "Atlantis" in space as it descended from orbit and through the upper atmosphere. Both these tests were completed successfully.
All STS-132 crew members worked at various times throughout the day to stow items in the cabin to prepare for landing. They also gathered for a 30-minute deorbit briefing at 5:40 am EDT. Immediately afterward, the crew talked with representatives of the Colbert Report, ABC Radio Network, and WEWS-TV of Cleveland, Ohio.
Late in the day, Mission Specialists Reisman and Sellers stowed the Ku band antenna in "Atlantis"' cargo bay.
26 May (Flight day 13 – Re-entry and landing).
The STS-132 crew awoke at 12:20 EDT (4:20 UTC). At about 7:40 UTC, the astronauts began deorbit preparations, and closed the payload bay doors at 9:01 UTC. The deorbit burn initiated at 11:42 UTC, above Indonesia, and terminated at 11:45. At an altitude of and a speed of Mach 25, "Atlantis" began re-entry at 12:16. At about 12:23 UTC, "Atlantis" began its s-rolls, to bleed off speed and energy during re-entry. At about 12:29, the shuttle was more than above the Earth and from KSC, traveling at Mach 22. At 12:34, "Atlantis" was about up, traveling at about 9,200 mph, and was from the runway. At about the same time, the shuttle was experiencing maximum re-entry heating conditions, peaking at about 2,900 degrees Fahrenheit, lasting about two minutes. At 12:39, long-range cameras at KSC spotted the shuttle gliding towards the runway at an altitude of and a distance of from KSC. At 12:44, commander Ken Ham took manual control of the orbiter for landing as it glided below the mark.
"Atlantis" landed on its main wheels on runway 33 of Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility at 08:48:11 EDT (12:48:11 UTC). The nose wheel touched down 10 seconds later, at 08:48:21 EDT (12:48:11 UTC), with the vehicle coming to a stop at 08:49:18 EDT (12:49:18 UTC). The entire mission lasted 11 days, 18 hours, 29 minutes, and 9 seconds, during which time the space shuttle traveled a total of .
The six astronauts headed to Houston on 27 May. A welcome ceremony for the crew was held at 5 pm EDT that same day at Ellington Field's NASA Hangar 276.
Spacewalks.
Three spacewalks were conducted to replace six aging batteries and to stage spare components outside the station, including a secondary Ku band antenna and spares for the Canadian Dextre robotic arm extension.
Mission insignia.
The STS-132 mission patch was designed by NASA artist Sean Collins, working with astronaut Garrett Reisman. The patch shows "Atlantis" flying towards a sunset landing, with the names of the STS-132 astronauts around the border.
STS-132 mission decal.
During the standard post-flight inspection of Atlantis, a United Space Alliance inspector found a STS-132 mission decal accompanied by an inscription, ""The first last flight of Atlantis left Earth on 14 May 2010 from Pad 39A"" together with the crew's signatures. The worker had found it tucked away on the upper side of Locker A-16 while scanning the area with a mirror. Moreover, he said the note must have been written in orbit, since otherwise the author would have had to stand on their head to write it.
At the time the note was written, STS-132 was indeed the last planned mission of "Atlantis". However, one further mission was ultimately approved for the shuttle: STS-135, which will be the last flight of both "Atlantis" and the Space Shuttle program.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, and first used music to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by the astronauts' families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.

</doc>
<doc id="6002654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002654" title="Polish–Romanian Alliance">
Polish–Romanian Alliance

The Polish–Romanian Alliance was a series of treaties signed in the interwar period by the Second Polish Republic and the Kingdom of Romania. The first of them was signed in 1921 and, together, the treaties formed a basis for good foreign relations between the two countries that lasted until World War II began in 1939.
European context.
Immediately after World War I, the peace treaties recognized the reestablishment of a Polish state for the first time in over 100 years. Romania emerged from the war as a victorious nation, enlarging its territory (as "Greater Romania"). Both states had serious reasons to stand by these treaties.
Having established contacts with Poland in January–February 1919 (after Stanisław Głąbiński's visit to Bucharest), Romania oriented itself towards a "cordon sanitaire" alliance aimed at Bolshevist Russia and the newly created Comintern; the proclamation of the Hungarian Soviet Republic, the German insurrection, and the Red Army's capture of Odessa alarmed politicians in both countries. The diplomat Czesław Pruszyński reported to the Polish government: 
"A dam that can put a stop to Bolshevik pressure on the West is constituted of Poland to the north, and Romania to the south. [...] There is a natural necessity, but also a historical necessity, that, based on the mutual interests of Romania and Poland, a military alliance be sealed in front of the common threat facing them." 
Romania was not engaged in the Polish-Soviet War, but accepted and supported Polish military transit through its territory. According to another of Pruszyński's reports, Romania facilitated the transit of Polish nationals from Russia to their native areas, as well as furnishing armament and grain at preferential prices. In this context, the Romanian Army intervened in the Polish-Ukrainian War against the West Ukrainian People's Republic (created in Galicia in the summer of that year), helping the Poles in Pokuttya ("see Romanian occupation of Pokuttya"). 
Count Aleksander Skrzyński, acting with the acknowledgement of Polish leaders Ignacy Jan Paderewski and Józef Piłsudski, extended an offer to the Romanian government of Ion I. C. Brătianu to participate in the future administration of Ukraine in its entirety (August 1919); the message was again stated after Skrzyński became ambassador in Romania the following month. Alexandru G. Florescu, the ambassador to Warsaw, reported back that the plan for a common military administration was: 
"[...] an inaccuracy and a fantasy which I suppose one should not take into account for anything other than making stock of them." 
Agreeing with Florescu's assessment, the Brătianu cabinet expressed a will to establish contacts with the Ukrainian People's Republic. In 1920, a similar plan was proposed by Piłsudski himself to the Alexandru Averescu government; the offer was more specific, indicating that Romania was to extend its administration to the east (the Black Sea shore, Odessa, and Transnistria). Averescu refused to accept the proposal, as it meant his country's involvement in the Russian Civil War.
The first treaty.
The first treaty was the "Convention on Defensive Alliance", signed on March 3, 1921 in Bucharest. The treaty, concluded for a period of five years, committed both parties to rendering armed assistance to one another "in case one of the sides is attacked at its present Eastern frontiers", and was aimed at containing Russia —from, 1922, the Soviet Union—, which had just lost the Polish-Soviet War. Among the diplomats engaged in negotiations were Polish general Tadeusz Rozwadowski and Romanian general Ion Antonescu. Ratifications for that treaty were exchanged in Bucharest on July 25, 1921. The treaty was registered in "League of Nations Treaty Series" on October 24 of the same year.
In the early 1920s, Romania, along with Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia, initiated the Little Entente, an alliance whose primary goal was to counter Hungary's revanchism (which involved Romania's Transylvania). Romania's Foreign Minister, Take Ionescu, attempted to bring Poland and Greece into the alliance, but could not because of the border disagreements between Poland and Czechoslovakia. The Romanian representative in Warsaw reported: "Poland's policy towards the Little Entente [...] becomes clearer. Poland will not wish to join it. [...] This attitude may be related to Mr. Beneš's, who seems to have declared that Poland's joining the treaty is not currently possible."
However, in 1925, the Locarno Treaties were signed. Through these treaties, Germany committed to preserve the "status quo" in the Rhine region. Germany also signed arbitration conventions with Poland and Czechoslovakia, but the Polish government felt betrayed by France.
Under these circumstances, the Polish-Romanian treaty's renewal was discussed in the early months of 1926. The Romanian foreign minister, Ion G. Duca wrote in a telegram to the Romanian ambassador to Paris: "Our treaty with Poland expires on the 3rd of March. The Poles will not renew it in the present form, as they have to take into account the atmosphere created by the League of Nations and the Locarno Treaties. They also do not want to keep an exclusively anti-Russian treaty [...] Poland wishes to obtain our help in case it were attacked by Germany."
Further treaties.
On March 26, 1926 the Polish and Romanian governments signed a "Treaty of Alliance" to bolster security in Eastern Europe.[http://www.indiana.edu/~league/1926.htm] This time, the treaty was directed against any attack, not just one coming from Soviet Russia. Ratifications were exchanged in Warsaw on February 9, 1927. The treaty was registered in "League of Nations Treaty Series" on March 7, 1927.
The Convention was replaced by the "Treaty on Mutual Assistance against Aggression and on Military Aid", signed on February 9, 1927 in Warsaw.
At this time, in both countries, political changes were taking place. The Romanian king Ferdinand I died in 1927, leaving the throne to his grandson, Mihai. Mihai was, however, underage, and a regency took over the administration of the monarchic institution until the 1930 takeover of Carol II. In Poland, the Sanacja movement took the power after the May coup, marking the beginning of the Piłsudski's dictatorship. On January 15, 1931, Poland and Romania signed a "Guarantee Treaty". Around October, rumors spread in Poland that Piłsudski was considering Prince Nicholas, Romania's former regent, for the vacant Polish throne; they were encouraged by conservative politicians such as Janusz Radziwiłł — during the Polish leader's visit to Romania in that month, Radziwiłł spoke in the Senate about the possibility of a monarchic revival (interpreted by Zdzisław Lubomirski to be the result of "an indication coming from [Piłsudski]").
By 1932, Adolf Hitler had come close to taking power in Germany. Therefore, Poland tried to secure its Eastern border by negotiating a treaty with the Soviets and signing a Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact. Romania could not do the same, however, given that the Soviets had not recognized the Soviet-Romanian border on the river Dniester (namely, Romania's rule over Bessarabia). In the same year, Romanian Prime Minister Nicolae Iorga was informed by the ambassador in Warsaw, Grigore Bilciurescu, that conservative groups were considering the possibility of a personal union, with Carol as king of both countries.
The relations between the two grew colder as their interests diverged. Romania created the Balkan Pact in 1934, together with Yugoslavia, Turkey and Greece.
During the premiership of Gheorghe Tătărescu (1934–1937), Romania's attempt to balance its alliances with Poland and Czechoslovakia was put to the test by a political scandal, after Jan Šeba, the Czechoslovak ambassador to Bucharest, published a volume overtly sympathetic to a rapprochement between the Soviet Union and the Little Entente, one prefaced by the Czechoslovak Foreign Minister Kamil Krofta; in early 1937, Krofta denied knowledge of the book's content and, after Tătărescu visited Milan Hodža, his counterpart in Prague, Šeba was recalled. Later in the same year, Tătărescu met with the Polish Foreign Minister Józef Beck in Bucharest — the latter, who had previously opposed the pro-"status quo" policies of Nicolae Titulescu, unsuccessfully proposed that Romania withdraw its support for Czechoslovakia and attempt to reach a compromise with Hungary.
In 1938, in the wake of the Czechoslovak crisis, Beck urged the Romanian government of Miron Cristea, formed by the National Renaissance Front, to participate at the partition of Czechoslovakia (the Munich Agreement), by supporting Hungary's annexation of Carpathian Ruthenia, in the hope that Hungary's Miklós Horthy would no longer sustain claims over Transylvania. The offer was refused by the Romanian king Carol II.
As the situation was becoming increasingly volatile in the eve of World War II, the two countries improved their relations again. In 1938, Richard Franasovici, the Romanian ambassador in Warsaw reported that:
"is an obvious improvement of Poland's sentiments towards Romania [...] The main idea here is maintaining, above everything, the alliance with Romania, of course, due to the growing pressure from Germany, as well as due to the desire to not be completely isolated in the Ukrainian problem [...] Also, Poles consider that the German influence in Budapest and Prague is too powerful [...]."
Both countries soon offered each other assistance. After the partition of Czechoslovakia, the Romanian government feared that their country could be next. Ambassador Franasovici reported in March 1939 that:
"[...] as with their appeasing intervention in Budapest, the Polish government pointed out that any action of Hungary against Romania could lead to a new world war, and guaranteed Romania's peaceful intentions."
The annulment of Polish-Romanian treaties was one of the demands of Soviet Union during the French, British, Polish and Soviet negotiations in the months preceding the World War.
Polish diplomacy also secured British guarantees to Romania in the Polish-British Common Defense Pact of 1939. Diplomats and strategists in Poland viewed the alliance with Romania as an important part of Polish foreign and defense policy — nevertheless, it eventually proved to be mostly irrelevant. In the period immediately preceding the war, Poland and Romania avoided specifically aiming their agreements against Germany, a country with which both were still seeking a compromise — Beck and Grigore Gafencu agreed on this point after April 1939 negotiations in Kraków).
Outbreak of World War II.
After the German invasion of Poland on September 1, Poland declined Romanian military assistance, but it expected to receive assistance instead from its British and French allies through Romanian ports; thus the reason for the "Romanian Bridgehead" plan.
After the Red Army joined the German attack on September 17, 1939, and Western assistance was not forthcoming ("see Western betrayal"), the Polish high command abandoned this plan, and ordered its units to evacuate to France; many units went through Romanian borders, where they were interned, but Romania remained friendly towards Poles, allowing many soldiers to escape from the camps and move to France, and treating Polish interned soldiers and immigrants with relative respect throughout the war, even when it joined the Axis Powers in 1941 ("see Romania during World War II"). However, as a result of German pressure, Romania could not openly aid the Poles.
On September 21, 1939, Romanian pro-British Premier Armand Călinescu was killed in Bucharest by a squad of local fascist activists of the Iron Guard, acting with German support. Immediately afterwards, German authorities issued propaganda blaming the action on Polish and British initiative; notably, the Nazi journalist Hans Fritzsche attributed the assassination to Polish and British resentments over Romania's failure to intervene in the war.
Diplomatic alternatives.
Though some politicians—such as Poland's Józef Piłsudski, who had proposed the creation of a "Międzymorze" (Intermarum) federation at the end of World War I—had attempted to forge a grand coalition of Central, Eastern and Balkan European states, a series of conflicts in those areas had prevented the establishment of anything but a series of smaller, mostly bilateral treaties.
Poland, for example, had good relations with Latvia, Romania, Hungary and France (Franco-Polish Military Alliance) but poor relations with Czechoslovakia (see Border conflicts between Poland and Czechoslovakia) and Lithuania (see Polish-Lithuanian War). Similarly, there were tensions between Hungary on one side, and Romania and Czechoslovakia on the other. Such conflicts had prevented Poland and Hungary from joining the Little Entente, and over the next two decades the region's political arena had been largely dominated by treaties and alliances resembling the Polish–Romanian Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="6002661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002661" title="Peter Sundström">
Peter Sundström

Peter W. Sundström (born December 14, 1961 in Skellefteå, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player, and is the twin brother of former NHL'er Patrik Sundström.
Selected by the New York Rangers in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft, he played parts of three seasons for the Rangers. He sat out a year before signing with the Washington Capitals and played with them for two seasons.
Sundström was traded to the New Jersey Devils prior to the start of the 1989–90 NHL season. He played hockey in Sweden during the next five years before he retired in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6002663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002663" title="Lil' Romeo (album)">
Lil' Romeo (album)

"Lil' Romeo" is the self-titled debut studio album by American rapper, Lil' Romeo. It was released July 3, 2001 on No Limit Records and Priority Records. The album has feature productions by Master P, Carlos Stephens and Sean "Barney" Thomas, the album also has guest appearances by Silkk the Shocker, Little D, Allusion, Lil' Zane, 6 Piece and Afficial.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
The album proved to be a huge success, peaking at #6 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums,selling about 200,000 copies the first week and spawned the hit single "My Baby", which made it to #3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. It has been certified gold by the RIAA selling over 500,000 on March 4, 2002.
Singles.
My Baby
The Girlies

</doc>
<doc id="6002702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002702" title="Joe A. Callaway Award">
Joe A. Callaway Award

The Joe A. Callaway Awards are administered by Actors' Equity Association. They were established in 1989 to honor a male and a female actor for the best performance in a classical play in the New York metropolitan area, selected by a panel of critics. The award is given in January and includes $1000 and a commemorative plaque.
The 2010 Award winners were Lily Rabe and Matthew Rauch.

</doc>
<doc id="6002706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002706" title="Kim Jong-il (athlete)">
Kim Jong-il (athlete)

Kim Jong-Il (born 11 September 1962), sometimes spelled Kim Yong-Il to avoid confusion with the former North Korean leader, is a retired South Korean long jumper, best known for winning two gold medals at the Asian Games. He also competed in the Olympics twice, and was the first Korean track and field athlete to have made a final round at the Olympics. His personal best jump was 8.00 metres, achieved in August 1988 in Seoul. After retiring as an active athlete, he turned to a career in coaching and academics.
Athletics career.
Kim Jong-Il was born on 11 September 1962, and is a native of Jincheon. He became a member of the national track and field team in 1979, and first made his mark internationally by winning the gold medal in long jump at the 1982 Asian Games in New Delhi. His jump of 7.94 metres was the second best Asian Games result of all times, only behind T.C. Yohannan's winning jump of 8.07 metres in 1974. Kim beat second-placed Liu Yuhuang with a slim margin of five centimetres, and third-placed Junichi Usui with seven centimetres.
Two years later, Kim participated in the Olympic Games in Los Angeles. Entering the qualifying round at the long jump competition, where one would need to finish among the top twelve or achieve at least 7.90 metres to reach the final, Kim began his competition with a non-valid jump. His second jump measured 7.67 metres, in a head wind of 2.5 m/s, which was not enough to progress. However, with his final qualifying jump measuring 7.87 metres, he finished ninth in total, thus making it to the finals—together with fellow Asians Junichi Usui (8.02 m) and Liu Yuhuang (7.83 m). In the final round, Kim opened with jumps of 7.76 and 7.81 metres. The latter jump ranked him in eighth place, the threshold necessary to get a further three jumps after the first three. Failing to capitalize on this opportunity, with two jumps of 7.77 and 7.59 as well as two fouls he remained in eighth place. Nonetheless, he was the first Korean track and field athlete to have made a final round at the Olympics.
In January 1985, Kim competed at the inaugural World Indoor Games in Paris. Here, he finished in eleventh place with 7.31 metres. Only four days earlier he had jumped 7.84 metres in a meet in Osaka. In 1986, Kim would try to defend his gold medal in the 1986 Asian Games, which was this time staged in Seoul in his home country. Kim again jumped 7.94 metres, which was enough to win the gold medal, two centimetres ahead of Junichi Usui and fourteen ahead of Chen Zunrong. Kim also entered as a part of the South Korean 4 x 100 metres relay team, and eventually won a bronze medal. In 1986 to 1987 he had lived in the United States to train with the Houston Cougars under the University of Houston.
In August 1988, Kim achieved his lifetime best result, jumping 8.00 metres in a pre-Olympic meet in Seoul. The Olympic Games were staged in the same city the next month. Kim once again entered in the long jump competition. His series of 7.36, 7.68 and 7.70 metres placed him sixteenth in total, thus he failed to reach the final round this time. The last qualifier for the final was 7.77 metres; the only Asian athlete who reached the final round was Chinese Pang Yan. Among those who failed to reach the final were Chen Zunrong, Junichi Usui (with three fouls) as well as two Canadians who would become 1996 Olympic champions in the relay: Bruny Surin and Glenroy Gilbert.
Kim then participated without success at the 1989 World Indoor Championships. His last major international competition was the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing. Here, he placed fourth in the long jump.
Coaching and academic career.
Kim took an undergraduate degree in physical education at Dong-A University in 1986. Having later relocated to the United States, he took the master's degree at the Washington State University in 1993. He remained there to complete his doctor's thesis in 1996. In the 1997-98 academic year, Kim was employed at Calvin College, where he doubled as professor in the Health, Physical Education, Recreation, Dance and Sport department as well as head coach of the men's track and field team. In 2002 he also took over the post as head coach for the women's team. Kim was demoted to assistant track & field coach for the 2009 season and subsequently fired following the 2010 track & field season. As of the 2010-2011 academic year he is an assistant coach in the women's soccer program along with his faculty responsibilities. 
His honors as a coach include the selection as NCAA Division III National Women's Coach of the Year in 2002 and 2003. In 2003 he was also named Men's Coach of the Year; he was the first coach to win both awards in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="6002731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002731" title="Game Time">
Game Time

Game Time is the second studio album by American rapper Lil' Romeo, son of American rapper and record producer Master P. It was released on December 17, 2002 on The New No Limit and Universal Records.
Singles.
The only two charting singles was "2 Way", which peaked at #38 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and True Love at 116 on the Billboard 200's chart. The album peaked at 33 on the Billboard 200 and 10 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums selling 80,000 copies the first week.

</doc>
<doc id="6002747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002747" title="Augustów roundup">
Augustów roundup

The Augustów roundup (Polish "Obława augustowska") was a military operation against the Polish World War II anti-communist partisans and sympathizers following the Soviet takeover of Poland. The operation was undertaken by Soviet forces with the assistance of Polish communist units, and conducted from July 10 to July 25, 1945 in Suwałki and Augustów region (Podlasie) of northern People's Republic of Poland.
Out of 2,000 arrested by the Soviet forces, about 600 have disappeared. They are presumed to have been executed and buried in an unknown location in present-day Russia. Polish Institute of National Remembrance has declared the 1945 Augustów roundup "the largest crime committed by the Soviets on Polish lands after World War II". The crime has been called "second Katyn", "small Katyn", "little Katyn" or "Podlaski Katyn", in reference to the Katyn massacre, the Soviet execution of about 20,000 Polish soldiers and intellectuals that occurred in the early 1940s.
Background.
In the aftermath of the joint German-Soviet invasion of Poland, the Polish government evacuated to the West and created the Polish Underground State. While no war was declared between Poland and the Soviet Union, the relations were tense, and eventually broke down in 1943 in the aftermath of the revelations of the Katyn massacre. The Soviets eventually created their own Polish communist puppet government, the Polish Committee of National Liberation ("Polski Komitet Wyzwolenia Narodowego", "PKWN") and refused to deal with the Underground State just like they refused to deal with the government-in-exile; its leaders and soldiers on "liberated" Polish territories were persecuted. While the Underground State's military arm, "Armia Krajowa", officially disbanded on January 19, 1945 to avoid armed conflict with the Soviets and a civil war, some refused to lay down their arms; others found it simply difficult to return to civilian life, as those with ties to non-communist resistance were discriminated against by the authorities.
Operation.
The operation was undertaken by Soviet forces of the Red Army, the NKVD and SMERSH with the assistance of Polish UB and LWP units, and conducted from July 12 to July 28, 1945 in the Suwałki and Augustów regions of northern People's Republic of Poland. This operation included not only Polish communist territories, but also former Polish territories annexed by the Soviet Union and given to the Lithuanian SSR (see Soviet occupation of Lithuania).
Aftermath.
More than 2,000 Polish (some estimate as many as 7,000) alleged anticommunist fighters and sympathizers were arrested and interrogated in two waves of mass arrests. The majority were detained in Russian internment camps. The last ones were released and returned to Poland in 1956. 600 have disappeared, their fate uncertain to this day. More recent research puts the number of those disappeared at 592 or 593. They include 27 women (including pregnant ones) and 15 children under the age of 18. The "Augustów Missing" are presumed to have been executed and buried in an unknown location in present-day Russia.
Despite demands from many Polish citizens for this incident to be investigated, it was denied by both the Soviet and Polish communist governments. As late as the 1980s, the last decade of the People's Republic of Poland, government representative Jerzy Urban declared that the Polish government had "no evidence to support the theory that a group of Polish citizens disappeared in the Augustów region in 1945." After the fall of communism, the new Polish government supported the investigation, carried out by the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN), which classified it as a communist crime. While it is commonly accepted that the Soviet Union, backed by communist Polish forces, arrested and likely executed approximately 600 Polish citizens connected to the anti-communist resistance, no conclusive information on their exact fate and resting place has yet been found. In 1995 the Russian government confirmed that 590 Polish citizens were arrested and 579 were put on trial, but that there is no information on their subsequent fate. In 2005 IPN noted that the research possibilities on Polish territory had been exhausted; even the archives of Polish secret services involved in the operations were analysed but contained only cursory information that they were aiding the Soviets without being given much information. However, Polish requests to the Russian government for support in the investigation were not productive, and many have been ignored. A symbolic monument has been built in the village of Giby, where a mass grave was found (these were later proven to belong to German soldiers from a nearby field hospital).
In May 2011, Russian historian Nikita Pietrov declared that he found a KGB document proving that the Poles were executed by NKVD. This has evoked interest in Polish mainstream press and from the IPN, which declared that it would seek the documents located by Pietrov for further analysis. On 18 April 2012 Polish Institute of National Remembrance announced that it has received the Soviet-era documents concerning the executions.

</doc>
<doc id="6002749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002749" title="NER Class E">
NER Class E

The North Eastern Railway (NER) Class E, classified as Class J71 by the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER), was a class of small 0-6-0T steam locomotive designed by T.W. Worsdell. They had inside cylinders and Stephenson valve gear and were the basis for the later NER Class E1 (LNER Class J72).
Numbering.
Eighty-one of them passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and they were numbered 68230-68316 (with gaps).

</doc>
<doc id="6002750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002750" title="Trail Dust Town">
Trail Dust Town

Trail Dust Town is a historical outdoor shopping center located in Tucson, Arizona.
Although Trail Dust Town operates as a for-profit shopping mall, on its grounds exists a great number of historical artifacts, including an Allan Herschell merry-go-round, the Fiesta del Presidio carousel, which was manufactured in the 1920s that still contains its original wooden horses and benches.
Trail Dust Town also features a historical museum, the Museum of the Horse Soldier, which chronicles the history of Western cavalry and dragoon units. It is notable for its large display of Western history and military history, including original period costumes, uniforms, weapons, firearms, and ephemera.
History.
The shopping mall was built from the abandoned set of an unfinished Glenn Ford western movie set that was left outside of the populated area of Tucson in the 1950s.
Constituent attractions.
Trail Dust Town Railroad.
The Trail Dust Town Railroad is a narrow-gauge, motorized train that runs on a looped 24" track. The railroad loads patrons at Trail Dust Town's train depot, which is modeled after the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western station located in Wallace, New York. The engine, named "C. P. Huntington", and numbered 287, pulls two passenger cars around the town and passes through several theme areas, two tunnels, and across several working, but miniature crossings.
Dragoon Street Wild, Wild West Stunt Show.
Generally performed two or three times an evening, Trail Dust Town's stunt show is a slapstick comedy homage to the wild west. The shows, which vary from twenty to thirty minutes in length, are performed adjacent to the Trail Dust Town depot, in an area that seats around 125 patrons. Most shows feature falls from the top of two story buildings, dynamite explosion effects and lots of "rough and tumble" choreographed fights. There is no charge for admission, however, performers ask for a donation to off-set the cost of the show upon exiting.

</doc>
<doc id="6002753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002753" title="Pokrov">
Pokrov

Pokrov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6002762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002762" title="Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering">
Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering

Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering (SCTCE) or SCT College of Engineering is a state-government-sponsored engineering college in Thiruvananthapuram (formerly Trivandrum), Kerala, India.
In 2006 "Outlook" magazine gave it a rank of 98 in its list of Top 100 Engineering Colleges of India, and it is one of the top 3 Engineering colleges in Kerala. It is one of three engineering colleges from the state of Kerala to appear on the list. In 2011 WEEK survey, it was ranked 65th in the list of top 100 engineering colleges in India.
Administration.
The governing body of the college is constituted by the government of Kerala is chaired by the Minister for Transport, government of Kerala, with Higher Education Secretary, Finance Secretary, Transport Secretary and Managing Director, KSRTC (Kerala State Road Transport Corporation) as "ex officio" members. Two other members (education experts) are nominated by the chairman.
Established under the University of Kerala in 1995, with AICTE approval, it is a college accredited by the National Board of Accreditation, New Delhi, and Certification. SCTCE is one of the seven colleges in the state of Kerala aided under the World Bank funded Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP).
Extensive links with research institutes and industries (VSSC, DRDO, ER&DCI, Technopark, Kerala, and IISc) has enabled SCT to maintain the vocational and practical relevance of its courses.
Location.
The college is at Pappanamcode 4 km from Trivandrum Central Railway Station and KSRTC central bus stand at Thampanoor. It is 15 km from Trivandrum International Airport.
Academics.
The college offers undergraduate programs (B.Tech) in
The college offers Postgraduate programs (M.Tech) in
There has been a governing body decision to start an undergraduate program in Electrical and Electronics Engineering and graduate programs in six areas. The AICTE sanctioned M.Tech degree program in Machine Design by Mechanical Engineering Department started in 2009 with a single batch of students. AICTE also approved M.Tech degree program for Computer Science in 2010 with a single batch of students. AICTE has sanctioned M.Tech degree program in Signal Processing by Electronics and Communication Engineering Department in 2011 with a single batch of students. A new M.Tech course on Vehicle Design and Road safety will be started shortly after getting AICTE approval.
The TEQIP program of the government of India has brought changes in the quality of training offered by the college with the coming up of a Central Computing facility and digital library.tc. The college conducts community development programs related to skill development and women empowerment.
Admission.
The admission procedure and fee structure of SCT College of Engineering is decided by the government of Kerala. The details are given in the admission prospectus published by Kerala State Entrance Commissioner and can be found under Government self-financing colleges category. A percentage of seats are reserved for the dependents of KSRTC employees and a percentage of seats are reserved for the children of Non-Resident Indians (NRIs). All admissions except under the NRI quota are based on the Common Entrance Examination (CEE) conducted by the Commissioner for Entrance Examinations, Government of Kerala.
Faculty.
Apart from experienced senior faculty, SCT College of Engineering has a large number of young faculty members who have received their education/training from India's premier institutes . Usually the recruitment is done by a selection test to the post of Assistant professor. The test is conducted by a Kerala Government agency like LBS Centre for Science and Technology.
The college staff association, SCT College of Engineering Staff Association (SCTCESA), comprises all staff and faculty.
Industry-institute interaction.
The college has an industry institute partnership cell which conducts training and education programs for the benefit of public and students. It helps the students take up the challenge of solving the problems faced by industry, by doing their final year projects with them. There is a Research and Consultancy wing.
Student life.
Most of the students are day-scholars. The students from faraway places reside in college-approved hostels near the campus. Accommodation in the city is also used by the students.There are many cultural and technical festivals conducted by various clubs in the college.Of this the college fest Cult a Way is the most popular one. Also there are specials events like Demo Week, where the final year students dress up according to some themes .
The college has a number of student associations, with each branch having its own association. They organize seminars, contests and cultural events.
The college has a National Service Scheme unit, film club, and nature club, tech club, arts club.
The first college level road safety club in the state was formed at Sree Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram in association with the Kerala Motor Vehicle Department.
Cult a Way.
Cult a Way is the annual technical and cultural festival of SCT. It was started in 2011 but took off rapidly and became one of the major college fests in kerala. It is a four- or five-day event held annually and almost all colleges in the state participate in this event. The events includes technical workshops, cultural events like dance programs, treasure hunt, quizzes, fashion shows etc. Cult A Way
Centre for Continuing Education.
The Continuing Education Centre runs training programs for engineering college teachers. The centre conducts skill oriented training programs for the general public.
Flexibility in programs.
The syllabus and academic guidelines issued by University of Kerala are followed. However, the college has a wide range of electives offered for its students, for example, e-commerce, Vehicle design, Aerospace Engineering, Aviation Electronics, Neural Network, Mechatronics, Fuzzy Logic, Image Processing and Optoelectronics. It is the second engineering college in Kerala to have a Mechatronics lab after the National Institute of Technology Calicut.

</doc>
<doc id="6002763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002763" title="Rå">
Rå

In Scandinavian folklore, a rå is a keeper or warden of a particular location or landform. The different species of rå are sometimes distinguished according to the different spheres of nature with which they were connected, such as "skogsrå" or "huldra" (forest), "sjörå" (freshwater) or "havsrå" (saltwater), and "bergsrå" (mountains).

</doc>
<doc id="6002765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002765" title="Summit Lake Park">
Summit Lake Park

Summit Lake Park is a park located along Mount Evans Scenic Byway about 38 miles (100 km) west of Denver, Colorado. The park is 160 acres (0.65 km²) in size and contains alpine tundra. Land to the east of the lake is in a state of permafrost which helps to prevent drainage of the area. During the summer, the park is filled with wildflowers, some of which have not been found anywhere else outside of the Arctic Circle. The park is named after Summit Lake, the headwaters of Bear Creek.
Summit Lake.
Summit Lake is a tarn which sits at 12,836 feet (3,912 m) altitude in a glacial cirque on the north face of Mount Evans and the east face of Mount Spalding. To the north, there is a col (12,855 feet/3918 m altitude) looking down into the chain of two cirques holding the Chicago Lakes at the headwaters of Chicago Creek. By one count that includes several unnamed lakes, Summit Lake is the 13th highest lake in the United States. In 1915, the USGS reported that Summit Lake was the highest lake in Colorado, at 12,740 feet. Later secondary sources occasionally report it as the highest lake in the United States.
The land was acquired by Denver in 1924 and incorporated into the Denver Mountain Parks system. It was declared a National Natural Landmark in April, 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="6002795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002795" title="Victory, Wisconsin">
Victory, Wisconsin

Victory, Wisconsin is a small unincorporated community in the Town of Wheatland in Vernon County, Wisconsin. It is located 4.5 miles north of De Soto and 6.2 miles south of Genoa on the Mississippi River along the Great River Road (WIS 35). The Battle of Bad Axe, the final battle of the Black Hawk War of 1832, took place near this community.

</doc>
<doc id="6002796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002796" title="Allendorf, Waldeck-Frankenberg">
Allendorf, Waldeck-Frankenberg

Allendorf (Eder) ()is a municipality which situated in the north west of Hesse, Germany. The municipality is within the Waldeck-Frankenberg district in a rural region called the upper Eder Valley. The Burgwald range is located west of Allendorf while the Breite Struth hills are in Allendorf’s east.
With regard to towns, Allendorf lies to the east of Frankeberg/Eder (12,2 km) and to the west of Battenberg (2,6 km) and Biedenkopf (21 km). In the north of Allendorf are Hallenberg (11.9 km), Winterberg (26,4 km), and Korbach (38,8 km). In its south is the university city Marburg (31,8 km).
Allendorf is internationally known because of the heating company Viessman, which has its headquarters in Allendorf/Eder. Moreover, the FC Ederbergland - an amalgamation of the football divisions of the SV Allendorf and the TSV Battenberg - successfully plays in the Hessian regional league. Allendorf is also attractive to tourists because of its half-timbered houses and the surrounding idyllic landscape.
Geography.
Neighbouring communities.
Allendorf borders in the north on the community of Bromskirchen, in the east on the town of Frankenberg, in the southeast on the community of Burgwald, and in the south and west on the town of Battenberg (all in Waldeck-Frankenberg).
Constituent communities.
The municipality Allendorf/Eder consists of the following centres
History.
Foundation.
In 1107, Allendorf had its first documentary mention as Count Kunimund's donation to the Imperial Abbey of Hersfeld. The community passed with the "Amt" of Battenberg first to the High Principality ("Oberfürstentum") of Marburg in 1567, and then to Hesse-Darmstadt in 1623. In 1866, it became part of the Prussian district of Battenberg, in 1932 the Frankenberg district, and in 1974 the Waldeck-Frankenberg district. Since Hesse's municipal reforms in 1971, Allendorf (Eder) with the outlying centres of Battenfeld, Rennertehausen, Haine and Osterfeld form a community on the broad Eder plains.
Coat of Arms.
The coat of arms of Allendorf consists of two yellow outside-turned crescents over a silver six-pointed star on a blue background. This municipal coat of arms was conferred to Allendorf on 11 April 1967 by the interior ministry of the state Hesse. The adoption of it was recommended by Dr. Karl E. Demandt in his certificate from 1 March 1967. This recommendation was based on research done by Dr. Carl Knetsch (†1938), director of the municipal archives of Marburg, and by Hans Joachim von Brockhusen, an archivist and librarian.
According to Knetsch and Brockhusen’s research, the coat was originally the coat of arms of the lineage "von Allendorf (Aldindorf, Altendorf)," which ceased to exist in the 15th century. However, there has not been found any evidence yet for Knetsch and Brockhusen’s conclusion that the municipal coat of arms earlier served as the coat of arms of that family. It remains unclear on which documentary basis Knetsch ascribes this coat of arms to the lineage von Allendorf. A draft of the arms which was found among his notes was probably based on a sandstone made relief which can be found at the church of Battenfeld and which probably dates from the 15th century. The relief is a marshalled coat of arms. On the left side (from the viewer’s perspective) there is the coat of arms of the family von Biedenfeld, while on the right side there is the coat of arms that consists of the two half-moons and the star. A heraldic interpretation of this marshalled coat of arms could be that a man of the von Biedenfelds was married to a woman of a family that had the two crescents and the star in their coat of arms. Perhaps Knetsch concluded from a family tree of the von Biedenfels and their engagement in building operations at the church that this must be the coat of arms of the von Allendorfs.
Norbert Henkel, author of the chronicles of Allendorf, criticises that since the actual coat of arms of the family von Allendorf is not testified in records, the arms found at the church of Battenfeld cannot definitively be ascribed to a family von Allendorf. Therefore, the real origin of the municipal coat of arms remains unknown. According to Henkel, the coat of arms belongs to the family of a woman that married one of the von Biedenfelds. This couple must have been in one way or another enganged in the building or renovation of the church of Battenfeld.
Politics.
Municipal council.
Allendorf's council is made up of 31 councillors, with seats apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 27 March 2011:
Note: BLO is citizens' coalition.
Partnerships.
Allendorf maintains partnership links with:
Infrastructure.
Educational Facilities.
Allendorf’s school has existed since 1965. Before it was renamed "Schule am Goldberg" it was called "Mittelpunktschule Allendorf." It normally accommodates a primary school and a Hauptschule. Lately, however, it has been reduced to being only a primary school because of demographic and educational changes. Its pupils come from Allendorf, Battenfeld, Bromskirchen, Haine, Osterfeld, and Rennertehausen.
Secondary schools can be found in Battenberg and Frankenberg.Battenberg's comprehensive school (Gesamtschule Battenberg) offers all three types of schools (Hauptschule, Realschule, and Gymnasium). It puts a special emphasis on media education. As it is newly refurbished, it is a well-equipped all-day school. Pupils who go to Gymnasium in Battenberg have to change to Frankenberg after their tenth grade in order to pass their A-levels. Frankenberg's Edertalschule is a traditional Gymnasium with a special emphasis put on musical education. There is also a vocational college (Berufsfachschule) called "Hans-Viessmann-Schule" in Frankenberg.
Sports Grounds.
Allendorf and its constituent communities offer a broad variety of well-equipped public sports grounds, which are regularly used by local clubs and schools. The largest sports ground is the stadium in Allendorf, which is called "Sportstadion im Ried." It is an arena type B and consists of 6 running tracks with Rekortan-surface, a sandpit for long jump, a high jump or pole vault pit, a lawn, and a shot put area. Unroofed standing terraces for approximately 6000 people can be found on the south-western side of the arena.
In addition to the football ground of the stadium, there are four separate football grounds and one artificial grass pitch, which reflects that almost every constituent community has its own football association and that FC Ederbergland regularly exercises on one of the football grounds in Allendorf’s sports centre.
Apart from football grounds and athletics sports stadiums, there are also a boules pit, an ice rink which is used as a skateboard park in summer, an indoor riding hall surrounded by several outdoor riding arenas, an indoor tennis centre with three hard courts as well as four outdoor tennis courts. Three additional tennis courts can be found in Rennertehausen.
Further sports grounds are a gymnasium belonging to the local school, two bowling facilities in Allendorf and Haine with two bowling alleys each, three indoor shooting ranges and one outdoor shooting stand. Finally, one can also consider the airport as a sports ground since it is regularly used by the aviation sport association.
Community Halls.
Municipal authorities and administration are housed in the community centre in Allendorf. Moreover, each village belonging to Allendorf has its own community hall which is used for community meetings, private parties, sports and cultural events. The community halls in Haine and the community centre in Allendorf are equipped with two skittle alleys, which can be rented.
Transport.
Streets.
Near Allendorf two major roads, B 236 and B 253, meet. The B236 runs along a north-south axis connecting Allendorf with Winterberg and Marburg. The well-developed B253 connects Allendorf with Frankenberg, Korbach, and Biedenkopf. To reach the nearest autobahn, which is the A45 near Dillenburg, it takes approximately one hour (50,4 km). The B3, a two-laned major road that is connected with the autobahn network, can be reached in approximately half an hour after 25,9 km near Marburg.
In addition to these long distances to clearways,the traffic situation is impaired by frequent radar controls and speed limits on B236 between Münchhausen and Marburg as well as sloping and winding roads on B253 when passing the Sackpfeife.
Railways.
Allendorf is associated with the railway network and has its own railway station. Since 14 November 1966 passenger service on the local railway between Winterberg and Frankenberg has been discontinued. The track was largely converted into a walking and bicycle trail. On 30 May 1981, the railway line Frankenberg – Bad Berleburg was likewise closed for passenger service. The track is now used only for goods transport. Today, Allendorf is not served by trains any more. The nearest railway stations on the railway line Marburg – Frankenberg are Münchhausen, Birkenbringhausen and Frankenberg.
Airports.
Allendorf has a small airport (Allendorf Airport), which is run by the heating company Viessmann and shared with the local aviation sports club. The paved runway is 1240m long and illuminated at night. There are no scheduled or charter flights. Frankfurt Main Airport, Paderborn Airport and Düsseldorf Airport are the nearest airports with regular passenger flights.

</doc>
<doc id="6002799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002799" title="Mouthpiece (scuba)">
Mouthpiece (scuba)

In breathing sets, a mouthpiece is a part that the user grips in his mouth, to make a watertight seal between the breathing set and his mouth. It is composed of a short flattened-oval tube that goes in between the lips, with on its free end a flange that fits between the lips and the tooth and gums. On the flange there are two projections with enlarged ends, which are gripped between the teeth. Most sport diving scuba sets use a mouthpiece rather than a fullface mask.
In many industrial breathing sets and a few scuba sets (e.g. the Siebe Gorman Salvus, and a 1980s model of double-hose diving regulator made by Nemrod), the mouthpiece also has an outer rubber flange that fits outside the lips and extends into two straps that fasten together behind the neck. That makes the mouthpiece more airtight and watertight, and helps to keep the mouthpiece in if the user lets his lips or jaws get slack through unconsciousness or absent-mindedness or being preoccupied with work.
A mouthpiece in the mouth prevents clear speech; as a result, many work divers, and many people who use a breathing set on land (e.g. firefighters), use a fullface mask.
In breathing sets with two wide hoses.
In a loop of wide breathing tubes like in a twin-hose aqualung or some rebreathers, the word "mouthpiece" is sometimes taken to mean the whole of the rigid assembly between the two flexible tubes.
Godel mouthpiece.
In the 1960s a mouthpiece assembly of this sort (for a double-hose aqualung), called a "Godel mouthpiece" was made, which had a snorkel attached, and a valve so the diver could breathe from the aqualung or from the snorkel.

</doc>
<doc id="6002803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002803" title="GER Classes S46, D56 and H88">
GER Classes S46, D56 and H88

The GER Classes S46, D56 and H88 (classified Classes D14, D15, and D16 by the London and North Eastern Railway) were three classes of similar 4-4-0 steam locomotive designed by James Holden (S46 and D56) and A. J. Hill (H88) for the Great Eastern Railway. They were given the nickname "Claud Hamilton" after the first engine of the class, named after Lord Claud Hamilton (1843–1925) the chairman of the Great Eastern Railway. None of these locomotives survived to preservation.
History.
Allen (1961) noted that 
"Of all the locomotive designs that emerged from Stratford Works during the reign of James Holden, the one destined to achieve the greatest fame, beyond question, was his Claud Hamilton type 4-4-0, of which the pioneer example, No. 1900 Claud Hamilton, took the rails in 1900" 
He devotes a whole chapter to it. It is widely considered one of the classic locomotive designs, and three later Great Eastern Railway classes and three LNER classes were descended from it. F.V. Russell (Holden's Chief Designer) is generally accepted as the Claud Hamiltons' actual designer. Ellis notes: 
"Mr Holden, by then a valetudinarian was making a long recuperative stay in Egypt". This was related to Ellis by Russell.
Classification.
The classification of the "Claud Hamiltons" is complex but is summarised here:
Dimensions.
The S46 boiler had of heating surface, with a grate. The cylinders were 19 x 26 in. with flat valves placed below, operated by Stephenson's motion. The coupled wheels were in diameter.
Performance.
(Allen 1961) reports Claud Hamiltons in their original state were capable of taking around 350 tons from Liverpool Street to North Walsham in under the booked time. No. 1882 with round-top boiler ran the in 156 min 60 sec. Even heavier trains were managed in the up direction: No. 1809 (Belpaire boiler) took 400 tons up in 157 min 24 sec.
Appearance.
The Royal blue of the Great Eastern livery, with its scarlet lining, was embellished with a copper chimney cap, and brass beadings round the rim of the safety valve casing, the front and side cab windows, the top and bottom of both cylinders of the Westinghouse brake compressor, the coupled wheel splashers, and the four openings that had been cut in subsidiary coupling rod splashers — in London and North Western Railway style — to give access to the coupling rod pins when the rods were up. In contrast with the blue livery was the vermilion in which the buffer beam and coupling rods were painted. Another feature of great distinction, begun by James Holden with the Claud Hamiltons, was the broad steel ring, polished bright, that encircled the smokebox door, and made it possible to dispense with the usual straps across the door. Before very long, the painted representation of the GER coat-of-arms on the driving splashers was replaced by a replica cast in relief and picked out in colour. The tenders were replaced with standard GER ones when oil firing came to and end. The cab windows were round.
Later in LNER days the locos were painted apple green with LNER on the tender and cab numbers. Side rods were polished steel. The appearance was altered when a larger boiler and belpaire firebox was fitted, meaning a change in the cab window shape as well. 8783 and 8787 were kept in immaculate condition as the dedicated Royal locos hauling the Royal trains from Kings Cross to Wolferton for Sandringham. 8783 also had a copper capped chimney. Later some locos carried numbers and London & North Eastern Railway on the tender. Most were repainted into NE black for the war.
In British Railway days 8783 carried apple green with British Railways on the tender just like Tornado. The others carried black with British Railways on the tender. Later on they carried both lined and unlined black with early crest and lined and unlined black with late crest. Many of the steel rings were retained into the last days except on Gresly rebuilds where a larger boiler required a new smokebox.. Much of the decorative valancing was removed in later years as well, though the locos still retained their distinctive character.
In fiction.
The design was the basis of the character Molly in the children's TV series. 8783 also featured as a character in Toby and the Old Engine story.Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends.

</doc>
<doc id="6002806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002806" title="Gary Sampson (ice hockey)">
Gary Sampson (ice hockey)

Gary Edward Sampson (born August 24, 1959 in Atikokan, Ontario) is a retired American ice hockey player.
Born in Canada and raised in the United States, Sampson played college hockey at Boston College and was part of the U.S. National Hockey Team that played in the 1984 Winter Olympic Games.
Sampson signed with the Washington Capitals following the Olympics and played parts of four seasons with the Capitals until he retired during the 1987–88 season due to injuries. He has two children and currently resides in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="6002808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002808" title="Echidne">
Echidne

Echidne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6002833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002833" title="Atheris nitschei rungweensis">
Atheris nitschei rungweensis

Atheris nitschei rungweensis is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Africa in Tanzania, Zambia and Malawi.
Description.
It grows to a maximum length (body + tail) of . At midbody, it has 22-33 dorsal scale rows. The ventral scales number 150-165, and the subcaudals 46-58.
The color pattern is variable, with a ground color that ranges from bright green to green to black. Usually, this is overlaid with a pair of yellow dorsolateral zigzag lines. A row of yellow spots on the sides of the ventral scales may also be present. Specimens from the Sumbawanga region usually have a green yellow and black color pattern. Neonates are a dark brown or gray, but with a bright yellow tail tip.
Common names.
Rungwe tree viper, Rungwe bush viper, Rungwe leaf viper, Mount Rungwe bush viper.
Geographic range.
It is known from scattered locations from southwestern Tanzania to northeastern Zambia and south to the Nyika Plateau in northern Malawi. 
The type locality is listed as "Rungwe Mountains, Tanganyika Territory".
Habitat.
"A. n. rungweensis" is usually found in low bushes along streams and at the edges of mountain forests at altitudes of 800-2000 m (2,625-6,550 ft). Occasionally, it is encountered in moist savannah, woodland, and hill forest habitats.
Taxonomy.
It is also referred to by some as a species: "Atheris rungweensis."

</doc>
<doc id="6002842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002842" title="Theory and Event">
Theory and Event

Theory and Event is an electronic academic journal established in 1997 and covering contemporary questions in political theory, particularly those related to sovereignty, territory, government, identity, and the politics of representation including elections, consumerism, and high and popular culture. It includes essays, as well as other forms of writing less typical of the discipline.
The current editors are Davide Panagia (Trent University) and James Martel (San Francisco State University). The journal is published quarterly in January, April, July, and October by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="6002846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002846" title="Charles Gascoigne">
Charles Gascoigne

Charles Gascoigne (1738–1806) was a British industrialist at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. He was a partner and manager of the Carron Company ironworks in its early years, but left in 1786, before the company's success became obvious, to reorganise the production of iron and cannon in Russia. He remained in Russia for 20 years, until his death.
Early life.
Charles Gascoigne was born in 1738 in England. His father was Captain Woodroffe Gascoigne, who was deployed in Scotland after the Battle of Culloden in 1746. His mother was Grizel, eldest daughter of Charles Elphinstone, 9th Lord Elphinstone and his wife Elizabeth Primrose.
Career.
He worked for the British East India Company and as a partner in "Coney and Gascoigne", a firm of drysalters in London. He married Mary, the daughter of Samuel Garbett, at St Martin's, Birmingham, in 1759. Garbett was a founding partner in the Carron Company, also founded in 1759, and Gascoigne become a partner in the ironworks in 1765, having been manager of Garbett's nearby turpentine factory, Garbett & Co., since 1763.
Carron Company.
When he joined the Carron Company only six years after it was founded, and it was still suffering from problems with the quality of its iron. Nevertheless, the Board of Ordnance had granted it a lucrative contract to supply armaments to the British armed forces in 1764. He became managing partner of the ironworks in 1769, taking over from William Cadell, Jr, the son of William Cadell, another founder of the works.
He introduced many improvements in the company's techniques of production, and devoted considerable effort to increasing the quality of its work. Despite (or perhaps because of) Gascoigne's influence, the Carron Company and Garbett's other enterprises remained in a difficult financial position. Garbett & Co. collapsed under the weight of debts in 1772, harming Gascoigne's relationship with his father-in law. The Board of Ordnance eventually withdrew their contract with Carron Company for long guns in 1773, as a result of concerns over the poor quality of their workmanship
The company received a royal charter to incorporate as the Carron Company in 1773. However, despite his efforts, the quality of company's products had remained low. After the company's contracts to supply the Royal Navy were cancelled in 1773, the company's cannon were removed from all naval vessels.
Carronades.
Undeterred, he also pushed forward the development of a new type of cannon, originally known as the "Gasconade" or "Melvillade", but better known by its later name, the "Carronade". The carronade was designed as a short-range naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759. It was developed by Gascoigne from 1769 to 1779. It was adopted by the Royal Navy in 1779.
Easily identified by its considerably shortened barrel, the carronade had the same calibre as a long gun, but contained much less metal and so was much lighter, enabling naval vessels to carry many more carronades than long guns. The resulting short range was not a problem as a result of the close-to broadside tactics employed at the time. The new weapon was a considerable success (earning the nickname "The Smasher" by Royal Navy crews) and remained in production from 1778 through to the 1850s. In addition to the Royal Navy, the company also supplied armaments to governments outside the UK, including weapons supplied to the embryonic United States which were used against Britain in the War of 1812.
Russia.
In the 1770s and 1780s, the British government were involved in a programme to render military assistance to the Russian Empire. A steam engine, designed by John Smeaton and manufactured by the Carron Company, was ordered by Charles Knowles (then working for the Russians) and was sent to Russia in 1774, together with a supply of coal and Carron workmen.
In 1784, Knowle's successor, Admiral Samuel Greig, ordered guns for the Russian Navy from the Carron Company. In an effort to improve Catherine the Great's weapons foundry at Petrozavodsk, the Russians also ordered a large quantity of plant and equipment. The British government tried to prevent the company from supplying this cutting-edge military technology; nonetheless, Gascoigne delivered the Russians' orders. Then, in May 1786, he travelled to Kronstadt to supervise the installation works at the Aleksandrovsky foundry, accompanied by workers from the Carron Company. He was also accompanied by Charles Baird, Adam Armstrong, and Alexander Wilson. Gascoigne was in financial trouble at the time, having been declared bankrupt.
Gascoigne was to remain in Russia for twenty years, where he became known as Karl Karlovich Gaskoin (Карл Гаскойн). He became a State Councillor and a Knight of Saint Vladimir, received the Order of St Anne, 1st and 2nd classes, received the rank of Councillor of State, and was head of all mines and foundries in Karelia, including the mines at Petrozavodsk (Olonets Province, Russia). He improved many existing Russian iron foundries and built new ones, and also advancing the Russian's cannon-manufacturing techniques. He established the first machine presses at the Saint Petersburg Mint, although the project was ultimately completed by Matthew Boulton.
Personal life.
He had three daughters by his first wife: Anne, who married Thomas Hamilton, 7th Earl of Haddington, in 1786; Elizabeth, who married an MP, George Augustus Pollen; and another, who married Poltoratsky.
He married his second wife, Anastasia-Jessye, daughter of Dr. Matthew Guthrie, in 1797.
Death.
He died in July 1806 in Kolpino near St. Petersburg, and was buried in Petrozavodsk.
Legacy.
His reputation has undergone many revisions. In Britain, he was seen as a traitor. In Russia, particularly in the Soviet period, he was suspected as a self-seeking capitalist and an industrial spy.
See also.
Abbotshaugh Community Woodland

</doc>
<doc id="6002857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002857" title="Saúl Rivera">
Saúl Rivera

Rabell Saúl Rivera (born December 7, 1977) is a right-handed relief pitcher in professional baseball, who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Rivera attended the University of Mobile, and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft by the Minnesota Twins.
Rivera was selected off waivers by the New York Mets after the 2001 season. In July 2002, the Mets sent Rivera to the Montreal Expos as the player to be named later for a trade executed in April. In June 2004, the Expos traded Rivera to the Milwaukee Brewers with Peter Bergeron for Jason Childers and Jason Belcher. Following the 2004 season, he signed with the Washington Nationals.
Rivera made his MLB debut on May 25, , for the Washington Nationals against the Houston Astros. In that game, he got his first hold, pitching 2/3 of an inning. He struck out one and walked one. He had been called up from Triple-A New Orleans on May 22, 2006. He finished his rookie season with a 3.43 ERA. He struck out 41 and walked 32. In , he only allowed one home run in 93 innings pitched.
On December 7, 2009, Rivera was released by the Nationals to make room on the 40-man roster for Brian Bruney. Rivera signed a minor league contract with an invite to Spring Training with the Cleveland Indians on December 21, 2009.
On May 17, 2010, Rivera was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for cash considerations.
Arizona Diamondbacks
Released: RHP Saul Rivera
On August 22, 2010, Rivera re-signed with the Cleveland Indians, and was assigned to Triple-A Columbus the following day.
Saul Rivera signed with the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6002859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002859" title="Ascenseur pour l'échafaud (soundtrack)">
Ascenseur pour l'échafaud (soundtrack)

"Ascenseur pour l'échafaud" is an album by jazz musician Miles Davis. It was recorded at Le Poste Parisien Studio in Paris on December 4 and 5, 1957. The album features the musical cues for the 1958 Louis Malle film "Ascenseur pour l'échafaud".
Jean-Paul Rappeneau, a jazz fan and Malle's assistant at the time, suggested asking Miles Davis to create the film's soundtrack – possibly inspired by the Modern Jazz Quartet's recording for Roger Vadim's "Sait-on jamais" (Lit: 'Does One Ever Know', released as: 'No Sun in Venice'), released a few months earlier in 1957.
Davis was booked to perform at the Club Saint-Germain in Paris for November 1957. Rappeneau introduced him to Malle, and Davis agreed to record the music after attending a private screening. On December 4, he brought his four sidemen to the recording studio without having had them prepare anything. Davis only gave the musicians a few rudimentary harmonic sequences he had assembled in his hotel room, and, once the plot was explained, the band improvised without any precomposed theme, while edited loops of the musically relevant film sequences were projected in the background.
"Jazz Track", an album which contains the original ten songs from the soundtrack and three additional tracks later released on the "1958 Miles" CD, received a 1960 Grammy nomination for Best Jazz Performance, Solo or Small Group.
From a musical point of view, the mood and the characteristics of the soundtrack immediately precede and introduce to Miles Davis's masterpieces "Milestones "and" Kind of Blue".
Track listing.
Note: The tracklisting above refers to the currently available CD version. The original soundtrack to the film, as mixed and edited (with additional reverb) in 1958, and used for the screen, can be heard in tracks 17 to 26.

</doc>
<doc id="6002866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002866" title="MSBuild">
MSBuild

Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework. Visual Studio depends on MSBuild, but MSBuild does not depend on Visual Studio. Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management depends on MSBuild to perform team builds via the Team Foundation Server.
Overview.
MSBuild is a build tool that helps automate the process of creating a software product, including compiling the source code, packaging, testing, deployment and creating documentations. With MSBuild, it is possible to build Visual Studio projects and solutions without the Visual Studio IDE installed. MSBuild is available at no cost. MSBuild was previously bundled with .NET Framework; starting with Visual Studio 2013, however, it is bundled with Visual Studio instead. MSBuild is a functional replacement for the nmake utility, the latter of which remains in use in projects that originated in older Visual Studio releases.
MSBuild acts on MSBuild project files which have a similar XML syntax to Apache Ant or NAnt. Even though the syntax is based upon well-defined XML schema, the fundamental structure and operation is comparable to the traditional Unix make utility: the user specifies what will be used (typically source code files) and what the result should be (typically an application), but the utility itself decides what to do and the order in which to do it.
MSBuild can build a project against a supported .NET Framework version of choice. This feature is called "multitargeting". Any given build of a project, however, can only target one version of the framework at a time.

</doc>
<doc id="6002872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002872" title="SATENA destinations">
SATENA destinations

SATENA flies to the following destinations (at May 2010):

</doc>
<doc id="6002878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002878" title="Slack variable">
Slack variable

In an optimization problem, a slack variable is a variable that is added to an inequality constraint to transform it to an equality. Introducing a slack variable replaces an inequality constraint with an equality constraint and a nonnegativity constraint.
In linear programming, this is required to turn an inequality into an equality where a linear combination of variables is less than or equal to a given constant in the former. As with the other variables in the augmented constraints, the slack variable cannot take on negative values, as the Simplex algorithm requires them to be positive or zero.
Example.
By introducing the slack variable formula_1, the inequality 
formula_2 can be converted to the equation 
formula_3.
Embedding in orthant.
Slack variables give an embedding of a polytope formula_4 into the standard "f"-orthant, where "f" is the number of constraints (facets of the polytope). This map is one-to-one (slack variables are uniquely determined) but not onto (not all combinations can be realized), and is expressed in terms of the "constraints" (linear functionals, covectors).
Slack variables are "dual" to generalized barycentric coordinates, and, dually to generalized barycentric coordinates (which are not unique but can all be realized), are uniquely determined, but cannot all be realized.
Dually, generalized barycentric coordinates express a polytope with "n" vertices (dual to facets), regardless of dimension, as the "image" of the standard formula_5-simplex, which has "n" vertices – the map is onto: formula_6 and expresses points in terms of the "vertices" (points, vectors). The map is one-to-one if and only if the polytope is a simplex, in which case the map is an isomorphism; this corresponds to a point not having "unique" generalized barycentric coordinates.

</doc>
<doc id="6002892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002892" title="King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council elections">
King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council elections

King's Lynn and West Norfolk District Council in Norfolk, England is elected every four years. Since the last boundary changes in 2003, 62 councillors have been elected from 42 wards.
Political control.
Since the foundation of the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:

</doc>
<doc id="6002905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002905" title="Sansi language">
Sansi language

The Sansi language, "Sansiboli", or Bhilki, is a highly endangered Indo-Aryan language of the Central group. The language is spoken by the nomadic Sansi people.
Ethnologue sees it as a Hindustani language (Western Hindi). Some sources also mention it as a dialect of the Rajasthani language. Kabutra, spoken by a thousand people in Pakistan, is mutually intelligible.
It is spoken by about sixty thousand speakers mainly in Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, and Delhi states of India. As a language, Sansiboli is not confined to any particular geographical boundary. It has benefitted from various sources, absorbed regional colors, and imbibed influence from neighboring languages and dialects. Thus, it has numerous phonological and morphological borrowings from Punjabi, Hindi, and Marwari. 
Sansiboli is not effectively being passed on to the next generation and is on the verge of extinction. Very few people below the age of forty are fully competent in the language, and probably none of them will become active speakers. Many of the Sansis are likely to mix Hindi, Punjabi, or Marwari elements in their speech depending on their geographical location.

</doc>
<doc id="6002914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002914" title="John Kerr (Virginia Congressman)">
John Kerr (Virginia Congressman)

John Kerr (1782–1842), father of John Kerr, Jr., cousin of Bartlett Yancey, and grand-uncle of John H. Kerr, was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives representing Virginia from 1813 to March 1815 and again from October 1815 to 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="6002917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002917" title="Football at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Football at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games

The football (soccer) competition at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games started on July 15, although qualification took place beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="6002921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002921" title="Baltimore Belt Line">
Baltimore Belt Line

The Baltimore Belt Line was constructed by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) in the 1890s to connect the railroad's newly constructed line to Philadelphia (with trackage rights to New York City) with the rest of the railroad at Baltimore, Maryland. It included the Howard Street Tunnel, the Mount Royal Station and the first mainline railroad electrification in the United States. The line is currently operated by CSX Transportation as part of its Baltimore Terminal Subdivision.
Origins.
The B&O's original connection to New York in Baltimore was through surface street transfers to the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad (PW&B), pulled by horses along Pratt Street between the B&O's Camden Station and the PW&B's President Street Station. In 1884, the PW&B was purchased by the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR), a major rival of the B&O, and the PRR cut off the connection. The B&O then proceeded to build its Philadelphia Branch (formally known as the Baltimore and Philadelphia Railroad) to connect to the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad, in turn connecting with the Central Railroad of New Jersey for B&O's New York service. The combination also provided a connection to the Staten Island Railway, which served as the terminal switching company for the B&O's New York freight service.
Construction.
Connecting the new Philadelphia Branch to the rest of the B&O system was a considerable engineering challenge. A new surface line across the center of town was politically impossible and prohibitively expensive. Building around the outskirts of town would have required massive regrading and bridging, as the terrain is extremely hilly and the line would cut across every watershed flowing into the harbor. As a temporary expedient, traffic was handled through Baltimore on carfloats, but it was clear that a direct connection would have to be built.
The route the B&O chose started from the existing end of track at Camden station, at the west end of the Inner Harbor. A tunnel was constructed directly under Howard Street, heading north until just before it crossed the existing PRR line.
At the north portal of the tunnel, Mount Royal Station was constructed. The track then curved around to the east, passed through six other (much shorter) tunnels, continued across town, finally heading southeast to meet the already constructed line just north of the Canton neighborhood. The cost of construction drove the railroad into bankruptcy shortly after the line opened in 1895.
Initially there were plans to build three new stations, but concern for interference with freight haulage and expense reduced this to a single station at Mount Royal, which opened on September 1, 1896. Lower-level platforms were added at the east end of B&O's Camden Station in 1897.
Howard Street Tunnel.
The Howard Street Tunnel, originally a long tunnel under Howard Street in downtown Baltimore, took four and a half years to build (1890–95) and was the longest tunnel on the B&O's system. The tunnel is brick-lined with iron-arched centerings. At the time of completion it was considered innovative for its use of electricity for illumination and powering of locomotives. Inside the tunnel, there was an underground platform for trains serving Camden Station. The Howard Street Tunnel is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Electrification.
By this time the Pennsylvania Railroad line through Baltimore and points south had been in operation for twenty years. Due to the built-up nature of the area traversed and the hilly terrain, much of its line through town was in tunnels, which posed severe ventilation problems. Large chimneys were constructed above the Pennsylvania line, in a not entirely successful attempt to disperse the fumes from the coal-fired locomotives. However by 1890 electric locomotion was beginning to appear possible, and in 1892 the B&O thus contracted with General Electric (GE) for electric locomotives, powerhouse equipment, and an electrical distribution system. This equipment was delivered beginning in 1895, and the first train pulled by an electric locomotive operated through the Howard Street Tunnel on June 27, 1895.
The grade on the electrified portion was downhill to Camden Station; therefore traffic heading southbound ("westbound", in B&O timetables), from Mount Royal Station, simply drifted through the tunnels. Since the engine was not working, the smoke produced was relatively light. Going upgrade northbound ("eastbound", in B&O timetables) the electric locomotives were coupled to the front of the train at Camden Station and pulled the entire train, including the steam locomotive, through the Howard Street tunnel. When northbound passenger trains stopped at Mt. Royal Station at the north end of the tunnel, the electric locomotive was uncoupled. Northbound freight trains were pulled by electric locomotives for another two miles, until reaching Huntingdon Avenue in east Baltimore. There the steam locomotive closed its cylinder cocks, took up the load, and the electric locomotive uncoupled on the fly, accelerating ahead to a pocket siding between the tracks.
General Electric installed rotary converters in B&O's powerhouse near Mt. Royal Station, having a combined capacity of 5,000 kW to convert 13,200-volt, 3 phase, 25-cycle AC to 675 volts DC. In 1936, these rotary converters were replaced by mercury arc rectifiers.
Initially power was supplied through a unique system in which a pickup shoe rode in a channel above and to one side of the track. This proved vulnerable to contamination from coal smoke, and after a short time it was replaced by a conventional third rail system. When the Howard Street track was made into a gantlet to allow higher clearances, the pickup contacts on one side were mounted on swinging arms to accommodate the varying distance to the third rail. The electrification was finally discontinued in 1952 when dieselization made it unnecessary.
Latter day operation.
Throughout much of its history until the end of passenger trains in 1958, the line had relatively low passenger traffic, averaging six daily New York–Washington trains each way. Freight traffic was also limited by the scarcity of online industry east of Baltimore and B&O's lack of a connection across the Potomac River at Washington, D. C., to the southern railroads. The massive Pennsylvania main line carried most traffic to the northeast.
By the 1970s, however, both railroads were failing financially. The PRR had been merged into Penn Central in 1968, and two years later the new company declared bankruptcy. The B&O became part of the Chessie System in 1973, which in turn was merged into CSX in 1980.
In 1976 the PRR line became part of the newly formed Amtrak system. The line was subsequently called the Northeast Corridor (NEC), and its role as a freight line became relatively minor. The 1987 accident at Chase, Maryland, involving a Conrail locomotive led to further reductions in freight traffic on the NEC. The Belt Line (now operated by CSX) is therefore a key link in what has now become the principal rail freight line from Baltimore to Philadelphia and beyond. This segment of the CSX network is considered a chokepoint for freight train service from the Port of Baltimore to East Coast and Midwest markets. "See" Baltimore Terminal Subdivision.
Howard Street Tunnel fire.
On July 18, 2001, a 60-car CSXT freight derailed in the Howard Street Tunnel, sparking a fire that burned for six days and blocked traffic for much longer. The Howard Street Tunnel fire called attention to the Belt Line, both as a risk to the surrounding structures and as a link in rail traffic. CSXT has implemented various improvements to increase the integrity of the link, but is limited by the shallow depth of the bore (only three feet below the surface at the south end) and the instability of the surrounding soil.
Retaining wall collapse.
On April 30, 2014, a block-long portion of a retaining wall in a below-grade stretch of the Belt Line in southern Charles Village collapsed after a heavy rainstorm, sending part of the 26th Street and a number of cars onto the tracks. No one was injured but the tracks were blocked by debris, shutting down railroad operations.
On May 2, 2014, freight trains once again began running through the tunnels along this stretch of the Baltimore Belt Line.

</doc>
<doc id="6002922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002922" title="LNER Class P2">
LNER Class P2

The London and North Eastern Railway Class P2 was a class of 2-8-2 steam locomotives designed by Sir Nigel Gresley for working heavy express trains over the harsh Edinburgh to Aberdeen Line. As they were to serve on Scottish expresses, they were given famous names from Scottish lore.
Six locomotives of the class were built; introduced between 1934 and 1936. Between 1943 and 1944 the class were rebuilt under Gresley's successor Edward Thompson into the LNER Thompson Class A2/2 4-6-2 type.
History.
Design.
The locomotives were designed by Nigel Gresley to haul express trains over the difficult London to Aberdeen rail route on the London and North Eastern Railway. In the design Gresley was influenced by recent French practice, in particular passenger locomotives of the Paris à Orléans railway.
The first locomotive of the class, No.2001 "Cock o' the North", was introduced in 1934 - built at Doncaster Works, with Hugo Lentz type, rotary-cam actuated poppet valve-gear supplied by the Associated Locomotive Equipment Company, and a double chimneyed exhaust, each using four nozzle blastpipes (see KylChap). The chimney system was designed to take different fittings to allow experimentation with exhaust arrangements.
The boiler barrel was of the design used on Gresley pacifics, fitted to a larger firebox, the front end design was of the same form as the Class W1, No. 10,000 "Hush-Hush" locomotive, derived from Dr. Dalby's wind tunnel research, whilst the attached tender was a standard design as used of Gresley pacifics. The design also introduced a wedge shaped cab front end, designed to give a better view out of the cab - the same design was used on the later A4 and V2 express engines. No. 2001 was fitted with a Crosby chime whistle which Gresley had obtained from Cpt. Howey of the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway, and were originally intended for that railways Canadian Pacific style locomotives.
The second locomotive of the class, No.2002 "Earl Marischal" was completed by 1935, also a Doncaster, and was fitted with a Walschaerts valve gear as used on Gresley pacifics, and had a greater superheater heating area of , obtained by using wider diameter fire tubes. A low cutoffs smoke clearance on No.2002 was unsatisfactory - wind tunnel experiments led to an additional second pair of smoke deflectors being fitted inward of the first.
No. 2002 proved to be the more efficient engine of the two, in part due to a lower cylinder clearance volume, as well as due to the stepped-cam cutoff modifications made to No.2001 reducing economical working relative to the infinitely variable cutoff of No.2002. As a result the following locomotives were built with piston based valve gear.
By June 1936 the third engine had been produced; No.2003, "Lord President", based on the design of No.2002 but with the external design modified by the use of streamlining as used on the "Silver Link" locomotives. (see LNER Class A4). The locomotive weight was reduced to . The wedge-shaped front was found to lift the engine's smoke clear of the driver's view; No. 2002 was altered to this form in 1936, and No. 2001 in 1938.
Three further locomotives "Mons Meg", "Wolf of Badenoch" and "Thane of Fife" were also under construction at Doncaster in 1936.
No. 2004 was fitted with an experimental butterfly valve blastpipe bypass, manually activated to prevent fire-lifting at high cutoffs, this was later replaced with a plug valve and higher bypass pipe diameter - both designs had problems with sticking due to carbonised deposits. No. 2005 lacked the Kylchap double chimney of the rest of the class, whilst the sixth locomotive of the class had a different boiler design, with a longer combustion chamber, and firebox heating area and volume of and respectively with a Robinson superheater. The production series was completed in 1936.
Testing, performance and service.
Shortly after being put into service, on 19 June No.2001 was tested with a 19 bogie carriage train of 649 tons on a return journey between Kings Cross, Grantham and Barkstom; the locomotive hauled the train at an average speed of over 50 mph, with a peak speeds of over 70 mph. Drawbar pulls of around 6 tons at around 60 mph were recorded - representing a peak power output of over 2000 horsepower. In late 1934 the locomotive was sent to Vitry, France for static testing.
Point contact on the infinitely variable cams of No.2001 led to cam damage after ~10,000 miles of service, resulting in the replacement with stepped cams giving six steps of cutoff (12, 18, 25, 35, 45 and 75%). By 1939 No.2001 had had its rotary-cam poppet-valve valvegear replaced with Walschaerts gear.
In 1939 E.H. Livesay reported from the footplate on the performance of No.2004 "Mons Meg" on the early morning 'Aberdonian' non-stop from Edinburgh to Dundee; a train with gross weight of 320 tons. Peak speeds of over 60 mph were noted, with 55 mph on a 1 in 100 gradient, and an average speed of . Despite the vehicle's long wheelbase, , and the frequent curves on the route, Livesay did not report any serious issues with ride quality. On the return trip with a load of 360 tons gross, recording a peak of 68 mph on a 1 in 100 down section, with an average speed of 38 mph including several stops and speed restrictions. Livesay reported favourably on the acceleration of the train, recording 50 mph reached from standstill over 1.25 miles, with 60 mph reached in under 2 miles. Further Edinburgh to Dundee and Return runs were made in the afternoon with 355 and 450 ton gross loads respectively with average speeds of 40.25 and 33 mph.
Rebuilding.
The class was rebuilt into Class A2/2 4-6-2 'Pacifics' during 1943/4. Several contemporary observed that the rebuilding was due to the classes' wheelbase being too long for the routes it worked, and suggested that the railway would have been better served had the class been transferred to more suitable routes, according to B. Spencer the class was rebuilt due to reliability issues during the difficult conditions of World War 2 period, and additionally to take the opportunity to try out a different valve gear arrangement.
Railway author O. S. Nock suggested that Gresley's successor, Edward Thompson, may have made largely unsubstantiated criticisms of the class in order to justify the rebuilding. According to O. Bulleid the class were not an inefficient design, but had been placed into services in which they were underutilised, leading to poor fuel economy.
New build P2 proposals.
The P2 Steam Locomotive Company.
In 2010, the A1 Steam Locomotive Trust, who were responsible for the construction of 60163 "Tornado", announced plans to hold a feasibility study into building a new P2 class locomotive, which would be numbered as 2007.
The feasibility study was officially launched in October 2011 and was be broken into 3 stages.} The first stage involved creating an electronic model of a steam engine for track dynamic analysis; "Tornado" was used as the basis for this modelling, together with track position data supplied by Network Rail - "Tornado" was fitted with accelerometers during its testing- the data from which provided a basis to validate the modelling data and assumptions against. The second and third stages are to involve creating a computer model of a P2, and then analysing modifications to the design using the computer software. Modelling data for the P2 design and a modified design with a LNER Class V2 type pony truck was published in early 2013. The rail-dynamics software used was Delta Rail's 'VAMPIRE' product. The computer modelling showed acceptable dynamics and the project to build No. 2007 was officially launched in September 2013 at the A1 Convention with a seven to ten year construction timetable.
The locomotive is said to share 70% commonality on parts with "Tornado" including the boiler and tender. Modern modifications to the original design include roller bearings (also featured on "Tornado") and an all-welded, all-steel boiler; the final build may utilise Caprotti valve gear rather than the Lentz or Walchaerts types fitted to the originals. In most other respects and appearance the built 'No.2007' will match that of No.2001 "Cock o' the North".
On November 14, 2013 the P2 Steam Locomotive Company (P2SLC) announced that the name of its new P2 would be ‘Prince of Wales’, in honour of HRH Prince Charles, The Prince of Wales' 65th birthday. Construction began in May 2014 with the locomotives's frames being cut at Tata Steel's Scunthorpe works.
The project cost is estimated at £5,000,000.
Doncaster P2 Locomotive Trust.
The Doncaster P2 Locomotive Trust (Registered Charity Number 1149835), plans to build a replica P2 of the design as modified in 1938; using Gresley motion, Walchaerts valve gear, and a LNER A4 style 'Bugatti' streamlined front. The locomotive's frames were cut in April 2014 at Tata Steel's, Wednesfield works.
Modelling.
In 2013 Hornby Railways collaborated with the A1 locomotive trust to produce a models of the class, starting with the original P2 2001 "Cock O' The North", for expected release in early 2014 in both a low level "Hornby Railroad" specification, and a more detailed version.

</doc>
<doc id="6002926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002926" title="Division No. 10, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Division No. 10, Newfoundland and Labrador

Census Division No. 10 is composed of the area of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, called Labrador outside of Nunatsiavut. It has a land area of 269,073.3 km² (103,889.78 sq mi) and at the 2011 census had a population of 24,111. Its two major population centres are the towns of Happy Valley-Goose Bay and Labrador City.

</doc>
<doc id="6002935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002935" title="Bardufoss Airport">
Bardufoss Airport

Bardufoss Airport (; ) is a primary airport situated at Bardufoss in Målselv, Norway. The airport, which is the civilian sector of the Royal Norwegian Air Force's (RNoAF) Bardufoss Air Station, is operated by the state-owned Avinor. It consists of a runway, a parallel taxiway and handled 207,650 passengers in 2013. Norwegian Air Shuttle operates three daily flights with Boeing 737s to Oslo. The airport's catchment area covers central Troms.
The Norwegian Army Air Service completed the air station in 1938 and expanded by them and later the Luftwaffe during World War II. Civilian operations commenced in 1956, with Bardufoss and Bodø Airport being the only land airports in Northern Norway. Services were initially provided by Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS). Bardufoss served Troms and Ofoten, until the 1964 opening of Tromsø Airport and 1973 opening of Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes cut away most of the population served. Braathens SAFE started flights to Bardufoss in 1967 and a new arrivals hall opened in 1972. Until 1992 the Norwegian Armed Forces operated their own charter services, after which these were coordinated with civilian scheduled services. Braathens took over the Oslo-route in 1999, a new terminal opened in 2004 and Norwegian Air Shuttle took over the Oslo route in 2008.
History.
Bardufoss was selected an emergency landing airfield by the Norwegian Army Air Service in 1934, with construction starting in early 1935. A area was completed in mid-1936 and tested using a de Havilland Tiger Moth. The Army Air Service decided to expand the airport and built a triangular gravel runway , which became operational from mid-1938. Further expansions were carried out in 1939 and 1940. During the German occupation of Norway the runway was expanded to in concrete by the Luftwaffe, and a second runway, long, was built at Fossmoen, but never used. The airport was reclaimed by the RNoAF in 1945, who started using a water aerodrome on the lake of Andsvann. A runway extension in 1952 and 1953 to was financed by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
A government commission published a report in 1947 which recommended a national plan for civil aviation. It recommended that flights in Northern Norway be carried out using seaplanes, but also noted the possibility of upgrading existing military air stations for civilian use. Scheduled services to Bardufoss started in 1956, with SAS extending its service from Oslo Airport, Fornebu via Trondheim Airport, Værnes to Bodø Airport to Bardufoss. The initial terminal at Bardufoss was half a hangar leased from the air station. Bardufoss was the only land airport north of Bodø and its catchment area included the towns of Tromsø, Harstad and Narvik. Travel time to Narvik was three hours, Harstad was six hours away and Tromsø was by road. The towns were also served by the coastal seaplane route, but it only operated during the summer. Widerøe launched a seaplane route from the water aerodrome to Tromsø, Alta and Hammerfest. This route lasted until 1963.
Three times a week SAS operated a night flight from Bardufoss and Bodø to Oslo, with Andøya Airport, Andenes added in 1964, using a Convair Metropolitan. A new terminal opened in 1962. Three airports were opened in Finnmark in 1963, Alta Airport, Lakselv Airport, Banak and Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen, and the service from Bardufoss was extended to those towns. Tromsø Airport opened the following year, reducing the number of services to Bardufoss. SAS flew the Sud Aviation Caravelle to Bardufoss for the first time in 1963 and introduced the Douglas DC-7 in 1965.
From 1964 the Norwegian Armed Forces organized its own flights through chartered aircraft. Braathens SAFE received permission in 1967 to extend its West Coast route from Bergen to Trondheim onwards to Bodø, Tromsø and Bardufoss. Widerøe took over some of SAS flights between Bodø, Tromsø, Andenes and Bardufoss in 1971. The terminal was extended in 1972 with a new arrivals hall. SAS introduced a freight aircraft on the route from Oslo to Bodø, Bardufoss and Tromsø from 1982, using a Lockheed L-188 Electra operated by Fred. Olsen Airtransport. The route proved unprofitable and was terminated in 1989. The airport was classified as an international airport until 1985. A new cafeteria opened in the terminal in 1988. The airport served 85,300 passengers in 1990.
The Norwegian Aviation College college was established at Bardufoss Airport in 1992 as the world's northern-most flight school. It chose the airport because of its difficult weather and terrain in combination with few aircraft movements from commercial aviation. The use of military charter flights was debated from 1976. While they were cost-efficient for the military, merging them with civilian routes would increase the patronage of scheduled services, which would increase frequency and aircraft size. Coordinate flights were introduced in October 1992 and resulted in three weekly services with SAS to Oslo. A new control tower, costing NOK 55 million, was completed in September 1993. Plans for a new terminal commenced with the coordination of civilian and military flights, which had initially resulted in the old civilian terminal being closed. An early proposal was to build a new arrivals hall and keeping the former military terminal as a departures hall. The airport handled 142,100 passengers in 1997.
The armed forces signed an agreement with Braathens, resulting in the airline taking over the three weekly Oslo-services from 1 January 1999. The airport hit a temporary high 190,000 passengers in 2000, largely because of increased military activity. This dropped to 150,000 in 2003. A new terminal opened on 16 January 2004, costing NOK 5.85 million. Construction took four months and the main contractor, Thor Olsen, built the terminal without profits. The old terminal building was demolished free of charge. SAS and Braathens merged in 2004, creating SAS Braathens. The Tromsø bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics, which published its application in 2007, recommended that Bardufoss Airport be the reserve airport for the event and would function as a secondary airport.
Norwegian won the tender for military air transport services from 2008, resulting in the airline commencing flights from Bardufoss to Oslo, with SAS terminating the service. Norwegian issued a tender for ground handling, which resulted in Røros Flyservice winning ahead of the incumbent SAS Ground Services. This resulted in a court case which deemed the action conveyance and forced Røros Flyservice to pay the same wage as in SAS. Røros Flyservice spun operation into the subsidiary Bardufoss Flyservice, which ultimately went bankrupt. SAS operated a summer route from Bardufoss to Oslo each summer from 2010 to 2012. Norwegian started with an intermediate landing in Bodø on one of their daily Oslo flights from 2011. The Ministry of Defence decided in January 2012 to build a new fire station. Estimated to cost between NOK 50 and 100 million, it is scheduled for completion in 2014.
Facilities.
The airport has a runway aligned 10–28 (roughly east–west) with an asphalt surface measuring . It is located at an elevation of above mean sea level. SAS Select Service Partner operates a café at the terminal. Cominor operates three airport coach routes—one to Sørreisa, Finnsnes and Silsand; one to Setermoen and one to Maukstadmoen. The airport has 235 paid parking places; taxis and car rental is also available.
Bardufoss Airport is located on the premises of Bardufoss Air Station of the Royal Norwegian Air Force. The air station covers an area of and is home to the 337 and 339 Squadrons. The former operates the Westland Lynx in cooperation with the Coast Guard and the latter operates the Bell 412, largely as support for the Norwegian Army. Bardufoss Air Station is the largest helicopter base in the county, in addition to hosting the air force's aviation school. Allied forces have used Bardufoss as a training ground for fighter aircraft since the 1970s. The school, squadrons and air station are collectively organized as part of the 139th Air Wing. The municipalities of Målselv and Bardu host most of the army's Northern Brigade.
Airlines and destinations.
Norwegian Air Shuttle is the only airline serving the airport with scheduled flights, consisting of three daily flights to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen. The Norwegian Armed Forces is the largest purchaser of travel at the airport and operations are based on a contract between the two parties, resulting in scheduled flights. The airport handled 207,650 passengers, 5,279 aircraft movements and 56 tonnes of cargo in 2013.
Accidents and incidents.
Scandinavian Airlines System Flight 347, SAS-operated McDonnell Douglas MD-82 en route to Bodø Airport and Oslo Airport, Fornebu, was hijacking by Haris Keč on 3 November 1994. The Bosnian living in Norway made demands that Norwegian authorities help to stop the humanitarian suffering in his home country caused by the Bosnian War. None of the crew of 6 and 122 passengers were injured in the incident, which ended with a surrender at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen seven hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="6002943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002943" title="Hagar the Womb">
Hagar the Womb

Hagar the Womb were an English punk rock band, active in the early 1980s and part of the Anarcho-punk movement. Members went on to form We are Going to Eat You and Melt.
History.
The band was formed in London in 1980, in the toilets of the Wapping Anarchy Centre, established by the efforts of seminal anarchist bands Crass and Poison Girls. The original line-up was all-female, reflecting the band's purpose of giving women a voice in the anarcho-punk scene: Ruth Elias (vocals), Karen Amden (vocals), Nicola Corcoran (vocals), Janet Nassim (guitar), and Steph Cohen (bass guitar). One week after forming they played their first gig with Zounds and The Mob, with 'Scarecrow' playing drums. They soon recruited a second guitarist, 'Jon From Bromley', and a permanemt drummer, Chris Knowles, formerly of Cold War and The Boiled Eggs. Corcoran left, leaving two vocalists. The band's first demo included the track "For the Ferryman", which was released on the Mortarhate label compilation LP "Who? What? Why? When? Where?" in 1984. Cohen was replaced by Mitch Flacko prior to the band's first release proper. The band toured the UK punk circuit for five years, releasing two 12-inch EPs and recording a Peel Session for BBC Radio 1 on 11 February 1984. Their first EP, "The Word of the Womb" (released on Conflict's Mortarhate label) was a hit on the UK Indie Chart during 1984, peaking at number six, and staying in the chart for more than five months. Elaine Reubens joined the band in time for the recording of their Peel session.
The band released a second EP, "Funnery In a Nunnery" (UK Indie No. 9) the next year, now on the Abstract label, drawing comparisons with Siouxsie & the Banshees, Delta 5 and The Slits. Flacko left, his replacement being Paul "Veg" Venables, and Julie Sorrell was brought in to replace Amden. They continued for another year, but there were no further releases and the band split up, with Knowles, Sorrell, Venables, and Harding forming We Are Going To Eat You, who signed to Big Cat Records after their 1987 début EP and went on to release the album "Everywhen" in 1990. They later changed their name to Melt, releasing a sole EP before splitting up. 
The band's drummer, who has a degree in Philosophy and Literature, went on to become a cult DJ under the name Chris Liberator. Bassist Mitch Flacko has been playing bass in avant garde ensembles, and works as a tour manager.
Line-up.
During its lifetime the bands line-up fluctuated regularly, but often included:

</doc>
<doc id="6002950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002950" title="Mouthpiece (woodwind)">
Mouthpiece (woodwind)

The mouthpiece of a woodwind instrument is that part of the instrument which is placed partly in the player's mouth. Single-reed instruments, capped double-reed instruments, and fipple flutes have mouthpieces while exposed double-reed instruments and open flutes do not.
Single-reed instruments.
On single-reed instruments such as the clarinet and saxophone the mouthpiece is that part of the instrument to which the reed is attached. Its function is to provide an opening through which air enters the instrument and one end of an air chamber to be set into vibration by the interaction between the air stream and the reed.
Single-reed instrument mouthpieces are basically wedge-shaped, with the reed being placed against the surface closest to the player's bottom lip (the "table"). The player's breath causes the reed to vibrate, which in turn causes the column of air inside the instrument to vibrate. The top half to three–quarters of the table is open to the inside of the mouthpiece.
As with the brass instruments, the shape of the interior of the mouthpiece can greatly affect the sound of the instrument. Mouthpieces with a large, rounded chamber will produce a quite different sound from one with a small or square chamber.
The "facing" (or "lay") is a curved section that leaves the flat table and continues to the tip of the mouthpiece. The length of a facing — defined as the distance from the tip of the mouthpiece to the point where the reed and mouthpiece meet — can vary. Different facing lengths have different response properties.
The single reed is held tightly against the mouthpiece by a ligature. Anything that can hold the reed on the mouthpiece may serve as a ligature. Commercial ligatures are commonly made of metal or plastic. Some players (including many German clarinetists) prefer string or a shoelace, which is wrapped around the reed and the mouthpiece, to commercially manufactured ligatures.
Clarinet mouthpieces.
The clarinet mouthpiece is narrow inside and typically has a square or rectangular cross section from the baffle through the throat. The bottom of the mouthpiece is formed with a tenon that is ringed with cork.
Today, as with the saxophone mouthpiece, the reed is placed against the surface (the table) closest to the player's bottom lip. However, this was not always so: The earliest clarinetists would often place the reed on top of the mouthpiece.
Bernhard Henrik Crusell was one of the first clarinetists of note to consistently place the reed against the bottom lip.
Of particular note is Reginald Kell who was known for using a "double embouchure". This is a technique popular in the UK up to the 1960s, whereby the reed is placed against the lower lip, which covers the lower teeth —as in the single embouchure— and additionally, the upper lip is tucked in between the top of the mouthpiece and the upper teeth. This technique has been revived lately both in the UK and the US.
Interestingly, some clarinetists in Madagascar today still play with the reed on top as can be heard on the CD "Bémiray: Polyphonies des Hauts-plateaux" recorded on the music label Silex.
Clarinet mouthpieces are available in hundreds of styles from dozens of manufacturers around the world. Mouthpieces are often named after famous performers who contribute to their designs. Popular mouthpiece makers include Selmer, Vandoren, and the Woodwind Company (presently owned by Leblanc).
Differently sized clarinets (sopranino, soprano, alto, bass, and contrabass), each require a different size of mouthpiece. One exception is B♭ and A soprano clarinets, and in some cases C soprano clarinets; as they are so close in size that players typically use the same mouthpiece on both.
Saxophone mouthpieces.
The saxophone mouthpiece is outwardly similar to that of the clarinet, but it has no tenon. Instead, the saxophone's neck has a ring of cork glued to it, and the mouthpiece fits firmly onto the neck cork.
Saxophone mouthpieces are available in hundreds of styles from dozens of manufacturers around the world. Mouthpieces are often named after famous performers who contribute to their designs.
When Adolphe Sax invented the saxophone, he specified the shape of the interior of the instrument's mouthpiece as being large and round. All saxophone mouthpieces were made in this style until the 1930s, when the advent of big-band jazz made saxophonists experiment with different shapes of mouthpieces to get a louder and edgier sound.
Between 1940 and 1960, it became common for classical saxophonists to use narrow-chamber mouthpieces, based on those designed for jazz use. These mouthpieces give the instrument a brighter and edgier sound (more high partials) than the traditional shape as designed by Sax.
One saxophone player and teacher, Sigurd Raschèr, spoke out against this change in mouthpiece design. He believed that when used in classical music, the saxophone should sound as its inventor, Adolphe Sax, had intended, and that the gradual change to narrower and "brighter" sounding mouthpieces was a distortion of Sax's tonal concept. His students and other disciples felt that the desirable tone for a classical saxophone was a softer, rounder sound - a sound that can only be produced by a mouthpiece with a large, rounded interior (often referred to as an "excavated chamber"). By 1970, narrow-chambered mouthpieces had become nearly universally popular, and mouthpiece manufacturers largely ceased production of large-chambered mouthpieces, though some are still available, including one designed by Rascher.
Materials.
Clarinet and saxophone mouthpieces have been made out of hard (vulcanized) rubber, brass or other metal, crystal, glass, plastic, and wood. Today, the most common material for professional clarinet and (classical) saxophone mouthpieces is hard rubber. Jazz saxophone mouthpieces are made out of hard rubber, metal, or (rarely) wood. There is some debate over whether the material affects the tone, or whether tone is shaped only by the internal shape and dimensions of the mouthpiece. According to Larry Teal, the mouthpiece material has little, if any, effect on the sound, and the physical dimensions give a mouthpiece its tone colour.
Capped double reed instruments.
On a capped double-reed instrument the function of the mouthpiece is simply to provide a chamber within which the reed can vibrate, with a hole through which air can be blown.
Fipple flutes.
On a fipple flute the mouthpiece, or fipple, provides a shaped passageway for air to be blown against an edge, producing turbulent flow which excites the resonant vibrational modes of the air column.

</doc>
<doc id="6002977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002977" title="Verses of Comfort, Assurance &amp; Salvation">
Verses of Comfort, Assurance &amp; Salvation


</doc>
<doc id="6002980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002980" title="Elections New Brunswick">
Elections New Brunswick

The Elections New Brunswick is the non-partisan agency in New Brunswick, of the legislative assembly charged with running provincial elections.

</doc>
<doc id="6002989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002989" title="Mouthpiece (brass)">
Mouthpiece (brass)

On brass instruments the mouthpiece is the part of the instrument placed on the player's lips. The mouthpiece is a simple circular opening that leads, via a semi-spherical or conical cavity, to the main body of the instrument.
Mouthpieces vary to suit the tone of the instrument. Lower instruments also have larger mouthpieces, to maximize resonance (see pitch of brass instruments). Also, mouthpieces are selected to suit the embouchure of the player, to produce a certain timbre, or to optimize the instrument for certain playing styles. For example, trumpet and trombone mouthpieces are usually semi-spherical whereas French horn mouthpieces are conical.
Mouthpiece design.
The mouthpiece has a large effect on instrument sound. Major effects are due to the shape of the cup, shape of the throat, and the inner rim diameter. In addition, players often choose a mouthpiece that complements their playing styles. In general, brass players who concentrate on the upper range prefer a mouthpiece with a narrow bore, and players who emphasize the lower range prefer a wider bore. The cup depth also heavily influences the tone of the brass instrument. A shallow cup will brighten the sound, which is good for trumpeters doing a solo, while the deep cups darken the sound, which is good for trumpeters, who are trying to blend with the orchestra. 
Material.
Makers commonly construct mouthpieces from one of two types of material, with different costs, properties, and features. Metal mouthpieces can be plated with some other metal. Some of the following assertions, especially those regarding the effect of plating on tone color, are questioned by many players and specialists.
Brass.
Mouthpieces have traditionally been formed of solid brass. Due to brass often containing lead and being toxic upon contact, brass mouthpieces are usually plated with either gold or silver to protect the player from potential brass poisoning.
Plastic.
Plastic mouthpieces are usually made of Lexan plastic, and are often available in various colors. They are durable and don't chip or dent as do metal mouthpieces. Less expensive than metal mouthpieces, players commonly use them when playing outdoors—particularly marching brass players—because they have a short "warm-up" time. Some players feel plastic mouthpieces have an inferior tone quality and feel compared to metal.
Other.
Recent additions to the mouthpiece world include stainless steel and titanium. They are relatively rare, produced by few manufacturers. Some players feel stainless steel and titanium mouthpieces provide advantages over the classic brass mouthpiece, including, anecdotally, a more centered feel and sound, as stainless steel and titanium do not absorb as many vibrations as brass, they require much less care, etc.—but they are much more expensive. (Titanium mouthpieces cost up to $400 each.)
Silver plating.
Silver plating is common on all brass mouthpieces because it is cost-effective and good in terms of tone quality. It is also moderately germicidal. Silver plating is not as comfortable or as expensive as gold, but has properties and qualities that some feel facilitate certain styles of playing. Some believe that silver plate provides a clearer, darker sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that require clarity and projection. Silver-plate is less expensive than gold, but requires more maintenance because it tarnishes easily. Slightly tarnished silver-plate can be polished back to its brightness with silver polish.
Gold plating.
Some players believe gold-plated mouthpieces on brass instruments creates a fuller, richer tone that can also be somewhat darker timbre. For people allergic to silver, this is the best (but not cheapest) way to play a brass instrument without discomfort. Gold does not tarnish, and subsequently requires little maintenance apart from regular washing with soap and water. The extreme price of gold, however, means that the plating is usually relatively thin and thus fragile, and can even be worn away with use.
Sizes.
Each mouthpiece company uses a different labeling system. A larger number can mean a larger "or" smaller mouthpiece depending on the company. Likewise, the letters mean different things depending on the company. Even if companies appear to share marking systems it may be that same-marked mouthpieces from different manufacturers are different, although usually the differences are relatively small; there is no universally-recognized industry standard.

</doc>
<doc id="6002993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002993" title="Allan Herschell Company">
Allan Herschell Company

The Allan Herschell Company was a company that specialized in the creation of amusement rides, particularly carousels and roller coasters. The company manufactured portable machines which could be used by traveling carnival operators. It was started in 1915 in the town of North Tonawanda, just outside Buffalo, New York.
History.
Previous companies.
Herschell, together with James Armitage, created the Armitage Herschell Company in 1873. In 1883, his son William traveled to London, England to meet former Limonaire Frères employee Eugene de Kleist. Backed by Armitage Herschell, in 1888 DeKliest set up band organ production in North Tonawanda, founding the North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory. The company produced a range of barrell-organ based products, suited for all ranges of fairground attraction.
Armitage Herschell remained in operation until the early 1900s. The company carved many portable carousels, made simple in style. Surviving steam riding galleries are located in Mississippi and Maine. In 1901, Herschell left the Herschell Armitage Company due to financial complications, thus allowing De Kliest to buy the pair out, and seek new investment from his association with Ruldoph Wurlitzer.
Herschell created the Herschell Spillman Company with his in-laws, the Spillmans. Herschell Spillman started out creating and carving carousels in a traditional style, but later branching out to create larger park machines, such as elaborate carousels with many types of animals. Surviving carousels can be found in California, Michigan, and Maryland.
The company later dropped Herschell's name and was known as the Spillman Engineering Company. The company continued to make the same style of carousel, though later it focused more on horses with a few menagerie styled machines. Surviving carousels can be seen in North Carolina and the Strong National Museum of Play in Rochester, New York.
Fourth and final company.
The last company Herschell created was his own, competing with the Spillman Engineering Company, in 1915. Herschell specialized in horses with rigid poses and portable machines, which enabled them to be packed and shipped easily between towns. Herschell produced over 3,000 carved wooden carousels, which were shipped all over the United States and Canada, as well as other countries such as Mexico, South Africa, and India.
The factory was bought in 1915 and is located on Thompson Street in North Tonawanda. It is one of the last factory complexes in the United States which contained the production of wooden carousels. The complex was expanded to meet the growing company's needs. The building contains a large carving shop, a woodworking shop, a paint shop, a storage area, an upholstery shop, a machine shop and a roundhouse where the carousels were assembled and tested.
Herschell didn't create just carousel rides, but expanded to include rides made for children and adults. He thought up the concept for rides specialized for small children, called "Kiddieland." Twister, Hurricane, Flying Bobs, and the Sky Wheel were thrill rides catered towards adults.
The company moved to Buffalo, New York, in the 1950s, and in 1970, it merged with rival amusement park company Chance Manufacturing of Wichita, Kansas.
The Herschell Carousel Factory Museum.
The Allan Herschell Carousel Factory Museum, at the original factory site on Thompson Street, opened to the general public in 1983, with a full operational carousel from 1916. The first floor of the factory has been opened up to provide exhibits and demonstrations. Different programs are offered, such as woodcarving of various skill levels, guided tours, and a summer lecture series. Special programs, such as Youth Volunteer Program and Neighborhood Partners Program are offered to young people and local elementary school children.

</doc>
<doc id="6002995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002995" title="Elections Newfoundland &amp; Labrador">
Elections Newfoundland &amp; Labrador

Elections Newfoundland & Labrador is the non-partisan agency in Newfoundland & Labrador, of the legislative assembly charged with running provincial elections.

</doc>
<doc id="6002998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002998" title="Kimbe">
Kimbe

Kimbe is the capital of the province of West New Britain in Papua New Guinea. It is a port town on the great Kimbe Bay which boasts more than 60 percent of the coral species of the entire Indo-Pacific. The bustling town of Kimbe is the third largest port in Papua New Guinea and is the fastest growing city in the South Pacific. Accommodation in Kimbe is readily available in many high-class resorts and hotels, as well as many budget guesthouses and motels dribbled along the province. The town of Kimbe is served by Hoskins_Airport.
Geography.
Kimbe Bay is set in a tropical setting with coral reefs and live-aboard diving expeditions that attract tourists world-wide. Active volcanic cones encircle Kimbe Bay on the island of New Britain. Blue-eyed cockatoos and the world’s largest moths fill the air, while bandicoots and wallabies share the landscape with one of the world’s greatest number of orchids.
Offshore coral reefs play an important role in local culture and mythology in Kimbe, even though they are rarely visited by islanders and biologically misunderstood. In Kimbe, as in many other places, coral was commonly considered to be lifeless rock, not a fragile living organism crucial to the survival of fish and other marine life. As a result, reefs were thought to be indestructible and no premium was put on their protection.
Industry.
Kimbe town is the centre of many industries, including palm oil, cocoa, logging and coconut plantations. Many of these products are shipped out using Kimbe's main port.
The biggest industry in West New Britain and Papua New Guinea itself is called New Britain Palm Oil Limited, or NBPOL, which is also the owner of Ramu Agriculture. The company's headquarters is in Mosa, a small town around from Kimbe's main area. The company grows oil palm and then uses the fruit to create palm oil which is used in cooking oil, shampoo, soap, body products, moisturisers and many other products. The oil is produced by 4 oil mills and 1 refinery. The names of the mills are Mosa Oil Mill, Kumbango Oil Mill, Numundo Oil Mill, Kapiura Oil Mill, Kumbungo Kernal Mill and Kumbungo Oil Refinery.
The company also has a cattle station which is used as food for the region.
The employees of the company are not only paid but are served with free electricity, water, TV and housing.
Marine conservation.
The Walindi Plantation Resort is Kimbe Bay's primary sport diving center and has helped establish Mahonia Na Dari ("Guardians of the Sea" in the local language), a conservation organization that sponsors marine research, conservation and education center to aid scientists and teach natives of Kimbe and other islanders about their ecosystems. Historically, the people of Kimbe and New Britain have had a limited relationship with their marine environment. Few children learn to swim, and residents of inland villages often have never seen the ocean.
Mahonia Na Dari's marine education program in Kimbe is developing a future generation of conservation leaders to safeguard Kimbe Bay and has been instrumental in building community support for conservation work. Several villages have established community-managed marine protected areas, closing many reefs to allow them to recover from overharvesting. The education program is so successful in Kimbe that it is being integrated into Papua New Guinea's National School Teaching Curriculum. The marine conservation and research center now hosts scientists from Australia's James Cook University and the University of Papua New Guinea, whose research and monitoring help inform conservation work. The Conservancy is planning to expand its marine conservation efforts to the nearby provinces of New Ireland and Manus.

</doc>
<doc id="6003002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003002" title="Elections Nova Scotia">
Elections Nova Scotia

Elections Nova Scotia is the non-partisan agency in Nova Scotia, of the legislative assembly charged with running provincial elections. The "Elections Act 2011" established Elections Nova Scotia as an independent, professional elections organization whose budget is approved directly by the legislature, and the act specifies that "The Office of the Chief Electoral Officer is to be known as Elections Nova Scotia."

</doc>
<doc id="6003004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003004" title="Thomas F. Ellis">
Thomas F. Ellis

Thomas F. Ellis is an American lawyer and political activist involved in numerous conservative causes. His network of interests were described as "a multimillion dollar political empire of corporations, foundations, political action committees and ad hoc groups" active in the 1980s and developed by Ellis, Harry Weyher, Marion Parrott, Carter Wrenn and Jesse Helms.
Ellis, of Raleigh, North Carolina, was manager of Senator Jesse Helms' 1972 Republican primary campaign, but F. Clifton White, a widely respected professional campaign manager, was brought in to direct the general election campaign, providing Helms a comfortable upset victory over the favored Democrat, Congressman Nick Galifianakis. Ellis was an important backer of Ronald Reagan in his 1976 Presidential campaign. Eliis succeeded Tim LaHaye in 1982 as president of the Council for National Policy. He was also chair of the National Congressional Club; principal stock-holder and a board member of the tax-exempt, non-profit Educational Support Foundation that in turn owns Jefferson Marketing. He appointed the officers and directors of Jefferson Marketing; was a co-founder of Fairness in Media, and chairman of the Coalition for Freedom, a tax-exempt foundation whose goal is to finance conservative-oriented television programs.
Because of the arrangements between the National Congressional Club, the Educational Support Foundation, and Jefferson Marketing, in 1986 he and Carter Wrenn were fined $10,000 each for violating federal election laws. 
He was also a director of the Pioneer Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="6003008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003008" title="Peter Malberg">
Peter Malberg

Peter Malberg (21 September 1887 - 23 June 1965) was a Danish actor best known for his role as Onkel Anders in the Far Til Fire movies. Peter was originally educated as a painter, but his job at Århus Theatre as a scenic painter along with the fact that his older brother Henrik was an actor, eventually led to him being in theater- and later filmindustry.
Biography.
Peter Malberg was born in Arhus, Denmark. He was 15 years younger than his brother, the actor Henrik Malberg, who cared for Peter throughout his life. Their father was a haulage contractor, while their mother was of fragile health and was ill during long periods of Malberg's childhood. In 1904, when Malberg was 14 years old, his parents agreed that he was to be a painter's apprentice with master C. Christian Nielsen. Peter had talent as a painter and desired a formal education at the Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen. However, after serving his two-year apprenticeship, he was hired at Århus Theatre as a scenic painter. When Malberg saw how skillful his older brother was as an actor, he too wanted to try acting.
Malberg debuted on 22 March 1907 at the Århus Theatre as the Jailer in "Ranke viljer" ("Unyielding Wills"). He toured with an acting company in Norway, Sweden and Finland. In 1913, Malberg began working in the Copenhagen theaters, including the Alexandra Theatre, Frederiksberg Theatre and Betty Nansen Theatre. Malberg worked as a freelance actor, often in revues and comedic roles. In 1916 he took part in the Danmarks Eventyr (Denmark's Adventure) revue. Malberg achieved his greatest success on stage in the role of Balder Svanemose in the 1930 comedy "Peter den Store" ("Peter the Great"). It was a role he was eventually play more than a thousand times.
From 1910 to 1903, Malberg played roles in 22 silent movies, including "David Copperfield" (1922), "Morænen" and "Laila". Malberg's most memorable movie role was the character of Uncle Axel which he played in eight Far til fire comedies. He also appeared in nine Morten Korch movies. In the movie "Det gamle guld" ("The old gold"), Malberg and Poul Reichhardt combined to sing popular Danish songs like ""Jeg har min hest, jeg har min lasso" (I have my horse, I have my lasso)" and ""Du er min øjesten" (You are the apple of my eye)".
In 1925 Peter married the actress Ellen Nimb-Olsen who was 16 years younger.
Malberg was awarded the French Academy's Mark of Honor and the Portuguese Red Cross' Cross of Honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6003009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003009" title="Elections Prince Edward Island">
Elections Prince Edward Island

Elections Prince Edward Island is the Prince Edward Island non-partisan agency of the legislative assembly charged with running provincial elections.

</doc>
<doc id="6003019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003019" title="Elections Nunavut">
Elections Nunavut

Elections Nunavut is an independent agency that oversees elections and plebiscites in Nunavut, including:
The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut appoints the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO), who is the head of Elections Nunavut. It is headquartered in Rankin Inlet. The CEO appoints a returning officer and assistant returning officer in each Nunavut constituency to oversee the election process in that constituency. A returning officer represents Elections Nunavut in each of the 19 constituencies.
Services.
Elections Nunavut’s main services are to:
Elections Nunavut has a commitment to provide user-friendly resources and information in plain language, and offers services in English, French, and Inuktitut.
History.
Elections Nunavut started its work in 2000, following the first Nunavut general election in 1999.
Legislative Assembly of Nunavut.
The Legislative Assembly of Nunavut is a public government and operates on the consensus model. Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) belong to no political party and voting isn’t based on party politics. Nunavummiut (the people of Nunavut) elect each of their MLAs as an independent representative. The MLAs vote for and form the government from among themselves.
Soon after each general election the MLAs elect one of their Members to be Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and another to be Premier of Nunavut. They also elect from among themselves the Members of Cabinet that form the government. The Cabinet are a minority in the Legislature, so the majority of MLAs must agree upon and approve any legislative decision.

</doc>
<doc id="6003029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003029" title="Vale of Mowbray">
Vale of Mowbray

The Vale of Mowbray (sometimes mistakenly referred to as the Vale of York) is a stretch of low lying land between the North York Moors and the Hambleton Hills to the east and the Yorkshire Dales to the west. To the north lie the Tees Valley lowlands and to the south the Vale of Mowbray becomes the Vale of York proper.
The Vale of Mowbray is distinguishable from the Vale of York by its meandering rivers and more undulating landscape.
The main characteristic of the vale of Mowbray is the fertile agricultural land used for crops and permanent grassland, though isolated pockets of woodland remain. The roads in the Vale of Mowbray are characteristically contained by low hedges with wide verges. The villages are often linear following the major through road, the houses are generally brick built with pantile roofs.

</doc>
<doc id="6003032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003032" title="Elections Yukon">
Elections Yukon

Elections Yukon is the non-partisan agency in the Yukon, of the legislative assembly charged with running territorial elections.

</doc>
<doc id="6003034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003034" title="AW-Reeds GbR">
AW-Reeds GbR

AW-Reeds GbR is a manufacturer of clarinet and saxophone reeds and clarinet mouthpieces. Founded in 2000, they are located in Nürnberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="6003036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003036" title="Michael Yingling">
Michael Yingling

Michael Yingling (born July 10, 1972 in Portland, Oregon) is an American actor and the official soundalike for the Disney character Stitch. Yingling briefly filled in for Chris Sanders on 4 episodes of season 1 of the Lilo and Stitch TV series. He did most of the studio recording for season 2 but was recorded over by Chris Sanders during ADR.
Yingling participated in the production of "Stitch's Picture Phone," a now-closed interactive attraction at Disneyland's Innoventions whose use of groundbreaking voice-activated animation technology won a Thea Award from the Themed Entertainment Association in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6003045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003045" title="Electric Wizard (album)">
Electric Wizard (album)

Electric Wizard is the debut album by the doom metal band Electric Wizard. It was released during 1995 through Rise Above Records. The music is in the style of traditional doom metal with some stoner metal traits. The album cover depicts a woman riding a winged seahorse across a psychedelic ocean floor, which has been decorated with stone statues. The font used for the logo is the same style used for Black Sabbath's self-titled album, a nod to one of the band's inspirations.
"Electric Wizard" was re-released bundled with their second album, "Come My Fanatics..." in 1999. A remastered version was then released on CD and LP in 2006, with two bonus tracks, taken from a demo entitled "Doom Chapter". 
Track listing.
All tracks by Jus Oborn
"Bonus songs on 2006 reissue:"

</doc>
<doc id="6003056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003056" title="Lajos Hevesi">
Lajos Hevesi

Lőwy Hevesi Lajos, or Ludwig Hevesi (December 20, 1843, Heves, Hungary - February 17, 1910, Vienna) was a Jewish Hungarian journalist and author.
He studied medicine and classical philology in Budapest and Vienna, but soon turned to writing, and as of 1865 he was an active journalist and author. In 1866 he became engaged as a contributor to the ""Pester Lloyd"", and later to the ""Breslauer Zeitung"", for which publications he wrote humorous feuilletons. In 1875 Hevesi settled in Vienna and became the associate editor for the art department of the Wiener ""Fremden-Blatt"". He also wrote dramatic criticisms on the performances in the "Hofburgtheater". During 1871-74 he edited ""Kleine Leute"", a journal for the young. The first 7 volumes of the journal originated exclusively from his pen. In conjunction with a few friends he founded the Hungarian humor publication ""Borsszem Jankó"", which soon became a popular journal.

</doc>
<doc id="6003061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003061" title="List of additives in cigarettes">
List of additives in cigarettes

This is the list of 599 additives in cigarettes submitted to the United States Department of Health and Human Services in April 1994. It applies, as documented, only to American manufactured cigarettes intended for distribution within the United States by the listed companies. The five major tobacco companies that reported the information were:
One significant issue is that while all these chemical compounds have been approved as additives to food, they were not tested by burning. Burning changes the properties of chemicals. More than 4,000 chemical compounds are created by burning a cigarette, 69 of which are carcinogenic. Toxic gases such as carbon monoxide, hydrogen cyanide, nitrogen oxides and ammonia are found in cigarette smoke. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003064" title="Canons of Renaissance poetry">
Canons of Renaissance poetry

This article is about changing canons of Renaissance English poetry (i.e. in the 16th and early 17th century). While the canon has always been in some form of flux, it is only towards the late 20th century that concerted efforts were made to challenge the canon and the very concept of a canon. Questions that once did not even have to be made, such as where to put the limitations of periods, what geographical areas to include, what genres to include, what writers and what kinds of writers to include, are now central to writers of histories, anthology editors, curriculum designers, and individual teachers and learners. For example the customary exclusion of women writers has been successfully challenged over the last twenty years.
The canonical canon.
The central figures of the Elizabethan canon are Edmund Spenser, Sir Philip Sidney, Christopher Marlowe, William Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, and John Donne. There have been few attempts to change this long established list because the cultural importance of these six is so great that even re-evaluations on grounds of literary merit has not dared to dislodge them from the curriculum. For this reason the challenges to the canon that have been made during the last century have mainly been concerned with the so-called "minor" poets.
This distinction between "major" and "minor" poets, and between "major" and "minor" works by individual poets, is one of the mainstays of the canonical tradition. Its aim can be summed up in the words of F. T. Palgrave who in his The Golden Treasury aimed to pass over ""extreme or temporary phases in style"" in favour of ""something neither modern, nor ancient, but true in all ages"". This anachronistic ideal has curiously enough been prevalent throughout two hundred years of literary history whose ostensible goal has been to describe the period.
Canons before the 20th century.
Donne, Ben Jonson, and Spenser were major influences on 17th-century poetry. Spenser was the primary English influence on John Milton; while Donne was imitated by the Metaphysical poets and Jonson by the Cavalier poets. Both Donne and Jonson influenced the leading poet of the late 17th century, John Dryden. However, Dryden condemned the Metaphysical tendency in his criticism. Metaphysical poetry fell further into disrepute in the 18th century, while the interest in Renaissance verse was rekindled through the scholarship of Thomas Warton and others. The Lake Poets and subsequent Romantics were well-read in Renaissance poetry; Coleridge admired Donne, which is slightly unusual for this period. However, the canon of Renaissance poetry was formed only in the Victorian period, with anthologies like Palgrave's Golden Treasury. A fairly representative idea of the "Victorian canon" is given by Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch's Oxford Book of English Verse (1919). The poems from this period are largely songs; apart from the major names, one sees the two pioneers Sir Thomas Wyatt and the Earl of Surrey, and a scattering of poems by other writers of the period. The dominant figure is Anonymous. Some poems, such as Thomas Sackville's Induction to the "Mirror for Magistrates", were highly regarded (and therefore "in the canon") but omitted as non-lyric. 
The canon was also redistributed after Jacob Burckhardt's "The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy" from 1860 formulated a view of the Renaissance as an aristocratic court culture. Consequently, later anthologies such as Arthur Symons's "A Sixteenth-Century Anthology" from 1905 focused on lyric poetry at the expense of other genres, a preference which remained throughout the first half of the 20th century.
T. S. Eliot's changes to the canon.
T. S. Eliot's many essays on Elizabethan subjects were mainly concerned with the drama, but there are attempts to bring back long-forgotten poets to general attention, for example Sir John Davies, whose cause he championed in an article in The Times Literary Supplement in 1926 (republished in On Poetry and Poets, 1957). Eliot's writing did much to bring the metaphysical poets, Donne in particular, back into favour.
Yvor Winters's Alternative Canon of Elizabethan poetry.
The American critic Yvor Winters suggested in 1939, an alternative canon of Elizabethan poetry. In this canon he excludes the famous representatives of the Petrarchan school of poetry, represented by Sir Philip Sidney and Edmund Spenser, and instead turns his eye to a Native or Plain Style "anti-Petrarchan" movement, which he claims has been overlooked and undervalued. The most underrated member of this movement he deems to have been George Gascoigne (1525–1577), who "deserves to be ranked...among the six or seven greatest lyric poets of the century, and perhaps higher". Other members were Sir Walter Raleigh (1552–1618), Thomas Nashe (1567–1601), Barnabe Googe (1540–1594), and George Turberville (1540–1610).
Characteristic of this movement is that a poem has "a theme usually broad, simple, and obvious, even tending toward the proverbial, but usually a theme of some importance, humanly speaking; a feeling restrained to the minimum required by the subject; a rhetoric restrained to a similar minimum, the poet being interested in his rhetoric as a means of stating his matter as economically as possible, and not, as are the Petrarchans, in the pleasures of rhetoric for its own sake. There is also in the school a strong tendency towards aphoristic statement".
This attempt at rewriting a canon should not be seen as a challenge to the concept of the canon as such, but rather as an attempt to emulate T. S. Eliot's modernist revisions of the tradition. As with Eliot's canon, it may for today's reader say more about Winters and his time than about Elizabethan literature, but the list of poems he names among the best should still be of interest to the student who has already read the established, "Petrarchan," canon.
Winters compares the situation in Renaissance studies with that of the canon of eighteenth-century poets, where he claims, ""the two greatest poetic talents of the period, those of Samuel Johnson and of Charles Churchill"" were obscured by the rising Romantic school and such poets as Thomas Gray and William Collins. The poems he mentions by Johnson and Churchill have been added to the list below.
An alternative canon.
These are some of the poems Winters recommends (in general the ones Winters considers to be the best are put first).
From the anti-Petrarchan school: 
From the Petrarchan school (excluding those in footnotes):
Winters also mentions these poems from the Eighteenth century as the best of that century:
Canons today.
Both Eliot and Winters were very much in favour of the canon as such and they let its timeless ideals go uncommented. Towards the end of the 20th century however, the canon was increasingly under fire, both by those who wished to expand it to include for example women writers, and by those who wished to abolish it altogether.
Some anthologies.
The preface to the Blackwell anthology of "Renaissance Literature" from 2003 acknowledges the importance of online access to literary texts on the selection of what to include, meaning that the selection can be made on basis of functionality rather than representativity". This anthology has made its selection based on three principles. One is "unabashedly "canonical"", meaning that Sidney, Spenser, Marlowe, Shakespeare, and Jonson have been given the space prospective users would expect. A second principle is "non-canonical", giving women writers such as Anne Askew, Elizabeth Cary, Emilia Lanier, Martha Moulsworth, and Lady Mary Wroth a representative selection. It also includes texts that may not be representative of the qualitatively best efforts of Renaissance literature, but of the quantitatively most numerous texts, such as homilies and erotica. A third principle has been thematic, so that the anthology aims to include texts that bring light on issues of special interest to contemporary scholars.
The Blackwell anthology is still firmly organised round authors, however. A different strategy has been observed by "The Penguin Book of Renaissance Verse" from 1992". Here the texts are organised according to topic, under the headings "The Public World", "Images of Love", "Topographies", "Friends, Patrons and the Good Life", "Church, State and Belief", "Elegy and Epitaph", "Translation", "Writer, Language and Public". It is arguable that such an approach is more suitable for the interested reader than for the student. While the two anthologies are not directly comparable, since the Blackwell anthology also includes prose, and the Penguin goes up to 1659, it is telling that while the larger Blackwell anthology contains work by 48 poets, seven of which are women, the Penguin anthology contains 374 poems by 109 poets, including 13 women and one poet each in Welsh Siôn Phylip and Irish Eochaidh Ó Heóghusa.

</doc>
<doc id="6003066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003066" title="Trebbin">
Trebbin

Trebbin (Polish "Trzebin") is a town in the Teltow-Fläming district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Nuthe, 14 km north of Luckenwalde, and 36 km southwest of Berlin (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="6003082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003082" title="Commelin">
Commelin

Commelin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003086" title="Apparent temperature">
Apparent temperature

Apparent temperature is the general term for the perceived outdoor temperature, caused by the combined effects of air temperature, relative humidity and wind speed.

</doc>
<doc id="6003093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003093" title="Trebsen">
Trebsen

Trebsen is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Mulde, 6 km northeast of Grimma, and 27 km east of Leipzig (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="6003119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003119" title="Anthony Snodgrass">
Anthony Snodgrass

Anthony McElrea Snodgrass FBA (born 7 July 1934) is an academic and archaeologist noted for his work on Archaic Greece.
Born to William McElrea and Kathleen (Owen) Snodgrass, he gained his M.A. and D.Phil in 1963. He is Emeritus Professor in Classical Archaeology at the University of Cambridge and a specialist in Archaic Greece. He is a Fellow of Clare College and of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research. He chairs the British Committee for the Reunification of the Parthenon Marbles. 
He taught at Edinburgh University from 1961 to 1976 making the move down to Cambridge University in the same year. While there he was appointed the sixth Laurence Professor of Classical Archaeology from 1976 to 2001. He was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 1979 and was Vice-President from 1990 to 1992. He currently resides in Cambridge
External links.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6003127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003127" title="Treffurt">
Treffurt

Treffurt is a town in the Wartburgkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 19 km northwest of Eisenach, and 18 km southwest of Mühlhausen in the Naturpark Eichsfeld-Hainich-Werratal nature park. Treffurt is well known for its old beautiful villas and medieval landscape and sculpting. The Krause family, best known for starting Hush Puppie Shoes, originated in Treffurt.

</doc>
<doc id="6003131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003131" title="Cirò, Calabria">
Cirò, Calabria

Cirò is a "comune" and town with a population of 3614 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
History.
There were Bronze Age settlements in the area and fossils have been found and are preserved for eventual exhibition in a museum to be established. The ancient Greeks had a settlement on the sea coast - rudiments of a shrine to Apollo have been found. The town on the hill had its origins before 1000 AD but it was greatly expanded after the Saracens started raiding the sea coast. Cirò (known earlier as Psicro) became an important regional center with a castle most of which was constructed between the years 1300 and 1500. Today the castle is in a rather bad shape and should be restored. The administration is attempting to obtain funds and authorisation to do so. Until around 1970 the regional court had its seat in Cirò. After the coastal town split off, much of the administrative functions were transferred there.
Economy.
Ciro relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses and intense breeding of cattle.
The town of Ciro is famous for the production of Calabria's most important wine of the same name. The ancient Greeks started producing this wine under a different name nearly 3000 years ago and it was also offered to victors of the ancient Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="6003148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003148" title="Maryse Bastié">
Maryse Bastié

Maryse Bastié (February 27, 1898 – July 6, 1952) was a French aviator. Born Marie-Louise Bombec in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, at age eleven Bastié's father died and her family struggled to survive. However, as an employee in a shoe factory, money was scarce and an early marriage that failed left her with a child and limited means. As a result of her marriage to a World War I pilot, she became fascinated by the new phenomenon of powered flight and was determined to become a pilot and to own her own plane. She obtained her license to fly and although her husband was killed in a 1926 plane crash, Maryse Bastié began doing aerobatics to earn money to keep herself flying and in 1927 purchased her own aircraft, a Caudron C.109.
In the 1930s, Maryse Bastié set several international records for female aviators including for duration flying, distance, and a record time for a solo flight across the South Atlantic. Her performances earned her the Harmon Trophy in 1931. In 1935 she founded her own flying school at Orly Airport.
Maryse Bastié served in the French Air Force, rising to the rank of Captain while logging more than 3.000 hours flying time. The government of France made her a Commander of the Legion of Honor. In 1937, she published her story under the title "Ailes ouvertes : carnet d'une aviatrice".
On July 6, 1952, following a conference in Lyon, Maryse Bastié was killed when her plane crashed during take off. She is buried in the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.
Posthumous honors.
The "Lycée professionnel régional Maryse Bastié" in Hayange-Marspich, the 
"Lycée Maryse Bastié" in Limoges, and the "College Maryse Bastié" in Reims are named in her memory. The Real Estate Services division of aircraft maker Bombardier Inc. named a street in her honor in Saint-Laurent, Quebec as did the French cities of Anglet, Bron, Haguenau and Lyon.
In 1955, the Government of France honored Maryse Bastié with her image on an airmail postage stamp.
There is a memorial to Maryse Bastile in the west of Paris in a small park of the Boulevard du Garigliano M. Valin not far from the Seine.

</doc>
<doc id="6003164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003164" title="Trendelburg">
Trendelburg

Trendelburg is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany with a population of 5,282 on 30 September 2009. It is situated on the river Diemel, north of Kassel.
The town is twinned with Pocklington, England.
Trendelburg is located on the German Timber-Frame Road.

</doc>
<doc id="6003167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003167" title="Transactions of the American Philological Association">
Transactions of the American Philological Association

Transactions of the American Philological Association is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1869 and the official publication of the American Philological Association. It covers the history, culture, and language of ancient Greek and Roman societies. The journal is published biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="6003173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003173" title="Donald Ray Snodgrass">
Donald Ray Snodgrass

Donald Ray Snodgrass (born December 20, 1935) is an American author.
Snodgrass was born in Akron, Ohio. He is the son of Clare Berkeley and Louise (Scala) Snodgrass. He received a Ph.D. in 1962 from Oxford University.

</doc>
<doc id="6003182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003182" title="Khakee">
Khakee

Khakee (English: The Brown Uniform) is a 2004 Indian action drama thriller film directed by Rajkumar Santoshi and written by Santoshi and Shridhar Raghavan. The film tells the story of an Indian police team set out on a dangerous mission to transfer an accused Pakistani spy from a remote town in Maharashtra to Mumbai.
The film stars an ensemble cast including Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, Ajay Devgan, Atul Kulkarni, Prakash Raj, Aishwarya Rai, Tusshar Kapoor, Tanuja and Jaya Pradha. Lara Dutta appears in an item number during the song "Aisa Jadoo." The film released on 23 January 2004 to widespread critical acclaim and went on to became one of the highest-grossing films of the year. It is regarded as one of Santoshi's best films till date.
Plot.
The entire film is presented as a flashback by Sub-Inspector Ashwin Gupte (Tusshar Kapoor).
The Maharashtra police seizes large quantity of arms from the house of Dr. Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni), a physician from the riot-torn region of Chandangarh. The officials conclude that he is an agent of Pakistan intelligence agency collaborating with terrorists. Ansari is arrested as per Prevention of Terrorism Act, 2002 and will be presented before a special court in Mumbai. But, the convoy of police vehicles bringing Ansari from Chandangarh is ambushed by an unknown group. The police somehow manages to save the accused's life, but suffer heavy casualties. The group, led by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan), a ruthless killer and former police officer, seems determined to free Dr. Iqbal Ansari from the government custody.
Minister Deodhar (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), a high-ranking politician in Maharashtra who represents Chandangarh, accuses Pakistan of "proxy-war" against India through the communal riots and the ambush on police forces. The police chief decides to send a team of five police officers to bring the accused to Mumbai so that he may appear in court for the hearing. The leader of the team, Deputy Commissioner of Police Anant Shrivastav (Amitabh Bachchan), is a policeman on the verge of retiring from his failing career, possibly because he never succumbed to corruption and other personal interests. He accepts the mission, thinking that he will finally be recognized and finish his career by being promoted to Additional Commissioner of Police. DCP Shrivastav's team consists of Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma (Akshay Kumar), a corrupt, morally bankrupt cop, rookie Sub-Inspector Ashwin Gupte (Tusshar Kapoor) and two constables, Kamlesh Sawant and Gajanan Mhatre. A woman named Mahalakshmi (Aishwarya Rai) joins them for her protection, as she is the only witness to have seen Yashwant Angre.
The team is armed with traditional Indian police weapons and ready to go, but danger lurks everywhere as the gang is determined to make sure the police team and Iqbal Ansari does not make it to Mumbai. The mission turns into a battle for survival when the team is attacked at various points during the journey through arid landscapes and tiny villages of rural Maharashtra. When the team reaches an abandoned cottage in a forest en route, there is another shoot-out with gang members and the team finds itself heavily outnumbered. Against DCP Anant Shrivastav and Inspector Ashwin Gupte's judgment, Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma tries to force an exchange of Dr. Iqbal Ansari in return for their lives. At this point, Dr. Ansari breaks down and reveals that the gang is not planning on freeing him, but instead on killing him after their use. He goes on to reveal that he knows the whereabouts of a certain file which will reveal the true face of Minister Deodhar. The file with Dr. Iqbal Ansari's testimony could bring the politician to court who built his career on inciting Hindu-Muslim religious antagonisms. So, it is Minister Deodhar who is using the gang under Yashwant Angre to obtain the file. Dr. Ansari was framed as an "Islamic terrorist" when he threatened to expose the file. At this point, Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma's intentions change dramatically and he plans an escape from the cottage. The plan is successful and they manage to get out and get Ansari, who is fatally injured in the encounter with the gang, to a nearby hospital in the fictitious city of Nairoli. DCP Shrivastav figures out that AdCP Naidu (Prakash Raj), who is DCP Anant Shrivastav's senior, was the mole leaking the information about their whereabouts to the gang.
At this point, Minister Deodhar, the politician using the organization lead by Yashwant Angre, and ACP Naidu come up with a plan to turn citizens against the police team by declaring in a press conference that the police team has gone "rogue" and is now protecting Dr. Iqbal Ansari on the directions of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence. Seeing the news on television, several locals gather at the hospital and threaten to barge inside. DCP Anant Shrivastav confronts them and urges them to have faith in his team, and not go by what they hear in media.
The police team then commissions a train to take them from Nairoli Railway Station to Mumbai. However, once again the gang arrives at the station and there is another shoot-out. The cops manage to get Ansari on board the train, but Constable Kamlesh Sawant dies trying to divert the attention of the gunmen. After reaching Mumbai, Dr. Iqbal Ansari is again taken to a hospital, where he is declared dead. This is a severe jolt to the efforts and reputation of DCP Shrivastav's team. 
However, the team manage to unearth another piece of evidence against Minister Deodhar and AdCP Naidu; the old file containing incriminating details against them, hidden away by a now-killed journalist in a locker in Mumbai's General Post Office. Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma and Mahalakshmi (who is now his girlfriend) manage to find the file, but Yashwant Angre confronts them as they attempt to leave. Shekhar Verma gives the file to Mahalakshmi and asks her to take it to DCP Anant Shrivastav, and engages Yashwant Angre and his men to allow her to escape. At this point, it is revealed that Mahalakshmi is actually an agent of Yashwant Angre, her mission being to leak the whereabouts of the file to the police team and collect information on their plans to retrieve it. Mahalakshmi kills Shekhar Verma, who believed she was in love with him— but not before exposing Mahalakshmi's reality to DCP Shrivastav, unbeknownst to her and Yashwant Angre. DCP Shrivastav and his team hunt down Angre by following Mahalakshmi, and capture him after a fight. Mahalakshmi is killed during the encounter, when Angre uses her as a protective shield against the gunfire. The police are also able to retrieve the file indicting Deodhar.
Armed with compelling evidence from the file, the court is able to convict Yashwant Angre, Minister Deodhar, and ACP Naidu. On the way to prison in a police van, Angre sees that the bolts holding his handcuffs are actually loose. Breaking free, he grabs a rifle and attacks the constables in the van. Sub-Inspector Ashwin jumps out of the van to find Angre holding a constable hostage. Angre goes to shoot Ashwin and the constable, but only then he notices that the gun has no bullets and surrenders to the cops. Ashwin then takes out his pistol and shoots Angre twice, and shows him the screws of the bolts, indicating that they were purposely removed. He then shoots Angre with his gun. The film ends with Sub-Inspector Ashwin ringing the department and informing them that a convict was killed in an encounter while trying to fire at the policemen in an attempt to escape from custody.
Production.
The film was shot in various parts of Maharashtra, including Mumbai and Nashik. The fictional city of "Nairoli" shown in the film is actually the city of Apta near Panvel. The railway station of Apta was rechristened as Nairoli for the scene featuring the shoot-out at the station.
Ram Sampath composed the music for the film, with lyrics by Sameer.
Akshaye Khanna was originally supposed to play the role which Tushaar Kapoor played. Ajay Devgan was the first choice for the role of Yashwant Angre, making it his second role as a villain.
Reception.
"Khakee" met with very positive reviews and outstanding performances from all the lead actors. The Hindu mentioned "It's the director's show all the way. 'Khakee' is great evidence of what smart writing can do to a film - the duo of Rajkumar Santoshi and Shridhar Raghavan, deserve all the credit for packing the punches the film delivers. A little pace is lost in the second half because of the dialogues, song and dance, but thanks to high production values and charismatic star appeal, you really don't feel the length - 2 hours and 54 minutes. An aging Amitabh Bachchan is first rate with his trademark delivery. Akshay Kumar provides the comic relief with his 'I'm cool' flirtatious attempts to woo Aishwarya and Tusshar plays the foil to his seniors - a neat essay". Sukanya Verma from Rediff said "What I also like about Khakee is that every actor, big or small (in terms of footage), good or bad (in terms of character) has that one defining moment on screen. Khakee is a smart film. It makes you think. It keeps you at the edge of your seat. It gives you your money's worth. What more do you want.
Bollywood Hungama gave a four stars explains " One wouldn't call KHAKEE the best script Santoshi has tackled, but it certainly would rank amongst the best. Another aspect that enhances the film is the dialogues (Rajkumar Santoshi), which will be met with a thunderous applause at various junctures of the film. Santoshi has a knack for extracting wonderful performances from the cast. Amitabh Bachchan delivers one of the best performances of his career. He has some of the toughest scenes in the film. In fact, a lesser actor would've failed to do justice to the role. But Bachchan's expressions, voice and movement bring the character to life. Akshay Kumar is fantastic. Ajay Devgan adds yet another feather in his cap with a performance that could've been essayed only by a master performer. Aishwarya Rai gets a role to prove her talent and she more than lives up to the expectations. Tusshar may not have many lines to deliver, but his presence and expressions register a strong impact".
Derek Elley from Variety magazine stated "The testosterone's so high you can almost put a match to it in "Khakee," a twist-filled, often very violent drama centered on some cops escorting a terrorist cross-country to Mumbai. Powerhouse casting, and equally powerhouse direction by Rajkumar Santoshi, makes this an above-average example of mainstream Bollywood thrillers, sans any stylistic flourishes. Given its paucity of musical numbers and romance, this one could have a career on ancillary among general action buffs".
The film was nominated for four Filmfare Awards, including Best Director for Santoshi, Best Actor for Bachchan, Best Supporting Actor for Kumar, and Best Villain for Devgn.
Soundtrack.
The music is composed by Ram Sampath. Lyrics are penned by Sameer. Rajkumar Santoshi wanted A. R. Rahman to compose the music for the film; but the latter did not sign the project due to other commitments. Hence Sampath was selected after an audition.
Remake.
The film was later remade in Telugu as "Satyameva Jeyathe".

</doc>
<doc id="6003185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003185" title="North Dorset District Council elections">
North Dorset District Council elections

North Dorset Council is elected every four years.
Political control.
Independent 1973 - 1995
Liberal Democrat 1995 - 1999
No overall control 1999 - 2007
Conservative 2007 - present

</doc>
<doc id="6003190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003190" title="Bay Area Medical Center">
Bay Area Medical Center

Bay Area Medical Center is a 99-bed general acute care hospital located in Marinette, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="6003196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003196" title="Daniel Mögling">
Daniel Mögling

Daniel Mögling born 1596 in Böblingen, died 1635 in Butzbach, was an alchemist and a Rosicrucian. He was personal physician and court astronomer to Philip III, Landgrave of Hesse-Butzbach from 1621 to 1635.
He is believed to have written "Speculum Sophicum Rhodostauroticum" ("The Mirror of the Wisdom of the Rosy Cross"), in 1618 under the pseudonym Teophilus Schweighardt Constantiens and "Jhesus Nobis Omnia – Rosa Florescens" (1617) under the pseudonym Florentinus de Valentia.
He translated Philip Sidney's novel "Arcadia" into German language.

</doc>
<doc id="6003200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003200" title="Treuen">
Treuen

Treuen is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 13 km east of Plauen, and 7 km northwest of Auerbach (Vogtland).

</doc>
<doc id="6003202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003202" title="Would-Be-Goods">
Would-Be-Goods

Would-be-goods are a British indie pop band fronted by singer Jessica Griffin, noted for her precise received pronunciation accent when singing (very rare in British pop music generally). Their name was inspired by the 1901 novel, The Wouldbegoods, by children's author, E. Nesbit.
Career.
On her first album, released on the él label, Griffin had no band of her own, and was backed by members of The Monochrome Set. "The Camera Loves Me" was critically acclaimed in the UK and Japan. In 1993 Griffin worked with the Monochrome Set on a second album, "Mondo", produced by Monochrome Set singer Bid and released on the Japanese label Polystar. This album was later released in the UK on the Cherry Red label.
Peter Momtchiloff, formerly of Talulah Gosh, Heavenly, and Marine Research and guitarist in Scarlet's Well, joined the band as lead guitarist and bassist in 1999. Two EPs, "Emmanuelle Béart" and "Sugar Mummy", were released in 2001 and 2002 respectively, followed by a new album, "Brief Lives", a joint release by US label Matinée Recordings and UK-based Fortuna Pop!. By this time two new members had joined the band: Deborah Green (former member of Thee Headcoatees) on drums and Lupe Nuñez-Fernandez on bass. After the band recorded a fourth album, "The Morning After", in 2004, Nuñez-Fernandez left to concentrate on touring and recording with her own band Pipas and was replaced by Andy Warren, former member of Adam and the Ants and The Monochrome Set. Would-be-goods' fifth album, "Eventyr", was released in November 2008.
Would-be-goods have performed live in the United States, Spain, Sweden, Finland, Denmark and France as well as the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6003204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003204" title="Cirò Marina">
Cirò Marina

Cirò Marina is a "comune" and town with a population of 14,000 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
History.
Ciro Marina was conquered by the Spanish in the 16th century.
Economy.
Ciro Marina relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses and intense breeding of cattle.
Ciro Marina's natural resources are the beaches and its historical sites which have yet to be exploited and adds benefits to the town's economy.

</doc>
<doc id="6003214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003214" title="Smash Hits (TV channel)">
Smash Hits (TV channel)

Smash Hits is a British commercial television channel provided by Box Television. The channel broadcasts general pop music in shows such as Chartbusters, which is recent music and Pop Domination, which is new and old music. It also shows other programmes such as themed countdowns and charts such as Top 50 Boy Bands. The channel also has hours dedicated to a particular artist or band such as Pussycat Dolls: Ultimate 10. It is based on the former Smash Hits Magazine, which was owned by EMAP.
The channel is available on a number of platforms including Sky and Virgin Media. It is part of a network of channels owned by Box Television, which include 4Music, Kerrang!, Kiss, Heat, The Box, and Magic. On 2 April 2013, all Box Television channels went free-to-air on satellite, apart from 4Music which went free-to-view. As a result the channels were removed from the Sky EPG in Ireland. However, Smash Hits launched on Freesat on 15 April 2013, alongside three other Box Television channels.
"Smash Hits TV" was also the name given to a spin off TV show broadcast on Sky One in 2001.
It used to broadcast general mainstream pop music on a "jukebox" system, where viewers had to call a premium rate telephone number to select a music video to play.

</doc>
<doc id="6003221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003221" title="Marion A. Parrott">
Marion A. Parrott

Marion Arendell Parrott (23 August 1918 – 27 October 2000) was an American lawyer.
Early years and wartime activities.
Marion Arendell Parrott was the second son of William Thomas and Jeanette Johnson Parrott from Kinston, North Carolina, and a first cousin to George Parrott. Parrott graduated in 1939 from The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, and then from the University of North Carolina School of Law. He served during World War II as a paratrooper with the United States Army 101st Airborne Division. He took part in the Battle of Normandy early on June 6, 1944 (D-Day). Two weeks later, he was captured in northern France, and imprisoned in Szubin, Poland. On Christmas 1944, he escaped from the prison camp made his way to Russia. From there he returned to his unit in France and took part in the final advance into Germany at war’s end, at which point he was discharged as a Major.
Career.
Parrott was a former member of the North Carolina General Assembly, where he was chairman of the Committee on Constitutional Amendments, and one of the founders of Arendell Parrott Academy, which was named for his son who died in 1961, and served as its first president. He also served as a director of the controversial Pioneer Fund from 1973 to 2000. In a recent history of the press coverage of the U.S. civil rights movement, Parrott is described as a "white supremacist who wanted to mount a challenge to the Daniels family's "Raleigh News & Observer"." He was unsuccessful in convincing Tom Waring, another segrationist and a South Carolina journalist, to found a competing newspaper. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003224" title="Cotronei">
Cotronei

Cotronei is a "comune" and town with a population of 5525 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
It's the home town of Giovanni Tallarico, grandfather of Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler.
Economy.
Cotronei relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses, and the intense breeding of cattle. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003241" title="List of people pardoned by George H. W. Bush">
List of people pardoned by George H. W. Bush

The following is a list of the 75 pardons and 3 commutations by President George H. W. Bush. The list is organized by the date on which President George H. W. Bush granted the pardon or commutation.
This list is a subset of the list of people pardoned by a United States president.
Definitions.
A "pardon" means an executive order vacating a conviction.
A "commutation" means a mitigation of the sentence of someone currently serving a sentence for a crime pursuant to a conviction, without vacating the conviction itself.
References.
General references:
Specific references:

</doc>
<doc id="6003244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003244" title="Joy Allen">
Joy Allen

Joy Allen (born in Werrington, Cambridgeshire) is an English actress.
Early life.
Allen was born in Werrington, Cambridgeshire. She trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Career.
She has appeared in several television roles including in "Dad's Army", "Are You Being Served?", "Archie Bunker's Place", "Oh, Doctor Beeching!" and "'Allo 'Allo!".

</doc>
<doc id="6003254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003254" title="Granger Junior High School">
Granger Junior High School

Granger Junior High School is a public middle school in National City, California, that teaches grades 7–9. Students can participate in several clubs that include the triple S club (Surf, Skate, Snowboard), Huck fin, Link Crew, A.A.S.U., and AVID.
Recent History:
In 2003, Granger Jr. High's API stood at 603, which ranked as a 3 out of 10 in the state and a 5 out of 10 in similar schools, both the lowest in the Sweetwater District that year among middle schools. The fall of 2003 was the beginning when several changes took place at Granger that allowed many students to become more successful. In 2006, Granger became the first school in San Diego County to place all 8th graders in Algebra or Geometry. Also that year, all 9th graders were required to take a Biology course. These were just two examples of how the staff at Granger continued to challenge the rigor for students. The students would respond. In 2010, Granger was recognized and still has the title as a California School to Watch, due to their achievements in academics and the effectiveness of their after school program. The free or reduced lunch rate at Granger that year was 92%, highest in the Sweetwater Union High School District. Despite this obstacle, their API scores topped the majority of other schools in the district, including schools in more affluent neighborhoods such as Hilltop (42% free or reduced) and Bonita Middle School (18% free or reduced).
More Accomplishments:
From then until now, their API has risen up to 831 in 2012, which ranks as a 7 out of 10 in the state. This is the single largest API improvement over the last 8–9 years in the state of California out of any secondary school that serves grades 7-12. Granger Junior High is also the only secondary school that has achieved a 10 out of 10 in similar schools ranking for 4 straight years (since 2008-2009) among secondary schools in the majority of school districts in San Diego County. School districts include Cajon Valley, Carlsbad, Coronado, Escondido, Fallbrook, Grossmont, La Mesa-Spring Valley, Lakeside, Lemon Grove, Poway, Ramona, San Diego, Sweetwater, and San Ysidro. In 2013, Granger Junior High was named a re-designated School to Watch in California, and is the only school in San Diego County to be recognized by that title. Also in 2013, Granger Junior High is one of only eight schools in the entire country competing for the Gold Level National Center for Urban School Transformation Award. Several administrators, teachers, support staff, and parent volunteers have arrived or have been hired since 2003, have gone above and beyond expectations, and have been responsible for Granger Junior High Schools great accomplishments and success. They include the following individuals.
Susan Mitchell,
Robert Bleisch,
Richard Grove,
Sean Murphy,
Maria Galleher,
Pete Vedborg, 
Jason Haug,
Derrick Almero,
Carlos Tapia,
Cindy Burge,
Stuart Douglas,
Roufieh Carmody,
Kevin Beiser,
Kari Koch,
Rick Barr,
Sarah Homan,
Miguel Marin,
Jennifer Cisneros,
Rich Mendiola,
Jennifer Lynn,
Lisa Burgess,
Dee Espinoza,
Martha Carranza,
Lee Romero,
Denise Harder,
Juan Ulloa,
Miriam Duggan,
Ruben Baeza
http://gjh.sweetwaterschools.org/
http://ncust.org/wp/awards/
http://www.sweetwaterschools.org/granger-junior-high-takes-center-stage-yet-again/

</doc>
<doc id="6003258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003258" title="HP Memory spot chip">
HP Memory spot chip

The Memory Spot chip is an integrated circuit currently in development by Hewlett-Packard. The chip incorporates a central processing unit, random access memory and a wireless receiver, all bundled together in a device 1.4 or 2 mm².
The research to design and build the chip was done in Hewlett-Packard's laboratory in Bristol.
Hewlett-Packard says that the chip is so small that it can be built into almost any object, and have proposed several possible uses. These include, but are not limited to:
HP claim that once the units are in mass-production, they may cost as little as one dollar each.
No batteries are needed because the chips get their power by induction from the devices which read the data.
Current wireless transfer speeds are 10 Mbit/s.
According to magazine "Popular Science", the devices "can store and transfer up to four megabytes of data" and should be available on store shelves within two years (Mone 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="6003265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003265" title="Tribsees">
Tribsees

Tribsees () is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated 33 km southwest of Stralsund, and 40 km east of Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="6003278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003278" title="Johnny Russell (singer)">
Johnny Russell (singer)

John Bright "Johnny" Russell (January 23, 1940 – July 3, 2001) was an American country singer, songwriter, and comedian best known for his song "Act Naturally", which was made famous by Buck Owens, who recorded it in 1963, and The Beatles in 1965. His songs have been recorded by Burl Ives, Jim Reeves, Jerry Garcia, Dolly Parton, Emmylou Harris, and Linda Ronstadt.
Biography.
Born in Moorhead, Mississippi, he moved with his family at age 11 to Fresno, California, where he began writing songs and entering talent contests while still in high school, graduating in 1958. He had his first song published that year, "In a Mansion Stands My Love," which was recorded by Jim Reeves as the "B" side of his 1960 hit "He'll Have to Go." 
His recording of his song "Rednecks, White Socks, and Blue Ribbon Beer" was his only top 10 hit, peaking at No. 4 on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Singles chart in October 1973. The song was nominated later that year for a Grammy Award. Russell is also known for hits such as "The Baptism of Jesse Taylor," "Catfish John," and "Hello, I Love You."
He is also known for being the first one to record "He Stopped Loving Her Today," in some surveys named as the greatest country song of all time and the biggest hit for George Jones in 1980, but his label refused to release it.
Years later, George Strait topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart with Russell's song "Let's Fall to Pieces Together."
In 1987, Russell hosted his first annual concert in Moorhead, MS at the MS Delta Community College Coliseum. These went on for 13 years, his final on April 29, 2000.
By 2001, Russell's health had been in a state of decline (for years, he had used his obesity as a running joke on the Grand Ole Opry), and in April 2001, both of his legs were amputated because of diabetes. Russell died July 3, 2001 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 61 from diabetes-related complications.

</doc>
<doc id="6003282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003282" title="Atheris anisolepis">
Atheris anisolepis

Atheris anisolepis is a venomous viper species endemic to west central Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Geographic range.
It is found in west central Africa: Gabon, Congo, west DR Congo, north Angola. 
The type locality given is ""d'Alima Lékéti ... Congo (Franceville)"". Broadley (1996:41) limited it to "Alima Leketi, Congo" by lectotype designation.
Taxonomy.
Golay et al. (1993) list this species as a subspecies of "A. squamigera". Lawson and Ustach (2000) go a step further, considering it to be a junior synonym of "A. squamigera". Either way, it is removed from the list of species.

</doc>
<doc id="6003290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003290" title="Triebes">
Triebes

Triebes is a suburb of Zeulenroda-Triebes in Thuringia, Germany.
Triebes was mentioned in a document the first time in 1209. In 2006 Triebes merged with Zeulenroda.

</doc>
<doc id="6003294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003294" title="Jon Snodgrass">
Jon Snodgrass

Jon Snodgrass is a Panamanian author, born on July 27, 1941 in Colón, Panama to John Alphonso and Olivia Jane (Chestnut) Snodgrass. He received Ph.D. Sociology 1972 at the University of Pennsylvania. He is currently working in the Department of Sociology at California State University in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="6003300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003300" title="José Tomás">
José Tomás

José Tomás Pérez Selles (26 August 1934 – 7 August 2001), was a Spanish classical guitarist and teacher. Considered a major influence on the evolution of classical guitar technique in the second half of the 20th century, he trained many guitarists from all over the world. 
Biography.
José Tomás was born in Alicante and began his musical studies with Óscar Esplá. He would later transcribe Esplá's piano suite, "Levante", for the guitar as well as re-discover and transcribe Esplá's previously unknown work, "Tempo di Sonata". The sonata, originally composed for the harp, was given its first performance in 1978 by Tomás himself. Tomás was initially a self-taught guitarist, but then continued his studies with Regino Sainz de la Maza, Emilio Pujol, and Alirio Diaz. On Diaz's recommendation, he went to study with Andrés Segovia in Siena. After Siena he continued his training with Segovia in 1958 and 1959 at "Música en Compostela", and served as Segovia's assistant there. 
In 1961 he won first prize at the "Concurso Internacional de Guitarra" in Orense founded by Segovia, after which he primarily dedicated himself to teaching in his native city, where he was Professor of Guitar at the "Conservatorio Superior de Música "Óscar Esplá"", a post which he held for two decades. From 1964 until the mid-1970s, he also took over from Segovia as director of "Música en Compostela". 
As a concert performer, Tomás was known for his enviable sound and interpretative skill. He was also known for his transcriptions, especially those of scores from the Renaissance and Baroque eras. This in turn led him to adopt an eight string guitar, developed for him by José Ramírez III. The two extra strings allowed him to play music originally composed for the vihuela and lute on a modern guitar without sacrificing any notes. However, his primary contribution was to guitar pedagogy. "Pragmatic and erudite, but at the same time humble", he received a constant stream of guitarists who visited his home in Alicante seeking his advice. Amongst the classical guitarists who studied with Tomás are David Russell, Raphaella Smits, Thomas Müller-Pering, Ahmet Kanneci, Edson Lopes, Ignacio Rodes, Carles Trepat, Mario Caserta and Edoardo Catemario.
The "Conservatorio Profesional de Música "Guitarrista José Tomás"" in Alicante is named in his honour, as is an international classical guitar competition, the "Concurso Internacional de Guitarra Clásica "José Tomás - Villa de Petrer"".

</doc>
<doc id="6003304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003304" title="Rot">
Rot

Rot or rotting may refer to:
Technology
Places
Other uses

</doc>
<doc id="6003322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003322" title="Klyne Snodgrass">
Klyne Snodgrass

Klyne Ryland Snodgrass (born December 28, 1944) is an American theologian, author and professor of New Testament Studies at the North Park Theological Seminary in Chicago, Illinois. His publication "Stories with Intent: A Comprehensive Guide to the Parables of Jesus" garnered a 2009 "Christianity Today" Book Award.
Education and background.
Snodgrass earned his B.A. from Columbia Bible College, his M.Div. from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, and his Ph.D. in 1973 from the University of St. Andrews, Scotland, where he completed a dissertation on "The Christological Stone Testimonia in the New Testament." He taught at Georgetown College in Kentucky from 1973 to 1974, when he joined the faculty of North Park Theological Seminary. From 1988 to 1993, he served as dean of faculty there, and currently holds the Paul W. Brandel Chair of New Testament Studies.
Snodgrass is ordained by the Southern Baptist Convention and has been a visiting scholar at Tyndale House, Cambridge, Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, the University of Tübingen, Princeton Theological Seminary, and Duke Divinity School.

</doc>
<doc id="6003324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003324" title="Triptis">
Triptis

Triptis is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 22 km southwest of Gera.

</doc>
<doc id="6003326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003326" title="Lewis William Walt">
Lewis William Walt

Lewis William Walt (February 16, 1913 – March 26, 1989), also known as Lew Walt, was a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general who had served in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. During World War II he was awarded two Navy Crosses for extraordinary heroism, one for leading the attack on "Aogiri Ridge" during the Battle of Cape Gloucester (New Britain); the ridge was renamed "Walt's Ridge" in his honor.
Biography.
Lewis William Walt was born on February 16, 1913, in Wabaunsee County, Kansas. He graduated from high school in Fort Collins, Colorado. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry at Colorado State University in 1936. Highlights of his student activities include: honor graduate, President of Student Body and Student Council, Captain of football team and wrestling team, Cadet Colonel of the ROTC, President of chemistry club and Captain of Scabbard and Blade. He enlisted in the Colorado National Guard at the age of 17. Upon graduation he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Army Field Artillery Reserve, but resigned that commission to accept an appointment as a Marine second lieutenant on July 6, 1936.
Lieutenant Walt completed The Basic School at Philadelphia, and in April 1937 was assigned to the 6th Marine Regiment in San Diego, California as a machine gun platoon leader. Embarking for China in August 1937, he took part in the defense of the International Settlement of Shanghai until February 1938, at which time he returned to San Diego. In June 1939, he began his second tour of overseas duty when he was assigned to the Marine Barracks, Guam, Mariana Islands. He was promoted to first lieutenant in October 1939.
Returning to the United States in June 1941, shortly before his country's entry into World War II, Lieutenant Walt was assigned as a company commander in the Office Candidates' Class, Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, Virginia. He was promoted to captain in December 1941.
The general's first marriage, to Nancy Joy Peoples, the daughter of a US Navy captain, ended in divorce. They had one daughter, Nancy Joy Wonnacott Witte who is still living. His second marriage to Nancy Mary Sheehan, an Army nurse he met in World War II, ended in divorce. He is survived by his second wife, June Burkett Jacobsen Walt, and two sons and a daughter by his first marriage, Lewis W. Walt Jr., Lawrence C. Walt and Mary K. Martin.
World War II.
Early in 1942, Captain Walt volunteered to join the 1st Marine Raider Battalion, and in April 1942 arrived with the battalion on Samoa. On August 7, 1942, as commander of Company A, 1st Raider Battalion, he landed his company in the assault on Tulagi Island in the British Solomon Islands. He was awarded the Silver Star Medal for conspicuous gallantry during this landing. Following this action, he joined the 5th Marines on Guadalcanal where he took part in combat as Commanding Officer of the 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines. He was promoted to major in September 1942.
In October 1942, as Battalion Commander, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, Major Walt was wounded in action but continued in combat. On December 22, 1942, he was spot promoted to lieutenant colonel for distinguished leadership and gallantry in action during the Guadalcanal campaign.
In December 1943, following hospitalization and training in Australia, Lieutenant Colonel Walt led the 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines, in the assault at Cape Gloucester, New Britain, and shortly thereafter was assigned as Regimental Executive Officer. In the middle of this campaign he was ordered to take over command of the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, during the intense battle for Aogiri Ridge. During this action, he earned his first Navy Cross and Aogiri Ridge was named "Walt Ridge" in his honor by General Lemuel C. Shepherd, Jr., 1st Marine Division Assistant Commander. Departing Cape Gloucester in late February 1944, Lieutenant Colonel Walt was ordered to the Naval Hospital, Oakland, California, for treatment of wounds and malaria.
In June 1944, he returned to the Pacific theater. That September, he landed with the Marine force on Peleliu as Regimental Executive Officer, 5th Marines. On the first day of the battle, he was again ordered to take command of 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines after the battalion's commanding officer and executive officer became casualties. After nightfall on the first day of the battle, three of the battalion's companies had failed to make contact with the command post and their exact whereabouts were unknown. At great risk to himself, Lieutenant Colonel Walt ventured out into enemy-infested territory in the dark of night, accompanied by one Marine, and proceeded to locate the missing companies and direct them to their correct position along the divisional line. For these actions, Lieutenant Colonel Walt was awarded his second Navy Cross for gallantry in action.
In November 1944, Lieutenant Colonel Walt returned to the United States, and the following month assumed duty at Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, as Chief of the Marine Officer Candidates' School Tactics Section.
Interwar years.
Assigned to Camp Pendleton in January 1947, Lieutenant Colonel Walt served as Assistant Chief of Staff, G-3, 3rd Marine Brigade, and then as G-3, 1st Marine Division. In November 1947, he assumed duty as Operations and Training Officer, 1st Provisional Marine Brigade on Guam, and later served as Chief of Staff of that organization from February to April 1949. Returning to Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, in May 1949, he saw duty as a battalion commander with the Special Training Regiment; and in September, he entered the Amphibious Warfare School, Senior Course. On completing the course in June 1950, he remained at Marine Corps Schools to serve as Chief of Tactics Section, S-3, and finally, Executive Officer, The Basic School. He was promoted to colonel in November 1951.
Korean War.
Colonel Walt was ordered to Korea in November 1952. He was in combat with the 1st Marine Division until August 1953, serving consecutively as Commanding Officer, 5th Marines, Assistant Chief of Staff, G-3, and Chief of Staff of the Division. He received both the Legion of Merit with Combat "V" and the Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V", for exceptionally meritorious service during this assignment. The Republic of Korea government also awarded Colonel Walt the Ulchi Medal and the Ulchi Medal with Silver Star for this period of service.
Post-Korea.
On arrival at Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, in August 1953, Colonel Walt saw duty as Director, Advanced Base Problem Section, Marine Corps Educational Center, through May 1954, followed by duty as Commanding Officer, Officers' Basic School, until August 1956. He also served as a Member of the Advanced Research Group, Marine Corps Educational Center, until June 1957.
Transferred to Washington, D.C., Colonel Walt served as Assistant Director of Personnel until August 1959, then entered the National War College, Washington, D.C.. He completed the course in June 1960.
In July 1960, Colonel Walt began a one-year assignment as Marine Corps Representative on the Joint Advanced Study Group of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Upon completing this assignment, he was promoted to brigadier general and reported for duty at Camp Lejeune as Assistant Division Commander, 2nd Marine Division. In September 1962, General Walt returned to Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, serving as Director of the Marine Corps Landing Force Development Center there until May 1965.
Vietnam War.
That same month, he was promoted to major general, and in June 1965 assumed command of III Marine Amphibious Force and 3rd Marine Division in Vietnam. He was also Chief of Naval Forces, Vietnam and Senior Advisor, I Corps and I Corps Coordinator, Republic of Vietnam.
Ten months later, General Walt was nominated for lieutenant general by President Lyndon B. Johnson, and his promotion was approved by the Senate on March 7, 1966. He continued in Vietnam as Commanding General, III Marine Amphibious Force, and Senior Advisor, I Corps and I Corps Coordinator, Republic of Vietnam. During this period, General Walt was awarded his first Distinguished Service Medal. In addition, the Vietnamese government awarded General Walt the Vietnamese National Order, 3rd Class; the Vietnamese National Order, 4th Class; the Gallantry Cross with Palm; the Chuong My Medal, and the Vietnamese Armed Forces Meritorious Unit Citation of Gallantry Cross with Palm. He was also awarded the senior Ulchi Medal by the Government of South Korea.
As a testament to his vital role in Vietnam, "Life" magazine featured General Walt in a May 1967 cover story. The article noted the success of an innovative program initiated by General Walt in August 1965 called the Combined Action Program (CAP). This program consisted of squads of Marine and Navy medical corpsmen volunteers for combined action platoons (CAP), that were part of combined action companies (CAC), combined with South Vietnamese Popular Force platoons, which were sent into South Vietnamese countryside villages and hamlets to deny the Vietcong access to the people living there. As "Life" noted, "His CAC units all had the same orders: help protect the villages, get to know the people, find the local Communist infrastructure and put it out of business." General Walt stressed the importance of using combine action companies to win the confidence of average, ordinary Vietnamese citizens. The magazine observed, "If these people could be located and won over, Walt argued, the Communists would be hit where it hurts." Because of the Combined Action Program, the number of "secure" villages under General Walt's protection rose between 1965 and 1967 from 87 to 197, while the number of Vietnamese living in "secure" areas in general rose from 413,000 to 1.1 million.
Assistant Commandant.
Upon his return to the United States, General Walt saw duty from June 1967 until the following December as Deputy Chief of Staff (Manpower)/Director of Personnel, at Headquarters Marine Corps. On January 1, 1968, he was designated Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps.
In April 1969, the Senate passed and sent to the White House a bill to make the Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps a four-star general when the active duty strength of the Marine Corps exceeds 200,000. On May 5, President Richard M. Nixon signed the bill, and General Walt was promoted to four-star rank on June 2, 1969, thus becoming the first Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps to attain that rank.
While visiting the Taiwan Defense Command in April 1970, General Walt was presented the Order of the Cloud and Banner with Grand Cordon, by General Kao Kuei-yuan of the Republic of China. Presented by the Chief of the General Staff, the citation recognized the Assistant Commandant's "exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding service to the Chinese Marine Corps." The citation noted that General Walt had "contributed immensely in the furtherance of military cooperation and traditional friendship between the United States of America and the Republic of China."
Retirement.
General Walt retired from active duty on February 1, 1971 and subsequently served as Director of the United States Marines Youth Foundation. He later coordinated a U.S. Senate investigation on international drug trafficking. In the mid-1970s General Walt served as the senior military member of President Gerald Ford's clemency board, and he later advised the Department of Defense on weapons development and combat training.
General Walt died on March 26, 1989 at a retirement home in Gulfport, Miss., after a long illness and is buried in Quantico National Cemetery.
General Walt, who wrote three books after retiring from the Marine Corps, described the contradictions of the Vietnam War in an article for The New York Times in 1971. "On the one hand it was an extremely sophisticated war, with complex weapons unlike even World War II or Korea," he wrote. "On the other hand it was a return to medieval war, pitting man against man on a battleground where only the courageous could win." News Media Role Cited
General Walt's three books were "Strange War, Strange Strategy," about the war in Vietnam; "America Faces Defeat," about the dangers confronting the nation; and "The Eleventh Hour," about the urgency of the nation's problems.
Awards and decorations.
General Walt's military awards include: 
External links.
, 2nd class

</doc>
<doc id="6003327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003327" title="Megargel Independent School District">
Megargel Independent School District

Megargel Independent School District was a school district headquartered in Megargel, Texas (USA). The district had one school called the Megargel School.
The district served portions of Archer County, including the town of Megargel. The district also served portions of Baylor County, Throckmorton County, and Young County.
The school distrist had 2 schools:
Megargle School: Pre-School to 6th Grade
Megargle High School: 7th Grade to 12th Grade
History.
The last Megargel school building opened in 1927. The campus, compared to other schools, was outdated by 2006. The gymnasium, which resembled an airplane hangar, did not have air conditioning. The classrooms were heated with propane space heaters. The building contained coal chutes. The wood floors in the building were creaky.
In the 2000s, when the school was still open, it attracted troubled teenagers from nearby school districts because of its small class sizes.
Closure.
The April 11, 2006 issue of the "Dallas Morning News" featured the Megargel School in a front page article. The school (along with the town) had declined for years, and was running out of funds.
After looking at what consolidation options were available with neighboring districts, the school board voted to consolidate with Olney Independent School District in Olney, Texas (about 12 miles southeast), subject to voter approval on May 13, 2006. Proponents argued that the school (which had 63 students, including only one in the seventh grade) simply could not continue to function, and consolidation with the neighboring district (which has nearly 800 students) will provide more opportunities for educational achievement. Opponents feared that closure of the school would cause the town to disappear.
The vote (which required approval of the voters in both districts) was 89% in favor of consolidation. The school and district closed after the school year ended. Olney ISD announced plans to hire former Megargel ISD employees.

</doc>
<doc id="6003329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003329" title="Division No. 9, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Division No. 9, Newfoundland and Labrador

Census Division No. 9 is composed of the area of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador called the Northern Peninsula. It has a land area of 13,526.85 km² (5,222.75 sq mi) and had a population of 16,786 at the 2011 census. The largest community is the town of St. Anthony, near its northern tip, on the Atlantic Ocean coast.

</doc>
<doc id="6003331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003331" title="1994 Minnesota Twins season">
1994 Minnesota Twins season

The 1994 Minnesota Twins played in an abbreviated, strike-shortened season. The strike overshadowed the season’s accomplishments. These included Scott Erickson’s no-hitter on April 27, Chuck Knoblauch’s 85-game errorless streak and league-leading 45 doubles, Kirby Puckett’s 2,000th hit, and Kent Hrbek’s retirement. In 113 games, Manager Tom Kelly’s team finished with a record of 53-60, for fourth place in the newly created American League Central Division.
Regular season.
By Friday, August 12, the Twins had compiled a 53-60 record through 113 games. They had scored 594 runs (5.26 per game) and allowed 688 runs (6.09 per game).
Throughout the strike-shortened season, the Twins pitching staff struggled and finished with a 5.68 ERA: the highest in the Majors. In 1,005.0 innings pitched, they gave up 1,197 hits and 634 earned runs: the most among all 28 teams. They did, however, issue the fewest intentional walks in the Majors, with 20.
Offense.
Despite the short season, Kirby Puckett managed to belt 20 home runs and drive in 112 runs. Outfielder Shane Mack had a solid year in his last year with the Twins, batting .333. Knoblauch and outfielder Alex Cole lit up the base paths, stealing 35 and 29 bases, respectively. Designated hitter Dave Winfield had a mediocre year in his last season with his hometown team. (He would play in 46 games for the Cleveland Indians in 1995 before announcing his retirement.)
Pitching.
The starting rotation was not a strong one, although the starters at least started consistently every fifth day, unlike in subsequent years for the Twins. Jim Deshaies, Kevin Tapani, Scott Erickson, Pat Mahomes, and Carlos Pulido started all but six games for the team. Despite the no-hitter, Erickson's year was disappointing, as he posted a 5.44 ERA. Rick Aguilera continued to be a reliable closer while the only reliable arm out of the bullpen was Kevin Campbell with an ERA of 2.92.
Defense.
Matt Walbeck and Derek Parks were a strong 1-2 punch at catcher, at least defensively. (Both had .993 fielding percentages.) Kent Hrbek ended his career with a solid one defensively with a .997 average. As mentioned, Knoblauch excelled defensively at this point in his career. Scott Leius and Pat Meares were defensively average on the left side of the infield. Puckett and Mack were strong in the outfield, while Alex Cole was average. Pedro Muñoz also saw substantial time in the outfield.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"

</doc>
<doc id="6003339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003339" title="Trochtelfingen">
Trochtelfingen

Trochtelfingen is a town in the district of Reutlingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 20 km south of Reutlingen.

</doc>
<doc id="6003356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003356" title="Strongoli">
Strongoli

Strongoli is a "comune" and town with a population of over 6000 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
History.
In antiquity, Strongoli was the site of Petelia, said to have been founded by Philoctetes.
It is the birthplace of Italian baroque composer Leonardo Vinci.
Economy.
Strongoli relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses, and the intense the breeding of the cattle. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003358" title="The Witness for the Prosecution">
The Witness for the Prosecution

"The Witness for the Prosecution" is a famous short story and play by Agatha Christie. The story was initially published as "Traitor Hands" in "Flynn's Weekly" edition of 31 January 1925. In 1933, the story was published for the first time in the collection "The Hound of Death" that appeared only in the United Kingdom. The American audience had to wait until 1948 when it was included in the collection "The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories".
Plot.
Leonard Vole is arrested for the murder of a wealthy older widow, named Emily French.
Since Mrs. French made him her principal heir, not aware that he was a married man, things look bad for Leonard's defense. But the final blow comes when his wife, Romaine, agrees to testify, not in Leonard's defense, but as a witness for the prosecution. Through a complicated and elaborate plan, Romaine was in fact working to free her husband all along. By first giving the prosecution its strongest evidence and then arranging for new evidence to come to light that discredits her testimony, it is more likely that Leonard will be acquitted than if she was simply a defense witness. It is then revealed that Leonard Vole actually did kill Emily French.
Plot alteration.
The original story ended abruptly with the major twist, Mrs. Vole's revelation that her husband was indeed guilty. Over time, Agatha Christie grew dissatisfied with this ending (one of the few Christie endings in which a murderer escapes punishment), and, in her subsequent rewriting of the story as a play, added a mistress for Leonard, who appears at the end of the play. The mistress and Leonard are about to leave Romaine (called "Christine" in the stage, film and television versions) to be arrested for perjury, when Romaine grabs a knife and stabs Leonard dead.
The play was also made into a 1957 film, starring Charles Laughton as Sir Wilfrid Robarts and Marlene Dietrich as Romaine (whose name is changed to "Christine")

</doc>
<doc id="6003367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003367" title="Louise Virginia Snodgrass">
Louise Virginia Snodgrass

Louise Virginia Snodgrass (born June 28, 1942 - died June 12, 2009) was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates, District 3 in Frederick and Washington Counties. She was also Mayor of Middletown from 1988 to 1994.
Background.
Delegate Snodgrass is a former Maryland Delegate known for her representation of rural western Maryland, her representation of small town issues, and her advocacy for special needs issues including the blind and the deaf. Delegate Snodgrass lost reelection in 2002 when her District 3 was redrawn and she was put into District 4A, which only had 2 representatives instead of the 3 that District 3 had.
Education.
Delegate Snodgrass attended Frederick Community College in Frederick, Maryland. She later attended the University of Maryland Dental School in Baltimore, Maryland to become a certified dental assistant.
Career.
After college, Louis Snodgrass was a dental assistant, receiving her certification in 1969. She was a member of the Maryland Dental Assistants Association from 1979 until 1985 and is a past-president. She was also a trustee for the American Dental Assistants Association from 1980 until 1983.
Early Political Activism.
Prior to being elected to the Maryland House of Delegates, Snodgrass was the Burgess (mayor) of the Town of Middletown in Frederick County, Maryland from 1988 until 1994. 
Snodgrass formerly became active in politics when she became a member of Frederick County Republican Central Committee in 1986. She remained a member until 1994 and is a past secretary and vice-chair. She was also a member of the Frederick County Republican Men's Club, the Republican Women's Club of Frederick County, and the Washington County Republican Club. 
Delegate Snodgrass is a current member of the Frederick Chapter of the Maryland Municipal League She has been a member of the organization since 1989 and has served as president, vice-president, & secretary-treasurer. She was the President of the Frederick County Council of Government from 1991 until 1993. From 1991 until 1994, Snodgrass served on the Board of Directors of the Maryland Mayors Association.
Community Work.
In addition to her political work, she has also served her community by being a Breast Cancer Support Spokesperson, Y-Me of the Cumberland Valley in 1999. She is a member of the Frederick County Community Cancer Coalition. Furthermore, she is a member of the Frederick County Even Start Advisory Board. She is a Life member of the Middletown Historical Society. She is a past member of the J. Elmer Harp Medical Center, Inc.
House of Delegates Career.
Once elected to the Maryland House of Delegates, Snodgrass was active on several committees, including the Commerce and Government Matters Committee from 1995 until 2003, which included the procurement subcommittee from 1995 until 1998, the financial institutions subcommittee from 1999 until 2003, and the ethics and election laws subcommittee from 2002 until 2003. She was also on the Joint Committee to Study Mandates on Local Government from 1995 until 1997 and the Joint Committee on Protocol from 1999 until 2003. Snodgrass was the Chair of the Frederick County Delegation from 2000 until 2003, serving as vice-chair in 1997 and again in 1999. She was a member of Women Legislators of Maryland from 1995 until 2003. 
Also during her tenure as a delegate, she was a member of the Task Force on Funding for the Maryland School for the Deaf in 1996. She was on the Maryland Civil War Heritage Commission from 1996 until 1999. Snodgrass was also a member of the Executive Board for the Forum for Rural Maryland from 1997 until 2003. From 1997 until 2003 she was on the Advisory Board for the Institute for Governmental Service at the University of Maryland, College Park. She served as secretary/treasurer from 1997 until 2003. Additionally, Delegate Snodgrass was a member of the Local Management Board for the Office for Children and Youth in Washington County, Maryland, on the Advisory Board for the Community Action Agency in Frederick County, Maryland, the School Services Advisory Board in Frederick County, and the Task Force on the South Mountain Battlefield Historic Tourism Initiative from 1999 until 2000. Finally, she was on the Health and Safety Committee for the Frederick County Commission on Aging.
Awards.
Delegate Snodgrass has won many awards over her long and distinguished career including being named the Outstanding Legislator of the Year by the Maryland Municipal League in 1995. She has won awards for support of municipal priorities from the Maryland Municipal League in 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000. Snodgrass won the Appreciation Award from the Maryland School for the Deaf in 1997, and the Senator Idamae Garrott Award by the American Council of the Blind, also in 1997. In 1999 she won the Friend of Rural Water Award by the Maryland Rural Water Association, an award that was renamed the Louise V. Snodgrass Award in 2000. In 2000 Delegate Snodgrass received the Appreciation Award from the Civil War Medical Museum and the Distinguished Alumni Award from Frederick Community College. Finally in 2001 she was named on the Maryland's Top 100 Women list by the Daily Record.

</doc>
<doc id="6003370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003370" title="Imperious Leader">
Imperious Leader

The Imperious Leader is the ruler of the Cylons as depicted in the 1978 "Battlestar Galactica" television series.
The Imperious Leader's body is built to resemble the reptilian race that originally built the Cylons, but is not organic in any way. According to the novelization of the pilot episode, Imperious Leaders have three distinct brains, each one capable of individual or unified thought, thereby making them adept strategists and leaders.
When an Imperious Leader is destroyed, a new one is chosen from suitable IL-series Cylons.
The Imperious Leader was never seen in close-up from the front in the series, except for a deleted scene in the pilot movie, "Saga of a Star World". Glen A. Larson was reportedly unhappy with the costume and requested that there be no closeup shots of it, although there "are" publicity photos that show closeups of the face. An action figure of the character was released with Mattel's Galactica toy line. Although frequently assumed to be a dummy, due to its lack of movement, there "was" an actor (Dick Durock) in the costume. The Imperious Leader's voice was provided by Patrick Macnee.
When Macnee appeared on camera, as the character of Count Iblis, in the two-part episode "War of the Gods," Baltar recognized Iblis's voice as that of both of the two successive Cylon Imperious Leaders with whom he had dealt. Iblis coyly countered that for his voice to be the same as either Imperious Leader's, it would have to have been transcribed into the machine leader more than 1,000 yahrens ago, and in that case, he says, "I'd have to be a thousand yahrens old!" The question is left unresolved.
A reused film clip of the Imperious Leader appeared in the "Galactica 1980" episode "Space Croppers," but this time, the voice was provided by Dennis Haysbert.
The Imperious Leader does not have a counterpart in the 2003 reimagined series produced by Ronald D. Moore, though the Cylons do have a god (which is never seen) and the Number One model appears to assume unchallenged leadership in the show's fourth season.
Further reading.
Imperious Leader is also a prominent creator of Axis and Allies maps and house rules since 1997

</doc>
<doc id="6003372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003372" title="Museum of Health Care">
Museum of Health Care

The Museum of Health Care is located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada in a historic limestone building on the Kingston General Hospital site and covers medical history from the 18th century to the modern era. Its research and collection catalogues are searchable on-line at Queen's University.
Ann Baillie Building.
The historic Ann Baillie Building is a beautiful 1904 Beaux-Arts style limestone structure and National Historic Site of Canada commemorating the history of nursing education in Canada.
Originally a dormitory, the Ann Baillie Building was designed by Kingston architect William Newlands to house 26 nursing students at the Kingston General Hospital's School of Nursing; its construction was supported by fundraising efforts by the Nurses Alumnae Association. While the first nursing students at Kingston General enrolled in 1886 and graduated in 1888 (the programme being lengthened to three years in 1905), originally nursing student accommodations were located within the hospital itself as quarters both overcrowded and at risk of contamination with infectious disease.
The School of Nursing closed in 1974, after the Ontario provincial government transferred the training of nurses to colleges and universities. As Queen's University constructed its own residence for nursing students, Waldron Tower, the original dormitory was vacated. The building was historically designated by the City of Kingston under the Ontario Heritage Act in 1994 and recognised to be of national historic significance by the Historic Sites and Monuments Board in 1997.
The building currently houses the Coalition of Canadian Healthcare Museums and Archives as well as the Museum of Health Care.
Museum of Health Care.
In 1995, the Museum of Health Care was relocated to the Ann Baillie Building. It is the only museum in Canada dedicated to the history of health and health care.
One of the largest collections of medical and healthcare artefacts in Canada, the Museum of Health Care at Kingston is home to a wide-range of artefacts and archival documents and photographs from surgical tools to laboratory instruments documenting how people have preserved health and managed disease, pain, and suffering from the late 18th century to the present day. The Museum strives to connect visitors with the experience of people in past times and provide context and perspective on contemporary health issues. The Museum serves the general public, practitioners, students, and historians through exhibitions, interpretive programs, and special events throughout the year.
History.
First conceived in 1988 by founder James Low, the Museum of Health Care was born in 1991 when it began to build its collections of medical and general health objects and archives from across Canada. The Museum relocated to its permanent home in the former nursing-student residence at Kingston General Hospital in 1995. The Museum is a non-profit corporation and registered charity and has had a Board of Directors since 1996; it bills itself as Canada's only museum dedicated solely to preserving health-care history. Dr. James Low, the museum's administrative officer, was appointed to the Order of Canada in 2014.
The Museum strives to preserve the material history of the medical and healthcare past with the goal of enhancing public understanding of the history of health and health care, particularly in Canada. The Museum acquires, conserves, researches, displays, and interprets artefacts that help to tell these stories. The Museum also serves as a primary resource for scholarly work in the history of health care.
Museum galleries are located both in the Ann Baillie Building and in a network of Outreach Galleries in healthcare centres in Kingston.
The Museum also has a commitment to scholars: the Museum benefits from the presence of the Hannah Chair, History of Medicine at Queen's University, Kingston General Hospital Archives, Queen’s University Archives and Bracken Health Sciences Library at Queen’s University.
Collections.
The museum has an extensive collection of artifacts and archival documents, dating from the 18th century to the present. There are approximately 30,000 items in the artefact and archival collections.
The Museum’s collections include a wide range of artefacts including medical, surgical, and laboratory instruments, commemorative objects, and patient care items. Some of the larger collections feature artefacts from the areas of anesthesiology, renal dialysis, orthopaedics, cardiology, patent medicines, nursing, and X-ray.
Significant artefacts include:
The museum includes both on-site and off-site exhibits, focusing on the development of medicine and health care, in its operations. Also in operation, is a walking tour, created in partnership with the Kingston General Hospital, of the Kingston General Hospital National Historic Site of Canada. An on-line tour "From the Collection" of 30 profiles and a database of more than 30000 artefacts was added in 2011.
Tours.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada. The museum has conducted special events for kids, including a one-day Teddy Bear Hospital in 2012.
Current details of the Museum's guided tours and education programs can be found on the museum website.

</doc>
<doc id="6003410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003410" title="Uebigau-Wahrenbrück">
Uebigau-Wahrenbrück

Uebigau-Wahrenbrück is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Schwarze Elster, 11 km northwest of Bad Liebenwerda, and 21 km east of Torgau.
Geography.
The town is composed by the villages of Bahnsdorf, Beiersdorf, Beutersitz, Bomsdorf, Bönitz, Domsdorf, Drasdo, Kauxdorf, Langennaundorf, Marxdorf, München/Elster, Neudeck, Prestewitz, Rothstein, Saxdorf, Uebigau (municipal seat), Wahrenbrück, Wiederau, Wildgrube, Winkel and Zinsdorf.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="6003412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003412" title="Mark A. Snodgrass">
Mark A. Snodgrass

Mark A. Snodgrass (born March 16, 1964, in Boise, Idaho) is an American politician from the state of Idaho. Formerly a member of the Idaho House of Representatives, he was also a candidate for the Idaho Senate in 2008. 
He graduated with a BS in History Secondary Education from Boise State University in 1989. He received an M.A. in Economics Education from the university in 2002. He is a member of the Republican party, and had been an Idaho State Representative from 2002-2008.
Snodgrass works as an American Government teacher at Eagle High School, and has also worked as a Real Estate Agent.

</doc>
<doc id="6003429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003429" title="Des Smith (headteacher)">
Des Smith (headteacher)

Desmond 'Des' P Smith MA, BA, ACDip was, until his retirement in July 2006, the successful headteacher at All Saints Catholic School and Technology College, Dagenham. Smith attracted media attention by making the indiscreet remarks that triggered the Cash for Peerages scandal.
All Saints Catholic School, Dagenham.
Smith was the head of All Saints Catholic School, Dagenham (until 1989 known as "Bishop Ward") to 2006. When he took over, standards at Bishop Ward were poor with an atmosphere described as "depressed and violent". Following the appointment of Smith in 1984 results steadily improved until in 2003 it was considered "the second most improved school in England". It had also become one of the top 12 comprehensives in England. Smith had worked with Paul Grant, head at Robert Clack School, also in Dagenham, to drive up standards at both schools.
Smith described his career high as "My first prize-giving evening as headteacher. It was very humbling to recognise the effort and hard work of our pupils."
According to his local Labour MP Jon Cruddas, Smith did a "fantastic" job at his school. Crudas also said that Smith "had transformed the lives of thousands of poor children". His 'clear and focused' leadership was praised by Ofsted.
City Academy programme.
Des Smith was a council member of the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust (of which Lord Levy was the President), which helped the government recruit sponsors for the £5bn City Academy programme.
Cash for peerages.
In January 2006 the Sunday Times embarked on a sting operation to investigate allegations that honours were available to be 'bought'. Over a champagne dinner with an undercover reporter Smith is alleged to have said "Because basically . . . the prime minister’s office would recommend someone like Malcolm (a fictional potential donor) for an OBE, a CBE or a knighthood". When the investigation was published Smith quit his post with the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust in January 2006.
On 13 April 2006 the Metropolitan Police arrested Smith under the Honours (Prevention of Abuses) Act 1925 but, shortly afterwards, Scotland Yard announced that he was freed on bail "to return... pending further inquiries". Smith gave an emotional interview, on 3 December 2006, to the Mail on Sunday, providing the front-page headline, in which he said "I demand that Blair is arrested at 10 Downing Street at 7.20am, that he is taken to a police station — hopefully Stoke Newington, which is a very unpleasant Bastille-type place — and treated the same way that I have been treated.", mirroring his own experience of arrest. The Crown Prosecution Service announced, on 7 February 2007, that Smith would not face any charges because there was "insufficient evidence" to charge him with an offence under the 1925 Act.
Smith later stated that "I was totally hung out to dry by the Blair regime" and that he had been driven to the brink of suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="6003435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003435" title="Advice to Little Girls">
Advice to Little Girls

"Advice to Little Girls" is a humorous short story written by Mark Twain in 1865 and published in 1867. However, it would not be wise for young girls to take the advice to heart. That said, given the gore of the Civil War, its references to fantasies of methods for resolving sibling tensions are relatively tame. Besides, the piece is certainly tongue-in-cheek, having Twain's mock seriousness and absurdities that abound. Often what starts out as a reasonable suggestion for mutually compatible co-existence ends up as being ludicrous. Scalding a younger brother with hot water as a method to secure his attention falls in this category. As with Twain's "The War Prayer," we have some astonishing leaps from the familiar to the outrageous. These leaps reveal our all-too-human capacity to slide down aggression's slippery slope, especially when we find reasons to justify our actions. May the outrageous remain in the realm of humor and fantasy.

</doc>
<doc id="6003459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003459" title="World Politics">
World Politics

World Politics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science and international relations. It is published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the Princeton Institute for International and Regional Affairs. Before 2003, it was sponsored by Princeton's Center of International Studies and before 1951, by the Yale Institute of International Studies. It was established in 1948 and the editor-in-chief is Deborah J. Yashar (Princeton University). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.308.

</doc>
<doc id="6003471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003471" title="Mikhail Dolivo-Dobrovolsky">
Mikhail Dolivo-Dobrovolsky

Mikhail Osipovich Dolivo-Dobrovolsky (; or "Michail Ossipowitsch Doliwo-Dobrowolski"; ; in Gatchina near Saint Petersburg — in Heidelberg, Germany), was a Russian engineer, electrician, and inventor. Born in a mixed family between a Polish noble family originating from Mazowsze, and a Russian noble family. Emigrated to Germany due to political persecution after the assassination of Alexander II of Russia (1881). He studied at the Darmstadt University of Technology (TH Darmstadt) in Germany. From 1887 he worked for AEG.
One of the founders (the other two were Nikola Tesla and Galileo Ferraris) of three-phase electrical systems, he developed the three-phase electrical generator and a three-phase electrical motor (1888) and studied star and delta connections. The triumph of the three-phase system was displayed in Europe at the International Electro-Technical Exhibition of 1891, where Dolivo-Dobrovolsky used this system to transmit electric power at the distance of 176 km with 75% efficiency. In 1891 he also created a three-phase transformer and short-circuited (squirrel-cage) induction motor.
He designed the world's first three-phase hydroelectric power plant in 1891. During his life he obtained over 60 patents. 
In 1911 he received an honorary doctorate from the TH Darmstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="6003472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003472" title="Peter Monteverdi">
Peter Monteverdi

Peter Monteverdi (7 June 1934 in Binningen, Switzerland – 4 July 1998 in his Binningen apartment directly above his own car-assembly workshop) was a Swiss automaker and creator of the automobile brand "Monteverdi".
At the beginning of his career, Monteverdi was a car salesman. In 1957 he acquired the Swiss franchise for Ferrari, subsequently becoming Swiss importer for other international prestige brands including Rolls-Royce and Bentley. In 1952, he started producing cars under his own name.
Formula One involvement.
Peter Monteverdi engaged in the construction of Formula One cars from the late 1950s to the early 1960s. In 1961, he built the first Swiss Formula one car, which bore the name MBM ("Monteverdi Basel Motoren"). He made a single Formula One appearance at the 1961 Solitude Grand Prix, where he retired after two laps, and subsequently withdrew his entry for the German Grand Prix having been injured in a prior race. He subsequently retired from race driving.
In 1989 Monteverdi bought the Onyx Formula One team after its original backer ran into financial difficulties and Stefan Johansson finished in third place at the Portuguese Grand Prix as best result. However, the involvement proved unsustainable and was terminated during the following season. A legacy was the Monteverdi Hai 650 F1 sportscar, of which supposedly six copies were sold until 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="6003483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003483" title="Robert Cornelius">
Robert Cornelius

Robert Cornelius (1809–1893) was an American pioneer of photography.
Born to a Dutch immigrant, Robert Cornelius attended private school as a youth, taking a particular interest in chemistry. In 1831, he began working for his father specializing in silver plating and metal polishing. He became so well renowned for his work, that shortly after, Cornelius was approached by Joseph Saxton to create a silver plate for his daguerreotype of Central High School in Philadelphia. It was this meeting that sparked Cornelius's interest in photography.
With his own knowledge of chemistry and metallurgy, as well as the help of chemist Paul Beck Goddard, Cornelius attempted to perfect the daguerreotype. Around October 1839, Cornelius took a portrait of himself outside of the family store. The daguerreotype produced shows an off center portrait of a man with crossed arms and tousled hair. This self-portrait of Robert Cornelius is one of the first photographs of a human to be produced.
Cornelius would operate two of the earliest photographic studios in the U.S. between 1841 and 1843, but as the popularity of photography grew and more photographers opened studios, Cornelius either lost interest or realized that he could make more money at the family gas and lighting company.

</doc>
<doc id="6003487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003487" title="Ummerstadt">
Ummerstadt

Ummerstadt is a town in the region Heldburger Land in district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 19 km south of Hildburghausen, and 11 km west of Coburg.
References.
Norbert Klaus Fuchs: Das Heldburger Land – ein historischer Reiseführer (The Land of Heldburg – a Historical Guide); Bad Langensalza, Verlag Rockstuhl, 2013, ISBN 978-3-86777-349-2

</doc>
<doc id="6003488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003488" title="Casals (surname)">
Casals (surname)

Casals (, ) is a Catalan surname, the plural form of Casal (house). Notable persons with that surname include:
See also.
Casal (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="6003495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003495" title="Victoria College of Art">
Victoria College of Art

Victoria College of Art (VCA) is an art college in Victoria, British Columbia (BC), Canada, founded in 1974. Its Fine Art diploma consists of a certificate in Visual Arts, an Advanced certificate, a diploma and a post diploma year which prepares students for a guaranteed show in an independent commercial gallery in Victoria (Madrona Gallery 2012 and Martin Batchelor Gallery in May 2013).
Accredited by the post-secondary BC government agency PCTIA, and awarded "Education Quality Assurance" (EQA) designation by the ministry, the college also offers accredited programs leading to certificates in a variety of Fine Art related occupational programs. These include 2D and 3D Animation, Claymation, sculpting (classical, contemporary and monumental), fine art illustration, mold making, and casting, design and textile arts. It is the largest independent art school on Vancouver Island with over 5,000 alumni. The college is also affiliated with the Vancouver Island School of Writing and the Vancouver College of Art and Design. Students are eligible for Canadian and BC student loans and student aid.
It has no connection whatsoever with Visual College of Art and Design (VCAD) and absolutely no connection with the Eminata Group of for-profit institutions. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003496" title="Mary Ellen Snodgrass">
Mary Ellen Snodgrass

Mary Ellen Snodgrass (born February 29, 1944) is an American author born in Wilmington, North Carolina to William Russell and Lucy Ella (Hester) Robinson. She married Hugh Edwin Snodgrass in 1984 and is the mother of a foster daughter, Deborah Whisnant Cruz, and the grandmother of Jacob Thomas Cruz.
She is an award-winning author of textbooks and general reference works, and a former columnist for the Charlotte Observer. A member of Phi Beta Kappa, she graduated magna cum laude from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro and Appalachian State University, and holds degrees in English, Latin, psychology, and education of gifted children. She teaches English and Latin at Lenoir Rhyne University. In addition to her membership on the North Carolina Library Board, she serves the N.C. Humanities Commission as a traveling lecturer.
Professional.
Freelance writer, Charlotte Observer columnist, and book reviewer, Harcourt Brace, Scribner, Islands, Ms., Globe, Canadian Medical Association Journal, American Guidance Service, Econo-Clad, ESP, Walch, Demco, American Reference Books Annual, Cliffs Notes, Silver Burdett, Perma-Bound, Amsco, Kercher Associates, Perfection Form, Media Materials, Presbyterian Center, National Textbook, Scott-Foresman, McGraw-Hill, McClanahan, Falletta Associates, Gale Group, Prentice-Hall, H. W. Wilson, Psychological Corporation, G. K. Hall, On the Issues, Learning Links, Bancroft-Sage, Hexco, Continental Press-West, Libraries Unlimited, Story House, Salem Press, Blackbirch, Twayne, ABC-Clio, School Library Media Activities Monthly, Recorded Books, Listening Library, Pubworks, Millbrook, McDougal-Littell, ARBA, Marshall-Cavendish, Oxford University Press, Choice, ISIS, Booklist, Fitzroy-Dearborn, Plymbridge, Moschovitis, Holt-Rinehart, Routledge, Facts on File, M. E. Sharpe, Grolier, Video Library, McFarland, Gumdrop, Wiley, Greenwood, Scarecrow, CQ Press, SAGE 1985–2012, Rowman & Littlefield, CQ Press

</doc>
<doc id="6003503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003503" title="Rhenanida">
Rhenanida

Rhenanida ("Rhine (fish)") is an order of scaly placoderms. Unlike most other placoderms, the rhenanids' armor was made up of a mosaic of unfused scales and tubercles. The patterns and components of this "mosaic" correspond to the plates of armor in other, more advanced placoderms, suggesting that the ancestral placoderm had armor made of unfused components, as well.
All rhenanids were flattened, ray-like, bottom-dwelling predators that lived in marine environments.
Evolution.
The rhenanids were once presumed to be the most primitive, or at least the closest to the ancestral placoderm, as their armor was made up of a mosaic of tubercles, as opposed to the solidified plates of "advanced" placoderms, such as antiarchs and arthrodires. Through comparing the skull anatomies of "Jagorina pandora" with those of antiarchs, the rhenanids are considered to be the sister group of the antiarchs (together with their respective Acanthothoracid relatives).
Presence in the fossil record.
The fossil record of Rhenanida is very sparse, with most fossils being isolated tubercles and skull fragments that are identified as being similar to the tubercles from the armor of "Gemuendina stuertzi", the most well-known rhenanid, known from several specimens from the Hunsruck slates. Given the rhenanids' worldwide distribution, this paupacity probably did not reflect a scarcity of living individuals (when the order was alive), but reflects the fact that rhenanid armor disintegrated into isolated fragments, and scattered soon after the owner's demise. Most fossils of rhenanids are from the Early Devonian, primarily in the United States and Germany. The recently discovered "Nefudina qalibahensis" is known from Northeastern Saudi Arabia. "Asterosteus stenocephalus" is known from Mid Devonian Ohio. Another species of rhenanid was "Bolivosteus chacomensis", of the Lower to Middle Devonian Malvinokaffric Fauna of Western Gondwana, in what is now Bolivia, South America. The youngest rhenanid, "Jagorina pandora" is known from Upper Devonian Germany and Morocco.
Species.
There are five recognized species of rhenanids, in five genera, "Asterosteus stenocephalus", "Nefudina qalibahensis", "Gemuendina stuertzi", "Jagorina pandora", and "Bolivosteus chacomensis".
A sixth genus, "Ohioaspis", is of questionable status, as the first specimens were ichthyoliths that were originally described as being tubercles from a new species of "Asterosteus". Later examinations these tubercles have led to the formation of two camps of experts, one of which that believe the three recognized species of "Ohioaspis" were rhenanids, while the other suggests that they were actually some sort of ostracoderm agnathans.

</doc>
<doc id="6003505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003505" title="Henry Wiencek">
Henry Wiencek

Henry Wiencek (born 1952) is an American journalist, historian and editor whose work has encompassed historically significant architecture, the Founding Fathers, various topics relating to slavery, and the Lego company. In 1999, "The Hairstons: An American Family in Black and White", a biographical history which chronicles the racially intertwined Hairston clan of the noted Cooleemee Plantation House, won the National Book Critics Circle Award
for biography.
Wiencek has come to be particularly associated with his work on George Washington and slavery as a result of his book, "An Imperfect God: George Washington, His Slaves, and the Creation of America", which earned him the Los Angeles Times Book Award for history. Partly as a result of this book, Wiencek was named the first-ever Washington College "Patrick Henry Fellow", inaugurating a program designed to provide writing fellowships for nationally prominent historians.
In 2003, Wiencek was appointed to the board of trustees for the Library of Virginia.
In June 2010, Texas A&M University Press released "The Moodys of Galveston and Their Mansion", a history of the prominent Galveston family and their celebrated home. Wiencek originally compiled the manuscript after the Moody Mansion opened to the public as a museum, education center, and location for community gatherings in 1991.
Early life and education.
Wiencek was born and raised in Dorchester, Massachusetts. He attended Boston College High School, where he was valedictorian. He earned an undergraduate degree from Yale University in 1974 with a double major in Russian Literature and Literary Theory.
Career.
Soon after graduating, Wiencek moved to New York City, where he worked for Time-Life, editing and writing for its publications.
Personal life.
Wiencek is married to Donna M. Lucey, who is also an American historian. Wiencek has resided in Charlottesville, Virginia since 1992, where he works in his home. 
He and his wife spent the 2008-2009 academic year in residence in a restored colonial house at Chestertown, Maryland in fulfillment of his Patrick Henry Fellowship duties.

</doc>
<doc id="6003510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003510" title="Bärwald">
Bärwald

Bärwald (transliterated Baerwald, ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003516" title="Gemuendina">
Gemuendina

Gemuendina stuertzi is a placoderm of the order Rhenanida, of the seas of Early Devonian Germany. In life, "Gemuendina" resembled a scaly ray with an upturned head, or a large-finned stargazer. "G. stuertzi" is often invoked as an example of convergent evolution- with its flat body and huge, wing-like pectoral fins it has a strong, albeit superficial similarity to rays. Unlike rays, however, both "Gemuendina"`s eyes and nostrils were placed atop the head, facing upward. Furthermore, "G. stuertzi"'s upturned mouth would have enabled it to suction prey that swam overhead, rather than swallow sediment or suction prey out of the substrate like modern rays.
Unlike most other placoderm orders, such as the Antiarchs, or the Arthrodires, "Gemuendina" and its four other known relatives (or seven, if the three species of the ichthyolith genus "Ohioaspis" are confirmed to be rhenanids) had armor made up of a mosaic of unfused bony plates and scales. Because their armor was so fragile, few examples of rhenanids have survived in the fossil record. Because several regions of the Hunsruck lagerstätte were anoxic, thus free of scavenging organisms, intact, nearly pristine (albeit flattened) specimens of "G. stuertzi" have been found as a result. Also unlike other placoderms, it did not have the characteristic tooth plates of placoderms. Instead, it had star-shaped tubercle scales that allowed it to seize, then swallow fish and other animals that swam too close with its mouth.
Specimens of "G. stuertzi" ranged in size from 30 to 100 centimeters in length. In 1971, Erik Stensiö described a metre long specimen as a new species, ""Broilina heroldi"," which was later synonymized with "Gemuendina".

</doc>
<doc id="6003542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003542" title="Milton Moore Snodgrass">
Milton Moore Snodgrass

Milton Moore Snodgrass, (1931-), American author.
Born July 9, 1931 in Linesville, Pennsylvania to Clifford Marshall and Anna (Moore) Snodgrass. Received Ph.D. 1956 Purdue University. Currently Department of Agricultural Economics and Agricultural Business, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="6003549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003549" title="Haweswater Beck">
Haweswater Beck

Haweswater Beck flows through Cumbria in England. It arises as a stream discharge from Haweswater Reservoir, at Gill Dubs, just east of the dam, and flows eastward, just north of Firth Woods, and then turns north to join the River Lowther between Bampton and Bampton Grange.
Below Burnbanks near the Haweswater Dam it is crossed by Naddle Old Bridge (a disused Grade II listed 18th-century road bridge) and a little further downstream (at ) by Park Bridge, a packhorse bridge. Between these bridges the stream is followed by the Coast to Coast Walk.

</doc>
<doc id="6003556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003556" title="Totally Hoops">
Totally Hoops

Totally Hoops is a Disney Channel reality series. It tracked the experiences of eleven girls on the Dayton, Ohio Lady Hoopstars, a nationally acclaimed 14-and-under AAU basketball team, throughout the 2000s. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003567" title="Green Sheet (film ratings recommendation)">
Green Sheet (film ratings recommendation)

Before the formal application of film ratings by the MPAA CARA, the Green Sheet provided recommendations about age-suitability for major motion pictures in theatrical release. Discontinued shortly after the official MPAA ratings began, the Green Sheet used classifications based upon a panel of reviewers that represented educational, psychological, and religious interest groups. Rather than providing a single classification for each film, the Green Sheet contained symbols representing a range of audiences for which the film seemed most appropriate. A classification would typically either list each age group (Example: Y-MY-A) or express suitability for all audiences. During the late 1960s, the classifications were:
Bulletins of the Green Sheet used to appear regularly in the periodical The Hollywood Reporter during the 1960s.
It is reasonable to suppose that the United States Film Production Code revisions of 1966, which created the label "SMA - Suggested for Mature Audiences," had the mature audience concept inspired by the application of the Green Sheet category MY (often expressed as MY-A). In addition, the original M rating (replaced by GP at the end of January, 1970) bore a resemblance to the green sheet category.
The MPAA effectively operated under a two-category classification system (either labeled SMA or containing no such label) from 1966 until Nov. 1, 1968 (when the official 4 category rating system was begun with the designations G, M, R, and X).
The Green Sheet advisory panel was not a part of the MPAA ratings board. Members could disagree on ratings, and the dissenting view could be listed in the bulletin. One instance included the film "Support Your Local Sheriff," in which the appropriateness of "the cannon sequence" was at issue in provoking disagreement.
Some examples of late 1960s Green Sheet ratings include:
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang - C
Oliver! GA
Star! Y-MY-A
Anzio MY-A
Birds In Peru A
The recommendations were not necessarily made purely on the basis of the presence or basis of objectionable content, as a film such as 2001:A Space Odyssey could be designated as MY-A despite not having as much violent intensity as films such as Ice Station Zebra (Y-MY-A). There is not a clear match between MPAA ratings applied by CARA and the Green Sheet classifications. (For example, G rated films like Popi or The Stalking Moon could receive Green Sheet designations as Mature or Adult films, while M or PG rated films such as The Lion in Winter could have Green Sheet designations suggesting appropriateness for young persons. There were also adult-classified Green Sheet entries that would receive G and M/PG equivalent ratings, such as "Barbarella," which was rated PG in 1977.)

</doc>
<doc id="6003572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003572" title="Koop (band)">
Koop (band)

Koop is an electronic jazz duo from Sweden, consisting of Magnus Zingmark and Oscar Simonsson.
Koop won a Swedish Grammy Award in 2003 for the album "Waltz for Koop", and received a Gold certification for sales of their most recent album, "Koop Islands". Their orchestrated sound is achieved by slowly putting together thousands of small clips from records until the songs are ready, which helps explain the long time it takes to make a Koop album. Vocals have been provided by singers such as Ane Brun, Yukimi Nagano, Hilde Louise Asbjornsen, Rob Gallagher and Mikael Sundin.
In 2007, their song "Koop Island Blues" was featured in a trailer for the videogame "World in Conflict" called "Destruction Blues".
In 2009, "Koop Island Blues" was featured in American TV show "So You Think You Can Dance". The song 'Strange Love' was also featured in a commercial for Coca Cola.
Also in the same year, their song "Koop Island Blues" was featured as the intro music for the video game "The Saboteur" released by Electronic Arts for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6003573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003573" title="Nancy Anne Sakovich">
Nancy Anne Sakovich

Nancy Anne Sakovich (born October 8, 1961) is a Canadian actress and former model.
Life and career.
In 1981, she started studying at Trent University (Ontario) and earned a degree in biology. Discovered by the Elite Modeling Agency, she traveled the world as an international model.
After modelling, she turned to acting. Sakovich is most famous for her role as senior data analyst, Lindsay Donner, in the TV series "".

</doc>
<doc id="6003574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003574" title="Sint-Goriks-Oudenhove">
Sint-Goriks-Oudenhove

Sint-Goriks-Oudenhove is situated in the municipality of Zottegem. It is located in the Denderstreek and in the Flemish Ardennes, the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders, Belgium. Its name refers to Saint Gaugericus ("En. Saint Gery"), bishop of Cambrai during the 7th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003577" title="Clive Terrelonge">
Clive Terrelonge

Clive Terrelonge (born June 30) is a track coach at the University of Connecticut. Before coaching, he was an accomplished collegiate and professional athlete who specialized in the 800m and 400m. 
Terrelonge was twice an Olympian for Jamaica, competing in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona and in 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. At the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships, Terrelonge became the first Jamaican to win a World Championship gold medal in the 800 metres. 
While competing for Lincoln University (Pennsylvania), Terrelonge earned 19 Division III All-America honors in the 400m, 800m and the 4x400-meter relay. He is a former NCAA double 400 and triple 800-meter indoor/outdoor champion and held the 800-meter NCAA Division III outdoor record until Nick Symmonds of Willamette University broke it in spring 2006.
Terrelonge was inducted into the NCAA Division III Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6003580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003580" title="Kerr Lake">
Kerr Lake

Kerr Lake (officially John H. Kerr Reservoir, also known as Bugg's Island Lake) is a reservoir along the border of the U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia created by the John H. Kerr Dam. The dam construction started in 1947 and took 2,100+ workers in three shifts, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, more than four years to complete, and was finished in 1952 to produce electricity and to provide flood control. It is the largest reservoir in Virginia. It is owned by the US Army Corps of Engineers. It is located in parts of Vance, Granville, and Warren counties in North Carolina, and Mecklenburg, Charlotte, and Halifax counties in Virginia. At its maximum capacity, it is one of the largest reservoirs in the Southeastern United States. The lake has over 850 miles of shoreline and covers approximately 50,000 acres (200 km²). The lake is named for Congressman John H. Kerr of North Carolina, who supported the original creation of the lake. 
The lake is actually an impoundment of the Roanoke River (also called the Staunton River in Virginia). The Dan River and several smaller creeks also feed the lake. The lake is upstream of Lake Gaston. Just downstream from the current John H. Kerr Dam, and still visible from the viewing platform below the dam at Tailrace park, lies Buggs Island, named for Samuel Bugg, an early settler. North Carolinians know this body of water as Kerr Lake. Virginians know it as Buggs Island Lake or Buggs Island Reservoir.
The large lake is wildly popular with both North Carolinians and Virginians for fishing and recreational purposes. For fishing, the lake has an abundance of large-mouth bass, striped bass (the only certified lake in Virginia to have a naturally reproducing population), crappie, catfish and bream. Camping is also a popular activity, with many campsites (run by the Army Corps of Engineers, North Carolina State Parks and Virginia State Parks) lining the shore including Kimball Point, North Bend Park, County Line, Hibernia, and others. Campsites for both tents and RVs are available. Jet-skiing and water-tubing occur often on the lake. Recreational motor boating and sailing also occur on the lake, with three privately operated marinas available: Steele Creek and Satterwhite Point [http://www.satterwhitept.com/] (in North Carolina) and Clarksville (in Virginia). These marinas have rental slips for sail and motor boats, with additional amenities including fuel docks, marina stores, and some organized yacht clubs. The Carolina Sailing Club stages monthly regattas for several one-design sailing classes from April through October.

</doc>
<doc id="6003581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003581" title="Owen Sound Transportation Company">
Owen Sound Transportation Company

This is an historical account of the Owen Sound Transportation Company, Limited, the forerunner of the enterprise that currently operates the vehicle and passenger ferry - M.S. "Chi-Cheemaun" - between Tobermory on the Bruce Peninsula, and South Baymouth on Manitoulin Island. For updated information, see the article on the M.S. "Chi-Cheemaun".
Owen Sound Transportation Company.
The Owen Sound Transportation Company was established by businessmen in the Owen Sound area, in 1921. These included W. G. Hay, president; J. H. Hay, vice president; and J. Garvey, secretary-treasurer. These three men were also associated with the Owen Sound-based North American Bent Chair Company. Their objective was to use the company's steamboat, S.S. "Michipicoten", in freight-only service from Owen Sound to isolated communities along the north shore of Lake Huron and Manitoulin Island. 
It is likely the intended purpose of the navigation company was to procure the materials necessary for the manufacture of the North American Bent Chair Company's Bentwood furniture, as well as the transportation of packaged freight from Owen Sound. It was the objective of the officers of the firm to carry on the business of the furniture manufacturer as a subsidiary of Owen Sound Transportation Company (OSTC).
Owen Sound Transportation Company Limited.
Early in 1921, a rumor circulated through Owen Sound—a new steamboat line was being formed to re-establish cruises to the popular tourist destination of Mackinac Island. Promoted by a Collingwood steamship line, from the late nineteenth century until about 1903 these steamboat excursions crossing Lake Huron were popular from the Georgian Bay area. But it was not until the spring of 1926 that the Owen Sound Board of Trade was appointed to form a committee to sell stock to finance the purchase of a steamship and refit it for reopening direct traffic between Owen Sound and other points on the Mackinac route. In 1926 the Owen Sound Transportation Company Limited was granted supplementary letters patent, under the Ontario Companies Act, increasing its authorized capital stock from $40,000 to $150,000.
In 1926 the OSTC purchased the steel-hulled, screw steamer S.S. "Modjeska", a former Lake Ontario excursion boat, intended as a day cruiser. The ship had been laid up since 1924, following a serious collision in Toronto Harbour. Repaired and outfitted for service, the "Modjeska" arrived at Owen Sound late in the season, but with time enough to operate a few excursions, as well as two round trips to Sault Ste Marie. Over the following winter, the ship was equipped with cabins and staterooms to accommodate up to 150 passengers. Renamed S.S. "Manitoulin", she began her first full season June 6, 1927, with Norman McKay serving as Captain.
Cruising the North Channel.
The weekly schedule of the S.S. "Manitoulin" began with an 11:15 p.m. Monday departure from Owen Sound, arriving Tuesday morning at Killarney, then through the North Channel, calling at Manitowaning, Little Current, Gore Bay, Meldrum Bay, Cockburn Island, Hilton Beach, Richards Landing, and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, arriving at Mackinac Island, on Wednesday evening. Returning over the same route with departure from Mackinac Island at 11 a.m. Thursday, the "Manitoulin" arrived at Owen Sound on Saturday morning at 4:30. Weekend trips on the "Manitoulin" departed 11:15 p.m. Saturday, with calls at Killarney, Manitowaning and Little Current, followed by arrival back in Owen Sound at 4:30 Monday morning.
The S.S. "Michipicoten" continued on an unscheduled freight-only service between Owen Sound and Sault Ste. Marie, calling at Manitoulin Island and North Shore ports. The "Michipicoten" was destroyed by fire at the Cooks Dock, near Silverwater on Manitoulin Island, on October 11, 1927.
To replace the "Michipicoten", the OSTC purchased the S.S. "Macassa", then under the ownership of the Canada Steamship Lines subsidiary Richelieu and Ontario Navigation Company. The "Macassa" had completed her season on September 30, 1927, operating as a day excursion steamer between Toronto and Hamilton. The "Macassa" was originally part of the Toronto and Hamilton Steamboat Company, along with her sister ship, the S.S. "Modjeska". Over the following winter in Toronto, she was converted for the accommodation of overnight passengers. Renamed S.S. "Manasoo", she departed from Toronto for Owen Sound on April 16, 1928.
The 1928 OSTC schedule for the S.S. "Manitoulin" continued as it had the previous year, while the "Manisoo" departed Owen Sound on Thursdays at 11:15 p.m. for a run that did not include Mackinac Island. After completing her northward voyage at Sault Ste Marie, the "Manisoo" returned to Owen Sound at 4:30 Tuesday mornings. 
On September 15, 1928, the "Manasoo" foundered near Griffith Island in Georgian Bay. While fighting a heavy storm, she capsized when her cargo of 116 cattle apparently shifted to one side, overbalancing her. The recent addition of increased passenger accommodations on her upper deck is also thought to have contributed to her instability. She sank quickly. The bodies of her cattle are said to have stocked many a winter larder along the shores that year. All five of the survivors drifted for 60 hours in a life raft before being picked up by the CPR's S.S. "Manitoba".
Ferry Service to Manitoulin Island.
From the commencement of their operations, the S.S. "Manitoulin" (in 1927) and the S.S. "Manasoo" (in 1928) were capable of transporting automobiles. A competitor to the Owen Sound Transportation Company, the Dominion Transportation Company, also operated a pair of passenger and package freight vessels out of Owen Sound, over much the same route as the OSTC. In 1927 an automobile ferry, the S.S. "Winona", provided service from Cutler to Gore Bay. Another automobile ferry serving Manitoulin Island was John Tackaberry's M.S. "Alice", which sailed on a return route from Owen Sound, via Wiarton, Lion's Head, Tobermory to South Baymouth, and Providence Bay.
Throughout the 1927 season, Tackaberry operated the M.S. "Alice" on the run to Providence Bay. He was, however, unsatisfied with the performance of the ship. Anxious to dispose of her, Tackaberry sold the "Alice" to the Booth Fisheries Corporation of Canada Ltd. on April 3, 1928. Renamed M.S. "Hibou" to bring her in line with the other ships of the Dominion fleet (S.S. "Caribou" and S.S. "Manitou" -- "Hibou" being the French word for "owl"), she was operated for Booth by a subsidiary company, the Dominion Transportation Company Limited (DTC). She served Dominion's routes from Owen Sound to Manitoulin Island and the ports of Lake Huron's North Channel.
Tobermory - South Baymouth Ferry Service.
In 1930, Captain R. Vittie and H.W. Harmer, of Southampton, Ontario, obtained a charter for the Georgian Bay and Manitoulin Transportation Company. They had purchased John Tackaberry's S.S. "Henry Pedwell". The steamer was taken to Midland where it was widened and its gangway modified to accommodate automobiles. Later that summer the "Henry Pedwell" was placed in ferry service between Tobermory and South Baymouth.
With the 1930 season underway, OSTC purchased a retired Detroit Fire Department fire boat named the S.S. "James R Elliot", delivering it to the Midland Shipbuilding Company for conversion into a combination package freighter and passenger ferry. Replacing her boiler and steam engine with a new diesel engine increased her freight capacity and enabled her to transport automobiles. Overnight passenger cabins were also added. In 1931 the vessel was renamed the M.S. "Normac", after the OSTC's general manager Norman Mckay, captain of the S.S. "Manitoulin".
The M.S. "Normac" began her scheduled route on July 16, 1931, taking the place formerly assigned to the S.S. "Manasoo", leaving Owen Sound at 11:15 p.m. Thursdays and returning at 4:30 am on the following Tuesday. Meanwhile, with the S.S. "Manitoulin" continuing her weekly Monday evening departures from Owen Sound, the OSTC also acquired the service of the Georgian Bay and Manitoulin Transportation Company and its steamer the S.S. "Henry Pedwell", which they renamed S.S. "Kagawong". The "Kagawong" was returned to the Tobermory - South Baymouth auto ferry route during the 1931 July to September season. During early and late seasons she operated on the Sault Ste. Marie route from Tuesday evening to Saturday morning, with weekend trips to Providence Bay.
From 1932 the summer-only ferry service between Tobermory and South Baymouth was assigned to the M.S. "Normac", which sailed the route sturdily and steadfastly for the next 30 seasons. The owners of the S.S. "Kagawong", Vittie and Harmer, defaulted on the mortgage held on the ship by its previous owner, and it was relinquished back to John Tackaberry. Dominion Transportation Company operated its M.S. "Hibou" between Owen Sound and Providence Bay until 1933, when it was assigned to other duties. John Tackaberry operated his S.S. "Islet Prince" over the same route, although this ship was better known as a Pelee Island ferry.
In 1936 the Owen Sound Transportation Company Limited and its competitor, the Owen Sound-based Dominion Transportation Company Limited, managed by R. V. Malloy, decided to merge their operations. Together the two companies, under the joint management of Mckay and Malloy, operated a pool passenger-freight service to Georgian Bay and North Channel ports and continuing through the Soo Locks and into Lake Superior to Michipicoten, as well as the auto ferry service between Tobermory and South Baymouth. 
The M.S. "Hibou" did not run much during the early spring of 1936; in June she was placed on the Tobermory ferry service. The previous year the "Hibou" had operated as a ferry and excursion boat out of Kingston where most of its staterooms on the promenade deck had been removed to make room for sightseers and dancing. With the loss of her cabins, the "Hibou" was best suited for day use such as the ferry route it shared with the M.S. "Normac".
On November 16, 1936, the "Hibou" made her last run on the ferry crossing and returned to Owen Sound, from where it was to take a few more trips to Killarney and Manitoulin Island. It was dangerously late in the navigation season and the only ships of the pool service still in operation were the "Hibou" and "Normac", S.S. "Manitou", S.S. "Caribou" and S.S. "Manitoulin" having already gone into winter quarters at Owen Sound. Captain Norman McKay took command of the "Hibou" while her regular captain, James Agnew, moved back to the position of First Officer. 
On its second trip to Killarney on Saturday, November 21, the cargo onboard "Hibou" shifted while she was operating in relatively calm waters, causing her to founder and sink only 10 minutes out of Owen Sound. It is thought that while testing the accuracy of a new compass, Captain Mckay had made a sharp turn to the port side, causing the cargo to shift to starboard. The ship listed to starboard, and did not recover. In the ensuing tragedy, not only the "Hibou", but seven of the 17-member crew, and Captain Mckay himself, were lost.
New Management.
The pool agreement between the two navigation companies continued through the 1930s and into the 1940s. The S.S. "Manitou" served on the Tobermory ferry route from 1937 until 1941 when it was retired, being replaced by Dominion Transportation Company's S.S. "Caribou". The S.S. "Manitoulin" carried on its regular scheduled route from Owen Sound along the "Turkey Trail" of the North Channel; but instead of terminating at Mackinac Island, she continued through the Soo Locks and proceeded to Gargatua Harbour, and Michipicoten.
The 1936 pool arrangement between the two companies had been suggested by Ivor Wagner, a director of Booth Fisheries Corporation in Chicago. Wagner purchased the Dominion Transportation Company Limited in 1937 and moved to Owen Sound the following year. In 1944 the outstanding shares of the Owen shirt Transportation Company Limited were acquired by Dominion Transportation Company. 
Ivor Wagner had managed both firms since 1937, although absent from the area while he served overseas in the Canadian Army during World War II. He returned to Owen Sound in January 1945 to resume his responsibility as president and general manager of both companies. Other directors included W.W. Barnard of Owen Sound, employed by OSTC since 1927, who served as vice president and manager of operations. Mr. W.W. Barnard became president of the company at the beginning of 1969; W.A. Alexander, secretary-treasurer, who had been with Dominion Transportation Company since 1924; and William Owens, chief engineer, who had a lengthy connection with both firms, beginning with his association with the S.S. "Manitou" when the ship was constructed in 1903. Mr. Owens had been chief engineer of OSTC since 1926. The two concerns remained separate entities until the last DTC vessel, the S.S. "Caribou", was sold at the end of the 1946 season.
In September 1946 a new ship, the S.S. "Norisle"—the name being derived from "North (Manitoulin) Island"—was put in service on the ferry route. Designed and built by the Collingwood Shipyards Limited for OSTC, the "Norisle" had a capacity of up to 50 automobiles and 250 passengers. Having more than twice the capacity of the S.S. "Caribou" and M.S. "Normac" combined, it was expected this new ship could handle the Tobermory - South Baymouth auto ferry route alone; however, because of an unanticipated increase in the volume of car traffic after the war, the "Normac" continued in service with the "Norisle". Like her predecessors the "Norisle" was also equipped with staterooms for the accommodation of up to 100 passengers, enabling her to be used also on the Owen Sound - Sault Ste. Marie route during early and late navigation seasons.
The S.S. "Manitoulin" continued to navigate the Turkey Trail of the North Channel from Owen Sound until its honorable and well-deserved retirement in 1949. "Turkey Trail" was by then the affectionate term for the North Channel route, some say because a large number of turkeys were transported from Manitoulin's island ports along the north shore during the years immediately following World War II, and others because the ships serving the isolated ports of the North Channel wandered across the channel like turkeys. In 1950, the 60-year-old S.S. "Manitoulin" was replaced by the S.S. "Norgoma"—the name being derived from "North (District of) Algoma"—again designed and built by the Collingwood Shipyards Limited. Unlike the "Norisle", the S.S. "Norgoma" was designed primarily as a package freighter and passenger steamship, specifically for the Georgian Bay and North Channel route—but, reflecting the practicality of its Grey County ownership, like its predecessors the "Norgoma" could also transport cars (if only a limited number of them).
The "Norgoma" operated on five-day (Owen Sound to Sault Ste Marie) and weekend (Owen Sound to Gore Bay) cruises, which remained very popular throughout the 1950s. However, the OSTC depended on its package freight trade to balance its books. By the early 1960s, that trade had largely dried up; the formerly isolated ports along the Turkey Trail were now served by roads and trucks. For some years, largely in order that their historic service could continue to the delight of tourists and Manitoulin Island communities and their leaders, OSTC was heavily subsidised by the Federal and Provincial governments.
The volume of car and passenger traffic on the Tobermory-South Baymouth run, however, continued to expand year by year. In 1962, Collingwood Shipyards converted the S.S. "Norgoma" to diesel-power, thus she became M.S. "Norgoma", and in 1963 she began renewed life as a car and passenger ferry, sister-in-trade to the S.S. "Norisle"—and occasionally, at the beginning, to the old M.S. "Normac".
Traffic continued to mount on the ferry run. The Government of Ontario, through its Crown corporation, the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission, acquired the Owen Sound Transportation Company in 1974. This development resulted in the S.S. "Norisle" and M.S. "Norgoma" joining M.S. "Normac" in retirement; and a new vessel being commissioned. The M.S. "Chi-Cheemaun"—translating to "Big Canoe" in Ojibwe—was the largest vessel to every operate on the route. At the time of her commissioning, she was one of Canada's newest state-of-the-art ferries, having been designed by British Columbia naval architects and built on Georgian Bay by the ever-reliable local Collingwood Shipyards as one of their last "hulls". Her service continues the story of that of her distinguished and well-loved predecessor ships.

</doc>
<doc id="6003584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003584" title="Green Sheet (Milwaukee Journal)">
Green Sheet (Milwaukee Journal)

The Green Sheet was a four-page section of the "Milwaukee Journal" printed on green paper. It was published from the 1910s to 1995, containing comics, the crossword puzzle and other games, celebrity news, local human interest stories and bits of ephemera.
The last Green Sheet was published in the March 18, 1995 edition of the "Journal", Milwaukee's afternoon newspaper, shortly before it merged with the morning "Milwaukee Sentinel", with the features from the Green Sheet being merged into the "Sentinels Good Morning"' section, and taking that name under the new "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel".
The Green Sheet continues to hold a special place in the memory of residents in the Milwaukee metropolitan area. A newsletter published by the gubernatorial campaign of Mark Green in 2006 was called the "Green Sheet", presumably in homage to the former publication.

</doc>
<doc id="6003590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003590" title="Keyword cipher">
Keyword cipher

A keyword cipher is a form of monoalphabetic substitution. A keyword is used as the key, and it determines the letter matchings of the cipher alphabet to the plain alphabet. Repeats of letters in the word are removed, then the cipher alphabet is generated with the keyword matching to A,B,C etc. until the keyword is used up, whereupon the rest of the ciphertext letters are used in alphabetical order, excluding those already used in the key Worked Example.
With KRYPTOS as the keyword, all As become Ks, all Bs become Rs and so on. Encrypting the message "knowledge is power" using the keyword "kryptos":
Only one alphabet is used here, so the cipher is monoalphabetic.
The best ways to attack a keyword cipher without knowing the keyword are through known-plaintext attack, frequency analysis and discovery of the keyword (often a cryptanalist will combine all three techniques). Keyword discovery allows immediate decryption since the table can be made immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="6003594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003594" title="STACEE">
STACEE

The Solar Tower Atmospheric Cherenkov Effect Experiment (STACEE), is a gamma ray detector located near Albuquerque, New Mexico. Observations with STACEE began in October 2001 and concluded in June 2007. Gamma rays were observed from objects such as the Crab Nebula, a supernova remnant, and Markarian 421, a blazar. STACEE uses the heliostats and space on the receiver tower of the National Solar Thermal Test Facility (NSTTF) operated by the Sandia National Laboratories on the grounds of the Kirtland Air Force Base. In the daytime, the facility is used for solar energy research. During the night STACEE uses the heliostats to reflect the brief flashes of Čerenkov radiation caused by gamma rays hitting the upper atmosphere to photodetectors mounted in the tower. STACEE is a nonimaging telescope, meaning that it detects the light from a portion of the sky, but does not resolve the light into an image.
The detector is operated in consortium with several universities, including McGill University, Case Western Reserve University, the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), the University of California, Santa Cruz, Columbia University, and the University of Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="6003600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003600" title="Sinan Erdem">
Sinan Erdem

Sinan Erdem (May 9, 1927-July 23, 2003) was a former Turkish volleyball player and long-standing head of the National Olympic Committee of Turkey.
Biography.
He was born on May 9, 1927 in Manisa, Turkey. After finishing the high school in Galatasaray High School, he was educated in Law at Istanbul University.
Sinan started to play volleyball and tennis already in 1943. He became a professional player in 1949, and transferred in 1951 to the volleyball team of Galatasaray S.K.. He played 12 times in the Turkey national team and became its captain. After leaving the active sport, he served as the coach of the national volleyball team. 
Between 1957 and 1967, Sinan Erdem served as the secretary general of the Turkish Volleyball Federation. A member of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) since 1966, he served as the head of the organization committee of FIVB between 1972 and 1984. He was the deputy secretary general of the Turkish National Olympic Committee (TMOK) since 1975, before serving as the secretary general from 1982 to 1989. In 1989, Sinan Erdem was appointed chairman of the TMOK, a position he had until his death.
He was elected to the board of directors of the Islamic Games Confederation in 1982, the Mediterranean Games and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 1988. During the Olympic games in Seoul, Barcelona, Atlanta and in Sydney, he served as a member of the IOC.
He died of liver cancer on July 23, 2003. He was succeeded by his wife Süheyla, his son Ziya and his daughter Zeynep.
Erdem's greatest ideal was, Turkey and Istanbul host once the Olympic Games. Turkey's biggest sport arena Sinan Erdem Dome is named in his commemoration.

</doc>
<doc id="6003601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003601" title="Immobile">
Immobile

Immobile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003607" title="List of NCAA Division III football programs">
List of NCAA Division III football programs

This is a list of schools in Division III of the United States National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) that have football as a varsity sport.

</doc>
<doc id="6003628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003628" title="Carrie Nye">
Carrie Nye

Carrie Nye (October 14, 1936 – July 14, 2006) was an American actress.
Biography.
Early life.
Nye was born Caroline Nye McGeoy in Greenwood, Mississippi; her father was a vice president of a local bank. She attended Stephens College and then went on to the Yale School of Drama.
Career.
The majority of Nye's roles were on the stage. She joined the Williamstown Theatre Festival in 1955 and portrayed a number of roles at the festival through the 1960s and 1970s. Among her credits were the leads in "The Skin of Our Teeth" and "A Streetcar Named Desire". She was part of a cast from the American Shakespeare Festival that performed "Troilus and Cressida" at the White House during the John F. Kennedy administration.
She made her debut on Broadway in 1960 with a role in the play "A Second String". The following year she portrayed Tiffany Richards in the original cast of "Mary, Mary". She was nominated for a Tony Award in 1965 for her portrayal of Helen Walsingham in "Half a Sixpence". She appeared in two more productions on Broadway during the 1960s, "A Very Rich Woman" (1965) and "Cop-Out" (1969).
Nye made her feature film debut in "The Group" (1966), the film adaptation of Mary McCarthy's bestselling novel about a group of Vassar College students. The film also starred Joan Hackett, Joanna Pettet, Candice Bergen, Kathleen Widdoes, and Shirley Knight.
Nye was featured in a number of television movies during the 1970s, including "Screaming Skull" and "The Users". She acted in the television movie "Divorce His - Divorce Hers" (1973), which starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton. Nye wrote a humorous essay that year published in "Time" about the experience. In 1978, Nye was a semi-regular panelist on the PBS quiz show "We Interrupt This Week".
She was nominated in 1980 for an Emmy Award for her portrayal of the actress Tallulah Bankhead - an actress to whom Nye was often compared - in "". That same year she returned to Broadway to perform the role of Lorraine Sheldon in a revival of "The Man Who Came to Dinner". She was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance.
In 1984, Nye was cast on the daytime soap opera "Guiding Light" as the real estate agent Susan Piper. Her character had a memorable death scene where she fell into quicksand. When Nye's friend Ellen Weston became head writer of "Guiding Light" in 2003, she created another character for Nye, the mysterious Caroline Carruthers. Despite acclaim for Nye's performance, the storyline was unpopular, and Nye's character was written off after six months.
Nye played Sylvia Grantham in the classic 1982 horror film "Creepshow".
Personal life.
Nye was married to Dick Cavett, whom she met at Yale, from June 4, 1964, until her death.
Nye and Cavett bought Tick Hall, a house in Montauk, New York, designed by Stanford White. The house burned down in 1997, but with the assistance of architects and preservationists, she and Cavett built an exact replica of the house. Their accomplishment became the subject of a documentary film "" (2003).
Nye died of lung cancer on July 14, 2006, at her Manhattan home. She is interred in the Lutheran All Faiths Cemetery in Middle Village, Queens, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6003637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003637" title="Lynceus (disambiguation)">
Lynceus (disambiguation)

Lynceus or "Lynkeus" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003640" title="Kynan Griffin">
Kynan Griffin

Kynan Lyle Griffin is a film producer. Born in Johannesburg, South Africa, he spent most of his formative years in Durban, where he attended Hillcrest High School (South Africa).
Kynan studied film at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. As a student, he produced the short film "The Snell Show", which won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2003 Slamdance Film Festival. He has since gone on to produce the feature films ', "Moving McAllister", "Orcs!", ', "The Crown and the Dragon" and "Osombie". Kynan Griffin is a producer with Camera 40 Productions and founder of Arrowstorm Entertainment.
Kynan also produced the video-game "Saga (2008 video game)", the world's first MMORTS, and served as the CFO of the gaming studio Silverlode Interactive.
Kynan was one of the founding members of the Provo Cricket Club. He also sits on the board of directors of the War Child Awareness Fund, a non-profit organization aimed at bringing global attention to the issue of child soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="6003660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003660" title="Vacha, Germany">
Vacha, Germany

Vacha is a town in the Wartburgkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 15 km west of Bad Salzungen, and 23 km east of Bad Hersfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="6003668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003668" title="Green Sheet">
Green Sheet

Green Sheet can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003670" title="Lynceus (Argonaut)">
Lynceus (Argonaut)

Lynceus (in Greek, "Lynkeus") was the jealous murderer of Castor, along with his brother, Idas. Idas and Lynceus murdered Castor because they all (along with Polydeuces) sought Phoebe and Hilaeira, daughters of Leucippus (who was also Idas and Lynceus' uncle in some versions). Lynceus was one of the Argonauts and he participated in the hunt for the Calydonian Boar. He was a son of Aphareus and Arene and was said to have excellent sight, even able to see through trees, walls and underground.

</doc>
<doc id="6003690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003690" title="Bencher">
Bencher

A bencher or Master of the Bench is a senior member of an Inn of Court in England and Wales. Benchers hold office for life once elected. A bencher can be elected while still a barrister (usually, but not always, Queen's Counsel), in recognition of the contribution that the barrister has made to the life of the Inn or to the law. Others become benchers as a matter of course when appointed as a High Court Judge. The Inn may elect non-members as honorary benchers - for example, distinguished judges and lawyers from other countries, eminent non-lawyers or members of the British Royal Family, who become known as "Royal Benchers" once elected. 
A member of each Inn is the Treasurer, a position which is held for one year only. While succession to the post of Treasurer was once dependent purely on seniority, this is no longer the case. The Treasurer is now elected.
Etymology.
Historically, the most junior student barristers were only permitted to watch moot court trials and stood within the bar of the moot courtroom. More qualified barristers (known as "outer" or "utter" barristers) were permitted to join the argument and stood outside the bar. The most senior barristers were permitted to sit on the bench at moots. This third class of barristers became known as "Benchers" or "Masters of the Bench".
Powers and duties.
The practices and regulations vary from Inn to Inn, but the benchers are the ultimate governing body of the relevant Inn. The benchers govern the finances of the Inn, and they alone have the authority to admit students, to call students to the Bar, and to elect other benchers. Today, the benchers of the four Inns have common standards agreed with the Bar Council. They have the formal power to discipline members of their Inn by suspending or expelling them from membership of the Inn, and by disbarring them. Disciplinary functions are now shared with the Council of the Inns of Court, the Bar Standards Board and its Complaints Committee (formerly known as the Professional Conduct and Complaints Committee).
Canadian usage.
The terms "bencher" and "treasurer" originated in England, but they are also in use by the legal profession in Canada, for example by the Law Society of Upper Canada and the Law Society of British Columbia. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003701" title="Rudolf Pöch">
Rudolf Pöch

Rudolf Pöch (April 17, 1870, Tarnopol, Galicia - March 4, 1921, Innsbruck), was an Austrian doctor, anthropologist, and ethnologist.
Pöch is also known as a pioneer in photography, cinematography, and audio engineering. He can be regarded as a founding father of the Institute for Anthropology and Ethnography at the University of Vienna.
His work for the Ethnological Museum in Berlin inspired Pöch to undertake an expedition to New Guinea (1901–1906), where he was the first to find scientific evidence for the existence of pygmies. Pöchs technical equipment is especially noteworthy. It included a photo camera, a cine camera and a phonograph, which enabled Pöch to take pictures, video and audio documents of the indigenous population. His 72 recordings of songs and narratives in Papuan languages were seen as a sensation at the time.
A second expedition between 1907 and 1909 led Pöch to South Africa. During World War I, Pöch became (in)famous for his ethnological studies in prisoner of war camps.
Although many of Pöch's theories on the indigenous people of New Guinea proved false, scientific research and museums still profit from his collections. Today, his technical equipment is on display at the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="6003709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003709" title="Beyond Measure">
Beyond Measure

Beyond Measure is the fifth album by Jeremy Camp, released on October 31, 2006. It includes the singles "Tonight", "What It Means" and "Let It Fade".
He recorded this album shortly after marrying his wife Adrienne. On August 15, 2006, Camp released an EP on iTunes featuring a song from his new album and a song from his wife Adrienne's new album, along with an interview about their new albums and talk about their tour. "Tonight", the title song from the EP, is on the new album along with the title song, "Beyond Measure", that was mentioned throughout the interview.
The album entered the Billboard 200 at number 29, selling about 31,000 copies in its first week. This was also the album's highest position on the chart. It was certified Gold in April 2010.
Awards.
In 2007, the album won a Dove Award for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6003713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003713" title="Andy Pratt (album)">
Andy Pratt (album)

Andy Pratt is the second album by American singer-songwriter Andy Pratt. It is a raw, emotionally expressive and musically experimental album.
The song 'Avenging Annie' was covered by The Who's lead singer Roger Daltrey, for his third solo album "One of the Boys".
Track listing.
All songs written by Andy Pratt, except where indicated.
Charts.
Album
Single

</doc>
<doc id="6003720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003720" title="Carolinas Medical Center-Union">
Carolinas Medical Center-Union

Carolinas Medical Center-Union (CMC-Union), formerly known as Union Regional Medical Center, is a 157 bed acute care facility located in Monroe, NC. This hospital is one of several community hospitals owned and operated by Charlotte based Carolinas Healthcare System.

</doc>
<doc id="6003728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003728" title="List of black Academy Award winners and nominees">
List of black Academy Award winners and nominees

This list of black Academy Award winners and nominees is current as of the 86th Academy Awards ceremony held on March 3, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6003729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003729" title="Direct support professional">
Direct support professional

Direct support professionals (DSPs) are people who work directly with people with physical disabilities and/or intellectual disabilities with the aim of assisting the individual to become integrated into his /her community or the least restrictive environment. 
A direct support professional is a person who assists an individual with a disability to lead a self-directed life and contribute to the community, assists with activities of daily living if needed, and encourages attitudes and behaviors that enhance community inclusion. A DSP may provide supports to a person with a disability at home, work, school, church, and other community places. A DSP also acts as an advocate for the disabled individual, in communicating their needs, self-expression and goals.
DSP training.
Different states have different training requirements for DSPs. For example, the State of California [http://www.dds.ca.gov/DSPT/DSPT_guides.cfm] requires the following core training modules:
Year one training 
Year two training
Willowbrook State School.
Direct Support Professional training and community placement/living became more prevalent following the Willowbrook State School scandal where it was uncovered following an investigation by then WABC journalist Geraldo Rivera, that residents were being physically mistreated and kept in poor living conditions. Telly Award winning film "Everyday Heroes", produced by Pleasantville, New York media production company Creators Media Group, highlights the work of Direct Support Professionals.
Lack of national standard of care.
As of May 2006 Michigan and 5 other states were gearing up to implement fingerprinting background checks for Direct Support Professionals that provide care in long term care facilities. Some states, such as California, require criminal background checks, while other states do not.[http://www.detnews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060501/LIFESTYLE03/605010336/1040/rss34
California direct support professional training.
The requirement for the community care facility direct care staff training (a.k.a. Direct Support Professional Training) was created by Assembly Bill 2780 [http://www.lausd-dspt.net/resources/dspt_legislation.htm] enacted in 1998. AB 950, approved by the Governor in August 2001, amends the Welfare and Institutions Code. Effective January 1, 1999, the Department of Developmental Services implemented mandated statewide competency-based training for direct support professionals employed in regional center vendored community care facilities. This legislation followed a series reported by the San Francisco Chronicle on poorly trained staff and a high death rate for the developmentally disabled in the State of California.
In 1998, the California legislature established the Direct Support Professional (DSP) Training Program.
The purpose of the program is to increase quality of care for people with developmental disabilities living in licensed community care facilities by ensuring core competencies or skills for all Direct Support Professionals. 
The statewide training program requires all Direct Support Professionals to successfully complete 70-hours of training over two years, or pass a challenge test for each of two, 35-hour training segments. Upon successfully completing either of these requirements, Direct Support Professional Certification will be provided.
The DSP requirements are not in place for DDN or DDH facilities under the Department of Health Services of the State of California. These requirements are also not in place for day programs, work activity centers or for at home vendored service providers.
Virginia DSP.
Direct Support Professional Training through the College of Direct Support [http://www.dmhmrsas.virginia.gov/adm-DirectSupportTraining.htm]
Louisiana DSP.
Louisiana Direct Support Professionals [http://www.la-dsp.org/]
Illinois DSP.
Illinois Council on Developmental Disabilities The Illinois project has been reviewing options for retention and training since 2003 with a projected outcome of having trained Direct Care Professional and retention once trained.[http://rtc.umn.edu/dsp/
Tennessee DSP.
Direct Support Professionals Association of Tennessee [http://www.state.tn.us/dmrs/direct_support/mission.html]
Kansas DSP.
The Kansas Chapter of the National Alliance for Direct Support Professionals [http://www.kadsp.lsi.ku.edu/]
Internet-Based College for DSPs.
An internet-based college for Direct Support Professionals [http://www.collegeofdirectsupport.com/dsp.htm]
National Alliance for Direct Support Professionals.
National Alliance for Direct Support Professionals [http://www.nadsp.org/credentialing/]
Offers Training and National Standards. Some standards may be higher than the National Alliance depending on the State.

</doc>
<doc id="6003736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003736" title="Jenni Trent Hughes">
Jenni Trent Hughes

Jenni Trent Hughes is a life strategist, coach, commentator and motivational speaker, who specialises in relationships and family issues. She is also a successful TV and radio broadcaster, author and magazine columnist. Originally from Jamaica and lived for several years in the US, Hughes now lives and works mainly in the United Kingdom.
She is currently the UK Relationship Expert for eHarmony the online dating service and has written for HarperCollins and relationships. She has also written dozens of features for publications such as Good Housekeeping, Elle, Sainsbury's Magazine and for many years had a column in Red magazine and handbag.com
In 2002 Hughes was recruited as the co-presenter and relationship expert of the Channel 4 series "Perfect Match". The first series won the prestigious Silver Rose at Montreux award in 2002, while the second series also garnered much publicity, with one episode voted as one of the 100 Top Telly Moments for 2002.
Hughes was a regular presenter on ITV'sLoose Women and BBC1's Grumpy Old Women and was also co-presenter on Donny Osmond's BBC1 show Identity. She is currently a regular contributor to BBC1's The Big Questions. She appeared regularly on E4's "Big Brother's Little Brother" (the spin-off show to the popular reality TV programme "Big Brother") as a social commentator, and also wrote a "Big Brother"-related column for the online media entertainment website Digital Spy. She has also provided commentary for the Sky television production "When Celebrities Attract", as well as for several other celebrity-based documentaries. In 2003 Hughes presented "Dinner Doctors" on Channel 5 with Anneka Rice. She has also appeared in CH4's "Diet Another Day" and co-presented "Get A Life" on BBC1's "Heaven and Earth". In 2005 Hughes teamed up with GMTV's Fiona Phillips to present the programme "Toddler Taming" on Discovery and she also contributed to a daily wedding feature for ITV’s "This Morning", as well as ITV’s "First Wives Club". She has appeared regularly as an advisory guest on "GMTV", "LK-Today", "This Morning", and CH4’s "Richard and Judy", speaking on relationship, family, career and political issues. She was once listed in the Mail On Sunday's "YOU" magazine as "one of the leading women on the internet".
Hughes speaks regularly in schools and universities on a variety of motivational topics and is also one of the voices for the initiative Positive Image. She has delivered seminars for a wide range of organizations from Baker-Tilley's international conference in Paris to the National Childbirth Trust.
Her work as a behavioural observationist is in much demand and she contributes regularly to campaigns for a wide variety of corporate clients such as Microsoft.
Hughes is also an artist who studied at Art Students League of New York and Parsons School of Design. She is also a jewellery designer having studied at the London School of Jewellery. Her creations can be viewed on her website PeacocksandPeonies.bigcartel.com

</doc>
<doc id="6003749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003749" title="Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Evangelical Lutheran Church

Evangelical Lutheran Church can refer to many different Lutheran churches in the world. Among them are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6003773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003773" title="Demolition ball">
Demolition ball

Demolition ball may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6003786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003786" title="Angelonia grandiflora">
Angelonia grandiflora

Angelonia grandiflora is an ornamental plant.

</doc>
<doc id="6003791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003791" title="Cyfri'r Geifr">
Cyfri'r Geifr

Cyfri'r Geifr () is a Welsh folk song. Both the tune and the words are traditional and have developed over the centuries.
The song begins at a slow pace but the speed is increased with each new verse. The first four lines are repeated before each new goat is counted. Further choruses can be added by choosing a new colour for the goat. For a real tongue twister, each verse is often 
sung twice, doubling the speed the second time through. A pink goat is usually used for the last verse, as it is almost impossible to sing properly at any speed. The song is a popular test-piece in choral competitions and has been recorded by many singers and choirs.
Although up to sixteen version of the song have been identified, mainly regional, this version is the most common.
Lyrics.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="6003794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003794" title="Il pesce innamorato">
Il pesce innamorato

Il pesce innamorato ("Love of the Fishes" or "The Fish in Love") is an Italian comedy film released in 1999, directed by Leonardo Pieraccioni, who also stars alongside Yamila Diaz-Rahi. Leonardo stars as Arturo, a writer of children's books and Yamila stars as Matilde, the woman he falls in love with.
The film is based upon Pieraccioni's experiences after talking to Il Stronzo, an old retired fisherman.

</doc>
<doc id="6003795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003795" title="The Sleuth Kit">
The Sleuth Kit

The Sleuth Kit (TSK) is a library and collection of Unix- and Windows-based tools and utilities to allow for the forensic analysis of computer systems. It was written and maintained by digital investigator Brian Carrier. TSK can be used to perform investigations and data extraction from images of Windows, GNU/Linux and Unix computers. The Sleuth Kit is normally used in conjunction with its custom front-end application, Autopsy, to provide a user friendly interface. Several other tools also use TSK for file extraction.
The Sleuth Kit is a free, open source suite that provides a large number of specialized command-line based utilities.
It is based on The Coroner's Toolkit.
Tools.
Some of the tools included in The Sleuth Kit include:

</doc>
<doc id="6003802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003802" title="WIBW-FM">
WIBW-FM

WIBW-FM (94.5 FM) is a country music radio station in Topeka, Kansas. Until 2000, the station was located at 97.3 FM. The station was moved to make way for a new move-in station in Kansas City. The station also serves as the primary Emergency Alert System station for the state of Kansas along with KTPK.
History.
Beginning-2002: WIBW-FM - "Rock 97".
Before becoming a country station, WIBW-FM had other formats. It was known as "Rock 97" and "The Rock of Kansas" during the 1970's, although its automated music primarily fit in the Top 40 category. The room with the FM programming doubled as the control room for the Kansas City Royals radio network when WIBW held the baseball team's broadcast rights.
2002-present: WIBW-FM - "94 Country".
Previously, KJCK-FM in Junction City occupied this frequency. However, in order to move 97.3 into the Kansas City market, WIBW-FM needed to move to 94.5 mHz. KJCK-FM moved to 97.5 mHz. WIBW-FM was still on top of the ratings when the move occurred in September 2002. However, by 2004, KQTP had taken over the top country spot in town briefly. KTPK started to rally in 2005, also topping the ratings. Radio Rich and Louann, morning show hosts for 14 years, left for KQTP in early 2006. In 2011, WIBW-FM tied for fourth in the ratings, but the top five stations were all within a ratings point of each other. WIBW-FM currently airs the syndicated Lia show late at night.
The station became known for a bright red remote truck which looked like a boombox.
The WIBW stations had their studios for decades on Wanamaker Road in West Topeka. That building received heavy damage from fire January 5, 2012.
94.5 Country's "St. Jude's Radiothon".
Each February, WIBW-FM holds a radiothon where all proceeds go to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Each year, it is ran on a Thursday and Friday, from 6a - 7p, at the local (Hy-Vee) at 29th and Wanamaker. WIBW's DJ's do live remotes, there, as well. They do air songs during the radiothon, however, they choose songs to reflect the theme. Additionally, interviews will be conducted with “ambassador families” during the telethon, telling how they benefited from the St. Jude's Hospital. A part from the Radiothon, 94.5 Country sponsors the Country Stampede Music Festival held each year in Manhattan, Kansas, where all proceeds go to benefit St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Programming.
Liz Montano reports news on the morning show, along with WIBW (AM).

</doc>
<doc id="6003806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003806" title="Jaroslav Svejkovský">
Jaroslav Svejkovský

Jaroslav "Yogi" Svejkovský (born October 1, 1976 in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech ice hockey left wing. He was drafted in the first round, 17th overall, by the Washington Capitals in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft.
Drafted from the Western Hockey League's Tri-City Americans, Svejkovský made his professional debut with the Portland Pirates of the American Hockey League in the 1996–97 season. He made his NHL debut during the same season with the Capitals, appearing in 19 games and scoring seven goals. In the Capitals' last game of the 1996–97 season, Svejkovský scored four goals; , he is the only Capitals rookie to score four goals in one game. After playing parts of three more seasons with the Capitals, Svejkovský was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning during the 1999–2000 season. Svejkovský finished the season with the Lightning, then spent the 2000–01 season in the International Hockey League with the Detroit Vipers. To date, he has no further professional hockey experience; in a 2002 USA Today story, Tampa Bay Lightning general manager Jay Feaster said that Svejkovský was out of hockey due to post-concussion syndrome. [http://cgi1.usatoday.com/mchat/20021120004/tscript.htm. In his NHL career, Svejkovský appeared in 113 games, scoring 23 goals and adding 19 assists. 
Currently, Svejkovský is a skills coach with the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League. He is also Director of Hockey Operations with the Seafair Minor Hockey Association and Program Director of the BC Bears AAA spring hockey association.

</doc>
<doc id="6003826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003826" title="Prisoner of Haven">
Prisoner of Haven

Prisoner of Haven is a fantasy novel set in the world of Dragonlance. It was written by Nancy Varian Berberick. It is volume four of the six volume book series The Age of Mortals. It is set in the year 421 AC (After Cataclysm), also known as 38 SC (Second Cataclysm).
Plot introduction.
The book follows the adventures of sisters-in-law Dezra and Usha Majere as they are trapped in the Krynn city of Haven by a Dark Knight of Neraka and his army. It takes place during the War of Souls.
Release details.
2004, USA, Wizards of the Coast ISBN 0-7869-3327-5, Pub date 1 June 2004, Paperback
Reception.
In a positive review, critic Don D'Ammassa praised the novel's "unusually strongly drawn characters."

</doc>
<doc id="6003827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003827" title="Lynceus of Samos">
Lynceus of Samos

Lynceus of Samos (Ancient Greek: ) brother of the historian Duris of Samos, was a classical Greek author of comedies, letters and humorous anecdotes. He lived in the late 4th and early 3rd centuries BC and was a pupil of Theophrastus. His works, especially his letters and the essay "Shopping for Food", show a special interest in gastronomy. He was also the addressee of an important letter by Hippolochus on dining in Macedon. He would be practically unknown if it were not for numerous quotations from his works in the "Deipnosophistae" of Athenaeus.
As a comedy author Lynceus is classed among the writers of Athenian New Comedy, and the single surviving fragment from his play "Kentauros" ("The Centaur"), as quoted by Athenaeus (131f), appears in the standard collections of comic fragments. It is a scene set at Athens in which a dinner menu is discussed with reference to the guests' cities of origin and probable food preferences. 
The only collection of the fragments from Lynceus's prose works is in Andrew Dalby's paper published in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6003832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003832" title="Zygiella x-notata">
Zygiella x-notata

Zygiella x-notata (sometimes known as the silver-sided sector spider) is a spider in the family Araneidae.
Description.
"Z. x-notata" females are up to 11mm in size, males up to 7mm. The prosoma is yellow-brown, with a leaf-like mark on the opisthosoma. In moderate climate, adults appear from July to October, sometimes even into December. In warmer regions, they are active all year.
This spider builds its web mostly into window frames, but can also be found on walls, fences, or under the bark of old trees. It is very common around boats and docks throughout the world.
Web.
Adult spiders build an orb-web usually with two sectors without connecting threads in one of the two upper corners. The signalling thread in the middle of these sectors leads to the spider's retreat. In the evening and at night, however, the spider sits in the center of the web. It renews the web in the morning hours.
A normal web consists of about 25 to 30 radial threads. Young spiders, and sometimes adults, build webs without the free sectors, especially if the angle between signalling thread and radii gets too big.
Feeding behavior.
Catching prey is instinctive in "Zygiella" in which it differs from other Araneidae, who have to learn this behavior. When alerted by movements of caught prey, the spider moves along the signalling thread into the web center, to orient itself. The killed and wrapped prey is moved to the hideout.
Reproduction.
Females and males can often be seen together in one nest. Males with better web-building ability are more attractive to females. Before mating, the male plucks and drums on a special thread attached to the web of the female. The eggs overwinter in a cocoon, the spiderlings hatch next spring.

</doc>
<doc id="6003838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003838" title="Esteban Abada High School">
Esteban Abada High School

Esteban Abada High School is a public high school located in Sampaloc, Manila in the Philippines. 
Esteban Abada High School is One of the highest rating school in Manila. Next to Manila Science High School and Ramon Magsaysay High School.
History of Esteban Abada High School
Saturday, 7 August 2010 23:13
The establishment of Esteban Abada High School was proposed in 1960 by former Manila Councilor Ernesto Maceda to the Municipal Board after finding out that a vacant government lot with an area of 4,197.5 square meters in his district was earmarked for a school site. The proposal was approved in 1961 as Ordinance No. 4414 by then Vice Mayor and Municipal Board Presiding Officer Hon. Antonio Villegas, who at that time was as Acting Mayor in the absence of Mayor Arsenio H. Lacson.
The school was named after the late Senator Esteban R. Abada (1896 – 1954), an eminent statesman and former Secretary of Education from 1946 to 1949.
On July 1, 1963, Esteban Abada High School joined the city’s roster of public high schools. It opened its doors to the public and accommodated the first batch of 720 first year students serviced by 28 teachers. However, instead of celebrating founding anniversaries every 1 July, school authorities opted to celebrate “Abada Day” annually on the 15th day of March. Sen. Abada was born on March 15, 1896.
Mr. Emiliano Rafael, the first principal, felt the need to serve the community’s working youth. He proposed the establishment of night academic classes with an initial enrollment of 58 freshmen and 30 sophomores.
Mrs. Gorgonia G. Capino succeeded Mr. Rafael who was later promoted as assistant superintendent. Mrs. Capino, the longest serving principal of the school was head of school from 1964 to 1976. She is always remembered by former teachers and students for her sense of fairness and subtlety of approach. During her time, The Guidepost and Ang Sinag, the official English and Filipino Papers of the school made waves in the arena of school journalism. Aside from producing winners in the divisional and regional contests, the campus journalists and the school papers were adjudged winners in the National Secondary Schools Press Conferences. Students’ outstanding performances were highlighted by winnings in various fields including national championship awards in First Aid Competition, Annual Division Science Fair and others. The school library has consistently increased its book collection and enriched its periodical files, making it the 3rd Best Library in the City of Manila in the Circa ’70.
Mr. Emiliano B. Mendoza made a short stint as principal from 1976 – 1978. It was in 1979 during the incumbency of Miss Adela F. Mejorada when the school produce champion students and teachers. The EAHS all-male choir was the champion in Metro Manila Himig ’79. The Pamulinawen Boys eventually emerged as 2nd best in the National Finals. Ms. Julia Cruz, Home Economics teacher was adjudged Most Outstanding teacher in her field in that same year. When Dr. Hilario M. Galvez took over the reign of principalship, the school continued its winning streak in various scholastics contest. In 1980, the EAHS Evening Vocational School started to serve the out-of-school youth in the vicinity of the school.
In 1982 during the principalship of Dr. Carmen S. Llenarizas, 4 Abadans were sent to Aomori, Japan as Manila delegates to the Aomori UNESCO Exchange Students Program. The school continue to win prestigious contests in different arena placing 3rd in the Division Reading Proficiency Contest, 2nd in the Science Radio Newscast Writing Contest and 1st in the NCR Science Journalism Competition. The improvement of the school was pursued by the succeeding principals: Ms. Edy Losaria extended the guidance and councelling center and the school canteen to better serve the ever-growing school population; Ms. Milagros M. Palomares initiated the construction of Science building as well as the construction of the awning in the quadrangle, Mr Pablo D. Aseoche’s short term marked improvement in the Principal’s Office.
In 1989, a sophomore Abadan was chosen as Manila’s representative to the International Conference of Juvenile Scientists in Yokohama, Japan under the Yokohama Young Scientists Exchange Program. That same year, Principal Rebecca Nava started the construction of the Maceda I Building. The building replaced the old Marcos Pre-fab one-storey building. The building now housed the Home Economics classes.
Mrs. Susan A. Yano’s greatest accomplishment when she was principal was the removal of squatters in front of the school. She sought the assistance of then Mayor Alfredo S. Lim. The removal of the shanties paved the way for improved safer school environment. Mrs. Yano initiated the construction of the Conference Room which became the venue of many student activities and faculty meetings. She also purchase a service vehicle for the school.
Other lady-principals who made great contribution to the school were Ms. Elena L. Batusan who spearheaded the construction of Maceda II Science Building with three floors, Dr. Agnes B. Pajares introduced the mural paintings in the main gate, Mrs. Rosita C. Herson who renovated the boys’ and girls’ comfort rooms, purchase of the school’s second van and the construction of the computer laboratory, and Dr. Imelda M. Mendez started the tilling of the ground floor of the main building. The fourth gentle man who headed the school was Mr. Gene T. Pangilinan. He continued the construction of the 4th and 5th floors of the Science Building, the mini gymnasium, the rehabilitation of decades old roofs of the school.
Mr. Fernando B. Orines, is the first and only alumnus-principal of the school. His greatest achievement to date is the adoption of School-based Management which paved the way for the establishment of School Governing Council. This policy-making body of 21 stakeholders composed of administrators, teachers, student, alumnus, retired teacher, parent, NGO leader, and barangay officials. Added to his credit is the establishment of SEC-recognized EAHS Alumni Association Incorporated (EAHSAAI). This world-wide organization spearheaded the renovation of the school library and built the Guidance Counselling Center and Audio Visual Room. Batch 2010, ranked 4th in National Career Assessment Examination (NCAE). The highest in the History of Esteban Abada. All boys dance group gave championship in the field of dancing. Rank 1st out of 32 schools. This administration and batch, gave a lot of history in Esteban Abada High School. 
Mr. Romarico Barrientos, EAHS Principal after Mr. Orines, has secured a 2 Million pesos donation from the Department of Public Works enabling him to renovate the Conference Room at the ground floor and the Principal's Office. The EAHSAAI also contributed in the beautification project by donating magnetic whiteboards, repainting some classrooms and installing alumni sponsors' laminated room number plates. The school received countless of donations from soccer balls, table tennis set and tables, air conditioning units, 2 sets of sound systems, 2 electric floor polishers, many cans of floorwax, 100 monoblock chairs to 32-inch television set among others.
Esteban Abada High School will continue to be an institution that will provide lifelong learning and functional literacy to the Filipino youth – a school dedicated to God and Country.

</doc>
<doc id="6003854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003854" title="Velburg">
Velburg

Velburg is a town in the district of Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 17 km southeast of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 39 km northwest of Regensburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003864" title="Markarian 421">
Markarian 421

Markarian 421 (Mrk 421, Mkn 421) is a blazar located in the constellation Ursa Major. The object is an active galaxy and a BL Lacertae object, and is a strong source of gamma rays. It is about 397 million light-years (redshift: z=0.0308 eq. 122Mpc) to 434 million light-years (133Mpc) from the Earth. It is one of the closest blazars to Earth, making it one of the brightest quasars in the night sky. It is suspected to have a supermassive black hole (SMBH) at its center due to its active nature, and has a companion galaxy (Markarian 421-5) that is fueling the gas jets observed pointing away from the galaxy.
It was first determined to be a very high energy gamma ray emitter in 1992 by M. Punch at the Whipple Observatory, and an extremely rapid outburst in very high energy gamma rays (15-minute rise-time) was measured in 1996 by J. Gaidos at Whipple Observatory 
Markarian 421 also had an outburst in 2001 and is monitored by the Whole Earth Blazar Telescope project.
Due to its brightness (around 13.3 magnitude, max. 11.6mag. and min. 16mag.) the object can also be viewed by amateurs in smaller telescopes.

</doc>
<doc id="6003866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003866" title="Shakeaway">
Shakeaway

ShakeAway is a chain of Milkshake bar companies based in the UK. ShakeAway is credited as the original re-inventor of milkshakes since 1999 and the world's largest Milkshake bar company, appealing to all ages. ShakeAway has gained a cult status amongst its customers and is now the clear UK and global market leader with international stores now open/planned in 11 countries around the world with many more to follow. 
Since 1999, the company sells milkshakes, smoothies, healthy shakes, hot shakes, hot drinks and cater for special dietary requirements such as dairy and nut free options. Available in selected stores, the company also sells fat free frozen yoghurt and crispy low fat fries. Shakeaway also have a large range of dairy-free milkshakes suitable for vegans and lactose intolerant people, using soya milk instead of cow's milk. This makes Shakeaway the UK's largest supplier of vegan milkshakes.
The company sells milkshakes made of ice cream, milk and a flavour chosen by the customer. Products made by Nestle, Cadbury's, Mars and McVitie's amongst others are used as the additional flavours. During the summer of 2007 ShakeAway introduced the idea of adding "additude" to its milkshakes, this is where a customer can choose to add Protein, Muscle Builder, "Energy", Malt, Bran or Wheatgerm.
The first bar to open was on Post Office Road, Bournemouth in 1999, quickly followed by further bars in Southampton, Brighton and Bath. Since then the chain has expanded to include bars in, Reading, Fareham, Croydon, Kingston upon Thames, Bristol, Winchester, Lakeside, Basingstoke, Edinburgh, Plymouth, Nottingham, Manchester, Colchester, Salisbury, Ipswich, Hastings and many more. ShakeAway has also opened stores abroad in Bahrain, Saudi and Mexico with stores coming soon in, California, Georgia, Pakistan, Oman, Dubai, Qatar, New York, India, Abu Dahbi, South Africa and Malaysia.
On 1 April 2008, the company played an April Fools' Day joke when it e-mailed customers to tell them a new branch had opened on the first floor of the Eiffel Tower, Paris.
ShakeAway sent fans an April Fool (2010) email stating they were reducing their menu to just six flavours of shake, giving a voucher to redeem existing flavours for £1.00 with the code "l0ok4tT3daT3".

</doc>
<doc id="6003871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003871" title="Tag SNP">
Tag SNP

A tag SNP is a representative single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in a region of the genome with high linkage disequilibrium that represents a group of SNPs called a haplotype. It is possible to identify genetic variation and association to phenotypes without genotyping every SNP in a chromosomal region. This reduces the expense and time of mapping genome areas associated with disease, since it eliminates the need to study every individual SNP. Tag SNPs are useful in whole-genome SNP association studies in which hundreds of thousands of SNPs across the entire genome are genotyped.
Introduction.
Linkage Disequilibrium.
Two loci are said to be in linkage equilibrium (LE) if their inheritance is an independent event. If the alleles at those loci are non-randomly inherited then we say that they are at linkage disequilibrium (LD). LD is most commonly caused by physical linkage of genes. When two genes are inherited on the same chromosome, depending on their distance and the likelihood of recombination between the loci they can be at high LD. However LD can be also observed due to functional interactions where even genes from different chromosomes can jointly confer evolutionary selected phenotype or can affect the viability of potential offspring.
In families LD is highest because of the lowest numbers of recombination events (fewest number of meiosis events). This is especially true between inbred lines. In populations LD exists because of selection, physical closeness of the genes that causes low recombination rates or due to recent crossing or migration. On a population level, processes that influence linkage disequilibrium include genetic linkage, epistatic natural selection, rate of recombination, mutation, genetic drift, random mating, genetic hitchhiking and gene flow.
When a group of SNPs are inherited together because of high LD there tends to be redundant information. The selection of a tag SNP as a representative of these groups reduces the amount of redundancy when analyzing parts of the genome associated with traits/diseases. The regions of the genome in high LD that harbor a specific set of SNPs that are inherited together are also known as haplotypes. Therefore tag SNPs are representative of all SNPs within a haplotype.
Haplotypes.
The selection of tag SNPs is dependent on determination of haplotype blocks present in the genome. Most sequencing technologies provide the genotypic information and not the haplotypes i.e. they provide information on the specific bases that are present but do not provide phasic information (at which specific chromosome each of the bases appear). Determination of haplotypes can be done through molecular methods (Allele Specific PCR, Somatic cell hybrids). These methods distinguish which allele is present at which chromosome by separating the chromosomes before genotyping. They can be very time-consuming and expensive, so statistical inference methods have been developed as a less expensive and automated option. These statistical-inference software packages utilize parsimony, maximum likelihood, and Bayesian algorithms to determine haplotypes. Disadvantage of statistical-inference is that a proportion of the inferred haplotypes could be wrong.
Population differences.
When haplotypes are used for genome wide association studies, it is important to note the population being studied. Often different populations will have different patterns of LD. One example of differentiating patterns are African-descended populations vs. European and Asian-descended populations. Since humans originated in Africa and spread into Europe and then the Asian and American continents, the African populations are the most genetically diverse and have smaller regions of LD while European and Asian-descended populations have larger regions of LD due to founder effect. When LD patterns differ in populations, SNPs can become disassociated with each other due to the changes in haplotype blocks. This means that tag SNPs, as representatives of the haplotype blocks, are unique in populations and population differences should be taken into effect when performing association studies.
Application.
GWAS.
Almost every trait has both genetic and environmental influence. Heritability is the proportion of phenotypic variance that is inherited from our ancestors. Association studies are used to determine the genetic influence on phenotypic presentation. Although mostly used for mapping diseases to genomic areas they can be used to map heritability of any phenotype like height, eye color etc.
Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) use single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) to identify genetic associations with clinical conditions and phenotypic traits. They are hypothesis free and use a whole-genome approach to investigate traits by comparing large group of individuals that express a phenotype with a large group of people that don't. The ultimate goal of GWAS is to determine genetic risk factors that can be used to make predictions about who is at risk for a disease, what are the biological underpinnings of disease susceptibility and creating new prevention and treatment strategies. The National Human Genome Research Institute publishes a "Catalog of Published Genome-Wide Association Studies" that highlights statistically significant associations between hundreds of SNPs with a broad range of phenotypes.
Due to the large number of possible SNP variants (almost 13 million as of June 2008 ) it is still very expensive to sequence all SNPs. That is why GWAS use customizable arrays (SNP chips) to genotype only a subset of the variants identified as tag snps. Most GWAS use products from the two primary genotyping platforms. The Affymetrix platform prints DNA probes on a glass or silicone chip that hybridize to specific alleles in the sample DNA. The Illumina platform uses bead-based technology, with longer DNA sequences and produces better specificity. Both platforms are able to genotype more than a million tag SNPs using either pre-made or custom DNA oligos.
Genome-wide studies are predicated on the common disease-common variant (CD/CV) hypothesis which states that common disorders are influenced by common genetic variation. Effect size (penetrance) of the common variants needs to be smaller relative to those found in rare disorders. That means that the common SNP can explain only a small portion of the variance due to genetic factors and that common diseases are influenced by multiple common alleles of small effect size. Another hypothesis is that common diseases are caused by rare variants that are synthetically linked to common variants. In that case the signal produced from GWAS is an indirect (synthetic) association between one or more rare causal variants in linkage disequilibrium. It is important to recognize that this phenomenon is possible when selecting a group for tag SNPs. When a disease is found to be associated with a haplotype, some SNPs in that haplotype will have synthetic association with the disease. To pinpoint the causal SNPs we need a greater resolution in the selection of haplotype blocks. Since whole genome sequencing technologies are rapidly changing and becoming less expensive it is likely that they will replace the current genotyping technologies providing the resolution needed to pinpoint causal variants.
HapMap.
Because whole genome sequencing of individuals is still cost prohibitive, the international HapMap Project was constructed with a goal to map the human genome to haplotype groupings (haplotype blocks) that can describe common patterns of human genetic variation. By mapping the entire genome to haplotypes, tag SNPs can be identified to represent the haplotype blocks examined by genetic studies. An important factor to consider when planning a genetic study is the frequency and risk incurred by specific alleles. These factors can vary in different populations so the HapMap project used a variety of sequencing techniques to discover and catalog SNPs from different sets of populations. Initially he project sequenced individuals from Yoruba population of African origin (YRI), residents of Utah with western European ancestry (CEU), unrelated individuals from Tokyo, Japan (JPT) and unrelated Han Chinese individuals from Beijing, China (CHB). Recently their datasets have been expanded to include other populations (11 groups) 
Selection and Evaluation.
Steps for tag SNP selection.
Selection of maximum informative tag SNPs is an NP complex problem. However algorithms can be devised to provide approximate solution within a margin of error. The criteria that are needed to define each tag SNP selection algorithm is the following:
Feature selection.
Methods for selecting features fall into two categories: filter methods and wrapper methods. Filter algorithms are general preprocessing algorithms that do not assume the use of a specific classification method. Wrapper algorithms, in contrast, “wrap” the feature selection around a specific classifier and select a subset of features based on the classifier’s accuracy using cross-validation.
The feature selection method suitable for selecting tag SNPs must have the following characteristics:
Selection Algorithms.
Several algorithms have been proposed for selecting tag SNPs. The first approach was based on the measure of goodness of SNP sets and searched for SNP subsets that are small in size but attain high value of the defined measure. Examining every SNP subset to find good ones is computationally feasible only for small data sets.
Another approach uses principal component analysis (PCA) to find subsets of SNPs capturing majority of the data variance. A sliding windows method is employed to repeatedly apply PCA to short chromosomal regions. This reduces the data produced and also does not require exponential search time. Yet it is not feasible to apply the PCA method to large chromosomal data sets as it is computationally complex.
The most commonly used approach, block-based method, exploits the principle of linkage disequilibrium observed within haplotype blocks. Several algorithms have been devised to partition chromosomal regions into haplotype blocks which are based on haplotype diversity, LD, four-gamete test and information complexity and tag SNPs are selected from all SNPs that belong to that block. The main presumption in this algorithm is that the SNPs are biallelic. The main drawback is that the definition of blocks is not always straightforward. Even though there is a list of criteria for forming the haplotype blocks, there is no consensus on the same. Also, local correlations based selection of tag SNPs ignores inter-block correlations.
Unlike the block-based approach, a block-free approach does not rely on the block structure. The SNP frequency and recombination rates are known to vary across the genome and some studies have reported LD distances much longer than the reported maximum block sizes. Setting a strict border for the neighborhood is not desired and the block-free approach looks for tag SNPs globally. There are several algorithms to perform this. In one algorithm, the non-tagging SNPs are represented as boolean functions of tag SNPs and set theory techniques are used to reduce search space. Another algorithm searches for subsets of markers that can come from non-consecutive blocks. Due to the marker neighborhood, the search space is reduced.
Optimizations.
With the number of individuals genotyped and number of SNPs in databases growing, tag SNP selection takes too much time to compute. In order to improve the efficiency of the tag SNP selection method, the algorithm first ignores the SNPs being biallelic, and then compresses the length (SNP number) of the haplotype matrix by grouping the SNP sites with the same information. The SNP sites that partition the haplotypes into the same group are called redundant sites. The SNP sites which contain distinct information within a block are called non-redundant sites (NRS). In order to further compress the haplotype matrix, the algorithm needs to find the tag SNPs such that all haplotypes of the matrix can be distinguished. By using the idea of joint partition, an efficient tag SNPs selection algorithm is provided.
Validation of the accuracy of the algorithm.
Depending on how the tag SNPs are selected, different prediction methods have been used during the cross-validation process. Machine learning method was employed to predict the left-out haplotype. Another approach predicted the alleles of a non-tagging SNP n from the tag SNPs that had the highestcorrelation coefficient with n. If a single highly correlated tag SNP t is found, the alleles are assigned so their frequencies agree with the allele frequencies of t. When multiple tagging SNPs have the same (high) correlation coefficient with n, the common allele of n has advantage. It is easy to see that in this case the prediction method agrees well with the selection method, which uses PCA on the matrix of correlation coefficients between SNPs.
There are other ways to assess the accuracy of a tag SNP selection method. The accuracy can be evaluated by the quality measure R2 , which is the measure of association between the true numbers of haplotype copies defined over the full set of SNPs and the predicted number of haplotype copies where the prediction is based on the subset of tagging SNPs. This measure assumes diploid data and explicit inference of haplotypes from genotypes.
Another assessment method due to Clayton is based on a measure of the diversity of haplotypes. The diversity is defined as the total number of differences in all pairwise comparison between haplotypes. The difference between a pair of haplotypes is the sum of differences over all the SNPs. The Clayton’s diversity measure can be used to define how well a set of tag SNPs differentiate different haplotypes. This measure is suitable only for haplotype blocks with limited haplotype diversity and it is not clear how to use it for large data sets consisting of multiple haplotype blocks.
Some recent works evaluate tag SNPs selection algorithms based on how well the tagging SNPs can be used to predict non-tagging SNPs. The prediction accuracy is determined using cross-validation such as leave-one-out or hold out. In leave-one-out cross-validation, for each sequence in the data set, the algorithm is run on the rest of the data set to select a minimum set of tagging SNPs.
Tools.
Tagger.
Tagger is a web tool available for evaluating and selecting tag SNPs from genotypic data such as the International HapMap Project. It utilizes pairwise methods and multimarker haplotype approaches. Users can upload HapMap genotype data or pedigree format and the linkage disequilibrium patterns will be calculated. Tagger options allow for the user to specify chromosomal landmarks, which indicate regions of interest in the genome for picking tag SNPs. The program then produces a list of tag SNPs and their statistical test values as well as a coverage report. It is developed by Paul de Bakker in the labs of David Altshuler and Mark Daly at the Center for Human Genetic Research of Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, at the Broad Institute.
CLUSTAG and WCLUSTAG.
In the freeware (free software) CLUSTAG and WCLUSTAG, there contain cluster and set-cover algorithms to obtain a set of tag SNPs that can represent all the known SNPs in a chromosomal region. The programs are implemented with Java, and they can run in Windows platform as well as the Unix environment. They are developed by SIO-IONG AO et al. in The University of Hong Kong. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003873" title="Dean Beckwith">
Dean Beckwith

Dean Stuart Beckwith (born 18 September 1983) is an English footballer who plays as a central defender. He plays for Eastleigh, signing for them in January 2013 having had his contract terminated by mutual consent with Luton Town.
Career.
Early career.
Beckwith was born in Southwark, London and came through the youth system at Gillingham. He turned professional in July 2003 but was to make only two first team appearances for the Gills. He went out on loan to Dagenham & Redbridge where he scored his first senior goal against his future club Hereford in a televised 1–1 draw at Edgar Street. He captained Gillingham reserves in the 2004–05 season and made his debut for the first team in the FA Cup defeat to Portsmouth. He also had a loan spell at Margate of the Conference South, making five appearances. After making his Football League debut on 5 March 2005 against Rotherham United, he was released at the end of the season.
Hereford United.
He signed for Hereford on 12 July 2005 and scored on his league debut in the 4–0 win over Scarborough. As the season progressed he became a first team regular at centre-back and scored the equaliser in the 2–2 draw at Grays Athletic, preserving Hereford's then unbeaten run in the Conference. Promotion to the Football League followed at the end of the season, and Beckwith signed a new contract shortly after Hereford's playoff triumph.
With both Richard Rose and Phil Gulliver competing for places alongside captain Tamika Mkandawire, Beckwith made less appearances than in the previous season. He was also sent off twice in the season, his second red at Walsall was extremely questionable and prompted rare criticism of the referee by Graham Turner.
He was the first choice centre back in the 2007–08 season, starting 46 out of a possible 55 first team matches. A broken jaw sustained against Chester City sidelined him for six matches, and he made his 100th league appearance for Hereford in the 2–0 win over Wrexham. Third place and promotion was secured with a match to spare, and Beckwith remained with Hereford during their solitary season in League One. He got the Bulls off to an initial good start, scoring the opening goal of the season against Leyton Orient, but this was a rare highlight in a season that saw Hereford finish bottom.
Beckwith's last match for the Bulls saw him come on as a substitute against Northampton Town in a 2–1 defeat. At the end of the season newly appointed Hereford manager John Trewick chose not to offer Beckwith a new contract, stating that Beckwith was in need of a change of club.
Beckwith made a total of 153 appearances for Hereford United in the Conference, Football League, FA Cup, League Cup, FA Trophy, Football League Trophy and play-off matches. He scored five goals and was the final player of the 2006 play-off winning team to depart.
Northampton Town.
On 29 June 2009, Beckwith joined Northampton Town and was released in 2011 after he made 75 appearances and 3 goals for the Cobblers.
Luton Town.
On 14 June 2011, Beckwith became the second signing of the summer for Luton Town after Gary Brabin took over as full-time manager of the "Hatters". He made his Luton debut on 17 August 2011 against Forest Green Rovers, scoring the equalising goal in a 1–1 draw.
On 8 January 2013 Beckwith left Luton by mutual consent after 18 months with the Hatters. In total Beckwith, made 21 appearances in Luton colours, scoring two goals – including one in a 3–2 victory over Cambridge United in September 2012.
Eastleigh.
On 8 January 2013, the day of his contract termination with Luton Town Beckwith signed for Eastleigh. He made his Eastleigh debut that day against Billericay Town, scoring the opening goal on his debut after just 8 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="6003880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003880" title="Zygiella">
Zygiella

Zygiella is a spider genus in the family Araneidae.

</doc>
<doc id="6003884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003884" title="Collar Laundry Union">
Collar Laundry Union

The Collar Laundry Union was the first all-female labor union in the United States. It was started in Troy, New York by Kate Mullany in 1864. 
At the time, being a laundress was a difficult job. An almost exclusively female occupation, laundresses worked 12 to 14 hours a day for very low pay in very hot buildings (which led to the origination of the term "sweatshop"). Working conditions were often unsafe, as laundresses used boiling water, strong chemicals, and hot irons. If damage occurred to an article of clothing during the laundering process, the cost of repair or replacement would be taken from the worker's pay.
Mullany, only 19 years old at the time, was inspired by the success of men's labor unions. Along with co-worker Esther Keegan, she convinced their fellow workers to protest their low wages and unsafe working conditions by forming a union. On February 23, 1864, 300 members of the union went on strike. After six days, the laundry owners gave in to their demands and raised wages 25 percent.
In September 1868, Mullany was chosen to be the assistant secretary and national organizer for women of the National Labor Union in New York City. She was the first woman ever appointed to an office at the National Labor Union.
Mullany's home at 350 8th Street in Troy, the Kate Mullany House, was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6003890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003890" title="Steve Parkin">
Steve Parkin

Stephen John "Steve" Parkin (born 7 November 1965) is an English former footballer and manager, currently working as assistant manager at Bradford City. He played for Mansfield Town, Stoke City and West Bromwich Albion and has been manager of Barnsley, Mansfield Town and Rochdale (two spells).
Playing career.
Parkin was born in Mansfield and began his career with Stoke City, captaining the youth team to the final of the FA Youth Cup in 1984 where they lost out to Everton. He made his senior debut against Nottingham Forest in 1982–83 and was part of the defence which kept a clean sheet in a 1–0 victory. He played 16 games in 1984–85 in which was an awful season for Stoke as they suffered an embarrassing relegation, going down with a then record low points tally of 17. Parkin played 18 games in 1985–86 under new manager Mick Mills and fully established himself in the side in 1986–87 making 46 appearances as Stoke missed out on the play-offs by six points.
He played in 50 matches in 1987–88 before a groin injury restricted him to only four appearances in 1988–89. Parkin then moved on to West Bromwich Albion where he spent three seasons making 54 appearances scoring twice. He joined his home-town club Mansfield Town in July 1992 and was a player at Field Mill for four seasons making 96 appearances scoring four goals before retiring to become manager of the club. 
Managerial career.
Mansfield Town.
Parkin started his managerial career at Mansfield Town at the start of the 1996–97 season after Andy King was sacked. Parkin, only 30 at the time, and club captain, took over as a caretaker manager, but went to last three seasons with the Stags, missing out closely on the play-offs in two of his three seasons. Parkin left Mansfield after his position became untenable due to a transfer embargo on the Nottinghamshire club, and joined Rochdale in the summer before the 1999–2000 season.
Rochdale.
Parkin's first spell at Rochdale was a great success, and he lifted the Lancashire club from the depths of the league to an 8th place finish in his first season. The team's success paved the way for big money signings like Paul Connor and Clive Platt.
Barnsley.
On 9 November 2001 Parkin left Spotland and joined Barnsley. Parkin's spell at Barnsley was not a productive or a successful one. Barnsley were in the relegation place at the time of his take over in Division One and with a small transfer budget, Parkin could not improve their position and Barnsley were relegated in April 2002. With debt-ridden Barnsley struggling to stave off a second successive relegation, on 15 October 2002, the club went into administration and Parkin along with his assistant Tony Ford both lost their jobs. 
Parkin did not find a managerial position for 14 months after his departure from Barnsley, although he expressed an interest in taking over at Colchester United. He became assistant manager at Notts County shortly after his sacking.
Return to Rochdale.
In December 2003, Parkin went back to his former job at Rochdale, where Ford had already been re-employed as assistant-manager to Parkin's predecessor Alan Buckley. His first duty was to save Rochdale from relegation that season, which he did with a few games to spare, adding talent such as Grant Holt to the ranks, although Rochdale's final position was lower than when he took over. His second season saw Dale nearly reach the play-offs, but stumble late in the season. In the 2005–06 season, Parkin guided the club to what many saw as a backward step, only narrowly avoiding relegation. 
Both Parkin and Dale were under an increasingly significant amount of pressure following a poor start to the 2006–07 season, which saw Rochdale gain only six points from eight matches. During the course of the season Dale lost arguably one of their best players of recent years. Rickie Lambert, an Attacking Midfielder/Striker who was sold to Bristol Rovers for £200,000 on transfer deadline day in August 2006. Parkin's position became untenable and he was sacked shortly before Christmas. 
Coaching career.
In January 2007 he was installed as the first-team coach for Championship side Hull City, working alongside Phil Brown and Brian Horton. On 15 March 2010 he took over as joint caretaker manager with Brian Horton after Phil Brown was put on gardening leave. In June 2010 Nigel Pearson was appointed at the full-time successor to Phil Brown, and opted to bring his own backroom staff with him from his previous position at Leicester City, bringing to an end Parkin's association with the club.
On 6 October 2010, it was announced that Parkin would be swapping the north for the south bank of the Humber, joining newly appointed manager Ian Baraclough at Scunthorpe United. Parkin joined Bradford City as assistant manager to Phil Parkinson on 22 September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6003891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003891" title="Camera 40 Productions">
Camera 40 Productions

Camera 40 Productions is an independent film production company based in Utah, USA. The company was formed in 2001 by filmmakers Jason Faller, Andrew Black and Kynan Griffin while they were attending film school.
Filmography.
Released:

</doc>
<doc id="6003894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003894" title="Omari Tetradze">
Omari Tetradze

Omari Mikhailovich Tetradze () (born 13 October 1969 as Omari Mikhailovich Osipov) is a former football player of Georgian Greek descent who, during his playing career, represented Russia at international level. He is currently head coach of FC Zhetysu 
Early life.
Known as Omari Osipov until the age of 18, he decided to change surname when he turned professional. It was the run-up to the USSR breakup and the nationalist sentiments in Georgia were strong enough to affect the young player's career. Because of that, Omari took his maternal grandmother's Georgian surname – Tetradze. Later he considered restoring his original surname, but decided it would cause too many problems.
Career.
At club level, he played for Dinamo Tbilisi, FC Dynamo Moscow, Alania Vladikavkaz (where he won a Russian league championship medal in 1995), AS Roma, and PAOK Salonika (Greece).
International career.
He played for Russia at international level, and appeared at USA 94 and Euro 96. At the latter tournament, he played superbly in each of Russia's three games despite the team's poor results, and was arguably the best right-back in the competition.
Managing career.
After finishing his playing career in 2005, he became an assistant coach at Krylia Sovetov Samara. He was later the manager of Anzhi Makhachkala. He threatened to resign the post in September 2008 following a 1–0 defeat against Belgorod, but subsequently stayed on as manager. Anzhi finally returned to Russian Premier League for 2010 season after finishing champion in First Division. On 19 March 2010 the Coach has quit Anzhi Makhachkala.
Personal life.
In the early 1990s he received Greek citizensip but later renounced it. Tetradze considers himself to be a Greek by ethnicity, but says Georgia is his homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="6003902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003902" title="Arthur Annesley, 11th Viscount Valentia">
Arthur Annesley, 11th Viscount Valentia

Arthur Annesley, 11th Viscount Valentia CB, KCVO, JP (23 August 1843 – 20 January 1927) was a British soldier, courtier and Conservative politician. He notably served as Comptroller of the Household between 1898 and 1905.
Background and education.
Annesley was the eldest son of the Honourable Arthur Annesley by his wife Flora Macdonald, daughter of Colonel Reginald George Macdonald of Clanranald. His father died when he was one year old and he succeeded his grandfather in the viscountcy in 1863. He was educated at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. 
Military career.
Annesley joined the 10th Hussars in 1864 and was promoted to lieutenant in 1868. He retired from the Army in 1872. In January 1900, Lord Valentia joined the Imperial Yeomanry Cavalry for service in the Second Boer War in South Africa. He served as Assistant Adjutant-General for Imperial Yeomanry, with the temporary rank of Colonel, and was mentioned in despatches and appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in November 1900 for his services. Upon relinquishing his commission, he was granted, on 1 January 1901, the honorary rank of Colonel in the Army.
Political career.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Oxfordshire for 1874–75. The viscountcy of Valentia was an Irish peerage and did not entitle Annesley to an automatic seat in the House of Lords. He was instead elected Member of Parliament for Oxford in 1895, a seat he held until 1917. 
He served as Comptroller of the Household under Lord Salisbury from 1898 to 1902 and under Arthur Balfour from 1902-05. He was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO) in July 1901. When the coalition government was formed in 1915, Lord Valentia was appointed a Lord in Waiting, a post he held until 1924.
In 1917 he was created Baron Annesley of Bletchington, in the County of Oxford, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, which entitled him to a seat in the House of Lords. He was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in 1923. 
Family.
Lord Valentia married, on 30 January 1878, Laura Sarah Webb, daughter of Daniel Hale Webb, of Wykeham Park, Oxfordshire, and widow of Sir Algernon William Peyton, 4th Baronet. They had two sons and six daughters. 
Death.
Lord Valentia died in January 1927, aged 83, and was succeeded by his younger son, the Hon. Caryl Arthur James Annesley, as Lord Valentia's elder son, the Hon. Arthur Annesley, was killed in action in 1914.
Polo.
He was the Chairman of the Hurlingham Club Committee and the National Polo Pony Society.

</doc>
<doc id="6003907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003907" title="Ben Howard (baseball)">
Ben Howard (baseball)

Benjamin Richard Howard (born January 15, 1979 in Danville, Illinois) is a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Howard split the season between the Syracuse Chiefs, the Triple-A affiliate of the Toronto Blue Jays, and the Buffalo Bisons, the Triple-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians. He was granted free agency by the Indians' on July 16, 2006. Howard spent all the season playing for the Iowa Cubs, the Triple-A affiliate of the Chicago Cubs. Howard signed a minor league contract with the Boston Red Sox in January . After being released in late March, he was signed to a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers and was assigned to their Triple-A Nashville Sounds. Howard was released on August 12, 2008, while playing for Double-A Huntville.
Major league career.
Howard spent the and seasons with the San Diego Padres and the season with the Florida Marlins. In 2002, while at spring training with the Padres, Howard was involved in a single-car crash that killed teammate Mike Darr.

</doc>
<doc id="6003910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003910" title="Amati-Denak">
Amati-Denak

Amati-Denak is a manufacturer of wind and percussion instruments, parts, and accessories. Located in the Czech Republic, their products include clarinets, flutes, bassoons, saxophones, trumpets, cornets, flugelhorns, alto horns, mellophones, baritone horns, euphoniums, trombones, tubas, horns, and bugles.
Background.
The company owns the "Amati", "Stowasser" and "V. F. Červený & Söhne" brands, which used to be independent companies themselves. The people who make the instruments are Czech craftsman. Amati is one of the largest instrument manufacturers in Europe. The Amati products are tested and adjusted before they are sold to businesses and customers. Amati Denak's musical instruments are manufactured in cities of Kraslice and Hradec Kralove. Amati currently has around 200 employees. The main factory of the company is located in the western part of the Czech Republic in Kraslice. The second factory is located in Hradec Králové. Amati provides tours where the visitors can see how the instruments are made from the beginning stages to the end. The tour is estimated to take about 90 minutes. 
Products.
Amati-Denak manufactures wind musical instruments, clarinets, trumpets, flutes, bassoons, saxophones, tubas, woodwinds, cases, stands, and other accessories. 
Distribution.
Amati-Denak distributes its products to the continents of Europe, America, Asia, Africa, and Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="6003911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003911" title="Grace Darmond">
Grace Darmond

Grace Darmond (November 20, 1893 - October 8, 1963) was a Canadian-born American actress from the early 20th century.
Early life.
Grace Darmond was born Grace Glionna in Toronto on November 20, 1893. Her parents were James Glionna, a U.S.-born musician who had lived in Canada since 1877, and Alice Glionna, an Ontario native.
Career.
Darmond was active onscreen between 1914 and 1927. She starred in the first Technicolor film, "The Gulf Between" (1917), with actor Niles Welch. The film premiered on September 13 in Boston and on September 21 at the Aeolian Hall in New York City. However, when the film went into limited release in early 1918 on a tour of Eastern U. S. cities, it was a critical and commercial failure. The early Technicolor process ("System 1") was an additive color process which required a special projector, and which suffered from "fringing" and "haloing" of colors.
Darmond was pretty, slender, and starred in many notable films of the period, but never was able to break through as a leading actress in big budget films. Most of her roles were in support of bigger names of the time, and most of her starring roles were smaller, lesser known films. Her breakthrough role came in "Below the Surface" (1920), in which she starred with Hobart Bosworth and Lloyd Hughes., and that same year she played in "A Dangerous Adventure", produced and directed by Warner Brothers. This led to her being cast alongside Boris Karloff in the mystery thriller "The Hope Diamond Mystery" (1921). In the July edition of "Motion Picture Magazine", she was featured in an article by Joan Tully entitled "Mantled With Shyness (A Word Portrait of Grace Darmond)".
Sexuality.
She was reportedly lesbian. Although performing in a substantial number of films over roughly 13 years, she was best known in Hollywood's inner circle as the lesbian lover to actress Jean Acker, the first wife to actor Rudolph Valentino. She was also associated, as many struggling actresses of the day were, with the powerful actress Alla Nazimova, who was the former lover to Acker, although it has never been verified that Nazimova and Darmond were ever linked romantically. She and Acker attended parties at Nazimova's Garden of Allah, an imposing house named punningly after a Robert Smythe Hichens play Nazimova had appeared in. 
She and Jean Acker met in 1918, and became lovers shortly thereafter. Acker met relatively unknown actor Valentino only a few months later, at a party at Nazimova's home. She and Valentino began dating, but reportedly never had sexual relations. They married in 1919, but on their wedding night, Acker fled the house and ran to Darmond's home, stating that it was her that she loved. The marriage is alleged to have never been consummated, and Acker filed for a legal separation in 1921, and later filed charges of bigamy against Valentino when he married designer Natacha Rambova in Mexico later on.
However, the evidence that Grace Darmond was a lesbian and not bisexual is far from conclusive and clearly open to debate and requiring more research, as according to IMDb she was twice married, firstly, very briefly to Henry J. Matson; she was married 16 March 1926 and divorced 18 December 1926; she then married Randolph N. Jennings in January 1928.
Darmond and Acker reportedly remained lovers through most of the 1920s. Her last most notable film was "Wide Open" (1927), starring Lionel Belmore and Dick Grace. When the advent of talkies came about, Darmond, like so many actresses and actors from the silent film era, was not able to make a successful transition. She ended her acting career, and for the most part disappeared from the public eye until her death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="6003924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003924" title="Black Moon Rising">
Black Moon Rising

Black Moon Rising is an action motion picture made in 1986 directed by Harley Cokeliss, written by John Carpenter and starring Tommy Lee Jones, Linda Hamilton and Robert Vaughn, plus Keenan Wynn in his final screen role. The focus of the film was the theft of a prototype vehicle called the Black Moon.
Plot.
Working for the US Government to retrieve a cassette with vital information, Sam Quint, a former CIA agent (Jones), runs into Marvin Ringer (Lee Ving), another hitman he replaced, who is after the same cassette. In a desperate attempt to evade Ringer and get the tape back to a government official (played by Bubba Smith), Quint hides the cassette in a 300-MPH prototype vehicle, the Black Moon, which is on a transporter destined for a public presentation in Los Angeles.
Before Quint can recover the cassette, Nina (Hamilton) steals the Black Moon, with Quint on her tail, and returns it to a warehouse, the headquarters for the car thief ring headed by Ed Ryland (Vaughn). Quint must lure Nina into helping him recover the Black Moon, with the help of its driver and his crew, and make it out alive with the cassette and the car before the next day.
Car.
The Black Moon was based on the 1980 Wingho Concordia II designed by Bernard Beaujardins and Clyde Kwok, made by Wingho Auto Classique in Montreal. Only one of these had been built, so in the movie, a copy of the car cast from a mold was used for stunts, as well as a third replica of the interior only.

</doc>
<doc id="6003931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003931" title="Care2">
Care2

Care2 is a social network website that was founded by Randy Paynter in 1998 to help connect activists from around the world.
Care2's stated mission is to help people make the world a better place by connecting them with the individuals, organizations and responsible businesses making an impact.
Overview.
Care2 members create an online identity by filling out a profile with personal information, as in most social networking sites, but Care2 also asks for more information about its members' involvement in activism and personal life. The social interactions on Care2 revolve around groups that connect people who care about similar issues. Internet petitions and news articles posted by members are also frequently used.
Security breach.
On December 28, 2011 there was a security breach at Care2 in which their servers were attacked and password data that they stored unencrypted on their servers was accessed by hackers.

</doc>
<doc id="6003939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003939" title="Anthoxanthum gracila">
Anthoxanthum gracila

Anthoxanthum gracila is an ornamental plant.

</doc>
<doc id="6003942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003942" title="Anavryti">
Anavryti

Anavryti (Greek: Αναβρυτή) may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6003948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003948" title="Hippolochus">
Hippolochus

Hippolochus () was a Macedonian writer, a student of Theophrastus, who addressed to his fellow-student Lynceus of Samos a description of a wedding feast in Macedon in the early 3rd century BC. The bridegroom was a certain Caranus, probably a relative of the Caranus who had been a companion of Alexander the Great. The letter survives because it is quoted at length by Athenaeus in the "Deipnosophistae".
Hippolochus (mythology).
In Greek mythology, Hippolochus was the name of a son of Bellerophon and Philonoe. He was brother of Isander and Laodamia. He was also father or stepfather of Glaucus II (not to be confused with Glaucus, who was the father or stepfather of Bellerophon).

</doc>
<doc id="6003954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003954" title="SAE J1587">
SAE J1587

J1587 is an automotive diagnostic protocol standard developed by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) for heavy-duty and most medium-duty vehicles built after 1985. The J1587 protocol uses different diagnostic connectors. Up to 1995, individual OEMs used their own connectors. From 1996 to 2001, the 6-pin Deutsch-connector was standard. Beginning in 2001, most OEMs converted to the 9-pin Deutsch. Some OEMs still use the 6-pin Deutsch. It has mostly been used for US made vehicles, and also by Volvo. Other European brands have usually used KWP.
The pinout for the 9-pin connector
is:
The pinout for the 6-pin connector is:
SAE J1708 makes up the physical and data link layers while SAE J1587 makes up the transport and application layers with respect to the OSI model. SAE J1587 is used in conjunction with SAE J1708 for automobile communication.

</doc>
<doc id="6003961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003961" title="Henry William Newlands">
Henry William Newlands

Henry William Newlands (March 19, 1862–April 25, 1954) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, and served as Saskatchewan's fourth Lieutenant Governor.
Born in March 1862 in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Newlands was called to the Nova Scotia Bar in 1883, after which he would go on to have an important role in the domain of law. That same year, he moved to Western Canada, residing briefly in Winnipeg.
In 1885, Newlands moved to Prince Albert, Saskatchewan where he practiced law. He also served as inspector of land titles offices in the Northwest Territories as well as law adviser to the Yukon Executive Council. In 1902, Newlands served as Acting Commissioner for several months when Commissioner James Hamilton Ross was elected MP for Yukon in the Canadian House of Commons.
On February 5, 1904, he was named a Justice of the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories, and continued to hold on to the job following the creation of the province of Saskatchewan in 1905.
In 1920, Newlands was named a Judge of the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal. Only one year later, Newlands was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Saskatchewan and would remain in office for a decade.
Newlands died in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="6003963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003963" title="Concessions in China">
Concessions in China

Concessions in China were a group of ceded territories within China governed and occupied by foreign powers that are frequently associated with colonialism. Most had extraterritoriality and were enclaves inside key cities that became treaty ports. Other than other minor extraterritorial regions, these concessions no longer exist. The sovereignty of the last two European territories in China, Hong Kong and Macau, although not concessions but rather colonies, were transferred to the government of the People's Republic of China in 1997 and 1999 respectively.
Overview.
China granted the majority of the concessions as a result of the Qing era (16441911) series of Unequal Treaties, which began with the 1842 Treaty of Nanking with Great Britain. Under each treaty, China was usually obligated to open more treaty ports for trade and lease out more territory as part of the concession, if not surrender it entirely. The one exception was Macau, which had been leased to Portugal during the Ming Dynasty (13681644).
There were a varying number of concessions in each city Tianjin for example was home to a total of nine at the height of the era. Although the concessions were usually under the control of a single Western power or the Empire of Japan, in the case of the Shanghai International Settlement, Great Britain and the United States merged their concessions while the French maintained a separate jurisdiction.
In these concessions, the citizens of each foreign power were given the right to freely inhabit, trade, proselytise and travel. They developed their own cultures distinct from the rest of China, because each administration would try to make their concession look "like home". Churches, public houses, and various other western commercial institutions sprang up in the concessions. In the case of Japan, its own traditions and language naturally flourished. Ironically, some of these concessions eventually had more advanced architecture of each originating culture than most cities back in the countries of the foreign powers.
Chinese were originally forbidden from most of the concessions, but to improve commercial activity and services, by the 1860s most concessions permitted Chinese, but treated them like second-class citizens as they were not citizens of the foreign state administering the concession. They eventually became the majority of the residents inside the concessions. Non-Chinese in the concessions were generally subject to consular law, and some of these laws applied to the Chinese residents.
Each concession also had its own police force, and different legal jurisdictions with their own separate laws. Thus, an activity might be legal in one concession but illegal in another.
Many of the concessions also maintained their own military garrison and standing army. Military and police forces of the Chinese government were sometimes present. Some police forces allowed Chinese; others did not. At the start of the Second Sino-Japanese War, the standing army in the Japanese concessions would be used against Chinese forces.
In major cities like Shanghai and Tianjin, because there were so many jurisdictions in one area criminals could commit a crime in one jurisdiction and easily escape to another. This became a major problem during the Republican era in the early 20th century, with the rise of Chinese warlordism and the collapse of central authority. Crime often flourished, especially organized crime. Some efforts were made by the foreign powers to have the different police forces cooperate and work together, but not with huge success. The image of gangsters and triads conjured up when the major cities and concessions of the era were mentioned is often precisely due to extraterritoriality within the cities.

</doc>
<doc id="6003967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003967" title="Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi">
Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi

Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi ("Mom, Dad and a Tamil Girl") is a Tollywood film directed by Puri Jagannadh that was released on 19 April 2003. Ravi Teja plays the lead role. Asin Thottumkal, Prakash Raj and Jayasudha play supporting roles. This film won 3 Filmfare Awards South Best Supporting Actress, Best Actress & Best Comedian Categories.
This movie was remade in Tamil as "M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi" with Jayam Ravi, Asin and Nadhiya playing the lead roles. It was also remade in Kannada as "Maurya" with Puneet Rajkumar. The plot resembles story lines from the Hollywood movies "Over the Top" and "Rocky V" both starring Sylvester Stallone.
Plot.
Chandu (Ravi Teja)'s entire life is about his mother, Lakshmi (Jayasudha), a college lecturer. They together live in Hyderabad. When Chandu was a little boy, Lakshmi separated from her husband, Raghuveer (Prakash Raj), who is his father. Chandu is a great kick-boxer, and is very passionate. Chandu later meets Mugaambigaambaal (Asin) aka Chennai, a Tamil girl from Chennai, and starts to fall in love with her. Chandu's happy life is suddenly jolted when his mother dies of a heart attack. On her deathbed, she tells him to go to Visakhapatnam to meet Raghuveer, who is a kick-boxing champion that won the championship six times in a row. Chandu goes to Visakhapatnam to meet him.
When Chandu reaches Visakhapatnam, he meets his father but sees that he has another wife, named Shalini (Aishwarya Sivachandran) and a daughter named Swapna. He sees that he's happily settled with them and gets angry. He also gets a job as a janitor and juice provider at his father's kick-boxing academy. Anand (Subbaraju) is Raghuveer's best student and he is sure that Anand will win the championship. Unexpectedly, he sees that Mugaambigaambaal's family lives here and talks to her. Later, Chandu finds out that Anand makes Swapna pregnant and then abandons her. Anand also abandons Raghuveer by getting another master and other sponsors. Raghuveer is attacked by several of Anand's sponsors and Chandu later beats them up, making Raghuveer find out that Chandu is a great kick-boxer. Raghuveer also finds out that Chandu was also participating in the kick-boxing championship. The rest of the story is how Raghuveer trains Chandu and wins the championship, how Chandu wins the heart of Mugaambigaambaal, and how he unites Swapna and Anand.
Songs.
The audio launch was held at Viceroy Convention Hall, Viceroy Hotel on 7 April 2003. To suit the title, Poori Jagannath has invited 'Amma Nanna' (Mr. Venkat Rao & Mrs. Anjana) of Chiranjeevi to release the audio cassette. The songs and background score was done by Chakri.

</doc>
<doc id="6003968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003968" title="2001 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup">
2001 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup

The 2001 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ran from June through October, 2001, open to all soccer teams in the United States.
The Los Angeles Galaxy won the tournament with a 2-1 victory over the New England Revolution in extra time in the final at Titan Stadium on the campus of Cal State-Fullerton. 
Four MLS squads were upset in the Second Round. However, one team that held on was the San Jose Earthquakes, who won 7-6 on penalties in the Third Round against the Milwaukee Rampage, then in the Quarters lost to their California rival Los Angeles, but not before an exciting game that in the end saw penalties from all ten position players. LA won 10-9 on PKs after a 1-1 draw. The Seattle Sounders Select had the best performance by a PDL team, defeating the Dallas Burn in extra time in the second round, then lost to the eventual champion Los Angeles 3-1. The farthest run by a lower division team was accomplished by the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, who lost to the Chicago Fire in the Quarterfinals in extra time.
Open Cup Bracket.
"Home teams listed on top of bracket"
Schedule.
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
First round.
Four PDL and four USASA teams start.
Second round.
Twelve MLS, Twelve A-League, and Four D3 Pro League teams enter.

</doc>
<doc id="6003982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003982" title="Dmitri Khlestov">
Dmitri Khlestov

Dmitri Alekseyevich Khlestov (; born 21 January 1971) is a Russian football player. 
He played for FC Spartak Moscow, Beşiktaş J.K. (Turkey), FC Torpedo-Metallurg Moscow and Sokol Saratov.
He played for Russia national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Khlestov is one of the two players (along with his former teammate Dmitri Ananko) who won the Russian League 9 times.
After 2008 he played in some amateur teams. In 2012 he plays in Russian second division (its professional football division).

</doc>
<doc id="6003984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003984" title="Anthoxanthum odoratum">
Anthoxanthum odoratum

Anthoxanthum odoratum, known as sweet vernal grass, holy grass, vanilla grass or buffalo grass, is a short-lived grass found wild in acidic grasslands in Eurasia. It is also grown as a lawn grass and a house plant, due to its sweet scent, and can also be found on unimproved pastures and meadows. "Odoratum" is Latin for "smell as well".
It does not grow well in very dry or waterlogged soil.
Description.
This grass grows in tufts. It can grow up to 100 cm.
The stems are tall, with short but broad green leaves wide, which are slightly hairy. It flowers from April until June, i.e. quite early in the season, with flower spikes of long and crowded spikelets of , oblong shaped, which can be quite dark when young. The lower lemmas have projecting awns. 
The ligules are quite long, up to 5mm, blunt, with hairy fringes around the side.
The scent is particularly strong when dried, and is due to coumarin, a glycoside, and benzoic acid – it smells like fresh hay with a hint of vanilla. The seed head is bright yellow in colour.
Cultivation.
It is grown by scattering seed on tilled ground in the spring through fall, germinating in 4 to 5 days. It prefers sandy loam and acidic conditions (a low pH).
As an agricultural grass it has a low yield, but can grow on land too acidic for other grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="6003986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003986" title="Michael Dellorusso">
Michael Dellorusso

Michael Dellorusso (born August 22, 1983 in White Plains, New York) is a former American soccer player, currently head coach of Arizona United SC in the USL Pro.
Career.
College.
Dellorusso grew up in Columbia, Maryland, attended Wilde Lake High School, and played college soccer at the University of Maryland, College Park from 2001–05. He appeared in 93 games over four seasons, scoring 2 goals and assisting on 20. He was named team captain his junior and senior seasons. 
During his college years he also played in the USL Premier Development League for Chesapeake Dragons.
Professional.
Dellorusso was drafted in the fourth round, 42nd overall, of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. He spent part of his first season on loan with Minnesota Thunder of the USL First Division. In 2007, his second year with the team, Dellorusso made his first career MLS start on October 20, 2007 against the Kansas City Wizards in a 2–0 loss. He played the entire 90 minutes of the game at the right back position and would be his only MLS start of the 2007 season. During the 2008 MLS season, Dellorusso was promoted to the senior roster on May 7, 2007 replacing retired defender Alex Yi. He made eight regular season appearances with FC Dallas, starting one game on September 4, 2008 against the Colorado Rapids in a 1–0 loss.
Dellorusso was released by Dallas on July 23, 2009, and subsequently signed for Austin Aztex. He made 7 league appearances for the Aztex before being released at the end of the season.
In November 2009 Dellorusso signed to play professional indoor soccer for Baltimore Blast in the Major Indoor Soccer League during the 2009/10 USL-1 offseason.
Coaching.
Dellorusso was named head coach of Arizona United SC of the USL Pro on March 28, 2014. Before that, he was an assistant coach for the University of Maryland men's soccer team (2010-2013). 

</doc>
<doc id="6004000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004000" title="Kenny Gattison">
Kenny Gattison

Kenneth Clay Gattison (born May 23, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player and current NBA assistant coach.
College career.
Born in Wilmington, North Carolina, Gattison was a four-year lettermen at Old Dominion University. He is the Sun Belt Conference's all-time rebound leader with 963 recoveries, and ranks fourth all-time at ODU. His 1,623 career points ranks him 11th all-time in ODU history.
Kenny performed 34 double-doubles and had 87 double figure games. Gattison competed in the 1983 National Sports Festival in Colorado Springs for the East Squad. He also was selected to the U.S. Junior World Cup team in 1983. Gattison averaged 16.1 points per game for ODU in 1985 and
17.4 points per game in 1986. He helped lead ODU to two straight NCAA Tournament bids and in his senior year of 1986, the eighth seeded Monarchs defeated West Virginia for ODU's first ever NCAA Division I Tournament win. That same year, Gattison shot .637 (218–342) from the field.
Gattison was named honorable mention All-American by the Associated Press in 1985 and 1986. He was named the Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year in 1986, and was later named to the Sun Belt Conference's All-Decade team. The ODU Alumni Association named Gattison as the 1986 Male Athlete of the Year. Gattison graduated from Old Dominion with a degree in distributive education, specializing in personnel management. Gattison is also a 1991 ODU Sports Hall of Fame inductee.
Professional career.
Gattison was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the 3rd round (55th overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'8" forward-center, he in nine NBA seasons for 3 different teams. He played for the Phoenix Suns (1986–87, 1988), Charlotte Hornets (1989–95) and Vancouver Grizzlies (1995–96). On February 22, 1996 he was traded by the Grizzlies to the Orlando Magic, and on August 9, 1996 the Magic traded him to Utah Jazz, but he did not appear in any games for those teams.
In his NBA career, Gattison played in 494 games and scored a total of 3,923 points. His best season as a professional came during the 1991–92 NBA season as a member of the Hornets, appearing in 82 games (71 starts) and averaging 12.7 points and 7.1 rebounds per game.
Coaching career.
After retiring, Gattison served as an assistant coach on John Calipari's staff with the New Jersey Nets from 1996–98. He then returned to his alma mater, Old Dominion in 2001 as an assistant coach until 2003 when he was named assistant coach with his former team, the New Orleans (former Charlotte) Hornets. He remained with New Orleans until June 2009.
On July 28, 2010, Gattison was named an assistant coach to the Atlanta Hawks under head coach Larry Drew.
On June 25, 2013, Gattison was named an assistant coach to the Phoenix Suns under former teammate and current head coach Jeff Hornacek.

</doc>
<doc id="6004013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004013" title="Zeiss Planar">
Zeiss Planar

The Zeiss Planar is a photographic lens designed by Paul Rudolph at Carl Zeiss in 1896. Rudolph's original was a six-element symmetrical design.
While very sharp, early versions of the lens suffered from flare due to its many air-to-glass surfaces. Before the introduction of lens coating technology the four-element Tessar, with slightly inferior image quality, was preferred due to its better contrast. In the 1950s, when effective anti-reflective lens coatings became available, coated Planars were produced with much-improved flare. These lenses used the Zeiss T coating system, which had been invented by Olexander Smakula in 1935. They performed very well as normal and medium-long focus lenses for small and medium format cameras. One of the most notable Planar lenses is the high-speed 2.0/110 mm lens for the 2000- and 200-series medium format Hasselblad cameras.

</doc>
<doc id="6004019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004019" title="Shay Astar">
Shay Astar

Shay Astar (born September 29, 1981) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter. She is best known for her work in the late 1990s, portraying the neo-feminist August Leffler, a semi-regular character on the sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun". She also played Elizabeth in the Halloween film "Ernest Scared Stupid," and Paula Kelly in the Boy Meets World
episode "I Am Not a Crook."
Shay Astar portrayed an imaginary friend named Isabella in the "" episode "" in 1992.
She released her first EP, "Blue Music EP," on May 24, 2010. This was followed by her full length debut, "Blue Music" on September 28, 2010.
She was also in the Rifftrax-riffed short educational film, "The Clean Club," a short featuring inappropriately sexualized and militant stop-motion-animated household items and sundries. Astar played the baseball-obsessed tomboy whose toiletries taunt her into washing her hair and face, no matter whether she sees dirt or just feels like there might be dirt there.

</doc>
<doc id="6004021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004021" title="Zeiss Sonnar">
Zeiss Sonnar

The Zeiss Sonnar is a photographic lens originally designed by Dr. Ludwig Bertele in 1929 and patented by Zeiss Ikon. It was notable for its relatively light weight, simple design and fast aperture.
The name "Sonnar" is derived from the German word "Sonne", meaning sun. It was originally a tradename owned by in for a 4.5 Tessar-like lens. Sontheim's coat of arms includes a symbol of the sun. Nettel merged with 's in 1919. The resulting AG in Stuttgart was one of the companies that merged to form the Zeiss Ikon AG in 1926.
When the modern Zeiss lens had been designed by Bertele, Zeiss re-used the old Nettel tradename in order to build on the sun association to emphasize on the lens' large aperture (), which was much greater than many other lenses available at the time.
The first Zeiss production Sonnar was a 1:2.0 50 mm lens with five elements in three groups created for the Zeiss Contax I rangefinder camera in 1932. In 1934, it was reformulated with seven elements in three groups allowing a maximum aperture of .
Compared to Planar designs the Sonnars had more aberrations, but with fewer glass-to-air surfaces it had better contrast and less flare. Though compared to the earlier Tessar design, its faster aperture and lower chromatic aberration was a significant improvement.
The Sonnar has proved to be incompatible in shorter focal lengths with 35mm single-lens reflex (SLR) cameras due to the space taken up by an SLR's mirror. For this reason it has been used most commonly with rangefinder cameras, though Sonnar lenses with longer focal lengths still appear on SLR cameras, most notably the 150 mm and 250 mm lenses for the medium format (MF) Hasselblad V-system. Some portrait Sonnars were also made for large format (LF) cameras, presumably the press cameras - like Sonnar 1:5.6 250 mm for 9×12 cm (4×5") format. Though these lenses were quite heavy (> 2 kg) and large, they were optimised for working on a full aperture with the same sharpness and contrast as on smaller apertures. The coverage of these lenses was also not as good as many similar focal length lenses which limited the use of camera movements. although these are not generally too important for portrait work.
The Sonnar design has been extensively copied by other lens manufacturers, due to its excellent sharpness, low production cost and fast speed. The Soviet factory KMZ produced several lenses that used the Sonnar formula: The KMZ Jupiter-3, Jupiter-8, and Jupiter-9 are direct copies of the Zeiss Sonnar 1:1.5 50 mm, 1:2.0 50 mm and 1:2.0 85 mm respectively.
A zoom lens derivative of the Sonnar, the Vario-Sonnar also exists, in which a number of lens groups are replaced with floating pairs of lens groups.
References.
http://www.antiquecameras.net/sonnarlens.html Sonnar Lens Types for Leica mount

</doc>
<doc id="6004024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004024" title="Breast Cancer Research and Treatment">
Breast Cancer Research and Treatment

Breast Cancer Research and Treatment is a scientific journal focused on the treatment of and investigations in breast cancer. It is targeted towards a wide audience of clinical researchers, epidemiologists, immunologists, or cell biologists interested in breast cancer.
The types of articles in this journal include original research, invited reviews, discussions on controversial issues, book reviews, meeting reports, letters to the editors, and editorials. Manuscripts are peer reviewed by an international and multidisciplinary panel of advisory editors.

</doc>
<doc id="6004027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004027" title="Walther Mayer">
Walther Mayer

Walter Mayer (1887-1948) was an Austrian mathematician, born 1887 in Graz, Austria.
Mayer, who was Jewish, studied at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zürich and the University of Paris before receiving his doctorate in 1912 from the University of Vienna. After serving in the First World War, he lectured at the University of Vienna as Privatdozent (lecturer) with the title "Professor." He made a name for himself in topology (the Mayer–Vietoris sequence), and also worked in differential geometry, publishing the well-known textbook "Duschek-Mayer on Differential Geometry". In 1929, he became Albert Einstein's assistant with the explicit understanding that he work with him on distant parallelism.
From 1931 to 1936, he collaborated with Albert Einstein on the theory of relativity. In 1933, after Hitler's assumption of power, he followed Einstein to the United States and became an associate in mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He died in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="6004031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004031" title="Heinz Heimsoeth">
Heinz Heimsoeth

Heinz Heimsoeth (12 August 1886, Cologne – 10 September 1975, Cologne) was a German historian of philosophy.
Heimsoeth began his studies at Heidelberg in 1905, but soon transferred to Berlin, where he studied with Wilhelm Dilthey, Alois Riehl, and Ernst Cassirer. Due to his interest in Kant he transferred in 1907 to Marburg, where he studied with Hermann Cohen and Paul Natorp. He graduated in 1911 with a thesis on Descartes. After a year studying in Paris with Henri Bergson he was habilitated with a thesis on Leibniz.
After two years teaching at Marburg, he was appointed Professor at the University of Königsberg in 1923. In 1931 he transferred to a chair in philosophy at Cologne.
After the Nazi seizure of power in 1933 Heimsoeth himself joined the Nazi Party and was named Dean of the University of Cologne, a position he held until the 1943/44 academic year. He became Professor Emeritus in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="6004035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004035" title="Velden (Pegnitz)">
Velden (Pegnitz)

Velden is a town in the district Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the Pegnitz River, 16 km south of Pegnitz, and 36 km northeast of Nuremberg (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="6004037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004037" title="Leeds-Northallerton Railway">
Leeds-Northallerton Railway

The Leeds-Northallerton railway is a partly disused railway line between West and North Yorkshire, in northern England.
History.
The line was opened by the Leeds Northern Railway, in the 1850s.
The Leeds and Thirsk Railway via Starbeck opened on 9 July 1848. 
In 1852 as the Leeds Northern Railway the extension to Northallerton and Stockton opened.
The line then became part of the North Eastern Railway in the 1854 amalgamation. 
All three stations at Leeds (Central, Wellington and New) were used at various times.
The section between and is still extant, but its trains now serve a former branch line to instead of continuing through to .
The line north of Harrogate was closed a few years after the publication of Richard Beeching's "The Reshaping of British Railways" report. The route was closed to passenger traffic on 6 March 1967, but a limited number of freight trains used the line to Ripon until 1969. It was supposed that closing this stretch of line would have little impact, since passengers travelling north could join the East Coast Main Line at York. The stretch was temporarily re-opened as an emergency diversionary route during the Thirsk rail crash.
The closure of the northern section of the line meant an end to over 100 years of railway service to the city of Ripon.
List of stations.
"from Leeds"
References.
Bairstow, Martin, "Railways Around Harrogate", ISBN 1-871944-18-X

</doc>
<doc id="6004042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004042" title="Manducatio impiorum">
Manducatio impiorum

Manducatio impiorum ("eating by the impious") or manducatio indignorum ("eating by the unworthy") is the view, held by Martin Luther and Philipp Melanchthon, but denied by Huldrych Zwingli and John Calvin, that even unbelievers who eat and drink the Eucharist eat and drink the body and blood of Christ. It relates to doctrine of the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist, and in particular to the interpretation of :

</doc>
<doc id="6004045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004045" title="Radio România Regional">
Radio România Regional

Radio România Regional is, in fact, the national network of regional state owned radio stations. These are, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6004049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004049" title="Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution">
Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution

"Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution" is a song by the rock band AC/DC. It is the tenth and final track of the album released in 1980 "Back in Black". It is the fourth and final single released of the album. The song reached number 15 on the UK singles charts, the highest placing of any song on the album.
Background.
The band started work on the album just three days after the funeral of Bon Scott, lead singer of the band from late 1974 to 1980. Malcolm Young later explained that ""I thought, 'Well, fuck this, I'm not gonna sit around mopin' all fucking year.' So I just rang Angus and said, 'Do you wanna come back and rehearse?'"". The album was recorded with Brian Johnson, who officially joined the band on April 8, 1980. Angus Young said that, ""We knew if Bon liked him, he must be good, because Bon didn't like many people'"".
During the intro, Brian Johnson lights a cigarette and takes a pull from it. 
The song also appears in videos like "No Bull" (1996), "Family Jewels" (2005) and "Plug Me In" (2007), also appears on the boxset "Bonfire" (1997).
The song appears on the 2003 tribute album by various artists to the band "", it was also covered in 2004 by death metal band Six Feet Under in the album "Graveyard Classics 2". Alex Gibson also covered the song in 2008 from the album "Rockabye Baby!: Lullaby Renditions of AC/DC". The song was also featured in a commercial for Nike in 2006.
It is also the walk-up song for Minnesota Twins first-baseman Justin Morneau.
Track listing.
1980 12 inch single (UK: Atlantic K 11630 (T))
1980 7 inch single (UK: Atlantic K 11630, Australia: Albert Productions AP 400)

</doc>
<doc id="6004064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004064" title="Zygiella atrica">
Zygiella atrica

Zygiella atrica, like other "Zygiella" species, builds an orb web with two missing sectors, and a signalling thread in the center of those, leading to its hideout, whereas young spiders build a complete web.
Unlike "Z. x-notata", this spider is found away from houses, on bushes and rocky sites away from human habitation. It is also more brown.

</doc>
<doc id="6004067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004067" title="Blake Wagner">
Blake Wagner

Blake Wagner (born January 29, 1988 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies in the North American Soccer League.
Career.
Youth.
Wagner was identified by U.S. Soccer (U.S. National Team) when he was 13 through their national Olympic Development Program (ODP). He joined the U-14 National Team and was then recruited to their U-15 residency program at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, where he lived and trained. Through U.S. Soccer, he completed high school a year early at the Edison Academy. Wagner travelled globally with the team and was a starter with the U-17 National team when they played in the Youth World Cup, Peru, 2005.
Wagner at first committed to playing college soccer at the University of Maryland, College Park, but instead chose to join the Generation Adidas program so that he could play professional soccer.
Professional.
Wagner was drafted in the second round, 18th overall, of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. Wagner made his first appearance with FCD's first team on July 19, 2006 as a substitute in a 2-0 friendly match win against UANL Tigres. It would be his only appearance with the first team during his rookie season. In 2007, Blake made his MLS career debut on September 30, 2007 starting in a 0-3 loss against Houston Dynamo. He would make 12 appearances with the team during the 2007 MLS Season. The 2008 MLS Season was a breakout year for the third-year defender. Blake started in 23 of 24 games played and appeared in four of FC Dallas’ six international friendlies.
On February 2, 2010 Vancouver Whitecaps announced the signing of Wagner after he did not re-sign with Dallas. He played his first match with the second division side on July 14, 2010 and played as a left wing midfielder and netted a hat trick in a 3-1 win over Miami FC.
After a successful 2011 preseason trial, Wagner signed with the Major League Soccer version of Vancouver Whitecaps FC on March 11, 2011. The Whitecaps released Wagner on July 28, 2011.
On August 16, 2011 Wagner was signed by Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake. At season's end, the club declined his 2012 contract option and he entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Wagner was not selected in the draft and became a free agent.
Wagner signed with NASL club San Antonio Scorpions in March, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6004089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004089" title="Jj Babbitt">
Jj Babbitt

jj Babbitt is a manufacturer of clarinet and saxophone mouthpieces. The company was founded after World War I by Jesse James Babbitt. Located in Elkhart, Indiana, the company produces mouthpieces under the brand names Guy Hawkins, Otto Link, Meyer, jj Babbitt, Wolfe Tayne, and J & D Hite.

</doc>
<doc id="6004097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004097" title="Administrative divisions of Tver Oblast">
Administrative divisions of Tver Oblast


</doc>
<doc id="6004106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004106" title="Jesse Simons">
Jesse Simons

Jesse Simons (November 5, 1917 – July 8, 2006) was an American labor arbitrator, who helped set in place a system of collective bargaining between New York City (NYC) and its employees.
Early life.
Simons was born in New Haven, Connecticut, he attended the University of Minnesota, the University of Washington and the University of New York, he failed to earn a degree from any of these institutions. Simons was a firm believer in unionism and his politics during the 1930s and 1940s were Trotskyist. During this period, he held a variety of jobs from machinist to Linotype operator. From 1944-1946, Simons served in the Army Air Forces.
Career.
After demobilization, Simons became Political Director of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union. He later became manager of Personnel and Industrial Relations for the New York Post, a position he held until 1961.
From 1963-1966, Simons directed the American Arbitration Association's Labor Management Institute. Following two lengthy strikes in 1965 by NYC employees, Mayor Robert F. Wagner, Jr. convened a committee to create an independent agency to oversee municipal labor relations. Simons was an adviser to this committee and his contribution ultimately helped to bring about the NYC Collective Bargaining Law (1967). This law led to the formation of the NYC Office of Collective Bargaining, who mediate and arbitrate between the city and the bulk of its employees.
Simons died in New York, at age 88, from heart failure. [http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/12/nyregion/12simons.html?ex=1310356800&en=59ee2c785d68122b&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss]

</doc>
<doc id="6004113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004113" title="History of string theory">
History of string theory

String theory is a theoretical framework in which the point-like particles of particle physics are replaced by one-dimensional objects called strings. The following attempts to be a concise history of the discipline.
1943–1958: S-Matrix.
String theory is an outgrowth of a research program begun by Werner Heisenberg in 1943, picked up and advocated by many prominent theorists starting in the late 1950s and throughout the 1960s, which was discarded and marginalized in the 1970s to disappear by the 1980s. It was forgotten because a few of the ideas were deeply mistaken, because some of its mathematical methods were alien, and because quantum chromodynamics supplanted it as an approach to the strong interactions.
The program was called the S-matrix theory, and it was a radical rethinking of the foundation of physical law. By the 1940s it was clear that the proton and the neutron were not pointlike particles like the electron. Their magnetic moment differed greatly from that of a pointlike spin-1/2 charged particle, too much to attribute the difference to a small perturbation. Their interactions were so strong that they scattered like a small sphere, not like a point. Heisenberg proposed that the strongly interacting particles were in fact extended objects, and because there are difficulties of principle with extended relativistic particles, he proposed that the notion of a space-time point broke down at nuclear scales.
Without space and time, it is difficult to formulate a physical theory. Heisenberg believed that the solution to this problem is to focus on the observable quantities—those things measurable by experiments. An experiment only sees a microscopic quantity if it can be transferred by a series of events to the classical devices that surround the experimental chamber. The objects that fly to infinity are stable particles, in quantum superpositions of different momentum states.
Heisenberg proposed that even when space and time are unreliable, the notion of momentum state, which is defined far away from the experimental chamber, still works. The physical quantity he proposed as fundamental is the quantum mechanical amplitude for a group of incoming particles to turn into a group of outgoing particles, and he did not admit that there were any steps in between.
The S-matrix is the quantity that describes how a superposition of incoming particles turn into outgoing ones. Heisenberg proposed to study the S-matrix directly, without any assumptions about space-time structure. But when transitions from the far-past to the far-future occur in one step with no intermediate steps, it is difficult to calculate anything. In quantum field theory, the intermediate steps are the fluctuations of fields or equivalently the fluctuations of virtual particles. In this proposed S-matrix theory, there are no local quantities at all.
Heisenberg proposed to use unitarity to determine the S-matrix. In all conceivable situations, the sum of the squares of the amplitudes must be equal to 1. This property can determine the amplitude in a quantum field theory order by order in a perturbation series once the basic interactions are given, and in many quantum field theories the amplitudes grow too fast at high energies to make a unitary S-matrix. But without extra assumptions on the high-energy behavior unitarity is not enough to determine the scattering, and the proposal was ignored for many years.
Heisenberg's proposal was reinvigorated in the late 1950s when several theorists recognized that dispersion relations like those discovered by Hendrik Kramers and Ralph Kronig allow a notion of causality to be formulated, a notion that events in the future would not influence events in the past, even when the microscopic notion of past and future are not clearly defined. The dispersion relations were analytic properties of the S-matrix, and they were more stringent conditions than those that follow from unitarity alone.
Prominent advocates of this approach were Stanley Mandelstam and Geoffrey Chew. Mandelstam had discovered the double-dispersion relations, a new and powerful analytic form, in 1958, and believed that it would be the key to progress in the intractable strong interactions.
1958–1968: Regge theory and bootstrap models.
At this time, many strongly interacting particles of ever higher spins were discovered, and it became clear that they were not all fundamental. While Japanese physicist Sakata proposed that the particles could be understood as bound states of just three of them--- the proton, the neutron and the Lambda (see Sakata model), Geoffrey Chew believed that none of these particles are fundamental. Sakata's approach was reworked in the 1960s into the quark model by Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig by making the charges of the hypothetical constituents fractional and rejecting the idea that they were observed particles. Chew's approach was then considered more mainstream because it did not introduce fractional charges and because it only focused on the experimentally measurable S-matrix elements, not on hypothetical pointlike constituents.
In 1958 Tullio Regge, a young theorist in Italy discovered that bound states in quantum mechanics can be organized into families with different angular momentum called Regge trajectories. This idea was generalized to relativistic quantum mechanics by Mandelstam, Vladimir Gribov and Marcel Froissart, using a mathematical method discovered decades earlier by Arnold Sommerfeld and Kenneth Marshall Watson.
Geoffrey Chew and Steven Frautschi recognized that the mesons made Regge trajectories in straight lines, which implied, via Regge theory, that the scattering of these particles would have very strange behavior—it should fall off exponentially quickly at large angles. With this realization, theorists hoped to construct a theory of composite particles on Regge trajectories, whose scattering amplitudes had the asymptotic form demanded by Regge theory. Since the interactions fall off fast at large angles, the scattering theory would have to be somewhat holistic: Scattering off a pointlike constituent leads to large angular deviations at high energies.
1968–1974: Dual resonance model.
The first theory of this sort, the dual resonance model, was constructed by Gabriele Veneziano in 1968, who noted that the Euler Beta function could be used to describe 4-particle scattering amplitude data for particles on Regge trajectories. The Veneziano scattering amplitude was quickly generalized to an N-particle amplitude by Ziro Koba and Holger Bech Nielsen, and to what are now recognized as closed strings by Miguel Virasoro and Joel A. Shapiro. Dual resonance models for strong interactions were a popular subject of study 1968-1974.
1974–1984: Superstring theory.
In 1970, Yoichiro Nambu, Holger Bech Nielsen, and Leonard Susskind presented a physical interpretation of Euler's formula by representing nuclear forces as vibrating, one-dimensional strings. However, this string-based description of the strong force made many predictions that directly contradicted experimental findings. The scientific community lost interest in string theory as a theory of strong interactions in 1974 when quantum chromodynamics became the main focus of theoretical research.
In 1974 John H. Schwarz and Joel Scherk, and independently Tamiaki Yoneya, studied the boson-like patterns of string vibration and found that their properties exactly matched those of the graviton, the gravitational force's hypothetical "messenger" particle. Schwarz and Scherk argued that string theory had failed to catch on because physicists had underestimated its scope. This led to the development of bosonic string theory, which is still the version first taught to many students.
String theory is formulated in terms of the Polyakov action, which describes how strings move through space and time. Like springs, the strings want to contract to minimize their potential energy, but conservation of energy prevents them from disappearing, and instead they oscillate. By applying the ideas of quantum mechanics to strings it is possible to deduce the different vibrational modes of strings, and that each vibrational state appears to be a different particle. The mass of each particle, and the fashion with which it can interact, are determined by the way the string vibrates — in essence, by the "note" the string sounds. The scale of notes, each corresponding to a different kind of particle, is termed the "spectrum" of the theory.
Early models included both "open" strings, which have two distinct endpoints, and "closed" strings, where the endpoints are joined to make a complete loop. The two types of string behave in slightly different ways, yielding two spectra. Not all modern string theories use both types; some incorporate only the closed variety.
The earliest string model, which incorporated only bosons, has problems. Most importantly, the theory has a fundamental instability, believed to result in the decay of space-time itself. Additionally, as the name implies, the spectrum of particles contains only bosons, particles like the photon that obey particular rules of behavior. While bosons are a critical ingredient of the Universe, they are not its only constituents. Investigating how a string theory may include fermions in its spectrum led to the invention of supersymmetry, a mathematical relation between bosons and fermions. String theories that include fermionic vibrations are now known as superstring theories; several different kinds have been described.
1984–1989: first superstring revolution.
The first superstring revolution is a period of important discoveries roughly between 1984 and 1986. It was realised that string theory was capable of describing all elementary particles as well as the interactions between them. Hundreds of physicists started to work on string theory as the most promising idea to unify physical theories. The revolution was started by a discovery of anomaly cancellation in type I string theory via the Green-Schwarz mechanism in 1984. Several other ground-breaking discoveries, such as the heterotic string, were made in 1985. It was also realised in 1985 that to obtain formula_1 supersymmetry, the six small extra dimensions need to be compactified on a Calabi–Yau manifold.
"Discover" magazine in the November 1986 issue (vol 7, #11) featured a cover story written by Gary Taubes "Everything's Now Tied to Strings" which explained string theory for a popular audience.
1994–2000: second superstring revolution.
In the early 1990s, Edward Witten and others found strong evidence that the different superstring theories were different limits of a new 11-dimensional theory called M-theory. These discoveries sparked the second superstring revolution that took place approximately between 1994 and 1997.
The different versions of superstring theory were unified, as long hoped, by new equivalences. These are known as S-duality, T-duality, U-duality, mirror symmetry, and conifold transitions. The different theories of strings were also connected to a new 11-dimensional theory called M-theory.
In the mid 1990s, Joseph Polchinski discovered that the theory requires the inclusion of higher-dimensional objects, called D-branes. These added an additional rich mathematical structure to the theory, and opened many possibilities for constructing realistic cosmological models in the theory. Their analysis — especially the analysis of a special type of branes called D-branes — led to the AdS/CFT correspondence, the microscopic understanding of the thermodynamic properties of black holes, and many other developments.
In 1997 Juan Maldacena conjectured a relationship between string theory and a gauge theory called N = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory. This conjecture, called the AdS/CFT correspondence has generated a great deal of interest in the field and is now well accepted. It is a concrete realization of the holographic principle, which has far-reaching implications for black holes, locality and information in physics, as well as the nature of the gravitational interaction.
2000s.
In the 2000s, the discovery of the string theory landscape, which suggests that string theory has a large number of inequivalent vacua, led to much discussion of what string theory might eventually be expected to predict, and how cosmology can be incorporated into the theory.

</doc>
<doc id="6004115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004115" title="V6 (Quickstep)">
V6 (Quickstep)

V6 is a "silver" level dance pattern of the quickstep International Standard Ballroom dance syllabus. The couple moves diagonally to the center (DC) and then diagonally to the wall (DW), thus sweeping a V-shape on the floor. 
Footwork.
The pattern starts with the leader backing DC, e.g., after the first part of the quarter turns: the back lock (SQQS) is performed, followed by the change of the direction on counts SQQ (leader's steps: left foot back (follower steps outside partner), right foot back with a quarter turn to the left, left foot forward facing DW), followed by a slow step outside partner, e.g., into the forward lock (SQQS). Essentially a back lock followed by an outside change.
Preceding and Following Figures.
Possible preceding figures: Anything ending with Man's weight on left foot, backing diagonal centre - such as:
Possible following figures: Anything beginning with Man's step on right foot outside partner, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="6004125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004125" title="Maximus Lobo">
Maximus Lobo

Maximus Lobo is a fictional character, a mutant in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "Uncanny X-Men" #417.
Fictional character biography.
Maximus Lobo is part of a group of mutants that bears a striking resemblance to that of werewolves. He runs the company Lobo Technologies, which is a division of Worthington Enterprises and owned by the veteran X-Man Archangel. 
In White Plains, New York, where Lobo Technologies is located, Maximus Lobo and more of his kind, the self-fashioned "Dominant Species", slaughtered a small group of humans, but spared the mutant girl who was present. When a team of X-Men went to investigate this murder, Lobo fought and defeated Wolverine in a relatively short time. Lobo and the others then engaged the rest of the X-Men there and forced them to retreat.
Lobo and his pack caught up to Archangel and Husk, and tried to kill them off. There, he claimed to have killed Archangel's father. Lobo and his werewolves pursued the two mutants back to Lobo Technologies, where it was revealed that Lobo was planning to illegally sell Stark Enterprises products under the Lobo Technologies logo. When the rest of the X-Men arrived to help Archangel and Husk, Lobo created an explosion to cover his escape.
Lobo and the Dominant Species later returned when the dimension-hopping Exiles teamed up with the X-Men to battle an alternate reality version of Havok. Lobo sought to sway the young lupine mutant named Nicholas Gleason to his cause.
Maximus lost his mutant powers during the M-Day. Maximus was later confronted by a vengeful Nicholas Gleason after the events of the .
Powers and abilities.
Maximus Lobo is a lycanthrope able to assume a werewolf form with superhuman strength, speed, agility, stamina, reflexes, hyper-keen senses, and razor sharp claws and fangs. He also appeared to have some form of healing factor and extremely durable bones given his ability to survive attacks from Wolverine's adamantium claws. He bragged that his bones had evolved to be naturally stronger than adamantium.

</doc>
<doc id="6004126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004126" title="David Peoples (golfer)">
David Peoples (golfer)

David Roy Peoples (born January 9, 1960) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour.
Peoples was born in Augusta, Maine. He received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach John Darr and Coach Lynn Blevins' Florida Gators men's golf team in National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) competition in 1980 and 1981.
Peoples turned professional in 1981. He had two PGA Tour victories, and his highest position on the year-end money list was 25th in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6004132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004132" title="Demodand">
Demodand

In the fictional worlds of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, demodands (gehreleths in 2nd Edition D&D) are a race of fiends native to the Tarterian Depths of Carceri. The gehreleths worship or honor a patron deity called Apomps the Three-sided One, a renegade baernaloth who was exiled to Carceri for the act of creating them. Each of the races has certain peculiarities. The farastu and the kelubar can undergo a lengthy and painful process of self-liquefaction into the secretion they most frequently exude. These pools of tar and slime can be bottled and stored for centuries as a kind of 'instant army'.
Publication history.
Creative origins.
The name demodand is derived from deodand, an evil creature in the "Dying Earth" series by Jack Vance.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition (1977-1988).
The 1st edition "Monster Manual II" contains the farastu (tarry) demodand, the most common type of demondand, the kelubar (slime) demodand, the bureaucrats of demodand society, and the shator (shaggy) demodand, the disgusting leaders of the demodands.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1988-2000).
These creatures appear first in this edition's "Monstrous Compendium Outer Planes Appendix" as gehreleths, and then in the "Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix", with the same three kinds described as in first edition.
Dungeons & Dragons 3rd edition (2000-2003).
This edition's "Fiend Folio" once again describes the farastu, kelubar, and shator demodands. Necromancer Games' "The Tome of Horrors" also describes the demodands, using their alternative names (tarry, slime, and shaggy).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.5 edition (2003-2008).
Demodands feature prominently in the Shackled City Adventure Path, including Dyr’ryd, a massive and deformed shator who founded the Cagewrights. Demodands will also make an appearance with "a different spin" in Paizo Publishing's "Pathfinder Chronicles: The Great Beyond" book.
In the game.
Related Creatures.
Shrieking Terror: Vargouille/hydra crossbreeds created for war and destruction, sometimes used as advance troops by demondands.
Tarterian Creature: Via ancient magical rituals, a creature may gain some of a demodand's power in exchange for surrendering its soul to Carceri upon death. The demodand is destroyed in the process, but gains freedom from the eternal prison plane.
Notable Appearances of Demodands.
The shator Drigor is trapped within the demiplane of Ravenloft, and the shator Xideous is lurking in the criminally and irreversibly insane ward of the Gatehouse in Sigil, working on a revision to the Book of Keeping. The latter one has a price on his head by the yugoloths. In Gary Gygax's Gord the Rogue series, there is a powerful demodand (presumably a shator), named Utmodach, who works for Nerull. He is the commander of a large group of Demodand warriors.
In other media.
Wulfgar encounters a farastu in "The Halfling's Gem".
The player can visit Carceri (when the city of Curst is shifted into the plane) in the game "", encountering many hostile farastu. One farastu does communicate with the player, but only to discuss how he wants to eat him...
Other publishers.
The shaggy demodand, the slime demodand, and the tarry demodand appeared under the "demodand" heading in the "Tome of Horrors" (2002) from Necromancer Games.

</doc>
<doc id="6004134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004134" title="Col d'Aubisque">
Col d'Aubisque

The Col d'Aubisque (1,709 m.; ) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees 30 km south of Tarbes and Pau in the department of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques, in the Aquitaine region of France.
The pass is on the northern slopes of the Pic de Ger (2,613m.) and connects Laruns, in the valley of the Gave d'Ossau, via Eaux-Bonnes (west) to Argelès-Gazost, in the valley of the Gave de Pau, via the Col du Soulor (east). The road crosses the Cirque du Litor, in the upper part of the Ouzom valley. It is generally closed from December to June.
The pass is starting point of excursions and a centre for winter sports. In summer, it is popular with cyclists. It is regularly part of the Tour de France, generally rated an "hors catégorie" climb.
The col.
The summit of the col is marked by a commemorative plaque to André Bach, 1888–1945, member of Legion of Honour and President of the "Cyclo Club of Béarn" (C.C.B.). André Bachavait was mutilated during World War 1 when he lost his left arm in 1916. In 1943 he was deported to the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany, and he died in May 1945 at Boulay-Moselle while returning home. The stele was inaugurated on 26 September 1948, and every year is the focus of a memorial ride.
The inscription reads:<br>
"André Bach 1888-1945"<br>
"Officier de la Légion d'honneur"<br>
"Grand mutilé - Président du C.C.B. - Mort en Déportation"<br>
"Pour perpétuer son souvenir en ce lieu qu'il aimait tant"<br> 
"Ses amis Les Cyclotouristes du C.C.B. 1948"
Details of the climb.
From the west, the climb to the Aubisque starts in Laruns. From there, the Aubisque is 16.6 km. and rises 1,190m, an average of 7.2%. The first kilometres, to the spa resort of Eaux-Bonnes, are fairly easy. After the Cascade de Valentin comes a section at 13%. From there to the top, the climb is 8 km. at 8% average, passing the ski resort of Gourette at 1,400m.
The east side is climbed after the Col du Soulor (1,474 m). Starting from Argelès-Gazost, the Soulor is 19.48 km. It rises 1,019m, an average 5.2%. It gets tough after Arrens-Marsous with 10% and more. From the Soulor, the climb is 10.6 km., gaining a further 235m. The road from the Soulor runs along cliffs in the Cirque du Litor, where there are two short, narrow tunnels. From the Cirque du Litor, the climb is 7.5 km. at 4.6%, a height gain of 350m. 
Writing in "Vélo", Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle said:
The Aubisque is one of those "hors catégorie" cols that make the legend of the Tour. The climb is in three parts. The first is fairly easy. The road is good and the specialists use 39 × 19 or 53 × 21. Then, at Eaux-Bonnes, you turn left and get to the real climb. This part, as far as Gourette, is a lot more difficult. The hardest part swings between eight and ten per cent from the seventh kilometre until Pont-du-Goua at the ninth kilometre and you need 39 × 21. Then, after 300m of flat in Gourette, a hairpin goes up to the Hôtel des Crêtes Blanches. Riders use 39 × 17 over four kilometres before going into 39 × 16 in the last two kilometres.
Tour de France.
The Col d'Aubisque appeared in the Tour de France in 1910, crossed by François Lafourcade. It has appeared frequently since then, more than once every two years. It was included at the insistence of Alphone Steinès, a colleague of Henri Desgrange at the Tour de France. Steinès visited the man responsible for local roads, the "ingénieur des ponts-et-chaussées", who said: "Take the riders up the Aubisque? You're completely crazy in Paris." Steinès agreed that the Tour would pay 5,000 francs to clear the pass. Desgrange knocked the price down to 2,000.
In 1951, Wim van Est was in the yellow jersey – the first Dutchman to wear it and chasing the leaders towards the Soulor when he slipped on gravel and fell into a ravine. He said:
The team's manager, Kees Pellenaars, took a tow rope from the Dutch team's car. It was too short to reach van Est and so to it he tied 40 racing tyres. It was like that that he was pulled out. Van Est said: "It was all the tyres that Pellenaars had for the team. By the time they'd tugged me up, they were all stretched and they wouldn't stay on the wheels any more! Forty tyres! I wanted to get back on my bike and start racing again. But I couldn't. Pellenaars stopped the whole team."
Van Est told journalists: "I had the feeling that I was taking that bend badly but I so much wanted to keep the yellow jersey, so I went flat out and off I flew. A monument spot 50 years later, on July 17, 2001, says: "Here on 17 July 1951 the cyclist Wim van Est fell 70 metres. He survived but lost the yellow jersey." A newspaper advertisement in the Netherlands showed van Est displaying the watch that he'd worn, with the legend: "My heart stopped, but not my Pontiac."
Tour de France stage finishes.
Stage 16 of the 2007 Tour de France finished at the summit of the Aubisque. There has been one previous finish at the summit (in 1985). In 1971, stage 16a finished at Gourette on the western approaches to Aubisque.
Rasmussen won stage 16 in 2007, confirming himself as favourite for victory in Paris, but that evening was sacked by his team and thrown off the race.
Passages in the Tour de France (since 1947).
There have been 45 passages over the summit since 1947, making it the second most visited mountain in the race's history.

</doc>
<doc id="6004138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004138" title="Little Rock Marathon">
Little Rock Marathon

The Little Rock Marathon, started in 2003, is an annual marathon held in Little Rock, Arkansas. The event is intended to encourage better health and fitness and to raise funds for Little Rock Parks & Recreation. The goal of the event is to hold a community supported and nationally recognized marathon that promotes tourism in Arkansas and showcases the superior organizational efforts of its staff, sponsors and volunteers, while attracting athletes of all ages and abilities. 
Participants come from all 50 states and 10 different countries (Canada, Mexico, Argentina, United Kingdom, Kenya, Brazil, Switzerland, Ethiopia, Germany, Morocco). The Little Rock Marathon is a USATF sanctioned event on a certified single loop course. The course is scenic and includes many of Little Rock’s landmarks, it is the first race in the state to be transponder chip timed, and also a qualifying event for the Boston Marathon.
Course.
The Little Rock Marathon Course is described as relatively hilly. Running great Bill Rodgers once said ""any marathon worth its salt has a few hills. Little Rock is a little salty."" The largest hill is found early in the race with a number of smaller hills throughout. In 2008 The Little Rock Marathon moved the Start/Finish area from the Arkansas State Capital to Riverfront Park. The course shifted just slightly, but was sure to keep all of the old familiar hills...
The elevation change for the entire course is as follows: 
Landmarks.
Landmarks along the course include the Arkansas State Capitol, Little Rock River Market District, the Clinton Presidential Center, Governor's Mansion, MacArthur Birthplace/Military Museum, and Historic Little Rock Central High School.
Deaths.
2008 - Adam Nickel, 27, Madison Wisconsin

</doc>
<doc id="6004144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004144" title="Glomus (fungus)">
Glomus (fungus)

Glomus is a genus of arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi, and all species form symbiotic relationships (mycorrhizas) with plant roots. "Glomus" is the largest genus of AM fungi, with "ca." 85 species described, but is currently defined as non-monophyletic.
Classification.
"Glomus" is the only genus in the family Glomeraceae, in the division Glomeromycota. Some members of the genus were originally described as "Sclerocystis" species, but this genus has been entirely transferred to "Glomus". However, further taxonomic changes are likely as the phylogeny of AM fungi becomes better understood.
"Glomus" is likely related to the fossil fungus "Glomites", discovered in the Rhynie chert deposits from the Early Devonian (400 million years ago).
Ecology.
As with other AM fungi, all "Glomus" species are thought to be obligate symbionts, dependent on their mycorrhizal association with plant roots to complete their life cycle. They cannot be cultured in the laboratory in the absence of a plant host. "Glomus" species are found in nearly all terrestrial habitats, including arable land, deserts, grasslands, tropical forests, and tundras.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi can provide numerous benefits to their plant hosts, including improved nutrient uptake, drought resistance, and disease resistance. However, the symbiosis is not mutualistic in all circumstances and may often be parasitic, with a detrimental effect on plant growth. Rarely, some plant species can parasitise the fungi.
Life cycle.
"Glomus" species are entirely asexual. Spores are produced at the tips of hyphae either within the host root or outside the root in the soil. Thought to be chlamydospores, these spores germinate and the germination tube that is produced grows through the soil until it comes into contact with roots. The fungus then penetrates the root and grows between root cells, or it may penetrate the cell wall and grow within root cells. Inside the root, the fungus forms arbuscules, which are highly branched hyphal structures that serve as sites of nutrient exchange with the plant. Arbuscules are formed within plant cell walls but are surrounded by an invaginated cell membrane, so remain within the apoplast. The fungus may also form vesicles, swollen structures which are thought to function as food storage organs.
Agricultural significance.
Several species of "Glomus", including "G. aggregatum", are cultured and sold as mycorrhizal inoculant for agricultural soils. One species, "G. macrocarpum" (and possibly also "G. microcarpum"), causes tobacco stunt disease.

</doc>
<doc id="6004149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004149" title="Buh Cossacks">
Buh Cossacks

The Buh Cossack Host (; ) was a Cossack host, which used to be located along the Southern Buh River.
The Buh Cossack Host was formed in 1769 out of Ukrainians, Vlachs, and Bulgarians, who had taken the side of Russia during the Russo-Turkish War of 1768-1774. After the war, the regiment was quartered on the Southern Buh River. In 1788, the Buh Cossack Host became a part of the Yekaterinoslav Cossack Host (disbanded in 1796) and protected the border. It was disbanded in 1800, only to be created again in 1803 under the original name. The Buh Cossack Host had to provide three regiments of 500 men each in the times of war. In 1817, it was included into the military settlements and combined together with the two Ukrainian regiments into a Buh Uhlan Division.

</doc>
<doc id="6004155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004155" title="WEAX">
WEAX

WEAX (88.3 FM, "The Revolution/88X") is a college radio station in Angola, Indiana. The station is owned by Trine University, and features a multitude of student programming and sports broadcasting. 88x is the voice of Thunder sports broadcasts and features football, volleyball, men's & women's basketball, baseball, and softball games. Student programming can be heard during the mornings from 8:00 AM to 1:00 PM. The students are responsible for preparing themselves for their broadcasts, and are assisted by a professional operations manager employed by Trine University. Starting March 10, 2008, WEAX began broadcasting from the new studios in the new University Center. Featuring a separate production studio and air studio, the new home for The Revolution offers a lively environment filled with on-air music.

</doc>
<doc id="6004156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004156" title="Hadhari Djaffar">
Hadhari Djaffar

Hadhari Saindou Djaffar (born November 17, 1978) is a male sprinter from the Comoros.
He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia as well at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece in the 100m dash. In 2000, Djaffar finished 7th in Heat 7 with a time of 10.68 s, tying for 67th place in a field of 95 sprinters. In 2004, he finished 7th in Heat 3 with a time of 10.62 s, tying for 55th place and improving his Olympic best by .06 second.
He holds the Comorian records in 100 metres, 200 metres and 400 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="6004162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004162" title="Justin Moore (soccer)">
Justin Moore (soccer)

Justin Moore (born June 13, 1983) is an American soccer player who last played for the Atlanta Blackhawks of the USL Premier Development League.
Moore played college soccer at Clemson University from 2002-05. He appeared in 78 games over four seasons, scoring 4 goals and assisting on 16. He also played for one season with Augusta Fireball in the USL Premier Development League.
He was drafted in the second round, 15th overall, of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. Following the 2006 season, a new contract was offered to Moore but was declined, and he signed for the Atlanta Silverbacks prior to the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6004170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004170" title="Yuriy Nikiforov">
Yuriy Nikiforov

Yuri Valeryevich Nikiforov (alternate spelling Valeriovych; , , born 16 September 1970) is a retired Ukrainian-Russian footballer who played mainly as a central defender.
Club career.
Born in Odessa, Ukraine, Soviet Union, Nikiforov started playing professionally with hometown's FC Chornomorets. After one year with FC Dynamo Kyiv solely appearing for the reserve side, he returned to his first club, playing in the inaugural edition of the Ukrainian Premier League.
In early 1993, Nikiforov moved to Russia with FC Spartak Moscow, being an instrumental defensive unit as the capital side won three out of four league titles, with the player also netting regularly. His first abroad experience came with Sporting de Gijón, to where he arrived at the same time as former compatriot Dmitri Cheryshev (he would also share team with another Russian while in Asturias, Igor Lediakhov).
After Gijón's relegation from La Liga, Nikiforov played five years in the Netherlands, starting with PSV Eindhoven, which he helped to consecutive Eredivisie accolades. In 2002–03, the 32-year old played with lowly RKC Waalwijk, with the club finishing in a comfortable ninth place. He finished his career in Japan, after one year with Urawa Red Diamonds.
International career.
Nikiforov played four times for the Commonwealth of Independent States in 1992, as the national team that rose from the ashes of the Soviet Union took part in that year's UEFA European Football Championship – he did not make the squad for the finals. His debut came on 25 January, in a 1–0 friendly with the United States, in Miami.
After briefly representing Ukraine, also in that year, Nikiforov switched to Russia, with which he would participate in two FIFA World Cups – 1994 and 2002 – as well as UEFA Euro 1996 (eight matches in total, but with the national side always exiting in the group stage).
In 2009, Nikiforov was part of the Russian squad that won the Legends Cup.
Personal.
Nikiforov's older brother, Oleksandr, also played professional football, also representing Chornomorets (four different spells), and coinciding with Yuri from 1989–90.

</doc>
<doc id="6004204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004204" title="The Recruiting Officer">
The Recruiting Officer

The Recruiting Officer is a 1706 play by the Irish writer George Farquhar, which follows the social and sexual exploits of two officers, the womanising Plume and the cowardly Brazen, in the town of Shrewsbury (the town where Farquhar himself was posted in this capacity) to recruit soldiers. The characters of the play are generally stock, in keeping with the genre of Restoration Comedy.
Plot.
The play opens with the recruiter, Captain Plume's Sergeant Kite, recruiting in the town of Shrewsbury. Plume arrives, in love with Sylvia, closely followed by Worthy, a local gentleman who is in love with Sylvia's cousin Melinda. Worthy had offered Melinda to become his mistress a year previously as he believed her not to be of commendable fortune, but then he changes his mind after she comes into an inheritance of £20,000. Melinda accepts the attention of Captain Brazen, another recruiter to annoy Worthy, as she is offended of his previous offer (actually, however, Melinda's maid Lucy is responding to Brazen's advances under the guise of being Melinda, hoping to marry him herself.) Melinda and Sylvia begin to argue at the beginning of the play, as Melinda believes that the money she has inherited make her more admirable, whereas Silvia (who is more down to earth) is infuriated by Melinda's behaviour.
In the aftermath Sylvia leaves her father's house to mourn her brother Owen's death. She tells her father Balance that she is going to the Welsh countryside but in fact goes into Shrewsbury dressed as a man, under the name Jack Wilful. There Brazen and Plume compete to recruit 'Wilful', unaware of 'his' real identity – Kite abducts 'him' for Plume while Plume duels with Brazen. Still disguised as Wilful, Sylvia goes on to spend the night in bed with Rose, a local wench previously courted by Plume to get Rose's brother Bullock to join up. An action is brought against 'Wilful' for ravishing Rose and 'he' finds 'himself' on trial before Sylvia's father Balance and his two fellow magistrates Scruple and Scale. The three magistrates also look into Kite's dubious recruiting practices but finally acquit him and force Wilful to swear to the Articles of War.
Meanwhile Melinda continues to discourage Worthy, until going to a fortune teller (in fact Kite in disguise), where she is convinced to relent to his courtship. She is also tricked by being given a sample of her handwriting by the 'fortune teller', who takes it from a 'devil' he has conjured up under the table (in fact Plume). Kite is then visited by Brazen, who gives him a love letter from (as he thinks) Melinda. However, by comparing the handwriting sample, Worthy discovers that the letter is in fact from Melinda's maid Lucy, who hopes to ensnare Brazen as a husband.
Worthy then goes to visit Melinda but, on going to tell Plume the good news, finds out that Melinda seems to be eloping with Brazen after all. Worthy intercepts Brazen and a disguised woman – Worthy takes this to be Melinda and challenges Brazen to a duel, but this is prevented when the woman drops her disguise and reveals herself to be Lucy. Sylvia drops her disguise, Plume agrees to leave the army and marry her, Melinda relents towards Worthy and agrees to marry him, and Plume transfers his twenty recruits to Brazen to compensate him for the loss of a rich marriage with Melinda.
Production history.
"The Recruiting Officer" opened at Drury Lane in 1706. It was an immediate hit and went on to become one of the most frequently performed plays of the 18th century. The part of the foppish Brazen proved a notable role for the renowned actor-manager Colley Cibber. "The Recruiting Officer" was the first play to be staged in New York City on 6 December 1732. It was also the first play to be staged in the Colony of New South Wales, which is now Australia, by the convicts of the First Fleet in 1789 under the governance of Captain Arthur Phillip RN (also Commodore of the First Fleet)., as well as the first performance of the original Dock Street Theatre in Historic downtown Charleston, SC in 1736. The most famous modern revival was staged at the National Theatre (when at the Old Vic) in 1963 – its inaugural season. Directed by William Gaskill, it had an extremely strong cast which included Laurence Olivier as Brazen, Robert Stephens as Plume, Colin Blakely as Kite, Derek Jacobi as Worthy, Maggie Smith as Silvia and Mary Miller as Melinda. The National Theatre staged the play again in 1991 with Desmond Barrit as Brazen, Alex Jennings as Plume and Ken Stott as Kite. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner.
There have been two television adaptations of the play. The first for Australian television in 1965, the second a BBC "Play of the Month" (1973). The latter, of which only fragments are believed to survive, was directed by David Giles, starred Ian McKellen as Plume, Prunella Ransome as his sweetheart Silvia, Jane Asher as Melinda, John Moffatt as Brazen, and Brian Blessed as Sergeant Kite.
Influences.
The German dramatist Bertolt Brecht adapted "The Recruiting Officer" as "Trumpets and Drums" in 1955. Thomas Keneally wrote a novel, "The Playmaker", based on the staging of this play by the First Fleet. That novel was adapted into a play, "Our Country's Good", in 1988, by Timberlake Wertenbaker. Both works deal with the nature and merits of punishment, rehabilitation and theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="6004205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004205" title="Nancherrow">
Nancherrow

Nancherrow was a TV movie sequel to Rosamunde Pilcher's "Coming Home". It aired on ITV television in April 1999.
Synopsis.
After the Colonel dies it is his irrepressible daughter, Loveday, who inherits the house and all of its problems. Bewitched by the magic of Nancherrow, Loveday fights to keep the estate going so that, in time, her young son Nat may inherit same, while dealing with the reappearance of her one true love Gus and her failing marriage to Walter.
Meanwhile, cousin Judith is finding life as wife of a busy doctor difficult, especially after suffering multiple miscarriages. It is a time of much change and heartfelt expectation for everyone at Nancherrow.
DVD release.
"Nancherrow" is available on DVD in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6004206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004206" title="Bob LeVitus">
Bob LeVitus

Bob LeVitus (also known as "Dr.Mac") is an American author of more than 50 computer-related books, particularly on the Apple Macintosh, iPhone, and iPad for the book series "...For Dummies". He started his own Mac troubleshooting business, called "Dr. Mac Consulting". He has been a columnist for the Houston Chronicle since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6004207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004207" title="Once More with Feeling (Placebo)">
Once More with Feeling (Placebo)

Once More with Feeling: Videos 1996–2004 is a compilation DVD by British alternative rock band Placebo, released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6004229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004229" title="Back in Business (1997 film)">
Back in Business (1997 film)

Back in Business is a 1997 action thriller film starring Brian Bosworth and Joe Torry. The film revolves around two policemen, Joe Elkhart (Bosworth) and Tony Dunbar (Torry) and their pursuit of drug runners and dirty cops.
Germany release.
In Germany the movie came in the cinemas, mostly in little movie theatres under the Title "Heart of Stone" in May 1997. Later the VHS release changed the title again in "Stone Cold 2", announced as sequel to Stone Cold, the debut movie of Brian Bosworth. The cover has also the picture of Bosworth from the original "Stone Cold" cover. The DVD release later has the same artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="6004236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004236" title="Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris">
Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris

Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris (), "CIUP", "Cité U", is a private park and foundation located in Paris, France. Since 1925, it has provided general and public services, including the maintenance of several dozen residences for students and visiting academics in the Île-de-France region, and has been officially recognized as a foundation of public interest since then.
CIUP was established after the World war I by André Honnorat in cooperation with Émile Deutsch de la Meurthe in order to create a meetingplace for students, researchers and intellectuals from around the world in a spirit of peace, unity and friendly cooperation.
Several structures have been designed by architects of note, such as Le Corbusier, Willem Marinus Dudok, Heydar Ghiai and Claude Parent. The residences are organized mostly by nationality, although residents in each "maison" are not necessarily from the country implied by the naming of the building. Up to 30%-50% of the student residents in each "maison" may come from different nationalities. Students of 132 different nationalities were living in the Cité Internationale in 2006. 
The CIUP is bounded to the south by the Boulevard Périphérique, a busy highway that circles the border of Paris, and to the north by the Parc Montsouris.

</doc>
<doc id="6004243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004243" title="Harald Klak">
Harald Klak

Harald 'Klak' Halfdansson (c. 785 – c. 852) was a king in Jutland (and possibly other parts of Denmark) around 812–814 and again from 819–827.
Family.
The identity of Harald's father is uncertain. He had at least three brothers. Anulo (d. 812), Ragnfrid (d. 814) and Hemming Halfdansson (d. 837). An 837 entry in the "Annales Fuldenses" calls Hemming a son of Halfdan. This is the only mention of their father in a primary source. The identification relies on the 'widely made assumption' that the Hemming mentioned in 837 was the same Hemming mentioned in chronicle entries from two decades before. Stewart Baldwin, a modern genealogist, pointed that they could also be two people with the same name, although Baldwin himself favors their identification.
The relation of this Halfdan with other Danish rulers is also uncertain. An 812 entry in the "Royal Frankish Annals" mentions "Anulo nepos Herioldi". The Latin "nepos" can be translated as both "nephew" or "grandson", making Anulo and his siblings nephews or grandsons of a senior Harald. This would make Halfdan a brother or son of this Harald. The "Frankish Annals" vaguely mention this elder Harald as king. Also, a King Sigifrid (Siegfried) is mentioned in 777, granting refuge to the Saxon duke Widukind. In 782, an emissary by the name of Halfdan was sent by Sigifrid to Charlemagne. The last mention of Sigifrid in the Annals is in 798, when Charlemagne sent an envoy to him. In 804, Gudfred is mentioned as King of the Danes, exchanging envoys with Charlemagne. Harald could be related to Sigifrid and Gudfred. His reign occurring between 798 and 804 or placed prior to that of Sigifrid. The time and extent of the rule of these earlier kings are uncertain, but the area they ruled presumably included the region closest to the Frankish realm, i.e. around Hedeby. Although they are historical figures insofar as that they are mentioned in historical sources, the details of their rule mostly belong to the realm of the legendary Danish kings.
The "" (1978) by Detlev Schwennicke assumes Sigifrid and the senior Harald to be brothers, both kings of Hedeby. The "Europäische Stammtafeln" further mentions several theories on their family line. The elder Harald is assumed to have succeeded his brother as King of Hedeby in 798. The book places his death in 804, "killed in battle in the Irish Sea". Their children supposedly included not only Halfdan, "third" King of Hedeby (father of Harald Klak and his siblings) but two other sons. The first identified as another Harald ("fourth" King of Hedeby) and the second as Holger.
Further Sigifrid and the senior Harald are given two further siblings in "Europäische Stammtafeln". The third brother is identified as Halfdan the Mild, a ruler of the Yngling dynasty depicted in the "Heimskringla". Their only sister is identified with Geva, wife of Windukind. The former in way of explanation of why Windukind sought refuge among the Danes. None of the theories regarding Harald's family and lineage in "ES" are well supported by sources.
According to the "Annales Bertiniani", Harald was an uncle of Rorik of Dorestad. The "Annales Xantenses" mention Rorik being the brother of a "younger Harald". Several modern scholars have seen this as a contradiction and chosen to identify Rorik as an apparent fifth son of Halfdan. However, Simon Coupland in "From poachers to gamekeepers: Scandinavian warlords and Carolingian kings" and K. Cutler in "Danish Exiles in the Carolingian Empire--the Case for Two Haralds" have since argued that Rorik and the "younger Harald" were brothers, both nephews of Harald Klak. The theory has gained some acceptance since the 1990s as it would explain why Harald Klak gets a mostly positive assessment in the Frankish chronicles while Rorik's brother is depicted as a raider and enemy of the Franks. This would also mean Rudolf Haraldsson, a nephew of Rorik mentioned in the "Annales Xantenses", was a son of the "younger Harald".
The Civil War of 812–814.
There is first mention of Harald and his siblings in the "Royal Frankish Annals". The entries in 811 end by mentioning the death of Charles the Younger (4 December 811) and Charlemagne wintering in Aachen. The entries in 812 begin with mention of the situation in Denmark: "Not much later the news arrived that Hemming, king of the Danes had died. Sigifrid, the nephew of King Godofrid, and Anulo, the nephew of Heriold and of the former king, both wished to succeed him. Being unable to agree on who should be king, they raised troops, fought a battle, and were both killed. The party of Anulo won, however, and made his brothers Heriold and Reginfrid their kings. The defeated party out of necessity had to go along with Anulo's party and did not reject the brothers as their kings. They say that ten thousand nine hundred and forty men died in that battle." Heriold usually translated to Harald. The name Anulo is thought to be related to "Annulus" (or "anulus"), being the Latin and French word for "ring". The name has been translated to "Ring". Since his fallen foe was named Sigefrid (Sigurd), there is a theory that the two rivals merged in later tradition to the figure of Sigurd Ring. The original Scandinavian form is theorised to have been "Ole", a common male name in Norway and Denmark. The vague Latin phrase "Herioldi, et ipsius regis" has been translated variously as "Harald, and the king himself" and "Harald, previous king". Conversely, this could mean Anulo was "nepos" of both the senior Harald and the other King mentioned in the same phrase, Hemming.
The story is repeated in an 812 entry of the "Annales Fuldenses". This is not surprising as the entries of the "Annales Fuldenses" from 714 to the 830s were adopting material from earlier sources, including the Royal Frankish Annals. The Gesta Hammaburgensis ecclesiae pontificum by Adam of Bremen mentions "Sigafrid et Anulo, nepotes Godafridi", which would make both Anulo and Sigifrid "nepotes" (plural of nepos) of Gudfred. The "Royal Frankish Annals" then note "Heriold and Reginfrid, kings of the Danes, send an embassy to the emperor , asking for peace and requesting that their brother Hemming be released." The text makes clear that Hemming was held prisoner by Charlemagne but leaves unclear when was Hemming captured and under what circumstances.
In 813, the Royal Annals mention a general assembly at Aachen. The occasion was Charlemagne crowning his son Louis the Pious as co-emperor of Francia and naming his grandson Bernard as ruler of the Kingdom of Italy. The text then turns its attention to the relations with the Danes. "From this assembly several Frankish and Saxon nobles were sent beyond the Elbe to the borders of the Norsemen. They came to make peace, at the request of the Danish Kings, whose brother they intended to return. When an equal number -they were sixteen- of Danish magnates met them at the stipulated place, peace was sworn by mutual oaths and the brother of the kings was returned. The Kings themselves at this time were not at home but had marched with an army toward Westarfolda, an area in the extreme northwest of their kingdom across the northern tip of Britain, whose princes and people refused to submit to them. When they returned after conquering the Britons and received their brother, who had been sent from the emperor, the sons of king Godofrid were assisted by not a few of the Danish nobles who for some time after leaving their homeland had been in exile with the Swedes. Since hosts of their countrymen joined the sons of Godofrid from all over the land of the Danes, they easily drove the kings from the kingdom after a battle".
The "Chronicle of Moissac" also reports: "Afterwards the sons of Godofrid came with their army and expelled Heriold and Reginfrid and also Hemming from their own kingdom; and they fled into secrecy. Thereupon the militia of the imperial lord Charlemagne received from them many presents, and he sent him back to his brothers with regards and support, in order that they should acquire their kingdom again.
The "Annales" entries of 814 start with the death of Charlemagne. Louis the Pious became sole emperor and turned to diplomatic relations with other European powers. The "Royal Annales" then mention the continuation of the conflict among the Danes and that Harald Klak sought refuge in the court of Louis. "Heriold and Reginfrid, kings of the Danes, had been defeated and expelled from their kingdom the year before by the sons of Godofrid, against whom they regrouped their forces and again made war. In this conflict Reginfid and the oldest son of Godofrid were killed. When this had come to pass, Heriold despaired of his cause, came to the emperor [Louis, and put himself under his protection. The emperor received him and told him to go to Saxony and to wait for the proper time when he would be able to give him the help which Heriold had requested."
Harald's alliance with Louis the Pious.
Simon Coupland, a modern historian, has noted that Harald was a pagan exile, seeking refuge and military assistance in the court of a Christian ruler. Coupland notes that Louis granting refuge and preparing said military assistance did not mean this was an "innovative step". Charlemagne, Louis' father, had signed such unorthodox alliances before. The historian lists a number of examples. Charlemagne had supported Abdellah, an exiled Mauritanian ruler in 797. Theodor, ruler of the Huns, fled an invasion by Slavic peoples and was granted refuge by Charlemagne in 805. Eardwulf of Northumbria when deposed c. 808, was also granted refuge and promised help in recovering his throne.
The 815 entries of the "Royal Annals" focus on the campaign for restoring Harald to his throne. "The emperor commanded that Saxons and Obodrites should prepare for this campaign, and twice in that winter the attempt was made to cross the Elbe. But since the weather suddenly turned and made the ice on the river melt, the campaign was held up. Finally, when the winter was over, about the middle of May, the proper time to begin the march arrived. Then all Saxon counts and all troops of the Obodrites, under orders to bring help to Heriold, marched with the imperial emissary Baldrich across the River Eider into the land of the Norsemen called Silendi. From Silendi they went on and, finally, on the seventh day, pitched camp on the coast at [name missing in surviving manuscripts. There they halted for three days. But the sons of Godofrid, who had raised against them a large army and a fleet of two hundred ships, remained on an island three miles of the shore and did not dare engage them. Therefore, after everywhere laying waste the neighboring districts and receiving hostages from the people, they returned to the emperor in Saxony, who at that time was holding the general assembly of his people at Paderborn."
While the campaign resulted in the looting of some areas held by the Danes, the main objective was not achieved. Harald was among the returning troops, the Danish throne eluding him. The Royal Annals report the conclusion of the assembly. "He settled the affairs of the Slavs and of Heriold, and, leaving Heriold behind in Saxony, returned to his palace in Frankfurt." Harald apparently continued operations against his rivals. An 817 entry of the Royal Annals reports "Because of the persistent aggression of Heriold, the sons of Godofrid, king of the Danes, also sent an embassy to the emperor [Louis, asked for peace, and promised to preserve it. This sounded more like hypocrisy than truth, so it was dismissed as empty talk and aid was given to Heriold against them."
A next attempt in 819, again with help from the Obotrites, met with more success and some kind of settlement seems to have been reached with the sons of Gudfred, since Harald was joint king with two of them in 821. One of them probably was Horik the Elder. The "Royal Annals" report 
"On the emperor's order Heriold was taken to his ships by the Obodrites and sailed back to his homeland to take over the kingdom. Two of the sons of Godofrid are said to have made an alliance with him to share the throne; two others were driven out of the country. But this is believed to have been done by trickery." An 821 entry mentions "Everything was quiet on the Danish front in this year, and Heriold was received as partner in the rule by the sons of Godofrid. This is believed to have caused the peaceful relations among them at this time." In 822, the general assembly was held in Frankfurt. The relevant entry mentions "Embassies from Nordmannia were also at this assembly , from Heriold as well as from the sons of Godofrid".
In 823, tensions had appeared in Harald's relations with his co-rulers. Louis was asked to mediate. The Royal Annals report "Also Heriold came from Nordmannia, asking for help against the sons of Godofrid, who threatened to drive him out of his country. To explore this matter more thoroughly Counts Theothari and Hruodmund were sent to the sons of Godofrid. Traveling ahead of Heriold they carefully studied the dispute with the sons of Godofrid as well as the condition of the whole kingdom of the Norsemen and informed the emperor of all they could find out in these lands. They returned with archbishop Ebo of Rheims, who had gone to preach in the land of the Danes on the counsel of the emperor and with the approval of the Roman pontiff and had baptized many converts to the faith during the previous summer." Coupland notes that the entry reveals two things. First that "the political situation in Denmark remained extremely tense" and second that Louis continued to interfere in Danish affairs. The motivation behind his interest in the country is not stated in primary sources. The book "An Introduction to the Viking History of Western Europe, Viking Antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland" (1940) by Haakon Shetelig, presented the theory that Louis was laying the groundwork for a "military invasion and occupation of Denmark". While the theory has its merits, Coupland notes that it ignores its context. The "neighbouring Slav lands" of Francia were in the process of becoming dependent territories, their rulers subordinating themselves to Louis. The emperor may have envisioned Denmark as another protectorate of Francia.
An 826 entry, reads "At the same time Heriold came with his wife and a great number of Danes and was baptized with his companions at St. Alban's in Mainz. The emperor presented him with many gifts before he returned home through Frisia, the route by which he had come. In this province one county was given to him, the county of Riustringen, so that he would be able to find refuge there with his possessions if he were ever in danger." The Vita Hludovici mentions "Heriold (Latin:Herioldus) with his wife and many Danes appeared from the regions of the Norsemen, he was baptized at Saint-Albans in Mainz with all his companions and he was flooded by the emperor with many gifts. For the pious emperor was afraid that he would be refused to live in his homeland, he gave him a county in Frisia, called Rüstringen, where he and his company could recover if necessary." The "Annales Xantenses" also note "The emperor Louis held an episcopal synod at Ingelheim, and here a great number of Norsemen came to him, and a leader of them named Haraldr (Latin: Heriodus) and his wife were baptized, and with them more than 400 people of both sexes."
According to the "Vita Ansgari" by Rimbert, "After this it happened that a king named Heriold (Latin:Herioldus), who ruled over some of the Danes, was assailed by hatred and malignity, and was driven from his kingdom by the other kings of the same province. He came to his serene majesty the emperor Ludovic and asked that he might be thought worthy to receive his help so that he might be able to regain his kingdom. While the emperor kept him at his court he urged him, by personal persuasion and through the instrumentality of others, to accept the Christian faith, because there would then be a more intimate friendship between them, and a Christian people would more readily come to his aid and to the aid of his friends if both peoples were worshippers of the same God. At length, by the assistance of divine grace, he brought about his conversion, and when he had been sprinkled with the holy water of baptism he himself received him from the sacred font and adopted him as his son. When, then, he desired to send him back to his own land in order that he might, by his assistance, seek to recover his dominions, he began to make diligent enquiry in order that he might find a holy and devoted man who could go and continue with him, and who might strengthen him and his people, and by teaching the doctrine of salvation might induce them to receive the faith of the Lord."
During the reign of Louis the Pious, the Frankish Empire had no effective fleet, and this made the coast of Frisia a weak point in the defense of his realm. The motivation for granting Harald a fief in Frisia possibly had to do with Harald committing himself to defending the Frisian coastline against future Viking raids. The center of his fief was located in northwestern Germany, west of Oldenburg. This may have been the first piece of Frankish territory given to a Dane.
Adam of Bremen placed the baptism following another deposition of Harald. "The king of the Danes, Haraldr (Latin:Haraldus), despoiled of his kingdom by the sons of Godofrid, came to Louis a suppliant. And on being instructed thereupon in the doctrine of the Christian faith, he was baptized at Mainz with his wife and brother and a great multitude of Danes. The emperor lifted him from the sacred font and, resolved to restore him to the kingdom, gave him a fief across the Elbe, and, to withstand the pirates, granted his brother Harekr a part of Frisia. (This territory the Danes still claim as if it were legitimately their own.)" This Harekr is not mentioned elsewhere.
Return to Denmark and later life.
On his return to Denmark Harald was probably accompanied by Saint Anskar and a group of monks and it may have been in this time that a church in Hedeby was first built, as well as a school were twelve Danish boys (some of whom were from Harald's household) were to be educated as priests. The "Vita Ansgari" reports: "The two monks to travel with Harald were subsequently brought before the king, who was gratified by their willingness and desire to undertake this task, and who gave them whatever was necessary for the performance of their ministerial functions, also writing cases, tents and other things that would be helpful and which seemed likely to be needed on their great journey. He bade them to go with Harald and commanded them to devote the utmost care to his profession of faith and by their godly exhortations to confirm in the faith both Harald and his companions who had been baptized together with him, for fear lest at the instigation of the devil they should return to their former errors, and at the same time by their preaching to urge others to accept the Christian religion. Having been then dismissed by the emperor they had none to render them any menial service, as no one in the abbot's household would go with them of his own accord, and he would compel no one to go against his will."
"Harald, to whom they had been committed, was as yet ignorant and untaught in the faith, and was unaware how God's servants ought to behave. Moreover, his companions who had been but recently converted and had been trained in a very different faith, paid them little attention. Having started then with considerable difficulty they arrived at Cologne. At that time there was a venerable bishop there named Hadebald. He had compassion upon their needs and presented them with a good boat in which they might place their possessions and in which there were two cabins which had been suitably prepared for them. When Harald saw the boat he decided to remain with them in it, so that he and they could each have a cabin. This tended to promote an increase of friendship and goodwill between them; his companions also, from this time forward, paid careful attention to their wants. On leaving the boat they passed through Dorestad and crossing the neighbouring territory of the Frisians came to the Danish borders. As King Harald could not for the time being obtain peaceful possession of his kingdom, the emperor gave him a place beyond the River Elbe [Rüstringen] so that if it were necessary he might halt there."
In the second year after his return to Denmark, however, in 827, he was once again expelled by the surviving sons of Gudfred. One of them was Horik I. The "Royal Annals" mention in 827: "The emperor held two assemblies. One was at Nijmegen because Hohrek (Latin:Hohrici), son of Godofrid, the king of the Danes, had falsely promised to appear before the emperor." Later in the year the Annals mention the deposition of Harald. "In the meantime the kings of the Danes, that is, the sons of Godofrid, deprived Heriold of his share of the kingship and forced him to leave Nordmannia." The reason for the deposition is not mentioned. His introduction of Christianity may have also made him unpopular with his subjects. Harald probably retreated to his lands in Rüstringen.
The war continued the following year. The Royal Annals mention: "Near the border of Nordmannia in the meantime negotiations were planned to ratify the peace between Norsemen and Franks and to discuss the affair of Heriold. For this business counts and margraves came from almost all of Saxony. But Heriold was too thirsty for action. He broke the peace that had agreed upon and confirmed by hostages, and burned and pillaged some small villages of the Norsemen. Upon hearing this the sons of Godefrid immediately gathered troops. Our people were stationed on the bank of the River Eider, not expecting any trouble. The sons of Godefrid advanced towards the march, crossed the river and attacked the Franks, driving them out of their castle and putting them to flight. They took everything from them and retreated with all their forces to their camp. Then they deliberated how to ward off revenge for this action. They dispatched an embassy to the emperor and explained that need had compelled their will to do this, that they were ready to give satisfaction, and that it was entirely up to the emperor how amends should be made in order to preserve peace between the two parties." 
The "Vita Hludovici" also blames the impatience of Harald in breaking the negotiations. "In the meanwhile the sons of the former king of the Danes Godefrid had expelled Heriold from his kingdom. The emperor wanted to help Heriold, but he also had entered a peace treaty with the sons of Godefrid, so he dispatched Saxon counts together with Heriold himself and instructed them to negotiate with the envoys that they should let him participate in their alliance, like before. But Heriold was impatient about this delay, he burned down some villages without our knowledge and carried off booty. The Danes immediately raided our people by surprise, as they believed it were our deeds, they crossed the River Eider and drove the supposed perpetrators away from the stronghold, took everything with them and withdrew to their own camp. As they recognized the real situation and feared an appropriate revenge, they first dismissed messengers to those they inflicted such a defeat, then to the emperor, they declared their deception and offered for conciliation a suitable satisfaction. They left the manner of this satisfaction to the desire of the emperor as long as peace was maintained, which the emperor granted them according to their wish and petition."
The war on the border continued into at least 829. Later that year a rumor was current that the Danes were preparing to invade and Louis gathered an army to meet this threat, but the rumor turned out to be false. It may well have been Harald who spread this rumor. However Harald disappears from the Frankish sources by the late 820. He had certainly failed to regain his throne but probably kept on living among the Franks.
Death.
His brother Hemming seems to have died in 837 defending Walcheren from unidentified Viking raiders. The "Annales Fuldenses" report "The Norsemen came to the island of Walcheren to collect tribute and on June 17 they killed Eggihard, the count of this place, and Hemingr, the son of Halfdan, with many others, and laid waste Dorestad and went back after they received tribute from the Frisians. The emperorgave up his journey to Rome and stayed the winter at Aachen. The "Annales Bertiniani" mention the attack but not Hemming. "The Norsemen at this time fell on Frisia with their usual surprise attack. Coming upon our unprepared people on an island called Walcheren, they slaughtered many of them and plundered even more. They stayed on the island for a while, levying as much tribute as they wanted. Then they fell on Dorestad with the same fury and exacted tribute in the same way. When the Emperor heard about these attacks, he postponed his planned journey to Rome and wasted no time in hurrying to the fort of Nijmegen close by Dorestad. When the Norsemen heard of his arrival there, they withdrew immediately. Now the Emperor summoned a general assembly and held an inquiry in public with those magnates to whom he had delegated the task of guarding that coast. It became clear from the discussion that partly through the sheer impossibility of the task, partly through the disobedience of certain men, it had not been possible for them to offer any resistance to the attackers. Energetic abbots and counts were therefore dispatched to suppress the insubordinate Frisians. Now too, that from then on he would be better able to resist their incursions, he gave orders that a fleet should be made ready to go more speedily in pursuit in whatever direction might be required."
The "Annales Fuldenses" mention in 852: "Haraldr the Norseman had in earlier years fled the anger of his lord Horekr I, king of the Danes, and went to King Louis, by whom he was well received. He was baptized and received into the Christian faith, and held in honour among the Franks for many years. At length he became suspect to the leading men of the northern regions and the warders of the Danish march as of doubtful loyalty and a possible treachery, and was therefore killed by them." Harald the younger, his supposed nephew, was already mentioned deceased in 850. Unless this is a second entry for the same event, the dead man was probably Harald Klak. Though it could be argued that it was Harald the nephew or another namesake who died, the royal reception by Louis seems to only match Harald Klak. Coupland notes that this Harald was killed "on nothing more substantial than the suspicion of potential disloyalty". It seems that, in the years between 829 and 852, Harald had remained a figure of some influence in the region, but he never again managed to launch a serious attempt to regain the Danish throne, nor did the Frankish monarchs seem interested in sending more armies to fight his cause. He died two years before his rival King Horik the elder.
Heirs.
The "Annales Bertiniani" mention a Godfrid Haraldsson who was baptized at Mainz. He has been identified as a son of Harald Klak. King Sigifrid of Denmark, reigning later in the 9th century, and his brother Halfdan are considered "nepotes" of either Rorik of Dorestad or Horik II, based on various interpretations of the "Annales Vedastini". If the former they could be indirect successors to the claims of Harald on the throne of Denmark. An 891 entry of the Annales Fuldenses mentions Sigifrid killed along with his co-ruler Godafrid. Their deaths are also mentioned in the "Gesta quorundam regum Francorum". The name of the co-ruler suggests he was also a member of the family line.
The next mentioned ruler of Denmark is a Svend (Sweyn) who was king following the conquests of Olof the Brash. He is mentioned by Adam of Bremen as father of Harthacnut of Denmark. Between the reigns of Svend and Harthacmut, Adam places a brief one by Sigerich. They could be descendants of the same family line but the relations are unclear.
According to "Geschiedenis van Nederland" (1995) by Gerlof Verwey, Harald Klak had another nephew, Hemming, Count in Frisia. Verwey argues he was a brother of Rorik of Dorestad and Harald the younger.
According to "Ragnarssona þáttr", Klakk-Harald was the father of Thyra and father-in-law of Gorm the Old. "Gorm took the kingship after his father. He married Thyri, who was called Denmark's Saviour, daughter of Klakk-Harald, who was king in Jutland. But when Harald died, Gorm took all of Harald's realm under his rule too. King Gorm went with his host over the whole of Jutland and abolished all the petty kings as far south as the River Schlei, and thus seized much of Wendland, and he fought great battles against the Saxons and became a mighty king. He had two sons. The eldest was called Knut, and the younger one Harald. Knut was the most handsome man ever seen. The king loved him above any other man, and so did all the people. He was called The Love of the Danes. Harald resembled his mother's kin and his mother loved him no less than Knut." However the "Gesta Danorum" by Saxo Grammaticus offers a contradictory parentage for Thyra. "This man was counselled by the elders to celebrate the rites of marriage, and he wooed Thyra, the daughter of Ethelred, the king of the English, for his wife. She surpassed other women in seriousness and shrewdness, and laid the condition on her suitor that she would not marry him till she had received Denmark as a dowry. This compact was made between them, and she was betrothed to Gorm." This Ethelred was probably Ethelred of Wessex according to the context.
The "Ragnarssona þáttr" also names Harald Klak as father of Ingeborg and father-in-law of Sigurd Hart. "When Sigurd was twelve, he killed the berserk Hildibrand in a duel, and he single-handedly slew twelve men in that fight. After that Klakk-Harald gave him his daughter, who was called Ingibjorg. They had two children: Gudthorm and Ragnhild." The narrative then identifies Ragnhild as the wife of Halfdan the Black and mother of Harald Fairhair of Norway. The "Heimskringla" changes the name of Harald Klak's daughter but the given lineage remains the same. "Ragnhild's mother was Thorny, a daughter of Klakharald king in Jutland, and a sister of Thrye Dannebod who was married to the Danish king, Gorm the Old, who then ruled over the Danish dominions."

</doc>
<doc id="6004247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004247" title="HMS Hero (1885)">
HMS Hero (1885)

HMS "Hero" was the second and final "Conqueror"-class battleship. She was an ironclad who served in the Victorian Royal Navy.
"Hero" was — like her sister-ship — designed to be an improved version of with a ram as her main armament. It was assumed by the Board of Admiralty and within Naval Architecture circles that the supremacy of armour over artillery would allow such a ship to ram an enemy vessel without being seriously damaged by enemy gunfire. This assumption was never tested in action.
The ship carried two big guns in a turret placed on the foredeck. Gunfire over the bow was found to cause serious blast damage to the deck and its structures, while firing abaft the beam caused blast damage to the bridge and superstructure. The guns were limited to a firing arc of some 45° on either side; as they had been installed with the intention of engaging an enemy on the beam who had evaded a ramming attack, this limit was not seen as serious.
Six tubes for the launching of torpedoes were mounted; they were carried in the after part of the superstructure and were intended to supplement the ram. The smaller guns were for defence against small craft, against whom the main armament could not be easily or economically employed.
By the time she was launched, ramming had been discarded, leaving her and her sister exposed as perhaps the two most useless turret-armed battleships ever built.
Service history.
She was commissioned at Portsmouth in May 1888 as tender to the gunnery school "Excellent". She remained there until February 1905, when she passed into Dockyard Reserve. She took part in the manoevres of 1888-1891, but saw no other active service. Commander G. B. Hutton was appointed in command 6 March 1902.
In November 1907, she was made a target ship and was sunk off the Kentish Knock on 18 February 1908.
Popular culture.
"Player's Navy Cut" cigarette packages used an illustration of a sailor with a warship in the background. The sailor's cap band reads "HMS Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="6004262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004262" title="Group (auto racing)">
Group (auto racing)

An FIA Group is a category of car allowed to compete in auto racing. The FIA Appendix J to the international motor sports code defines the various Groups.
While a given racing car may fit into an FIA Group, local rules still may either prohibit the car, or allow additional modifications that aren't part of the FIA Group specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="6004264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004264" title="Radio3Net">
Radio3Net

Radio 3 net is the former "Radio România Tineret" (or Radio 3). More than 20,000 albums are stored on Radio 3 net. A few of the prominent features available on the website are "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die" and "Search & Play".
Until recently, the director of Radio3Net was Florian Pittiş.

</doc>
<doc id="6004268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004268" title="Palaiochori">
Palaiochori

Palaiochori (Greek: Παλαιοχώρι meaning "old town") may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6004277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6004277" title="Tangerine Dream discography">
Tangerine Dream discography

Tangerine Dream has released more than one hundred albums, singles, EPs and compilations since the group was formed in 1967.
Eras.
Tangerine Dream's releases have been divided into several eras based on the record label of the time. Tangerine Dream's first releases were on the Ohr label. The Ohr logo was a pink ear, thus fans refer to this era as the "Pink Years"; this covers "Electronic Meditation" (1970) to "Atem" (1973). In 1974, the band switched to Virgin Records with the release of "Phaedra", thus the "Virgin Years". The switch to the Jive Records label with their blue logo was the start of the "Blue Years" beginning with "Poland" in 1984.
The "Melrose Years" started when Tangerine Dream switched to Peter Baumann's Private Music label, located on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles; the first release was "Optical Race" (1988). This was a period of rapid line-up changes, beginning with the departure of Christopher Franke, and ending with the departure of Paul Haslinger and the introduction of Jerome Froese and Linda Spa. A switch to the Miramar label in Seattle gave the name "Seattle Years" with the release of "Rockoon" (1992).
Tangerine Dream moved to the Castle label in 1996 briefly before Edgar Froese created his own TDI label, thus this era is the "TDI Years" or sometimes the "Millenium Years". In late 2005 the label was renamed Eastgate, giving rise to the "Eastgate Years".
Series.
The Dream Mixes series is a project initiated by Jerome Froese. The series has a dance music slant and primarily consists of remixes of other TD material. The Dante Trilogy is a musical interpretation of Dante's "Divine Comedy". The Five Atomic Seasons series was commissioned by a Japanese businessman who survived the atomic bombings of both Nagasaki and Hiroshima. The Bootleg Box sets, the Bootmoon series and the Vault series are live concerts sourced from recordings; many were first released as part of the Tangerine Tree project.
Live and studio albums.
Albums billed as live commonly include overdubs and original material added in studio. The extreme case is "Live Miles", of which less than a third had been performed live at the time of its release. Given the fact that the band's live albums often consist of original music not available on any studio album, the distinction between studio and live albums is less useful with Tangerine Dream than with most bands.
Sampler albums.
Tangerine Dream tracks have appeared on a number of sampler albums. These particular samplers are unique in that they contain tracks that never appeared on any other official Tangerine Dream release, although some have been released on the Tangerine Tree fan project:

</doc>
