<doc id="5946792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946792" title="Atripalda">
Atripalda

Atripalda is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. As of 2011 its population was of 11,149.
History.
The town is the home of the ruins of "Abellinum", the Ancient Roman Avellino.
Geography.
Part of the urban area of Avellino, Atripalda is bordered by the municipalities of Aiello del Sabato, Avellino, Cesinali, Manocalzati, San Potito Ultra, Santo Stefano del Sole and Sorbo Serpico.
Transport.
The final exit "Avellino" of the RA02 motorway from Salerno is located in west of Atripalda, and the A16 exit "Avellino Est", near its eastern suburb. A dual carriageway from Mercogliano and Avellino links both the motorways and crosses Atripalda. The town is also crossed by the state highway SS7 "Via Appia".
As for rail transport, Atripalda's southern suburb is widely crossed by the Avellino-Lioni-Rocchetta line without a station. This is mainly due to the fact that Avellino railway station is situated close to its municipal borders.

</doc>
<doc id="5946794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946794" title="Jorge Sobisch">
Jorge Sobisch

Jorge Omar Sobisch (born January 16, 1943) is an Argentine centre-right politician, formerly governor of Neuquén Province. He leads the Neuquén People's Movement and was a candidate for President of Argentina in 2007.
Biography.
Sobisch was born in Buenos Aires and moved to Neuquén as a young boy with the military family of his father, Carlos Sobisch. He studied in Neuquén and Buenos Aires, then moved to Trelew, Chubut as a young man to work in a friend's design company. He became a graphics operator and typesetter, later establishing his own company. He completed his military service in Sarmiento, Chubut.
Sobisch assisted his Peronist father in founding the Neuquén People's Movement in 1961, following him into politics. The party won the Neuquén city elections in 1983 after the return of democracy and Sobisch became mayor, taking took a leading role in renewing the party. He also led the Club Atlético Independiente football club from 1971.
Sobisch was elected governor of the province in 1991, serving until 1995. He took over the leadership of the party in 1997. He won again as governor in 1999 and 2003, with 57% of the vote, his term expiring in 2007 when he stepped down. 
Sobisch led the founding of the Movement of the United Provinces, a new, conservative party, and was the movement's candidate for the Presidency in 2007. He had previously formed a centre-right alliance with Mauricio Macri, although it did not survive Macri's alliance with Ricardo López Murphy (who is not on good terms with Sobisch); López Murphy was a conservative presidential candidate in both 2003 and 2007. 
Sobisch is also seen as an ally of former Justicialist Party President Carlos Menem and had hoped to become the candidate of those Peronists opposed to President Néstor Kirchner. Following a scandal in his home province, concerning the April 7 death of local teachers' union member Carlos Fuentealba (who was reportedly fired upon by provincial police during a protest despite being unarmed), Sobisch was largely shunned by disgruntled Peronists who mainly backed Alberto Rodríguez Saá. Sobisch was, however, backed by crime victims' rights activist Juan Carlos Blumberg.
In 2007, Sobisch and his running mate, Jorge Asís, gained 284,161 votes in the presidential elections, amounting to 1.56% of the national vote, in sixth place. His wife of 38 years, Liliana Planas, died on December 22, 2009, after falling from their ninth story Neuquén apartment building, in what local coroners determined to be a suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="5946795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946795" title="Mylau">
Mylau

Mylau is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany with 2912 citizens. It is situated in the valleys of the Göltzsch river and the Raumbach, a stream flowing from Reichenbach im Vogtland that is locally known as the Soap Stream (German: "Seifenbach") because of the textile painting factories that had been built by its banks. The town lies 6 km southeast of Greiz, and 20 km southwest of Zwickau. Mylau has the smallest area of any town ("Stadt") in what was formerly East Germany, although there are 10 towns in what was formerly West Germany that are even smaller in area.
History.
In the 14th century, a settlement was built at the foot of Mylau Castle (1180). Emperor Charles IV granted town privileges in 1376. Until late in the 17th century, the town was reasonably insignificant; in 1650 it was composed of only 24 houses. It then grew rapidly because of a rise of manual weaving craftsmanship in the area, which facilitated the rapid development of the textile industry in the 19th century.
Population growth "(as of 1960, the poll date is December 31)":
Sites of interest.
Mylau Castle was built in 1180 at the place where the Raumbach flows into the Göltzsch river, and is still intact. One kilometer to the northwest of the town the world-famous Göltzsch Viaduct crosses the Göltzsch valley. Also worth visiting is the city church "St. Wenzel" established in 1890, which includes a Gottfried Silbermann organ built in 1730/1731).

</doc>
<doc id="5946797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946797" title="Mircea Sasu">
Mircea Sasu

Mircea Sasu, (5 October 1939 – 17 October 1983), was a Romanian football Striker, who played for Minerul Baia Mare, UT Arad, Dinamo Bucharest, Farul Constanţa in Romania and Fenerbahçe SK in Turkey.
He is famous in Turkey about his freekick and direct corner goals.

</doc>
<doc id="5946798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946798" title="Bagnoli Irpino">
Bagnoli Irpino

Bagnoli Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
The bordering municipalities of Bagnoli are Acerno (SA), Calabritto, Caposele, Lioni, Montella and Nusco.
The only "frazione" is Laceno, a village and ski resort situated in the Picentini mountains.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5946799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946799" title="Andrea Mantovani">
Andrea Mantovani

Andrea Mantovani (born 22 June 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays in the defender position for Bologna
Biography.
Torino.
Mantovani started his career at Torino Calcio. He was the member of Allievi Nazionali Under-17 team in 2000–01 season. In 2002–03 season, he occasionally received first team call-up, and made his debut on 19 January 2003 against Como, which he replaced Gianluca Comotto at half-time. The match ended in 0–0 draw.
After Torino relegated in 2003, he was loaned to Serie B side Triestina. In 2004–05 season, Mantovani returned to Turin and played as one of the regular starter, he was awarded no.4 shirt. The team won promotion playoffs but then went bankrupt. FIGC allowed a new successor team admitted in 2006–07 Serie B but the players were also allowed to leave on free transfer.
Chievo.
In August 2005, he was signed by Serie A side Chievo along with team-mate Giovanni Marchese and on 30 August sold to Torino's rival Juventus in co-ownership for a nominal fees of €1,000. He was immediately loaned back to Chievo and played 4 league matches.
Partially due to 2006 Italian football scandal, Juventus terminated all ongoing co-ownership deal in June 2006, and Mantovani was sold back to Chievo for about €301,000. He played 3 out of 4 European matches of Chievo, which exited in both UEFA Champions League 3rd qualifying round, and UEFA Cup first round.
Mantovani played 15 league start in 2006–07 season. Chievo was slipped from 4th (post-trail) or 7th (pre-trail) in 2005–06 to 18th that season, and Mantovani followed the team relegated to Serie B. At Serie B, Mantovani became an absolute starter, started 36 out of 42 matches, missed round 16 and round 22 due to suspension, 1 match as substitute and rested on last round (round 42).
In June 2008, he signed a new 4-year contract with club. Since returned to Serie A, he continued to play as a regular and helped the team survived in relegation battle. In 2009–10 season, he played as left-back or one of the 3 central defenders in 352 formation and helped the team remained in Serie A. He either ahead Bojan Jokić as left back or partnered with Jokić on the left flank: Jokić as wingback and Mantovani as left central defender.
Palermo.
On 6 July 2011, after weeks of speculation surrounding his future, Mantovani agreed a four-year deal with Palermo with €3.5 million transfer fee, thus re-joining his former Chievo head coach Stefano Pioli to Sicily. He debuted with the "rosanero" on 28 July against Thun in Europa League.
International career.
He was a part of the Italy national under-19 team which won the 2003 European Under-19 Championship, and played 16 games for the Italy national under-19 team.
He also played at 2001 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship, 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship and 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5946800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946800" title="Cairano">
Cairano

Cairano is a town (commune) in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946801" title="Venus Independent School District">
Venus Independent School District

Venus Independent School District is a public school district based in Venus, Texas (USA). It consists of 4 separate school buildings. Including Venus Primary (grades pre-k through 1st grade), Venus Elementary (grades 2-5), Venus Middle School (grades 6-8), and Venus High School (grades 9-12)
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
References.
Venus High School is a 3A High School. Venus schools mascot is a bulldog. The music department included band students grades 6-12.

</doc>
<doc id="5946802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946802" title="Calabritto">
Calabritto

Calabritto is an Italian town and a commune in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. As of 2009 its population was of 2,567.
History.
The town was struck by the 1980 Irpinia earthquake on 23 November. The town had to be rebuilt after the serious damage that was inflicted. It is in the earthquake region so it is prone to small earthquakes once every couple of months. A mountainous region surrounds Calabritto and gives it its truly scenic views.
Geography.
Calabritto is a small town surrounded by the Picentini mountains in the west and crossed by Sele river in its eastern side. It is linked with a mountain road to the ski resort and village of Laceno.
It borders with the municipalities of Acerno (SA), Bagnoli Irpino, Caposele, Lioni, Senerchia and Valva (SA). The only civil parish ("frazione") of the municipality is Quaglietta, autonomous municipality merged into Calabritto in 1928.
Society.
In the summer, many religious processions are held. In early July, people walk halfway up one of the mountains to the church of The Madonna, or Mother of Christ. Most citizens in Calabritto are Roman Catholic, some are Evangelists, and other Christian Religions. In the summer, the temperatures range from . Most of the workers in Calabritto work for the Industrial Firm located in Salerno. The common surnames of the town are Mattia, Zecca, Ficetola, Gonnella, Papa, Di Trolio, D`Alessio, Filippone, Castagno and Del Guercio.

</doc>
<doc id="5946805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946805" title="Calitri">
Calitri

Calitri is a town and "comune" of 5,292 inhabitants situated in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Overview.
Calitri is in Campania near the borders of the regions of Apulia and Basilicata. It is approximately above sea level so on even on the hottest day there is generally a breeze. The Antico Borgo is in the oldest section of the town, the centro storico, at the top of which are the remains of a castle which predates the 12th century. The Borgo itself is a labyrinth of historic houses which have, over the centuries, been built into the hillside. Stone and marble stairs,frequently under old stone arches, connect the streets.
Calitri suffered a devastating earthquake in 1980* and has only been partially rebuilt. The Castello at the top of its distinctive cone shaped hilltop is very impressive for its strong architectural forms. In recent reconstructions they are remerging as an important and physically attractive feature of the town.
Other recent excavation and reconstruction of an ancient Neviera in the Gagliano section of the town above the cemetery reveals an extensive underground, domed, ice-house of about in height and in horizontal circumference. Restored by the family of Giovanni Cerreta, the Neviera can be visited by inquiring at the Town's tourist office in the Centro Storico.
Martino; Salvatore; Scarascia Mugnozza; Gabriele 
Publisher: Elsevier Ltd 
Publish date: 2005-12
References.
"The role of the seismic trigger in the Calitri landslide (Italy): historical reconstruction and dynamic analysis"
Martino; Salvatore; Scarascia Mugnozza; Gabriele Publisher: Elsevier Ltd Publish date: 2005-12

</doc>
<doc id="5946811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946811" title="Candida, Campania">
Candida, Campania

Candida is a small town and "comune" (municipality) in the province of Avellino within the Campania region of Italy. It sits on top of a hill, at an elevation of and has around 1,100 inhabitants. It is from Avellino.
The economy is based mainly on agriculture.
History.
The first human settlements in the territory date back to the Roman times. Many ruins have been found in the localities of Cesine, Vigna, Selvetelle, Scandravoli, Giardino, Ponticelli, Gaudi, Toppa S. Andrea. The name of the town derives from the Latin "locus candidus" which means clear, shining place.
The first historical mention of the town appeared in 1045 when Candida was included, under the Lombard domination, in the Avellino county. From that time many feudal lords followed one another. The Filangieri family owned the fiefdom from 1187 with Alduino de Candida, until 1420 when Caterina Filangieri de Candida gave the fiefdom of Candida as a dowry to Sergianni Caracciolo. Then the fiefdom passed to the De Cardona, Magnacervo, Grimaldi, Saulli families back to the Caracciolos that kept it until the abolition of the feudal system.

</doc>
<doc id="5946813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946813" title="Lee Dong-gook">
Lee Dong-gook

Lee Dong-Gook () (born 29 April 1979) is a South Korean association football striker who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. He is a record scorer in the K-League, and had brief spells in Europe with Werder Bremen and Middlesbrough.
Lee has earned 99 international caps for South Korea since 1998, scoring 30 goals. He has played at two FIFA World Cups, two CONCACAF Gold Cups, two AFC Asian Cups and the 2000 Olympics.
Club career.
Early career.
Lee started playing football for Pohang Steelers, where due to his outstanding performance in his first season, he managed to make his debut for the South Korean national team. He was then sent on loan to Werder Bremen of Germany's Bundesliga.
During six months at Werder Bremen in 2001, Lee's playing time was limited partly due to injuries.
Lee left the Steelers in 2002 to perform his military service, joining the military team Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo. He spent two seasons there. His career recovered after he returned to Pohang in 2004.
In April 2006, Lee tore the cruciate ligaments in his knee while playing in a K-League match for the Pohang Steelers that forced him out for six months, and was unable to play in the World Cup.
Middlesbrough.
In January 2007, after being granted a work permit, Lee signed for English Premier League club Middlesbrough on an 18-month contract. He made his debut on 24 February, coming on as an 85th minute substitute for Yakubu in the 2-1 win against Reading. He scored his first goal on 29 August 2007 in a League Cup match against Northampton Town, and his second in the FA Cup against Mansfield Town on 26 January 2008. His contract expired at the end of the 2008 Premier League season and Middlesbrough decided not to extend his contract. He received offers from clubs in Japan and Germany.
Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma.
Lee signed a contract with Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma in 2008. However, he was unsuccessful, and was linked another move to several K-League and J. League clubs.
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
Lee was transferred to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the 2009 transfer window. He scored a brace in his debut for Jeonbuk on 15 March 2009 against Daegu FC. Lee completed his second senior hat-trick on 2 May 2009 against Jeju United. On 4 July, he scored his second hat-trick of the season against Gwangju Sangmu Phoenix. He eventually became the K-League Top Scorer in 2009 K-League, scoring 20 goals in 27 league matches. He also scored one goal in the second leg of final in K-League Championship, and Jeonbuk beat Seongnam Ilhwa by 3–1 to win the first league trophy in their history.
Lee became the K-League's all-time leading scorer with 117 goals when he got two goals in the 2012 season opener against Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma on 3 March 2012.
International career.
Lee was a member of the South Korea national football team at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He also took part in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and finished top scorer with six goals.
In 2002, Lee was not chosen by Guus Hiddink to represent South Korea in 2002 World Cup. Fans called him "Lazy Genius," because they felt that he did not fully use his potential.
This is also because Hiddink emphasized strong stamina, great power, and agile speed, which are the categories that Lee struggles in, except power. He later admitted that he spent his days drinking and did not watch a single game that took place during the 2002 World Cup.
Lee was coach Dick Advocaat's first-choice selection at forward for Korea ahead of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, but a knee injury suffered in a K-League match forced him to miss the tournament.
On 1 November 2007 Lee was banned from the national team for twelve months after it was revealed that he, along with team captain Lee Woon-Jae, teammates Kim Sang-Sik and Woo Sung-Yong, went on a late night drinking spree with several female employees during the Asian Cup, in which Korea received third place.
Unlike the other members who were involved in this incident, because Lee played for Middlesbrough in England, the KFA could not ban him from his club team matches.
Lee was listed onto the South Korea national football team line up for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He came on as a substitute in a game against Uruguay.
Personal life.
Lee married Lee Soo-Jin, a former Miss Korea of 1997, in December 2005. On 14 August 2007, he became a father of twin girls.

</doc>
<doc id="5946816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946816" title="Caposele">
Caposele

Caposele is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. 
The town was seriously damaged by the Irpinian earthquake of 1980.
It borders with Calabritto, Bagnoli Irpino, Lioni, Teora, Conza della Campania, Castelnuovo di Conza, Laviano and Valva.
The civil parishes ("frazioni") are Buoninventre and Materdomini. Materdomini was the death place of Gerard Majella and for the Basilica dedicated to him.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946817" title="Battle of Toba-Fushimi">
Battle of Toba-Fushimi

The occurred between pro-Imperial and Tokugawa shogunate forces during the Boshin War in Japan. The battle started on 27 January 1868 (or Keiō-4 year, 1-month, 3-day, according to the Japanese calendar), when the forces of the Tokugawa shogunate and the allied forces of Chōshū, Satsuma and Tosa Domains clashed near Fushimi, Kyoto. The battle lasted for four days, ending in a decisive defeat for the Tokugawa shogunate.
Background.
On 4 January 1868, the restoration of Imperial rule was formally proclaimed. Shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu had earlier resigned his authority to the emperor, agreeing to "be the instrument for carrying out" imperial orders. The Tokugawa Shogunate had ended. However, while Yoshinobu's resignation created a nominal void at the highest level of government, his apparatus of state continued to exist. Moreover, the Tokugawa family remained a prominent force in the evolving political order, a prospect hard-liners from Satsuma and Chōshū found intolerable.
Although the majority of fifteen-year-old Emperor Meiji’s consultative assembly was happy with the formal declaration of direct rule by the Court and tended to support a continued collaboration with the Tokugawa, Saigō Takamori physically threatened members of the assembly into ordering the confiscation of Yoshinobu's lands.
Although he initially agreed to the Court’s demands, on 17 January 1868, Yoshinobu declared "that he would not be bound by the proclamation of the Restoration and called on the Court to rescind it." On 24 January, after considerable provocation by Satsuma "ronin" in Edo, Yoshinobu, from his base at Osaka Castle decided to prepare an attack on Kyoto, ostensibly to dislodge the Satsuma and Chōshū elements dominating the Court and “freeing” young Emperor Meiji from their influence.
Preparations.
The battle started with Shogunal forces moved in the direction of Kyoto to deliver a letter from Yoshinobu, warning the Emperor of the intrigues plotted by Satsuma and the court nobles who supported it, such as Iwakura Tomomi.
The 15,000-strong Shogunal army outnumbered the Satsuma-Chōshū army by 3:1, and consisted mostly of men from the Kuwana and Aizu domains, reinforced by "Shinsengumi" irregulars. Although some of its members were mercenaries, others, such as the "Denshūtai", had received training from French military advisers. Some of the men deployed in the front lines were armed in archaic fashion, with pikes and swords. For example, the troops of Aizu had a combination of modern soldiers and samurai, as did the troops of Satsuma to a lesser degree. The Bakufu had almost fully equipped troops and Chōshū troops were the most modern and organized of all. According to Conrad Totman: "In terms of army organization and weaponry, the four main protagonists probably rank in this order: Chōshū was best; Bakufu infantry was next; Satsuma was next; and Aizu and most liege vassal forces were last".
There was no clearly defined intent to fight on the part of the Shogunate troops, attested by the many empty rifles of the men in the vanguard. Motivation and leadership on the part of the Shogunate also seems to have been lacking.
Although the forces of Chōshū and Satsuma were outnumbered, they were fully modernized with Armstrong howitzers, Minié rifles and one Gatling gun. The Shogunate forces had been slightly lagging in term of equipment, although a core elite force had been recently trained by the French military mission to Japan (1867–1868). The Shogun also relied on troops supplied by allied domains, which were not necessarily as advanced in terms of military equipment and methods, making up an army that had both modern and outdated elements.
The British Navy, generally supportive of Satsuma and Chōshū, maintained a strong fleet in Osaka harbour, a factor of uncertainty which forced the Shogunate to maintain the garrison at Osaka with a significant part of its forces in reserve rather than commit them to the offensive in Kyōto. This foreign presence was related to the very recent opening of the ports of Hyōgo (modern Kobe) and Ōsaka to foreign trade three weeks earlier on 1 January 1868.
Tokugawa Yoshinobu himself was in bed with a severe chill, and could not participate directly in the operations.
Combat of 27 January.
On 27 January 1868 (Japanese calendar: 正月３日), Tokugawa Yoshinobu, based at Osaka Castle, south of Kyoto, started to move his troops north to Kyoto, through two main roads, one being the Toba road (鳥羽街道), and the other the Fushimi road (伏見街道). Altogether about 13,000 troops were moving forward, although they were widely spread out, leaving about 8,500 for the action at Toba-Fushimi. The overall commander ("Rikugun Bugyō") of the operation was Takenaka Shigekata.
Toba encounter.
The Shogunal forces move in the direction of Toba under the command of vice-commander Ōkubo Tadayuki, making a total of about 2,000 to 2,500 troops. At around 1700, the Shogunal vanguard, made up largely of about 400 men of the "Mimawarigumi", armed with pikes and some firearms, under Sasaki Tadasaburo, approached a Satsuma-manned barrier post at the Koeda bridge (小枝橋), Toba (located in what is now part of Minami-ku, Kyoto). They were followed by two infantry battalions (歩兵), rifles empty as they did not really expect a fight, under Tokuyama Kōtarō, and further south by eight companies from Kuwana with four cannons. Some Matsuyama and Takamatsu troops and a few others were also participating, but Bakufu cavalry and artillery seem to have been absent. In front of them were about 900 entrenched troops from Satsuma, with four cannons.
After denying the Shogunal force permission to pass peacefully, the Satsuma force opened fire from the flank, the first shots of the Boshin War. A Satsuma shell exploded on a gun carriage next to the horse of Shogunal commander Takigawa Tomotaka, causing the horse to throw Takigawa and bolt. The startled horse ran wild, throwing the Shogunal column into panic and disarray. The Satsuma attack was forceful and quickly sent the Shogunal troops in disarray and retreat.
Sasaki ordered his men to charge the Satsuma gunners, but since the Mimawarigumi was armed only with spears and swords, his men were killed en masse. However, the Kuwana forces and a unit under Kubota Shigeaki held their ground, making the skirmish rage on inconclusively. The Shogunal troops set fire to various houses as they retreated, but that allowed Satsuma snipers to aim more easily. The situation stabilized during the night, as troops from Kuwana arrived in reinforcement.
The Toba battlefield has been transformed into a public park, Tobarikyūato-kōen (鳥羽離宮跡公園), which contains a monument to the battle. It is located just between the Koeda bridge, where the Satsuma forces were stationed, and the Jōnangū temple (城南宮), where the Imperial forces had their headquarters.
Fushimi encounter.
On the same day, Satsuma-Chōshū forces further to the southeast at Fushimi also inconclusively engaged Shogunal forces in their area. The Satsuma-Chōshū forces started firing on the Shogunal forces when they heard the firing of cannons from the area of Toba. The Shogunal forces were composed of Bakufu troops, Shinsengumi and Aizu troops.
A violent encounter took place for the control of Bungobashi bridge (豊後橋).
Events of 28 January.
On 28 January, Iwakura Tomomi gave Saigo Takamori and Okubo Toshimichi orders obtained from Emperor Meiji proclaiming Tokugawa Yoshinobu and his followers to be enemies of the Court, authorizing their suppression by military force, and granting use of the Imperial brocade banners. These brocade banners were prepared beforehand, having been made by Okubo Toshimichi a few months previously, and stored in Chōshū domain and in the Satsuma Kyoto residence until an appropriate opportunity presented itself.
In addition, Imperial Prince Yoshiaki, a young man of 22, who had lived as a Buddhist monk at the "monzeki" temple of Ninna-ji was named nominal Commander in Chief of the army. Although the Prince had no military experience, this nomination effectively transformed the Satsuma-Chōshū alliance forces into an Imperial army (or "Kangun"), which proved to be a powerful tool of psychological warfare, sending Shogunal forces into confusion and disarray, since anyone who fired on the army would automatically become a traitor to the Emperor.
The Bakufu forces that had been to Toba retreated and regrouped with other Bakufu troops at Tominomori (富の森), where they set up their command base.
Meanwhile, the Naval Battle of Awa took place that same day in the nearby Inland Sea. It was the first naval battle between modern fleets in Japan, and ended with a small Shogunal victory over a Satsuma fleet, but was insignificant to the unfolding of the land battle.
Events of 29 January.
Tominomori encounter.
The Shogunal forces which had regrouped at Tominomori (富の森) were attacked by the forces of Satsuma in the morning. Around noon, the Imperial brocade banner appeared from behind the Satsuma-Chōshū lines. At first, neither side recognized the strange banner. Messengers had to be sent to both sides to explain what it was. Shogunal forces were thrown into confusion and Satsuma-Chōshū forces, their morale boosted, drew swords and charged the Shogunal lines. The Shogunal forces attempted to counter-attack, but were forced to retreat in disarray. In the afternoon, the Shogunal forces had once again to retreat to the area of Nōsho (納所), in the direction of the Yodo Castle.
Takasegawa encounter.
The forces which had been to Fushimi, consisting in Aizu troops, Shinsengumi and Yūgekitai (遊撃隊) guerilla troops were again attacked at Takasegawa (高瀬川) and Ujigawa (宇治川) on the morning of the 28th by the troops of Satsuma and Choshu, and were forced to retreat after a bitter fight. They too, retreated in the direction of Yodo Castle.
Shogunal forces attempted to regroup at Yodo Castle, but were refused admission, as the "daimyo" of Yodo Domain had decided to defect to the Imperial side on the appearance of the Imperial banner and defeat of the Shogunal forces. The Daimyo of Yodo maintained his gates closed despite the supplication of the retreating army, thus denying them a major means of defense, forcing them to flee as far as Osaka castle. The "daimyo" of strategically located Tsu Domain followed two days later.
Events of 30 January.
The retreating Shogunal troops were progressively streaming into Osaka Castle.
At Osaka Castle, Tokugawa Yoshinobu gathered his advisors and military leaders to plan strategy and, to boost morale, advised that he would personally take to the field as commander of "bakufu" forces. That evening however, he slipped away from Osaka Castle accompanied by the daimyō of Aizu and Kuwana to escape back to Edo on the shogunate warship "Kaiyō maru".
As "Kaiyō maru" had not arrived, he took refuge for the night on an American warship, USS "Iroquois", anchored in Osaka Bay. The "Kaiyō maru" arrived the following day.
When the remnants of his forces learned that the Shogun had abandoned them, they departed Osaka Castle, which was later surrendered to Imperial forces without resistance. Yoshinobu later claimed that he had been disturbed by the Imperial approval given to the actions of Satsuma and Chōshū, and, once the brocade banner had appeared, he had lost all will to fight.
French advisors Jules Brunet and Cazeneuve, who were present at the battle, left Osaka and returned to Edo on 12 January, together with Enomoto Takeaki on board the "Fujisan". Enomoto brought with him various documents and a treasure of 180,000 ryō. They arrived in Edo on 14 January.
Consequences.
The effects of the Battle of Toba-Fushimi were out of proportion to its small scale. The prestige and morale of the Tokugawa "bakufu" was seriously weakened, and many "daimyo" who had remained neutral now declared in favor of the Emperor and offered military support to prove their new loyalties. Even more significantly, the ill-conceived attempt by Tokugawa Yoshinobu to regain control silenced elements within the new imperial government who favored a peaceful resolution to the conflict.
Osaka Castle, an important symbol of Tokugawa hegemony over western Japan, fell to Imperial forces. The victory set a course for a military settlement rather than a political compromise.

</doc>
<doc id="5946818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946818" title="Gholson Independent School District">
Gholson Independent School District

Gholson Independent School District is a public school district based in Gholson, Texas (USA).
The district has one school that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through eight.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Contact Information.
Gholson ISD
137 Hamilton Drive
Waco, TX 76705
254-829-1528

</doc>
<doc id="5946819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946819" title="Capriglia Irpina">
Capriglia Irpina

Capriglia Irpina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946823" title="Carife">
Carife

Carife is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. In the year 2001, the population was 1,697. 
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946825" title="Casalbore">
Casalbore

Casalbore is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946826" title="Wilfrid Thorley">
Wilfrid Thorley

Wilfrid Thorley (31 July 1878, Southport, Lancashire - 28 January 1963, Wirral, Cheshire) was an English poet and translator.
He was educated privately, then at the Liverpool Institute (now University of Liverpool) and Grenoble University. However, he said that he learnt most while teaching English to foreign students in Sweden, Belgium, France and Italy, during the ten years preceding World War I.
His best-known poem is "Chant for Reapers", due to its inclusion in the Oxford Book of English Verse [http://www.publicappeal.org/library/dps/obev/obev311.html].
Publications.
As Harley Quinn:

</doc>
<doc id="5946827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946827" title="Bertil Gärtner">
Bertil Gärtner

Bertil Edgar Gärtner (13 December 1924 – 20 September 2009) was a Swedish Lutheran bishop of Gothenburg (1970–1991), and professor of New Testament's exegesis at Princeton Theological Seminary, United States.
In 1969 Gärtner became provost of Gothenburg cathedral and on 24 July 1970 bishop of the Lutheran diocese of Gothenburg. Like his predecessor Bo Giertz, Gärtner was theologically conservative and High Church. He was the writer of a number of books about the ministry of the Church as well as on New Testament subjects. He was one of the Swedish church leaders opposing the ordination of women in the Church of Sweden. He was also an episcopal Visitor of Societas Sanctae Birgittae.

</doc>
<doc id="5946829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946829" title="Cassano Irpino">
Cassano Irpino

Cassano Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5946834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946834" title="Castel Baronia">
Castel Baronia

Castel Baronia is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Castel Baronia has a population of 1,233 inhabitants (Castellesi) and a surface of thus showing a population density of 80.59 inhabitants per square kilometer. It rises above the sea level. Castel Baronia is situated in the green area that extends from the Ufita valley to the province of Foggia, a gracious area, forming part of the Comunita' Montana of the Ufita Valley.
History.
The name of the town comes from the word Castello (from the Latin Castellum) due to the existence dating back to the Norman era, of an impenetrable fort in the highest part of the area, Trevico, above sea level, which dominated the town and surrounding areas. The Baronia area was the last fort of the province of Avellino that faced the so-called "table of puglia". The word Baronia was added to Castel when the district entered under the jurisdiction of the Baronia di Vico. Hence, Castel Baronia. The first written record of this town dates back to the second half of the 16th century when a certain Gradilione in 1079, nephew of the Norman, Roberto di Guiscardo, owned the lands of Vico. In 1122 the owner of this Castle was Riccardo de Formari, killed during the terrible battle of Flumeri. Passed from one duchy to another the last to own Castel Baronia was Nicola Caracciolo, from the duchy of San Vito, passed on through marriage dowry and remained until the abolition of feudality in 1806.
Castel Baronia has touristic importance formed by its history and precious archaeological neolithical finds which date back to 3rd century B.C. in part these have been discovered in the Isca del Pero area, where huts, tombs including jewels, amphors, coins and industrial clay items, vases, plates with characteristics of the Laterza culture. Inhabitants were the Irpini tribe from the Samnites, who consisted of four tribes, Carricini, Caudini, Pentri and Irpini. The Irpini's occupied southern Samnium between the valleys of Ofanto, Calore and Sabbato. They were called "uomini lupo" or wolf men and it is from them that the word "hirpus" or Irpino is derived.
Other important finds dating back to the second half of the 5th century BC from a Samnite necropolis, also included tombs that were discovered in the Serra San Marco region, where 130 tombs were discovered. Studies have demonstrated that the contents of these tombs proved the presence of inhabitants whose economy was based on agriculture and craftsmanship, influenced by the progressed civilizations of the central adriatic coastal areas. In the Medieval period evidence has shown that the primitive inhabitants occupied the "Acquara" area due to the presence of springs and consequently evidence of numerous water mills and herb gardens. Some items can be seen at the British Museum London. Big land owners were practically non-existent since everybody used the land for animals' pasture and farming. They had no slavery and everybody had freedom of expression. Because of this, the Samnites had a healthy social evolution with respect to other populations of the peninsula, an evolution that led these people to such political knowledge that advanced by thousand of years the new ideas of today's Europe.
The town has endured over the centuries many catastrophic episodes. Deaths caused by Chicken pox, measles, and malaria. In 1350, it was destroyed by the bandit Mariotto, ordered by the feudal of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi and the new Castel Baronia was rebuilt in the area of the sanctuary of S. Maria delle Fratte, where according to tradition a shepherd discovered a Byzantine painting representing the Madonna, still today fervently venerated. This small feudal area constituted one of the important defensive points of the Baronia di Vico. It was the property of the Del Balzo Orsini, D'Acquino, De Ponte and Caracciolo Families. Affected also by the numerous earthquakes to which the Irpinia area is particularly subject, many architectural buildings have been destroyed. However, the church of Santo Spirito of the Baroque period with its annexed franciscan convent within which there is a stunning 16th century cloister surrounded by portico's with 58 rare and precious parietal wall paintings, by Liborio Pezzella in 1773, representing the life of Saint Francis, Saint Bonaventura, Saint Bernard and others, to be seen for their beauty. Also to be found are lined 17th century sculptures representing Saint Peter, Saint Teresa and Saint Francis and paintings by the artist Lanfranco, there is also a painting of Saint Sebastian and this piece denotes clear traits of the great Caravaggio. The church also contains a wooden organ together with two gold wood altars dated 1740. An identical version of one of the altars has been seen at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
Also, miraculously conserved is the House of the famous 18th-century poet and jurist Pasquale Stanislao Mancini, Pasquale Stanislao Mancini and in his shadow the great women in his life his mother Maria Grazia Riola a lover of science and poetry. musician and fluent in French written and spoken both self-taught and a prodigy in the study of history, his wife, Laura Beatrice Oliva, poet and highly acclaimed theatrical author of the 18th century and his daughter Grazia Mancini, journalist and writer who participated actively in the political debate of her time on the emancipation of women. All three women dedicated their lives to instruction, poetry, music and languages.
Still to be admired are the remains of the benedictine church and monastery of Saint Giovanni in Acquara. The church of Saint Francis dates back to 1630 and conserves 17th century statues, whilst the Sanctuary of Santa Maria delle Fratte dates back to the 12th century and has been rebuilt numerous times due to the destruction by earthquake fenomena. The patron Saint Maria is celebrated on 2 February, and other dates to remember are Saint Anne, 26 July and Saint Anthony, 13 June and Saint Rocco 16 August. 
Few people know that Castel Baronia invented its own conventional language called "Ciaschino", created by the craftsmen and merchants of buttons and combs made from horns "segacorne", a craft to which Castellesi were famous and these products were exported to many different countries including the United States of America, mainly to Italian barber shops. This language, it is said, was used during the war to pass information from one family to another without being understood by any one except Castellesi. This town has over the years been emptied by immigration, but in occasion of the summer festivities, there returns a great presence of Castellesi from around the world who return here for their holidays.
Typical cuisine of this town includes home-made salami of various types, cheese for grating on pasta, ricotta, cured lard and more. For cooked dishes all ingredients fresh and strictly homemade "Cravaiuoli" Ravioli with ricotta, "La'ine" tagliatelle with tomato salsa, "Mmenesta Mmaretata" greens marinated and cooked with pork bones and rind, Cakes or sweets like "Castagnaccio" pastry stuffed with chestnut puree sugar cacao and liquor. "Pizza cu la riccotta" Flan of ricotta sugar and cinnamon and much much more 
Castel Baronia produces the finest extravirgin olive oil,"Gocce d'Oro" or golden drops from the numerous olive plantations in this area, mainly from Ravece and a variety of vines make this town a culinary dream.
The women of Castel Baronia are famous for their crochet skills, linen embroidery including embroidery and lace for the church altars, with some of the most elaborate and beautiful priceless specimens in Italy. The inhabitants of this small town can boast today amongst their craftsmanship, basket weavers, ceramicists, oil painting and water colour artists, and some of the most interesting and beautiful home created nativity scenes to be seen in Irpinia.

</doc>
<doc id="5946835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946835" title="Italy Independent School District">
Italy Independent School District

Italy Independent School District is a public school district based in Italy, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5946848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946848" title="Justin Eilers">
Justin Eilers

Justin Eilers (June 28, 1978 – December 25, 2008) was an American professional mixed martial artist, formerly with the UFC, WEC and EliteXC. He trained with Miletich Fighting Systems in Bettendorf, Iowa.
Biography.
Justin Mark Eilers was raised in Nampa, Idaho, and developed an early love of football. He began wrestling in the sixth grade and through high school, but he missed a football scholarship out of high school due to his low SAT scores, and soon took up karate at a local school. He began competing in small full contact shows around Idaho, where he met up and coming fighter Jens Pulver, who was fighting with the same promotion. Eilers was also friends with Mike Kyle and taught Kyle jiu-jitsu techniques when Kyle was a sophomore in high school. Eilers would actually end up fighting Kyle at UFC 49.
After being accepted to Butte Community College near Chico, California, Eilers left mixed martial arts behind for football, and was recruited by Iowa State University as a linebacker. He would go on to play for Iowa State for the next four years, After college, Eilers took time off to fully heal a shoulder injury. It was during this time that he had another chance meeting with Jens Pulver, who was now a popular fighter in the UFC. Pulver urged Eilers to try fighting again, and after a few months of training, he made his MMA debut in 2002 facing UFC Hall of Famer Dan Severn at "Victory Fighting Championships 3" (a local Iowa MMA organization). He would lose the fight via decision, but the experience pushed Eilers to focus full-time on the sport of mixed martial arts. Just one month later Eilers returned to MMA competition, taking a quick KO victory over Jeff Gerlick at an "Extreme Challenge" event.
Eilers went undefeated in his next 4 fights, before losing a close split decision victory to Cabbage Correira at "SuperBrawl 30". Coming off the loss to Cabbage, Eilers won his next five fights, all by KO, and was signed by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in 2004. His first fight in the octagon was against an old friend from high school, Mike Kyle at "UFC 49". Eilers knocked Kyle out in just 1:14 of the first round, but was suspended after the fight by the Nevada State Athletic Commission due to injury sustained to his hand in the fight. He returned in February 2005 at "UFC 51" to face top heavyweight contender Paul Buentello. Three minutes into the first round, Eilers was caught by a right hook from Buentello, which ended the fight. Four months later at "UFC 53", Eilers would get a title shot, facing Andrei Arlovski. Unfortunately he would suffer another KO loss at the hands of the UFC Heavyweight Champion Arlovski. Eilers suffered extensive injuries in this match, breaking both hands, his jaw, and tearing his ACL.
Following his loss to Arlovski, Eilers took eight months off, and returned to the octagon at "UFC 57" to face Brandon Vera. In yet another brutal knock out, he was dazed by a high kick to the top right side of the head and then dropped by a vicious knee to the same area. Eilers was released from the UFC in 2006, and returned to MMA competition at "Combat in the Cage 2", finally scoring a KO victory (his first victory in almost 2 years) over Sherman Pendergarst.
In June 2006, Eilers faced Jimmy Ambriz at WEC 21, taking a TKO victory due to doctor stoppage. In his next five fights Eilers proceeded to beat Rocky Batastini (by submission due to strikes), Wade Hamilton (by submission due to strikes), Josh Diekman (by TKO due to strikes), John Dixon (by submission due to strikes) and Jihoon Kim (by submission due to strikes). Eilers' winning streak came to an end when, on March 9, 2007, he lost to Pedro Rizzo by unanimous decision. The fight took place at the début show of the Undisputed Arena Fighting Championships, and was held in Dallas, Texas. 
Death.
At 10:45 p.m. on December 25, 2008, Eilers was shot during an apparent domestic dispute by his stepfather, 48-year-old James Robert Malec, at Malec's and his mother's residence in Nampa, Idaho. He died from a single gunshot to the chest. Malec, a former correctional officer, was arrested and charged with second-degree murder.
Eilers leaves behind a son, who was also in the home that night. Malec was convicted on the lesser charge of manslaughter and sentenced to 15 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="5946858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946858" title="Castelfranci">
Castelfranci

Castelfranci (Neapolitan: "Castafrancia") is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946860" title="Castelvetere sul Calore">
Castelvetere sul Calore

Castelvetere sul Calore is a "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
<BR>
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946863" title="Loyola Jesuit College">
Loyola Jesuit College

Loyola Jesuit College is a private co-educational, boarding, Roman Catholic secondary school in Nigeria operated by the Society of Jesus religious order. The school was opened on October 2, 1996, and is named after the Society's founder, St. Ignatius of Loyola. The college is located in Gidan Mangoro on the outskirts of Abuja, Nigeria's capital. The highly selective school has claimed the best West African Examination Council (WAEC) examinations results for the past seven years, as well as the best JAMB results for several of those years, and is thus regarded as the best in West Africa.
It is located in Gidan Mangoro, in Karu, Abuja.
History.
Loyola Jesuit College opened its gates on October 2, 1996. Funds to construct the school were provided by the Society of Jesus and many benefactors in the United States. The first principal of the school was Jim Kuntz, S.J. He supervised the building of the school facility and served as principal for three years. He was succeeded by O.T. Jonah, S.J. who served for four years in that office. Patrick Ryan, S.J. served as president of the institution during Jonah's term and for two years after. Following Jonah's term, Marc Roselli, S.J. took over as principal for the next three years. During his term, Peter Schineller, S.J assumed the position of president. The next president and principal was John-Okoria Ibhakewanlan (S.J.). On July 17, 2011, during the tenth graduation ceremony, Fr. Ugo Nweke was announced as the next Principal, and Fr. Ehis Omoragbon was announced as the new President.
Deaths of students on Sosoliso Airlines Flight 1145.
At first students from Port Harcourt travelled between school and their homes via buses on the roads. Rising crime along roads during the 1990s made parents believe that road travel was too dangerous. In 2001, when Sosoliso Airlines began services between Port-Harcourt and Abuja, parents placed their children on the flights.
On December 10, 2005, Loyola Jesuit College lost 60 students in Sosoliso Airlines Flight 1145. Among the many students who lost their lives was a family of three siblings and the Head Boy of the school at the time. The crash claimed 107 lives with two survivors. Kechi Okwuchi, a student at Loyola Jesuit, survived the crash. A new multi-purpose auditorium has been built in their memory, called the Memorial Hall.
Kechi was treated in Milpark Hospital in Johannesburg, South Africa as of 14 December 2005 and at Shriners Hospitals for Children in Galveston, Texas, United States as of 6 September 2007.
Newsletters from the school can be found on the school's website.[http://www.loyolajesuit.org/news.htm]
Campus.
The LJC campus is located on the outskirts of Abuja. The campus is fenced which ensures the safety of the students. Loyola Jesuit College is equipped with four large classroom and laboratory buildings, three boys dormitory buildings, one girls dormitory building, a chapel, a dining hall, a multi-purpose 'Memorial' hall, and staff quarters. Upon entering the LJC campus via the front gates, a statue of St. Ignatius of Loyola is seen presenting his sword.
The dormitories are Connelly, Loyola, Regis, and Xavier. Connelly is named after Cornelia Connelly, the founder of the Sisters of the Holy Child Jesus. The names of the others come from the Jesuit saints Ignatius Loyola, John Francis Regis, and Francis Xavier.
Admissions.
Loyola Jesuit College is one of the most selective secondary institutions in Nigeria. In the year 2010, 5000 wrote the school entrance exam and LJC accepted 2% of its applicants. Prospective students take a highly competitive entrance examination, after which a percentage of students are screened through interviews. Unlike many schools in Nigeria, Loyola Jesuit College does not accept transfers. It has a policy that ensures that students enter the school at the lowest class.
Loyola Jesuit College is one of the first schools in Nigeria to implement a strictly online application policy. Prospective students both apply online and receive their results online.[http://www.loyolajesuit.org/Admission.htm]
Student activities.
The college supports dozens of organized student activities. According to the college's website, ""Loyola Jesuit College has broad goals for the development of its students: some of those goals are fostered by the academic program, but many of those goals are fostered only outside the classroom, through the school's extracurricular and formational programs"".
The school is one of the most noted in the annual Cowbell Mathematics Competition.
Student activities and societies.
Most of the groups in Loyola Jesuit College were formed and are run by students of the school.
Alumni.
Loyola Jesuit College is known to be a feeder school to many top universities around the world. Alumni of Loyola Jesuit College have gone on to attend Ivy League colleges in the U.S. such as Princeton University, Harvard University, Yale University, University of Pennsylvania, Columbia University, Cornell University,and other institutions such as Massachusetts Institute of Technology, The Johns Hopkins University, Fordham University, Georgetown University, Boston University, Northeastern University, West Virginia University, Drexel University, Purdue University, Howard University, Illinois Institute of Technology, University of Nottingham, University College London, Stanford University, California Institute of Technology, University of Edinburgh, Cambridge University, Oxford University, Georgia Institute of Technology, Imperial College London, Canisius College, London School of Economics, University of Ibadan, University of Nigeria Nsukka, Obafemi Awolowo University, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, University of Lagos

</doc>
<doc id="5946866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946866" title="Cervinara">
Cervinara

Cervinara is an Italian town (comune) of 10,188 inhabitants in the province of Avellino, Campania.
History.
According to the legend, the name "Cervinara" comes from an altar dedicated by the Romans to Ceres, goddess of the harvest. The name appears for the first time in 837 AD document, describing the donation of "castrum quod dicitur in Cerbinaria Caudetanis" to Sicard, Prince of Benevento, by the monks of San Vincenzo al Volturno. The village probably formed between the 9th and 10th centuries AD, when populations concentrated from the countryside around the fortified castle.
Cervinara was held by several feudal families, including the Filangieri, the Carafa, the Caracciolo and the Sant'Eramo. Until the early 19th century, it saw a distinctive agricultural development, mainly due to the particularly fertile soil.
During the Italian unification, the Cervinaresi contributed to the liberal movements of 1820 and 1848, when the conspirators decided to start from Cervinara to march on Naples and establish a Republic. However, the revolutionary ferment never managed to involve the majority of the population, and on 29/30 November 1860, Cervinara sided with the Bourbons against the Italian troops which had occupied the Kingdom of Two Sicilies.
In the 19th century, during the Brigandage in the Two Sicilies, the bands of Cipriano and Giona La Gala chose as a refuge the mountains above the village to fight against the Italian troops.
Main sights.
The Cervinarese artistic heritage include the Lombard medieval tower, now partially demolished, the Abbey of San Gennaro, built around 1100 and now dedicated to the Shrine of Our Lady of Sorrows, and the Palace Marchesale, dating from the late 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5946868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946868" title="Nabburg">
Nabburg

Nabburg is a municipality in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Naab, 23 km east of Amberg.
Climate.
Climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "". (Marine West Coast Climate/Oceanic climate).

</doc>
<doc id="5946870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946870" title="Maypearl Independent School District">
Maypearl Independent School District

Maypearl Independent School District is a public school district based in Maypearl, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5946871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946871" title="Cesinali">
Cesinali

Cesinali is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946872" title="List of schools in Northern Ireland">
List of schools in Northern Ireland

The list of schools in Northern Ireland is divided into several articles:

</doc>
<doc id="5946876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946876" title="Chiusano di San Domenico">
Chiusano di San Domenico

Chiusano di San Domenico is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. Situated at above sea level, Chiusano is on the western slope of Mount Tuoro. In recent years Chiusano has experienced stagnant population growth with its 2009 population of 2,428 residents below its 1991 population of 2,539.
History.
Residence in Chiusano can be traced to the times of Ancient Rome based on the discovery of coins, pottery, and tombs. During the 11th century the Lombards ruled the area and life in Chiusano centered on a castle that was constructed on nearby Mount Dominic.
Family surnames and American immigration.
The five most popular surnames in Chiusano are Cataldo, Picardi, Dello Russo, Rizzo, and Muollo. A number of Italian-American families can trace their ancestry to Southern Italy due to the relatively high rates of poverty and limited economic opportunities available in that region compared to the more affluent Northern Italy. Consequently, several Italian-American families immigrated from Chiusano in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. 
Immigration from Chiusano appears to be particularly acute to Boston, Massachusetts, and its North End neighborhood. In fact, residents of Boston erected a monument in Chiusano celebrating the contributions of Chiusano residents during World War II. This monument features representatives of the Cataldo, Dello Russo, and Celata families.
Religious monuments.
Chiusano is home to multiple buildings of religious, historical, and architectural significance including The Church of Santa Maria degli Angeli (1710), The Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament of the Rosary (1712), and The Hermitage of Santa Maria Valley (1230).
Notes and references.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5946880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946880" title="Order of La Pléiade">
Order of La Pléiade

The Order of La Pléiade (), is an honorary order of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie. It recognizes people who particularly distinguished themselves in the service of its ideals of cooperation and friendship, promoting the role of the French language in their own countries or in the world. It was created in 1976 on initiative of the Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie. 
Origin of the name.
In this reverse chronological list, each item intentionally referred to the following (historically preceding) one:
Classes.
There are five classes (in descending order of precedence):
Insignia.
The "badge" of the Order of La Pléiade is a seven-pointed star, blue enameled at both sides. The obverse silver central disc features a silver-colored compass rose, surrounded by a blue enamel and silver edged ring with the text "la Pléiade, ordre de la Francophonie", itself surrounded by seven small silver stars. The reverse silver central disc features the Adolphe Bridge in Luxembourg, where the Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie was founded, and symbolizes unity.
The ribbon is sky blue with small yellow stripes near each border.

</doc>
<doc id="5946881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946881" title="Jang Dae-il">
Jang Dae-il

Jang Dae-Il (born 9 March 1975) is a South Korean football player.
He played for several clubs, including Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma and Busan I'cons.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5946882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946882" title="Eberlin">
Eberlin

Eberlin, or Eberlein, is a German surname.

</doc>
<doc id="5946883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946883" title="Palmer Independent School District">
Palmer Independent School District

Palmer Independent School District is a public school district based in Palmer, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Palmer ISD operates three campuses - 

</doc>
<doc id="5946884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946884" title="Vaire">
Vaire

Vaire is a Jat gotra, mainly found in the state of Haryana and Bulandshahr district of western Uttar Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="5946885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946885" title="Paul Cavallini">
Paul Cavallini

Paul Edward "Wally" Cavallini (born October 13, 1965 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He is the younger brother of former player Gino Cavallini, who was his teammate for several years with the St. Louis Blues.
A steady defenceman with some offensive abilities, Cavallini was selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. He entered the NHL after a season at Providence College where the Friars lost in the National Championship to RPI and future NHL star Adam Oates. After playing parts of two seasons with the Capitals, he was traded to the St. Louis Blues where he would spend almost six seasons including his best campaign, the 1989–90 season. He played in the 1990 All-Star game and led the league in plus/minus rating that season. He then returned to the Capitals for a second tour during the 1992–93 NHL season in a trade that sent Kevin Miller to the Blues. Cavallini would once again be traded by the Capitals, this time to the Dallas Stars where he would play until his retirement a few weeks into the 1995–96 NHL season.
In 564 NHL games, Cavallini scored 56 goals and 177 assists.
Cavallini missed 13 games during the 1990–91 season with a bizarre left index finger injury, in which he lost the tip of the finger. He suffered the injury while blocking a Doug Wilson slapshot during St. Louis' December 22, 1990, game vs. Chicago. The force of Wilson's shot literally severed the tip of Cavallini's finger. Cavallini found the tip of the finger inside his glove. Doctors hoped they could re-attach the tip in surgery, but their efforts failed. The piece of the finger was removed and the exposed bone covered with grafted skin. Cavallini did not return to action until St. Louis' January 25, 1991, game at Detroit. He scored a goal in that game.
Cavallini has three children, Zach, Reid and Cade Cavallini, and his wife's name is Tracy Smith, once an Olympic runner for Canada. They currently live in St. Louis, MO, where Cavallini is a successful stock broker.

</doc>
<doc id="5946887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946887" title="Contrada, Campania">
Contrada, Campania

Contrada is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
Culture.
Notable people.
Ammaturo Antonio, police officer, Vicequestore (assistant chief), head of Squadra Mobile of the Police Headquarters in Naples, responsible for a vivid contrast to the activities of criminal organizations in the territory of Southern Italy, especially against Camorra in the Neapolitan area, killed by a terrorist commando of BR in unclear circumstances, in Piazza Nicola Amore in Naples, 15 July 1982. Ammaturo was famous for his strong opposition to the famous criminal boss Raffaele Cutolo.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946891" title="Domicella">
Domicella

Domicella is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946895" title="Flumeri">
Flumeri

Flumeri is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946900" title="Fontanarosa">
Fontanarosa

Fontanarosa is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946903" title="Forino">
Forino

Forino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. In 2010 its population was 5,396.
Geography.
The town, located on a hillside between Salerno and Avellino, borders with the municipalities of Bracigliano (SA), Contrada, Monteforte Irpino, Montoro Inferiore, Moschiano and Quindici.
The municipality counts 3 hamlets ("frazioni"): Castello, Celzi and Petruro.
History.
On 8 May 663 AD the town was the scene of a battle between the Byzantine army of Constans II and the Lombard army of Romuald I of Benevento, son of Grimoald I and duke of Benevento.
According to legend, St. Michael made an apparition in this battle on the side of the Lombards. After this crushing defeat, Constans retired to Naples and gave up his attempts to expel the Lombards from south Italy.
Other sources tell that the battle took place at Calore River, where it joins with the river Volturno.

</doc>
<doc id="5946909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946909" title="Frigento">
Frigento

Frigento is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. It is situated in the Ansanto valley. Its population counts about 4,100 inhabitants spread over an area of . It borders the municipalities of Carife, Flumeri, Gesualdo, Grottaminarda, Guardia Lombardi, Rocca San Felice, Sturno, y Villamaina. Its name derives from the Latin word frequentia.

</doc>
<doc id="5946914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946914" title="HelicoCARE direct">
HelicoCARE direct

helicoCARE direct is a trademark for a Helicobacter pylori whole-blood antibody test that was introduced worldwide in 2006. It is manufactured by CARE diagnostica. It is an immunochromatographic test which detects the presence of antibodies against H. Pylori in whole-blood samples. This test is suitable for screening large populations for peptic ulcer disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5946916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946916" title="Greci, Campania">
Greci, Campania

Greci (Arbërisht: Katundi) is an Arbëreshë town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946918" title="Lapio">
Lapio

Lapio is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946919" title="Lauro">
Lauro

Lauro is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946923" title="Lioni">
Lioni

Lioni is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Its population was, in 2008, of 6,390.
Geography.
Located in western Irpinia, the municipality borders with Bagnoli Irpino, Calabritto, Caposele, Morra De Sanctis, Nusco, Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi and Teora. It is from Avellino and is linked by a mountain road to the ski resort of Laceno.
History.
The town's name appears for the first time in a deed of gift dated 883, with which the Lombard prince Sicardo granted the abbess of S. Sofia a property located in "Lions" (Lioni). 
The ancient settlement was probably one of the smaller neighboring towns of Ferentino, a Samnite stronghold destroyed by the Romans during the violent wars that bloodied the area. 
The remains of Cyclopean walls typical of Samnite fortified villages were found on mount Oppido between Lioni and Caposele. Samnites built these fortified walls because they were constantly besieged by the Romans. The walls encompassed an area large enough to hold houses, barns, and land for pasture. 
Numerous clay fragments, primarily from tiles and pottery, were found inside the walled area of Oppido. In addition, the town contains foundations of a large building whose layout resembles a medieval castle, and thus suggests continued use of the site in medieval times. 
In 1986 a stone marker (Termine Graccano) was discovered between Lioni and Teora, in Contrada Civita. This marker confirmed the hypothesis that the territory of the High Ofanto was affected by the agrarian reform initiated by the Gracchi in the first century BC. This reform redistributed public agricultural lands to the poorest citizens of Rome. The lands were divided into lots according to a square lattice of streets intersecting at right angles (and main streets running along the cardinal points). The stone markers were placed at regular intervals within this grid. The marker found in Contrada Civita bears an inscription quoting Gaius Gracchus, the son of Tiberius Sempronia, who was a member of the agrarian commission between 131 and 121 BC. 
Another important witness to the Romanization of the High Ofanto consists of a stele (stone tablet) found in the last century in the territory of Caposele, still in the area Oppido, and dating at the age of Domitian (81-96 AD). 
The stele bears a dedication to the god Silvanus, by some Domitius Phaon, who donated some of his possessions to the college of priests of the deities, fulfilling a vow made to the health of the king and his family. 
The stele is now in the Museum of Avellino. 
The catalog of the Barons noted that the feud of Oppido established by the Normans, was annexed to that of S. Angelo dei Lombardi in the fourteenth century. 
Records by Anjou we learn that March 16, 1300 Philip de Oppido obtained from Charles II action against vassals who have moved from Oppido ad locum quendam eidem castro conterminum here vulgariter nuncupatur them lyuni. 
Among the gentlemen of Lioni were the Balvano, the Gianvilla, the Caracciolo, and the Imperiale, who were the last feudal lords of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5946925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946925" title="Hans-Peter Wild">
Hans-Peter Wild

Hans-Peter Wild (born June 16, 1941 in Heidelberg) is a German entrepreneur and lawyer. He is the owner and chairman of Rudolf WILD GmbH & Co. KG, which, according to company information, is the world's largest private manufacturer of natural flavor ingredients for food products and beverages.
Biography.
Hans-Peter Wild was born in Heidelberg in 1941. He passed the first state examination as a lawyer in Heidelberg with distinction. He completed a degree in business studies in Mannheim, majoring in fiscal law and auditing. He completed a PhD entitled "The market-dominating company under French law" at the Faculty of Law at the University of Mannheim. After graduation, he worked at the Diersch & Schröder group of 
companies for four years as managing director, being responsible for the companies mineral oil, chemistry and shipping activities. In 1974, he joined his parents' company - with the aim of expanding the world markets with Capri Sun and taking the company global.
Wild has stood for the internationalization of the company ever since. Wild also used the international market knowledge that he gained for the extensive international expansion of the division dealing with natural flavor ingredients for food products and beverages. He now develops and markets food and beverage ingredients worldwide under the motto "We create great taste".
Social involvement.
Hans-Peter Wild is President of the "Leonie Wild Charitable Foundation", which he initiated together with his mother Leonie Wild in 1997. The trust helps citizens in need and is involved in social and cultural projects, particularly in Eppelheim and in the Heidelberg region. In addition to its support for the construction of the new Heidelberg Children's Hospital, it has also been supporting the "Ballschule" ball-sports academy at the University of Heidelberg since 2001. The Ballschule provides supplementary sports classes for children in the first and second grade (source: Rhein-Neckar-Zeitung, June 22, 2006). Dr. Hans-Peter Wild also assists the University of Heidelberg through donations, thus continuing the tradition started by his father Rudolf Wild.
Academic involvement.
Wild was a guest lecturer at St. Kliment Ohridski University in Sofia in 1993 as part of an initiative by the Stiftung Bulgarische Hochschulförderung (German-Bulgarian foundation for the support of Bulgarian universities), sharing his practical business experience as an entrepreneur. He donated a professorship to the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne. In the end of 2001 the IMD Lombard Odier Business Center was extended by the Wild Group Chair for Family Business.
Sports involvement.
In October 2007, Wild was instrumental in the formation of the "Wild Rugby Academy", an institution aimed at developing the sport of rugby union in Germany.
He also financially supports the Heidelberger RK, one of only two professional rugby clubs in Germany, in a sport otherwise fully amateur.
Awards.
The Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg made Wild an honorary senator in recognition of his many years of service in 1996. The town of Eppelheim made him an honorary citizen in June 2006 for his entrepreneurial achievements and his many years of commitment to the employees of WILD GmbH & Co. KG and the social facilities in Eppelheim and the region.

</doc>
<doc id="5946926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946926" title="Tufo">
Tufo

Tufo is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. As of 2009 its population was of 938.
History.
The name of the town derives from the tuff, the volcanic rock that is widely present in the subsoil of the whole area of the country.
Geography.
Situated in the geographical region of Irpinia, it has an area of approximately and a population density of 190 people per square kilometer. Tufo is bordered by the municipalities Altavilla Irpina, Petruro Irpino, Prata di Principato Ultra, Santa Paolina and Torrioni. The Sabato river flows south of the town.
Gastronomy.
The town has given its name to the popular white wine known as ""Greco di Tufo"" (Greek of Tufo).

</doc>
<doc id="5946928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946928" title="Minamoto no Tsunemoto">
Minamoto no Tsunemoto

Tsunemoto took part in a number of campaigns for the Imperial Court, including those against Taira no Masakado in 940 and against Fujiwara no Sumitomo the following year.
He held the title of "Chinjufu-shogun", or Commander-in-chief of the Defense of the North, and was granted the clan name of Minamoto by the Emperor in 961, the year he died.
Tsunemoto was the father of Minamoto no Mitsunaka.

</doc>
<doc id="5946929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946929" title="Montella">
Montella

Montella is an Italian town and "comune" (municipality) in the province of Avellino, Campania, with a population of 8,013. The zone was inhabited already in the neolithic period. The town was born like Sannites' village in the 1st millennium BC, to become a municipality of the Roman empire and a town under the Longobards.
Overview.
Giovanni Palatucci, honored by the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in 1990 as one of the Righteous Among the Nations, who saved more than 5000 Jews during World War II, was born here. 
Italian singer Aurelio Fierro was born here. Basketball coach Geno Auriemma, a member of both the Naismith Memorial and Women's Basketball Halls of Fame, was also born in the commune, although he emigrated with his family to the United States at age 7. Grandparents of Maria Bello moreover came from Montella.
It is also known around the world for its Latin speaking community centered around Accademia Vivarium Novum. From 1990-2009 Latinists from around the world have congregated around Luigi Miraglia and other less notable teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="5946931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946931" title="AStA">
AStA

The General Students' Committee (German: Allgemeiner Studierendenausschuss) or AStA, is the acting executive board and the external representing agency of the (constituted) student body at universities in most German states. It is therefore considered the student government and student representative organization. The AStA fulfils a similar function as the Students' Union at a British university.
AStA committees are usually elected by the student parliament and consist of one or more chairpersons as well as a set of consultants from different fields of study.

</doc>
<doc id="5946932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946932" title="Luogosano">
Luogosano

Luogosano is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946936" title="Mercogliano">
Mercogliano

Mercogliano is an Italian town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania.
Geography.
Mercogliano is a hill town located near the western suburb of Avellino and below the mount Partenio (or Montevergine). The municipality borders with Avellino, Monteforte Irpino, Mugnano del Cardinale, Ospedaletto d'Alpinolo, Quadrelle and Summonte. 
It counts three hamlets ("frazioni"):

</doc>
<doc id="5946938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946938" title="Montaguto">
Montaguto

Montaguto is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946940" title="Grottolella">
Grottolella

Grottolella is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. <br>
It is famous for its fraction "Pozzo del Sale"; years ago there was a water well here, with saline water inside, from which people used to get salt for free. Now the well is out of order, but the salt water, in the subsoil, could be used for a spa.

</doc>
<doc id="5946942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946942" title="Parolise">
Parolise

Parolise is a village and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
Parolise lies in the upper Irpinia area of the Apennine Mountains. The towns of Candida, Chiusano di San Domenico, Lapio, Montefalcione, Salza Irpina and San Potito Ultra are nearby.
Economy.
Parolise is known for the Calzaturificio Scorta, that provided shoes for the nobility of Southern Italy, and boots for the Italian Army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5946943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946943" title="Naumburg, Hesse">
Naumburg, Hesse

Naumburg is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 25 km southwest of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road.
Climate.
Naumburg has an oceanic climate with warm summers and cool winters.

</doc>
<doc id="5946944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946944" title="Quindici">
Quindici

Quindici is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
Quindici is situated in the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy. Bracigliano, Forino, Lauro, Moschiano, Sarno and Siano are nearby towns.
History.
Quindici has been inhabited by Ausonians, Osci, Etruscans, Greeks and Samnites, followed by the Romans who named the village Quindecim. It is from this Latin word that the name Quindici, meaning fifteen, was derived. 
A local legend states that the town was founded by fifteen deserters of Barbarossa's army during the Middle Ages. This legend is completely unfounded; archeological evidence suggests that human settlements in the area date back to pre-Roman times. Original settlers were likely Samnites from either the Pentri, Carricini, Caudini, or Irpini tribes.
The Fuscus clan, a subset of the Pentris, were early settlers in Quindici and became one of its principal families. Legend suggests they were the lead clan of fifteen, preying on merchant caravans which made the trek overland from the coastal city of Barium after having offloaded goods from points of trade in the east. The modern Italian surname "Fusco" is a derivative from Fuscus, meaning "dark one". The family is still represented in Quindici although many emigrated to the US in the early 20th century.
Both the Fusco and Graziano clans have vied for control of the town and region for many years with heads of both families claiming to be 'Boss' at various times. The Graziano family left for the new world in the late 1800s, leaving the Fusco family in control until their emigration ca. 1920.
There are many immigrant families from Quindici who settled in the north eastern area of the US, especially to the New Jersey towns of Hoboken and Paterson, Springfield, MA, and Utica, NY. There is also a significant population of Quindicese living in Connecticut.
Over the years, and continuing today, rival clans have fought for control of Quindici. These include the Bonavita, Santaniello, Cava, Vivenzio, Scibelli, Siniscalchi, Grasso, Fusco, Graziano, and Manzi families.
Sights.
The principal church is that of the town's patron saint, Maria S.S. Delle Grazie (Our Lady of Grace). Her feast day is held on 8 September.
The feast for San Sebastiano (St. Sebastian) and for San Antonio Abate (St. Anthony the Abbot) the Great (St. Anthony of Egypt) is held on 17 January and is accompanied by large bonfires. In an open space near the church of St Anthony the Abbot, local farmers bring their livestock and drivers bring their vehicles to be blessed by parish priests. 
Other town feasts include St. Lucia and St. Aniello in June; The Feast for the Immaculate Conception in December; The Feast of the Corpus Domini in July; and The Reenactment of the Death of Jesus Christ, accompanied by a late night procession around town, during Holy Week.
The Visitation of the Church of St Theodore the day after Easter Sunday is located on the peak of one of the town`s mountains. The church can be reached by driving on a modern built road or by walking along an old but picturesque dirt trail. The celebration includes a small procession by the chapel's statue of St Theodore and around the outskirts of the church. From the mountain top there is a panoramic view of the town of Quindici some feet below. Next to this church is a house where the Hermit of St Theodore resides all year round. A Quindicese, he has the key of the monastery/church in case villagers or visitors want to visit it during the year. 
This small town of about 3,000 inhabitants has one or two processions or feasts per month. 

</doc>
<doc id="5946946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946946" title="Rotondi">
Rotondi

Rotondi is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Rotondi has a population of 3,868 people. Rotondi is also an Italian last name. "Rotondi" means round or rotund. The name might have originated from the "round heads" from Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="5946950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946950" title="Teora">
Teora

Teora is a small town and "comune" of 1,573 inhabitants in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
Teora is bordered by the towns of Caposele, Conza della Campania, Lioni and Morra De Sanctis.
History.
The origin of the village was recorded by the Greek historian Dionisio of Alicarnasso (1st century B.C.) and by the Italian historian Marco Terenzio Varrone. It began as an agricultural and military centre, and was named after the Teora family, who founded it upon their arrival in Italy (in the so-called Magna Grecia) from Greece.
It was also reported that the "tribuno della plebe" Milo died there during the civil war between Julius Caesar and Pompey in the Roman era. In a Privilegio of 1200, granted by Pope Innocent III to Pantaleone, archbishop of Conza, Teora referred to using the name "Tugurium Biarium" for the first time. 
Filippo was lord of Teora in 1332, and its domain was acquired by the Earl Giacomo Arcuccio in 1376. Subsequently, it passed on to the Gesualdo Family and from 1676 to 1806, Teora belonged to the Mirelli Princes.
Three earthquakes have occurred in Teora, in 1694, 1732, and 1980 respectively; the last earthquake destroyed much of the village's historical and cultural identity. Twenty-five years after that last earthquake, Teora was awarded the Gold Medal of civil merit.
Culture.
Weddings.
Weddings in Teora follow a centuries-old tradition in which the groom serenades his bride on the evening before the wedding. Accompanied by local singers, the groom will usually stand under the balcony of her bedroom, awaiting the bride's response. After a few minutes, the bride is expected to switch on the light and go out onto the balcony, as a sign of her approval. The evening usually continues with music and songs in the bride's house.
Festival of Serenades.
Every year in the first half of August, the "Festival of Serenades" takes place, during which five Teorese girls stand on five geranium-decorated balconies, each waiting for her loved one. While professional "menestrelli" play their love songs, each man climbs a rope ladder to reach his lady and bring her a red rose.
Monuments.
Fountain of Monte.
The fountain, also called the "fountain of the dead men", has its origins in the 12th century, when the Church of Conza was designated by Pope Callisto II as a necropolis. The fountain has been completely rebuilt over the centuries, and today it is a simple-structured building.
Church of Saint Nicholas.
The precise date the church was originally built is unknown, as all documents were lost in a fire in 1690. The church has been rebuilt several times, and the present structure, with its 16th century appearance, was completed in the 20th century. The church was destroyed four times by earthquakes in 1604, 1694, 1732 and 1980. Today, only the skeleton of the greater altar and the ancient columns' stone bases remain of the structure. The new church, rebuilt after the 1980 earthquake, includes pieces obtained from the destroyed church and the "Congregation di Morti", also destroyed by the earthquake of 1980.
Corona flour mill.
The Corona flour mill is situated at the edge of the historical centre of the village. Its exact age is unknown, and it has not been in use for fifty years. The earthquake of November 1980 destroyed the central part of the mill.
Fountain (public washhouse) of Piano.
Situated to the west of the area, the rectangular fountain is subdivided in three zones with pillars. The water flows out of five stone masks and into three bathtubs leaning on the wall. Public washhouses are situated at the rear of the monument.
Stone of the civil weddings.
Congrega public square is named after the Congrega little church. The public documents which form part of the civil marriage ceremony are completed in public on a stone table in the square. It is not known when this tradition began. The table is made from a 20 cm-thick slab supported by two two stone pillars.
Football stadium "Ettore Chirico".
Named after Ettore Chirico, football player and mayor of Teora at the time of the 1980 earthquake, it is situated in the centre of the town and constitutes a site of frequent aggregation of the locals. It hosts the weekly matches of the local football teams. 
Festivals and events.
The town's patron is Saint Nicholas, who is remembered on August 13 and on December 6.
Squaqqualacchiun'.
This is a typical masque related to the day of Saint Anthony, January 17, on which the first day of the carnival is held. This event is featured in the "Museum of Popular Traditions" at Caserta.
Pizza of Saint Martin.
A potato pie is generally baked and eaten on November 11, (day of Saint Martin). According to the tradition, a small coin is hidden in the pie: whoever finds the coin in their portion has the right to decide the menu for the follow-up party that takes place on November 21 (called "Cummit").

</doc>
<doc id="5946952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946952" title="Avalon Independent School District">
Avalon Independent School District

Avalon Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Avalon, Texas (USA). The district operates one high school, Avalon High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $33,437,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.007 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
There is only one school in Avalon ISD, Avalon School, which serves students from Pre-K through twelfth grade.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Avalon High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball, softball, and volleyball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Avalon High School will play six-man football in UIL Class 1A 6-man Football Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="5946956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946956" title="Jang Hyung-seok">
Jang Hyung-seok

Jang Hyung-Seok (born 7 July 1972) is a South Korean football player.
He played for several clubs, including Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i, Anyang LG Cheetahs and Bucheon SK.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5946970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946970" title="Hubert Strolz">
Hubert Strolz

Hubert Strolz (born June 26, 1962 in Warth) is a former alpine skier from Austria. At the 1988 Olympics in Calgary he won a gold medal in the combined and silver in the Giant Slalom. In the World Cup, he won a combined competition January 17, 1988, in Bad Kleinkirchheim. He now runs a skiing and snowboard school in his hometown Warth.
References.
Sports Reference

</doc>
<doc id="5946973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946973" title="Naunhof">
Naunhof

Naunhof is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Parthe, 11 km northwest of Grimma, and 16 km southeast of Leipzig (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="5946976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946976" title="Wellesley College (New Zealand)">
Wellesley College (New Zealand)

Wellesley College is a boys-only independent primary school in Days Bay, Eastbourne, New Zealand. 
An Anglican Diocesan school.
Wellesley provides classes for boys from Year 0 to Year 8. The school's roll is currently managed to a level of around 340 boys providing an average class size of 23. While core Christian values are maintained representatives of other beliefs have always been a part of Croydon and Wellesley.
Team and athletic sports are provided for and there is a full complement of the necessary facilities. The sheltered waters of Day's Bay and its bush-clad backdrop give opportunities for less structured activities. The curriculum includes the performing arts and visual arts.
Now only a day school until 1970 its core was a boarding school drawing boys from remote-dwelling farming families all over the central North Island, Rangitikei, Hawkes Bay and Wairarapa plus a fair share of city boys. On school-days more boys, then as now, came by ferry or bussed from Wellington and the many parts of the Hutt. The school's acquisition of the fine grounds and the first accommodation came about through a commercial failure.
History.
Day's Bay House was built in 1903 for ship-owner, J H Williams, turned ferry service and eastern-harbour property developer. His Wellington Steam Ferry Company Limited made the heart of Day's Bay a destination resort and sports complex. The hotel operation met with only moderate success and in 1913 with its immediate surrounds, 4 acres, it was sold to Miss Gladys Sommerville so she might expand her successful Croydon School then still based at 81 Hill Street Thorndon.
Williams Park.
The remaining property was then bought by the Wellington City Council and is named Williams Park.
Croydon.
With little or no change Day's Bay House became Croydon Preparatory School for Boys. The old croquet-lawn became the sports field and in the 1920s the hotel's bowling-green became the boys' tennis courts. The rugby field remained at the southern side of the driveway but was not part of school grounds. The Pavilion and its amusements like the ferries and their wharf became part of (out-of-bounds) school life.
Upstairs on the northern side two pairs of bedrooms became dorms 1 and 2 and the upstairs guest sitting-room became dorm 3. Ultimately the (lightly) enclosed upstairs central verandah became a dormitory for the bigger boys. A comparatively well built first-floor room was added on high posts at the north-east corner to form a sick-bay. The main sitting-room was used by the principal but otherwise all accommodation and facilities were used as for the hotel. Boys were not permitted to use the main staircase.
Two corrugated-iron walled additions were made at the back of the main building; an assembly hall cum gymnasium with a very rarely used fireplace all on the same level as the main building and a two-storied block of four small classrooms up on the slope behind it, each with a tiny fireplace. The stairs to the upper floor were dramatically steep. Infant classes remained in the north-facing rooms of the main building by the gymnasium.
Miss Sommerville returned to Thorndon to direct the school from her house in Hill Street.
The school flagpole was the mast of the "Cobar". The "Cobar" was the steam yacht of the General Manager of The Great Cobar Copper Mining Company Limited in NSW Australia. The mining company struck temporary financial difficulties. "Cobar" was less than four years old and the Wellington Ferry Company snapped it up, sailed it over from Sydney and made the NSW coastal vessel a Day's Bay ferry. "Cobar" became so much part of the community its name has since been recycled for successors. She was able to carry 900 passengers but licensed for just 745 people.
Wellington Diocesan Boys' School —Croydon.
In April 1919 the Wellington Diocesan Church Schools Board purchased Croydon (and also Mrs Swainson's school renaming it Marsden).
Croydon would be a boarding school. The Board already had day schools in: Waverley, Masterton, Taihape, Marton, Hawera, and at St Mark's Wellington.
Board personnel were: Dr Sprott (bishop), Miss Baber (Marsden school), Rev R Franklin (St Barnabas Roseneath, diocesan organising secretary), Messrs. A E Mabin, W J Birch, G Shirtcliffe and J F Studholme. 
The generous help of the last four men as guarantors was acknowledged by the bishop when the school re-opened on 6 June 1919. The bishop advised that failing health had obliged Miss Sommerville to retire and she would not remain head of the school having given her "strong opinion" that the school should have a headmaster. The Rev R H Hobday had been appointed. The opening ceremony concluded with the hearty singing of the National Anthem.
The new name for the school did not 'stick' and soon it reverted to Croydon.
Wellesley.
In 1940 Mr William Hutton Stevens, who was lame and therefore known to many as ‘Hoppy’, leased the premises from the Wellington Diocesan Board and moved his day school, Wellesley College, which had been situated by the Wellington Club on The Terrace (and was spoken of by some as "not a proper school, a crammer's") to Day's Bay. 
The pupils of the Wellington Diocesan School for Boys (Croydon) were to be taken over by W H Stevens Limited and the company was required to provide for religious instruction in accordance with the doctrines of the Church of England in co-operation with the local vicar. Over lasting resistance Mr Stevens declared the two schools merged.
Wellington Diocesan Board's Wellesley College.
In 1965 the Diocesan Board regained management of the premises and in the end elected to retain the name Wellesley.
The corrugated-iron additions with the sick-bay annexe and laundry were demolished and new buildings erected there and on the former bowling-green tennis courts. New classrooms were opened at the beginning of 1969 and the new gymnasium / hall at the beginning of the 3rd term of the same year.
St Martin's church.
The little Arts & Crafts style church was put beside the school in 1922 at what is now 2 Pitoitoi Road. Much of its external character was given by its proportions, the fashionable way it had been painted and its high white-washed pebble-dash walls. At services a parishioner played its harmonium and there was sometimes evensong as well as matins.
Without its term-time boarders and within Eastbourne's parish the church building was removed in 1973 and the site sold.
Houses.
Wellesley as of 2012 has four houses: Wellington, Marlborough, Selwyn and Croydon.

</doc>
<doc id="5946987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946987" title="American School in Taichung">
American School in Taichung

The American School in Taichung (AST) is an international school in Taichung City, Taiwan offering grades one to twelve. The school, founded in 1990, was previously known as Lincoln American School. It is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and hosts the annual Taiwan Model United Nations (TAIMUN) conference, which is attended by schools from across Taiwan and Asia. One of the school's founders, Anna Lee, is a daughter of former President Lee Teng-hui. The school's current director is Mr. Andrew Corcoran.
History.
Twenty years ago, with limited resources and enormous curiosity, Dr. Esther Hanna and Anna Lee took an adventure to establish a new American school for expatriates' children in Taichung. The school was located in a town house with three bedrooms. Due to its limited resources and facilities, the officers of the Ministry of Education (MOE) and the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) were hesitant before agreeing to establish the school. Approximately 10 years ago, the school moved outside the city limits of Taichung, into an area that would become the Dakeng Nature Reserve. This location ensures that the area surrounding the school will not become urbanized, thus preserving the existing ecosystem that proves beneficial to supervised student exploration and scientific study. A new gym was added into the school campus on August 8, 2013.
Academics.
The required courses at the American School in Taichung are English, Mathematics, Science, History, Physical Education and two years of a Foreign Language (Spanish or Chinese). AST also has drama, art, and music programs (piano, choir ensemble, violin, and hand bells). There are two concerts during the year, one in the spring and one in the winter. Currently (as of the 2012-2013 school year), AST offers eight Advanced Placement courses: AP Statistics, AP Biology, AP US History, AP Calculus AB, AP Literature, AP Chinese, AP Physics and AP Language.
Sports and clubs.
Athletics<br>
American School in Taichung offers many sports for both middle school and high school boys and girls, including: volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, and cross country. The AST teams participate in tournaments that involve other international and bilingual schools on the island. 
Organizations.
Activities and organizations vary from year to year, but consistently include the following:
"Middle School:<br>"
Student Government (STUGO), Middle School Model United Nations, and Drama Club
"High School:<br>"
Student Government (STUGO), Science Club, Drama Club, Literary Club, Interact Club (Rotary), and Model United Nations (THIMUN-Singapore, IASAS MUN, and TAIMUN, which is hosted at AST)
"AST Science Club<br>"
The AST Science Club was established in 2006. The main purpose of it is to extend the range of extracurricular activities in school and to obtain extra credit offered for attending the club. The first advisor for the club was the science teacher, Dr. Gerry Rau, and there were 10 original members, mainly students from the class of 2012. The club has held various activities in school, including field trips and speeches. A professor from the National Chung Hsing University(國立中興大學), Dr. Wu-Chun Tu(杜武俊), has come to school to deliver a speech about the local midges (black fly) at the invitation of the club. The current advisor for the club is the present science teacher, Ms. Lily Hsu, and the number of members has increased to more than twenty. 
"Model United Nations (MUN)<br>"
AST has successfully developed an MUN program, Taiwan Model United Nations (TAIMUN). TAIMUN is organized by all high school students at the American School in Taichung, but not every student acts as a delegate. Schools from across Taiwan and Asia attend AST's TAIMUN Conference, currently in its eleventh year. AST has also attended MUN events in Singapore, Russia, and China.

</doc>
<doc id="5946990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946990" title="DRT">
DRT

DRT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946992" title="Sulo Nurmela">
Sulo Nurmela

Sulo Nurmela (February 13, 1908 in Miehikkälä, Finland – August 13, 1999) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the 4 x 10 km relay.
Nurmela's biggest successes were at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships where he earned 3 golds. (1934: 18 km, 4 x 10 km; 1935: 4 x 10 km).

</doc>
<doc id="5946995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946995" title="Archduke Ludwig Salvator of Austria">
Archduke Ludwig Salvator of Austria

Archduke Ludwig Salvator of Austria, in Italian Luigi Salvatore Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Dominico Raineri Ferdinando Carlo Zenobio Antonino, in German Ludwig Salvator Maria Joseph Johann Baptist Dominicus Rainerius Ferdinand Carl Zenobius Antonin (Florence, 4 August 1847 - Schloss Brandeis, Brandýs nad Labem-Stará Boleslav, Bohemia, 12 October 1915), is known as a champion for Majorca's wildlife, in an era when the term "conservation" meant nothing.
He settled on Majorca, buying up wild areas in order to preserve and enjoy it. His main home of Son Marroig, near the village of Deià is now a museum. Much of what was his property now belongs to Michael Douglas, most notably the Moorish style palace 'S'Estaca' that Ludwig converted from a ruined old manor house.
In Přerov nad Labem, Bohemia he founded the first open air museum in Central and Eastern Europe (ca. 1895).
Works.
He wrote a book on insects at the age of 22 and also the nine-volume book "Die Balearen" (The Balearic Islands).
Background.
He was the second cousin of Emperor Franz Joseph, of the ruling House of Habsburg-Lorraine, the fourth son of Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany. In his youth, he fell in love with Archduchess Mathilde, who was promised to Prince Umberto of Savoy. But she died accidentally; she was bored while watching a parade and tried to smoke a secret cigarette, her clothes caught fire and she literally burnt to death. Ludwig went to Majorca under his title of Count of Neuendorf, arriving in 1867. Falling in love with the clear air, water and dazzling blue skies of Majorca it was to become his base and home for the remainder of his life.
He explored on his steam-yacht the "Nixe". He was known for his extreme love of animals and nature.
He never married. Relationships with women included Catalina Homar. She convinced Ludwig to let her visit Jerusalem and it is believed that it was there that she contracted the leprosy that took her life in 1905. He had many lovers, most of them Mallorcan and he sired many illegitimate children. He treated them as honoured children and gave them land and wealth. Nevertheless, someone spoke about his homosexuality, because of some letters that were sent to him from a supposed lover, who added pornographic sketches.
Ludwig's main work, his 9 volume book on the Balearics took 22 years to complete.
When World War I broke out, his family ordered him to leave Majorca and in 1915 he died in family castle of Brandýs nad Labem-Stará Boleslav, Bohemia. He was buried in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="5946996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946996" title="Neckarbischofsheim">
Neckarbischofsheim

Neckarbischofsheim is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 8 km northeast of Sinsheim, and 24 km southeast of Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5947001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947001" title="In Our Own Image">
In Our Own Image

"In Our Own Image" is the 26th episode of "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 18 December 1998, as the fourth season finale.
Introduction.
A new advanced android begins to behave erratically. It escapes from the corporation that created it and takes a hostage.
Plot.
The Android "Mac 27" is seen to kill one of its handlers and injure another, then kill a guard as it makes its escape from "Innobotics", the corporation that created it. Mac car-jacks and kidnaps Celia, an apparently random person just pulling into the facility parking lot. He takes her to a remote abandoned warehouse, where he forces her to repair the damage he sustained in his escape. Using a device that allows Mac to transmit images directly to Celia's optic nerve, he shows her how to fix his systems, but also shows some of his "memories" — archives of past experiments with robots and androids. These are all pulled from previous episodes that featured robots, androids, or holograms, with most clips taken out of the context of the original episode.
She sees a number of AIs that have gained emotions and/or turned against their masters, and deduces that Mac has followed this trend as well. Under the pretense of performing another repair, Celia disables Mac's motor control functions. She reveals herself to be a "troubleshooter" hired by the corporation to figure out how to keep robots from going "rogue", and declares that she thinks she knows how to install a "built-in lobotomy" that will prevent AIs from becoming self-aware in the future. Mac reveals a double-cross, whereby he fooled Celia into thinking he was disabled when he was in fact not. He also lets on that he has stolen her retina imprint, which will allow him to use her credentials on the "Innobotics" network.
The corporation's investigative team enters the abandoned warehouse and finds Celia dead, but no sign of Mac. The scene shifts back to the laboratory, where the scientist who created Mac sees the network being accessed by someone who appears to be Celia. Since he has learned of Celia's death, he realizes this must be an intruder. He sees Mac enter, and the android uses his new network access to activate the other Mac-class units. The episode ends with Mac strangling his creator while all his brethren look on.

</doc>
<doc id="5947004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947004" title="Ulmus szechuanica">
Ulmus szechuanica

Ulmus szechuanica Fang, known as the Szechuan (Sichuan), or Red-fruited, Elm, is a small to medium deciduous Chinese tree found along the Yangtze river through the provinces of Sichuan, Jiangxi, Anhui, and Jiangsu.
Description.
The tree can reach a height of 18 m, but is usually less than 10 m, with a spreading umbrella-like crown. The leaves, distinguished by their emergent red colour, are generally obovate < 9 cm long by 5 cm broad, borne on branchlets with an irregular corky layer. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots in February, followed by suborbicular samarae < 16 mm by 13 mm in March.
Pests and diseases.
"U. szechuanica" was evaluated with other Chinese elms at the Morton Arboretum, Illinois, where it exhibited a resistance to Dutch elm disease. The species is eschewed by the Elm Leaf Beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" [http://www.sunshinenursery.com/survey.htm].
Cultivation.
Growing best on well-drained soils,"U. szechuanica" is also cold hardy; in artificial freezing tests at the Morton Arboretum the LT50 (temp. at which 50% of tissues die) was found to be - 30 °C. However, it was also found to be comparatively weak-wooded, making it susceptible to storm damage in winter. There are no known cultivars of this taxon, nor is it known to be in commerce beyond the USA.
Hybrid cultivars.
"U. szechuanica" is believed to have been used in recent (post 2000) hybridization experiments at the Morton Arboretum but results have yet (2008) to be published.

</doc>
<doc id="5947005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947005" title="Ha Seok-ju">
Ha Seok-ju

Ha Seok-ju (born February 20, 1968) is a retired South Korean football player and now a manager.
Ha played for the South Korea national football team (95 matches/23 goals) and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1998 FIFA World Cup. Ha was known for his left foot, for he was one of the few left-footed Korean players at that time. At the 1998 World Cup, Ha played the game against Mexico, South Korea's first match, in which he scored the opener for Korea, but was sent off on a sliding tackle from behind. He didn't play the game against the Netherlands because of his red card. He came back for the game against Belgium without scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="5947015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947015" title="Husky Injection Molding Systems">
Husky Injection Molding Systems

Husky Injection Molding Systems Ltd. is a supplier of machinery for injection molding of plastics. The company was founded in 1953 by a German immigrant to Canada. Husky was initially a small machine shop with no ties to the plastics industry.
Husky now manufactures a wide range of injection molding machines, injection molds, hot runners, robots, and auxiliary systems used in plastics manufacturing.
Husky's head office and primary manufacturing site is located in Bolton, Ontario, Canada. Husky also has manufacturing facilities in the United States, Austria, Luxembourg, Brazil, and China. Sales, parts, and technical support centers are located across the globe. 
Husky currently employs more than 4,000 people worldwide.
Husky is specializing in PET for beverage packaging products. Husky controls more than 50% of the global market for PET processing systems.
Husky Injection Molding Systems Ltd. was a publicly traded company from 1998 to 2007. Owning 44% of the company's stock, Robert Schad was the controlling shareholder. The company's common shares were listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
On December 13, 2007, the Canadian private equity investment firm Onex Corporation completed a friendly buy-out of Husky. The deal was worth C$960 million.
Onex announced on November 17, 2009, that it planned to sell its stake in Husky in a new initial public offering though it did not sell during that time.
On December 17, 2010, it was reported that Onex had started talks to sell Husky to rival buyout firms intending to fetch C$2 Billion.
Berkshire Partners LLC, the Boston based private equity firm, and OMERS Private Equity Inc., the private equity arm of the OMERS Worldwide group of companies, announced on June 30, 2011 the successful closing of their previously announced acquisition of Husky International Ltd. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947017" title="Frank Wörndl">
Frank Wörndl

Frank Wörndl (born June 28, 1959 in Sonthofen, Bavaria, then West Germany) is a German former Alpine skier. 
He has only won one World Cup competition, the 1987 World Championships Slalom in Crans Montana. The following year at the 1988 Olympics in Calgary, he won a silver medal in the slalom competition
References.
Sports Reference
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947020" title="Egushawa">
Egushawa

Egushawa (c.1726 – March 1796), also spelled Egouch-e-ouay, Agushaway, Agashawa, Negushwa, and many other variants, was a war chief and principal political chief of the Ottawa tribe of North American Indians. His name is loosely translated as "The Gatherer" or "Brings Together" ("c.f." Ojibwe "agwazhe'waa", "to quilt something(s); to blanket someone(s)"). As a leader in two wars against the United States, Egushawa was one of the most influential Native Americans of the Great Lakes region in the late eighteenth century.
Background.
Egushawa first appears in historical records in 1774, when he signed an indenture granting an island in the Detroit River to Alexis Masonville in 1774, not far from the British Army outpost of Fort Detroit. Nothing is known for certain about his life before that time. He was likely born in the Detroit River region, in what is now Michigan or Ontario. He came to prominence as a successor to Pontiac, the famous Ottawa leader, to whom he may have been related. Egushawa may have fought against the British during the French and Indian War (1754–1763) as an ally of the French.
American Revolution.
When the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783) began, Egushawa was living in a village at the mouth of the Maumee River, the location of the present-day Toledo, Ohio. Egushawa supported the efforts of the British in Fort Detroit to recruit American Indians allies in order to attack U.S. settlements in Kentucky. In April 1777, he traveled with British officials to Vincennes to help forge an alliance with some of the Wabash tribes. For his efforts, Henry Hamilton, British lieutenant governor at Detroit, awarded Egushawa a sword in June 1777.
Egushawa saw much action in the war. He accompanied St. Leger's expedition in upstate New York, taking part in the bloody Battle of Oriskany on 6 August 1777. In 1778, he was the main chief with Hamilton's expedition to recapture Vincennes after it had been taken by Colonel George Rogers Clark of Virginia. Clark made a surprise return to Vincennes in 1779 and captured Hamilton, but Egushawa escaped. In 1780, his war band accompanied Captain Henry Bird's invasion of Kentucky, in which two American "stations" (fortified settlements) were captured.
In the 1783 peace treaty which ended the Revolutionary War, the British ceded the land of their Native American allies to the United States. Without British military support, Native Americans were compelled to sign various peace treaties which ceded portions of the Northwest Territory to the United States, culminating with the Treaty of Fort Harmar in 1789. Egushawa opposed these treaties and did not consider them to be binding.
Northwest Indian War.
After the Revolutionary War, Shawnees of the Ohio Country began to forge a confederacy to oppose U.S. occupation of the land ceded by the British. These efforts were clandestinely supported by the British, who had refused to abandon Fort Detroit and Fort Mackinac as called for in the 1783 peace treaty. Egushawa was initially reluctant to take part in the Northwest Indian War, but he joined the native confederacy after the defeat of an American army led by Josiah Harmar in October 1790.
As a war chief, recruiter, and a diplomat to the British, Egushawa became one of the most prominent leaders in the war. In 1791, he probably led the Ottawa, Ojibwa, and Potawatomi contingent at the Battle of the Wabash, the most severe defeat ever suffered by the United States at the hands of American Indians. In 1794, Egushawa was seriously wounded in the American Indian defeat at the Battle of Fallen Timbers, which brought an end to the war. It was the last time he saw combat.
Recuperating, he lived on the Maumee or Raisin Rivers. He continued to urge fellow American Indian leaders to support the British Crown. With the British distracted by European wars, however, military support was not forthcoming, and so Egushawa agreed to negotiate a peace treaty with the Americans, one of the last chiefs to do so. He signed the Treaty of Greenville on August 3, 1795, ceding much of present Ohio to the United States. He died near Detroit shortly thereafter, probably leaving no descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="5947022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947022" title="Kerens Independent School District">
Kerens Independent School District

Kerens Independent School District is a public school district based in Kerens, Texas (USA).
The district, which also serves the cities of Goodlow and Powell, is located in eastern Navarro County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5947030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947030" title="Neckarsteinach">
Neckarsteinach

The four-castle town of Neckarsteinach lies on the Neckar in the Bergstraße district in the southernmost part of Hesse, Germany, 15 km east of Heidelberg.
Geography.
Location.
Both by way of transport and culture, Neckarsteinach’s location in the Neckar valley more tightly links it with the North Baden area around Heidelberg than with the rest of Hesse. It is furthermore one of the municipalities belonging, like the ones in the surrounding districts, to the Rhine Neckar Area. It lies mainly on the Neckar’s north bank along the B 37 and the "Neckartalbahn" (railway) and is Hesse’s and the Bergstraße district’s southernmost town, 15 km east of Heidelberg. Along the former railway spur line to Schönau, a further population centre was built to the northwest, that is to say, behind the Burgberg (“Castle Mountain”). In the east of town lies a smaller industrial area, a shipyard that arose out of shipbuilding, south of the B 37 on the Neckar marsh.
Neckarsteinach’s core lies southeast of and below the Vorderburg – one of four castles in town – and beginning in the 14th century it and the castle were girded by the same wall with the current town centre serving as the castle hamlet. The community was bordered in the north and east by the river Steinach, in the south by the Neckar and in the west by the Burgberg. The landscape near Neckarsteinach is in particular characterized by the cone of the Bergfeste Dilsberg lying across the Neckar (in Neckargemünd, Baden-Württemberg), around which the Neckar flows in a broad bend.
Constituent communities.
Neckarsteinach’s outlying centres of Darsberg and Grein are old settlements uphill to the north in the Odenwald; the outlying centre of Neckarhausen lies 3 km upstream in the Neckar valley. It should not be confused with the like-named place, also in the Neckar valley, west of Heidelberg and across the river from Ladenburg; that Neckarhausen is a constituent community of Edingen-Neckarhausen.
Population: (as at: 31 December 2003)
Neighbouring communities.
Neckarsteinach borders in the north on the town of Hirschhorn and the unincorporated area of Michelbuch, in the east on the town of Hirschhorn and the community of Schönbrunn, in the south on the town of Neckargemünd, and in the west on the town of Schönau (all three in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis in Baden-Württemberg).
History.
The earliest human habitation of what is now Neckarsteinach presumably took place in prehistoric times, for the water- and wood-rich area was ideal for hunting and fishing, and afforded a place sheltered from the cold north and east winds. In the 7th century, the area around Neckarsteinach belonged to the Lobdengau, and passed along with it to the high monastery at Worms, when its fiefholder Bligger von Steinach was first mentioned. Worms or Bligger and his sons and grandsons build the four Neckarsteinach castles, whose history is so tightly bound to the town’s.
In the 14th century, the town was surrounded with defensive walls by the Landschad family of Steinach, turning the Vorderburg (one of the castles) and the town together into an enclosed fortification. Nevertheless, the town itself was only half owned by the keepers of the Vorderburg, while those of the Hinterburg (another of the castles) owned the other half. In 1377, Neckarsteinach was mentioned as a town for the first time, and at the same time it became an “open house” of Count Palatine Ruprecht, who could then use it in case of a feud against anyone other than the Bishop of Worms as though he were the town’s fiefholder. In 1381 the first town hall was built, and in the early 15th century, Neckarsteinach received a town charter, which in the years that followed was changed and expanded. The oldest preserved town charter dates from 1537.
Since Hans III Landschad von Steinach became Lutheran in 1522, the Reformation was already fully in place in Neckarsteinach quite early on. In 1526, the Lutheran preacher Jakob Otter was working in town.
In the Thirty Years' War, the town suffered heavily. The Catholic League under Tilly, after conquering Ladenburg in the autumn of 1621 also took Neckarsteinach, whence the Dilsberg mountain fortress across the river was besieged in April 1622. After retreating for a short while to Sinsheim, the Catholic troops came back for the Battle of Wimpfen and quartered themselves in the town, where the Plague then broke out. In 1631, the Bavarian occupation troops were driven out by Swedish troops, before, in 1634, there were Imperial troops in town. Then once more came another wave of the Plague.
After the Landschad family of Steinach died out in 1653, the Bishoprics of Worms and Speyer at first oversaw the fief, with the latter living at the Hinterburg. In 1657, the episcopal fief was given to Wolf Heinrich Metternich von Burscheid, who had kinship with the Archpishop of Mainz, and who also acquired the allodial properties from the Landschads’ legacy. Metternich was old-school – that is to say, Catholic – and encouraged other Catholics to come and settle in town. The Evangelical church in Neckarsteinach therefore ended up housing up to three denominations from 1662 to1908. In the Nine Years' War (1688–1697), French, Saxon, Brandenburgish and Bavarian troops passed through the Neckar valley and quartered there and are said to have made contributions.
After 1685, many Huguenots – known locally as "Welsche" – who had been driven out of France for their beliefs, came to settle in Neckarsteinach. They were clothmakers and tanners, and with their skills, the town underwent an upswing offsetting some of the losses from the wars that had taken their toll.
In the early 18th century, Neckarsteinach was quarters and a field hospital site in the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–1714), the War of the Polish Succession (1733–1738) and the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–48) for troops engaged in these wars.
In 1699, ownership of Neckarsteinach passed by matrilineal inheritance to Caspar Hugo von Metternich zu Müllenark. His heirs later pledged the ownership of Neckarsteinach in 1738 to the baronial von Hundheim heirs, who were likewise set up as local lords once it became clear that the Metternichs could no longer redeem their pledge. Each lord then hired his own "Schultheiß" (roughly, “sheriff”), resulting in bitter quarrels, not only between the lords, but also among the townsfolk, over just who was in charge. Only in 1750 did Hugo Franz Wolfgang Metternich manage to allay the town’s concerns by uniting lordly authority in himself. He, however, died only four years later, whereupon both the Electorate of the Palatinate and the Bishopric of Worms laid claim to the town, each taking palpable measures to ensure its claim. The town passed first to the Electorate of the Palatinate, though through Imperial mandate it was given to the monasteries at Worms and Speyer in 1763. With mediatization in 1803, Neckarsteinach became part of Hesse.
In 1842 and 1843, the state road from Eberbach to Heidelberg was built, for which the town wall had to be breached. In 1878 chain-driven shipping began on the Neckar, and the next year, the "Neckartalbahn" (railway) reached town.
Politics.
Town council.
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
The town executive ("Magistrat") is made up of 6 councillors. Two seats each are allotted to the SPD, the FWG and the CDU.
Mayor.
Mayor Eberhard Petri was reëlected on 26 March 2006 with 73.8% of the vote.
The chief councillor and deputy mayor is Elisabeth Hinz (FWG).
Name and coat of arms.
The town draws its name from a feature in the local geography. It is here that the Steinach, a brook from the Odenwald, empties into the Neckar, and the town’s name is simply a compound of those two names.
The town’s arms refer to the "Minnesänger" Bligger von Steinach ("ﬂ." 1200), who was also a local nobleman, and even at the time bore arms with the harp as a charge.
Culture and sightseeing.
Four castles.
Neckarsteinach’s foremost sights are its four castles, which stand on crags or the slope leading down to the Neckar. They are the "Vorderburg" (“Fore-castle” or “Further Castle”), the "Mittelburg" (“Middle Castle”), the "Hinterburg" (“Hind-castle” or “Hinder Castle”) and the "Schadeck" (also called the "Schwalbennest", or “Swallows’ Nest”). The castles were built between 1100 and 1230 by the Landschad von Steinach family, partly as a Worms or Speyer fief, partly as an allodial holding. In the Late Middle Ages, some were owned by various other lords of the lower nobility. In the 16th century, they all found themselves back in the Landschads’ ownership. After the family died out in 1653, they were owned by a line of the von Metternichs, and after they, too, died out in 1753, the castles were held by the Bishoprics of Worms and Speyer. Eventually, with mediatization in 1803, they passed to Hesse, which sold the Vorderburg into private ownership and relinquished the Mittelburg along with the now ruined Hinterburg to those who had inherited the allodial property, the Barons of Dorth, who later also acquired the Vorderburg, whereas they chose to give the Hinterburg ruin back to the state. The Mittelburg, which was built into a Renaissance palace in the 16th century and Gothicized in the 19th century, is nowadays home to the von Warsberg-Dorth family; the Vorderburg is the Warsberg forest administration’s seat. The Hinterburg and Schadeck are freely visitable to the public. Particularly worth seeing at the Schadeck is the view over the bow in the Neckar and the Dilsberg mountain fortress over on the other side.
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Neckarsteinach and the outlying centre of Neckarhausen lie on the "Neckartalbahn" opened in 1879 and running from Heidelberg by way of Mosbach to Bad Friedrichshall, and since 2003 also served half-hourly by the RheinNeckar S-Bahn’s Lines 1 and 2. Between 1928 and 1981 there was a spur running along the Steinach up to Schönau, but passenger service on it ended in 1969.
The predominant traffic artery today is "Bundesstraße" 37.
Established businesses.
Goods transport on the Neckar has a long tradition in town. There are still shipowner families.
Tourism is run on the Neckar between Heidelberg and Eberbach (and sometimes as far as Heilbronn). Many guesthouses and overnight operations earn a living this way.

</doc>
<doc id="5947031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947031" title="Lee Sang-yoon (footballer)">
Lee Sang-yoon (footballer)

Lee Sang-Yoon (born 10 April 1969) is a retired South Korean football player.
He played mostly for Ilhwa Chunma.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at two edition of FIFA World Cup, in 1990 and 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5947039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947039" title="Adalbert Rozsnyai">
Adalbert Rozsnyai

Adalbert Rozsnyai, (born 17 April 1952), is a former Romanian football player and coach.
He played for FC Baia Mare, Jiul Petroşani and Dinamo Bucharest. Rozsnyai was fourth-leading scorer with 13 goals in the Romanian I Liga during the 1972–73 season.
He coached FC Baia Mare both as assistant coach and head coach.
As a highlights of his career we can name the Romanian Cup in 1974 with Jiul Petroşani, when he also scored a goal in the final game.

</doc>
<doc id="5947043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947043" title="SS Thomas T. Tucker">
SS Thomas T. Tucker

The SS "Thomas T. Tucker" (Hull Number 269) was a Liberty ship built by The Houston Shipbuilding Corporation for service as a troop and weapons carrier.
Liberty ships were named after prominent (deceased) Americans, starting with Patrick Henry and the signers of the Declaration of Independence. She was named after Thomas Tudor Tucker, an American physician and politician from Charleston, South Carolina. He represented South Carolina in both the Continental Congress and the U.S. House. He later served as Treasurer of the United States.
Career.
The ship was laid down on June 16, 1942, then launched on August 31, 1942. She ran aground off Oliphantsbos Point, near Cape Point, on November 27, 1942, during heavy fog while on her maiden voyage from New Orleans to Suez. She was sailing close to the coast – as she usually did when the sea was rough, due to the German U-boats actively patrolling the area – and the captain misjudged the ship's location because of the heavy fog. Assuming they were close to Robben Island, and therefore not far from Cape Town, the crew relaxed, and the ship ran aground. After an investigation, it was discovered that the ship's compass was out by 37°, although no conclusive reason was found for the incident.
Location.
The wreck is located on stretch of rocks on the shoreline of Oliphantsbos Beach, within The Cape of Good Hope Nature Reserve. It is split into three sections with a boiler higher up on the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="5947044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947044" title="Klaes Karppinen">
Klaes Karppinen

Klaes or Klaus Karppinen (9 October 1907 Iisalmi – 24 January 1992), was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the 4 x 10 km relay.
Karppinen's biggest successes were at the Nordic skiing World Championships where he earned 10 medals, including 5 golds (18 km: 1935, 4 x 10 km: 1934, 1935, 1938, 1939) and 5 silvers (18 km: 1939; 50 km: 1935, 1937, 1939; and 4 x 10 km: 1937).

</doc>
<doc id="5947051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947051" title="Tait Tower">
Tait Tower

Tait Tower (also known as Tait's Tower and officially as the Tower of Empire) was a tower in the art deco style constructed at the summit of Ibrox Hill in Bellahouston Park in Glasgow in Scotland as part of the Empire Exhibition, Scotland 1938. 
It was designed by Thomas S. Tait, stood 300 feet high (91.44 metres) and had three separate observation decks which provided a view of the surrounding gardens and city. Due to both the height of the tower and the hill it was built on, it could be seen 100 miles (160 km) away. The tower was the centrepiece of the Empire Exhibition and its image featured on many of the souvenirs that could be bought at the exhibition site. 
The Empire Exhibition took place at a time when Glasgow was the centre of British shipbuilding and engineering, and the materials - steel beams riveted together and clad in corrugated steel - were produced by Glasgow manufacturing plants. Tait's design and readily available materials made it possible for the tower to be constructed in only nine weeks.
Although it was to have been a permanent monument to the exhibition, orders were given to demolish the tower in July 1939, allegedly because it would provide a beacon for enemy bombers in the expected war with Germany. Only the foundations now remain.
Thomas' son Gordon Tait also worked on the project.
In December 2007, the Tait Tower was included in a 3D graphic reconstruction of the Empire Exhibition by the Digital Design Studio at Glasgow School of Art, sourced from contemporary photographs, film footage, sketches and drawings from the archive of the Mitchell Library.

</doc>
<doc id="5947053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947053" title="Francesca di Foix">
Francesca di Foix

Francesca di Foix is a "melodramma giocoso" (comic opera) in one act by Gaetano Donizetti with a libretto by Domenico Gilardoni based on one by Jean-Nicolas Bouilly and Emmanuel Mercier-Dupaty for Henri Montan Berton's 3-act opéra-comique "Françoise de Foix", inspired by the life of Françoise de Foix.
It received its first performance on 30 May 1831 at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples.
Performance history.
Seldom performed today, the opera is chiefly known for having provided segments to other Donizetti operas, including "Ugo, conte di Parigi", "L'elisir d'amore" and "Gabriella di Vergy" although a complete recording exists on the "Opera Rara" label.
However, it was given in London in November 2013, along with Debussy's "L'enfant prodigue" as a double bill, at the Guildhall School of Music.
Synopsis.
The Count is determined to keep his beautiful wife Francesca well away from the temptations of the French court. Knowing the amorous ways of the nobility he tells them that she is unwilling to appear in public because she is extremely ugly.
Unfortunately this raises the interest of the King who despatches one of his gentlemen (the Duke) to investigate, and if he finds that the Countess is beautiful he must lure her back incognito to court.
Sure enough the Duke is able to persuade Francesca to return to Paris with him. Rather than admit his deceit her husband at first refuses to acknowledge who she is. To force his hand the King announces that a tournament is to be held and the winning knight will be given Francesca's hand in marriage.
The Count can no longer keep up his subterfuge and admits that, driven by jealousy, he lied to the King and his courtiers. After due admonishment by the King all is forgiven and the Count and Countess live happily ever after.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5947056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947056" title="Kim Tae-young (footballer born 1970)">
Kim Tae-young (footballer born 1970)

Kim Tae-Young (born 8 November 1970) is a retired South Korean football player. He usually played as left or centre back.
He has spent his entire club career in Chunnam Dragons.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Part of the 2002 FIFA World Cup Korean defensive trio alongside Hong Myung-Bo and Choi Jin-Cheul.

</doc>
<doc id="5947058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947058" title="Alvord Independent School District">
Alvord Independent School District

Alvord Independent School District is a public school district based in Alvord, Texas (USA). The district is located in north central Wise County and extends into a small portion of southern Montague County. The district operates one high school, Alvord High School.
Finances.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $299,580,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.117 and the bond tax rate was $0.019 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. Thirty-five percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011-2012 school year, the district had students in three schools.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Alvord High School participates in the boys sports of baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls sports of basketball and softball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Alvord High School will play football in UIL Class 2A Division II.

</doc>
<doc id="5947061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947061" title="Canthus (herpetology)">
Canthus (herpetology)

In snakes and amphibians, the canthus, canthal ridge or "canthus rostralis", is the angle between the flat crown of the head and the side of the head between the eye and the snout. More specifically, between the supraocular scale and the rostral scale. It is defined as a sharp ridge in many viperids, but is rounded in most rattlesnakes, for example.

</doc>
<doc id="5947065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947065" title="The Whispering Shadow">
The Whispering Shadow

The Whispering Shadow (1933) is a Serial film, starring Béla Lugosi in his first of five serial roles. Lugosi received $10,000, the highest known salary of his career, for this film. (He also received the same amount for "The Mystery of the Marie Celeste" aka "The Phantom Ship" in 1935). The serial was filmed in only 12 days. It was the last film for actor Karl Dane.
Plot.
The Shadow in "The Whispering Shadow" is the underworld mastermind. He has invented a device that allows him to kill by radio control. He, along with several other persons, seeks the Czar's jewels. The series is notable for the constant false clues and decoy actions that make nearly everybody a suspect. Despite being the voice of The Shadow, Lugosi is a red herring.
Production.
The cinematography mimicked that of Karl Freund in Universal's "Dracula" - for example, using close ups of the actors' eyes - in order to take advantage of Bela Lugosi's fame as the star of that film. The shadow of The Shadow is not real; It was drawn in later by animators. Harmon and Glut comment on that "If Street & Smith, owners of the original of magazine and radio fame, had found out about the owner of the whisper, they might have sued."
The serial was later edited down to a feature length edition (as was common in those days).
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5947070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947070" title="List of British classical composers">
List of British classical composers

The following is a list of people born in Britain or of British citizenship who have worked or currently work in the classical music tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="5947075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947075" title="Pentre Bychan">
Pentre Bychan

Pentrebychan (variously spelled as either one word or two, with the literal Welsh language meaning of "little village") is a village in the county borough of Wrexham, Wales.
It is situated between Rhostyllen and Johnstown in the ward of Esclusham, some four miles from Wrexham town centre.
History.
The Pentre Bychan estate was once of great importance in the area. The 16th century house originally belonged to the Tegin family. It was a single storey building, half-timbered with wattle and daub. In 1620 the estate was purchased Hugh Meredith and the Meredith family, who owned several local coal mines, occupied the estate until 1802 when Thomas Meredith, the last of the male line, died. In 1823 the hall was replaced with a larger, three storey, dressed-stone building with gables, which had a stable block and coachhouse at the rear. The hall was surrounded by landscaped gardens which included a brick dovecote which dated back to 1721.
The house was used to house refugees during World War II. The building was purchased by Denbighshire County Council in 1948, who at the time administered the area, and was demolished in 1963. The Wrexham crematorium was later built on the site, located on Pentre Bychan Road, off Smithy Lane, and opened in 1966. The house's magnificent gardens and woods remain, utilised in the crematorium's 40 acre grounds which include three pools.
The ancient monument Offa's Dyke runs through Pentre Bychan.
Dee Valley Water and Scottish Power are prominent businesses located on the Wrexham Road at Packsaddle Bridge.
Notable residents.
The classical pianist Llŷr Williams was born in Pentrebychan in 1976
Countryside Walk.
Pentre Bychan can be visited as part of one of Wrexham County Council's Countryside Walks.

</doc>
<doc id="5947083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947083" title="Nerchau">
Nerchau

Nerchau is a town and a former municipality in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2011, it is part of the town Grimma. It is situated on the river Mulde, 7 km northeast of Grimma, and 30 km east of Leipzig (centre).
History and Economy.
Nerchau is known for its paint factory which was established by the Hessel brothers in 1834. By 1880 it employed over 100 people. In 1945 the paint factory was nationalized by East Germany. 
After German Reunification the factory was sold a number of times and now belongs to Schoenfeld GmbH (Düsseldorf), which produces artists' paints "Lukas" since 1862. 
The town has suffered from depopulation in recent years.
Transport.
The Autobahn A 14 runs nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="5947091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947091" title="Choi Eun-sung">
Choi Eun-sung

Choi Eun-Sung (born 5 April 1971) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. He spent 15 seasons as the goalkeeper with Daejeon Citizen.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
He is the first goalkeeper to have scored in the AFC Champions League against Monte Carlo on 9 October 2002. Daejeon Citizen went on to beat Monte Carlo 5-1.
In February 2012, just before the 2012 league campaign, Choi requested to extend the contract with Daejeon for one more year, but the board obstinately rejected his proposal. He had to leave Daejeon and become a free agent after rejecting a new deal with the club. On 23 March 2012, Choi joined Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors on a one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="5947098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947098" title="Theorosa's Bridge">
Theorosa's Bridge

Theorosa's Bridge is located just outside the town of Valley Center in Kansas, United States. Over the years, it has burned down and been rebuilt. There are several versions of the tale.
The first and oldest version is set in the late 19th century when settlers were traveling through the area. According to this story, a wagon train was passing through when a group of Native Americans, then called Injuns, attacked and a settler's baby, named Theorosa, was stolen. Her mother, grief-stricken and sick with worry, left the wagon train to search for her daughter. Legend has it that her apparition still roams the creek near the site of the bridge, her mournful voice still crying out "Theorosa", forever searching for her lost child, never to be seen by her again. 
Another version goes like this: Theorosa is a young Native American woman who has an illegitimate baby with a white settler and to hide her shame, she throws the baby into a nearby river and drowns it. Then, overwhelmed by grief, she also hurls herself into the water. In another close version, Theorosa is standing on the banks of the creek when she is stabbed in the back by the baby's father. The baby falls into the water and is carried away and Theorosa dies a short time later, only to haunt the creek, searching for the lost child. If you say "Theorosa, Theorosa, I have your child" Her specter will come and get angry at you.
A more modern version of the story has Theorosa as a local farm wife who has an illegitimate child with a hired hand. To hide her guilt, she throws the baby from the bridge. She jumps in after the child into the river and then returns to haunt the place. The story also maintains that those who stand on the bridge and speak aloud that they are Theorosa's child will be attacked by the specter as she rushes up from the river and tries to throw the person into the water below.
Another modern version of the story goes like this: The mother and her family lived near the creek. Their next door neighbors lived three miles east from them. The mother had three children, two sons and one daughter named Theorosa. She, her husband, and sons all had blonde hair, but her daughter had brown hair. Her husband suspects her of cheating with their neighbor and drowns Theorosa in the creek. When she asked her husband where Theorosa was, he confessed that he killed her and the mother ended up searching day after day for her baby. While searching for her baby, her husband takes the two sons and abandon her. She ended up farming and living on her own until she died of natural death, but everyday, she would go back to the very same spot her husband described, "down the creek at the end of the bridge." To this day, she still visits the very same spot. If you recite a chant about having her child, she will try to hurt you.
Yet another modern version of the story is this: Theorosa was a witch who lived near the creek. She conceived and bore a baby girl. She cast a spell of protection on herself and her daughter. The town people were scared,and thought that if they killed her and the baby the spell would die with them. The town folk captured Theorosa and hung her over the bridge, and soon after drowned the baby in the creek. To this day if you go to the original site of the bridge on Halloween around midnight and chant, " Theorosa, Theorosa I have your baby." She will attack you. The next morning when you awake, you will have scratch marks all the way down your back. To get to the old site, the road to the new bridge comes to a curve. At the curve you walk straight through the corn field and you will come to the creek.
The new bridge and all the signs by it are covered in graffiti. The bridge is located at 109th street N. and Meridian. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947109" title="Neresheim">
Neresheim

Neresheim is a town in the Ostalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated northeast of Heidenheim, and southeast of Aalen.
It's the home of the famous Neresheim Abbey, which still hosts monks, was "Reichsfrei" until the German Mediatisation and was built by Balthasar Neumann.
Neresheim is listed on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France, along with 95 other sites of battles won by the French army.

</doc>
<doc id="5947116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947116" title="Kitu Gidwani">
Kitu Gidwani

Kitu Gidwani (born 22 October 1967) is an Indian actress and model. She has starred in some movies as well as serials in Indian television. She became popular after a TV series, "Air Hostess" aired on Doordarshan in 1986, and received critical acclaim for her roles in "Dance of the Wind" (1997), Deepa Mehta's "Earth" (1998), Govind Nihalani's "Rukhmavati Ki Haveli" (1991), Kamal Haasan's "Abhay" and "Deham" (2001).
Personal life and background.
Gidwani was born in Mumbai. Her Sindhi parents migrated from Pakistan after the partition. They lived in a refugee camp in Worli. She has a brother.
She studied in Fort Convent School, Mumbai. Her post graduation days saw her interested in French and she started acting in French plays. Soon she was acting in English plays directed by Janak Toprani. She acted in some television serials and subsequently acted in a French film "Black" (1987), playing a Brazilian girl in it.
She has never been married and has vowed never to settle down at the risk of her pursuit of what she calls "duende," a search for harmony with the many magical aspects of living and nature.
Acting career.
Gidwani made her television debut in 1984 on the TV soap "Trishna", and during the 1980s and '90s, gave some memorable performances in TV serials like "Swabhimaan", "Air Hostess" and "Junoon". She caught a lot of attention after her kissing scene in bed with actor Raj Zutshi in "Junoon". In 1997, she was doing four serials at one time, besides "Swabhimaan" and "Junoon", she was also acting in "Saahil", "Yeh Kahan Aa Gaye Hum". She recently appeared in multi-starrer Hindi serials "Kaashish" and "Kulvadhu". 
In 1997, she played the role of a Hindustani classical singer, Pallavi, who struggles to get her voice back after losing her mentor/mother, in "Dance of the Wind". The role won her Best Actress Award at Three Continents Festival, Nantes. In Pankaj Butalia's "Shadows in the Dark" she played Lajma, a middle-aged woman living in present-day Pakistan. In the 2010s she played small roles in "Fashion", "Dhobi Ghat" and "Student of the Year".
In 2001, in conjunction with by Wills Lifestyle, an apparel chain owned by ITC Limited, to promote "Wills Sport Lifestyle" brand of clothing. In 2006, she also acted in a play, "Your Place or Mine" by Darshan Jariwala.
She also did a play, "Sock ’em With Honey", where she played a traditional Parsi woman from Pakistan, whose daughter falls in love with a Jew, prompting her first trip abroad.
Awards.
In 1998, Kitu won the Best Actress Award at the Three Continents Festival, Nantes, France. The award recognized her outstanding achievement for the role of "Pallavi" in "Dance of the Wind" (directed by Rajan Khosa).

</doc>
<doc id="5947119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947119" title="Matti Lähde">
Matti Lähde

Matti Lähde (May 14, 1911, Joutseno - May 2, 1978) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the 4 x 10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5947121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947121" title="Robert Hecht">
Robert Hecht

Robert Hecht is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5947123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947123" title="Minamoto no Mitsunaka">
Minamoto no Mitsunaka

, son of Minamoto no Tsunemoto, was a samurai and Court official of Japan's Heian period. Mitsunaka belonged to the Seiwa Genji branch of the Minamoto clan, which traced its ancestry to Emperor Seiwa. He loyally (if not selflessly) served several successive Fujiwara regents ("sessho and kampaku") beginning with Fujiwara no Morotada. Mitsunaka allied himself with Morotada in 969, by implicating Minamoto no Takaakira—Morotada's major political rival—in a plot against the throne. It is not clear whether these accusations were true, but Takaakira was sent into exile, placing Mitsunaka firmly in Morotada's good graces. Later, Mitsunaka would assist Fujiwara no Kaneie in his plot to coerce Emperor Kazan into taking Buddhist vows and abdicating in favor of Fujiwara's seven-year-old grandson. 
Mitsunaka's association with Fujiwara clan made him one of the richest and most powerful courtiers of his day. He served as the acting governor (kokushi) of ten provinces, most notably Settsu, which became the mainstay of his military and economic power. In addition, Mitsunaka inherited his father's title of "Chinjufu-shogun", Commander-in-chief of the Defense of the North. The patron/client relationship between the Fujiwara and the Seiwa Genji continued for nearly two hundred years after Mitsunaka's death; indeed, the Seiwa Genji came to be known as the "teeth and claws" of the Fujiwara.
Mitsunaka married the daughter of Minamoto no Suguru, from the Saga Genji branch of the Minamoto. He was the father of three sons: Minamoto no Yorimitsu (who became the hero of a large body of folklore), Minamoto no Yorinobu, and Minamoto no Yorichika. 
In his later years, Mitsunaka retired to his manor in Tada, a town in Settsu province; for this reason, he is also known as Tada Manjū. (Manjū is the Sino-Japanese reading of the characters for "Mitsunaka"). His descendants are sometimes referred to as the "Settsu Genji" or the "Tada Genji".
Mitsunaka appears in the anime "Otogizōshi", along with fictionalized versions of a number of other historical figures.

</doc>
<doc id="5947126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947126" title="Yoon Jung-hwan">
Yoon Jung-hwan

Yoon Jung-Hwan (born 16 February 1973 in Gwangju, South Korea) is a South Korean former football player, currently manager of Sagan Tosu.
In Korea, Yoon started his professional football career at Yukong Elephants and played at Bucheon SK and Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors for two seasons (2004–2005 : 13 goals, 4 assists). 
He played most notably for Cerezo Osaka in Japan. His last club was Sagan Tosu in Japan.
He also played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Yoon did not play in any of the seven games, since his style of play including creative dribbling did not strongly satisfy the Head coach Guus Hiddink who expected more physicality.
After the 2007 J. League Division 2 season, he announced his retirement from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="5947127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947127" title="Netzschkau">
Netzschkau

Netzschkau is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 6 km southeast of Greiz, and 21 km southwest of Zwickau.

</doc>
<doc id="5947129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947129" title="Taren Point Road">
Taren Point Road

Taren Point Road is a major road found in Taren Point and Caringbah, New South Wales, Australia.
Taren Point Road starts from Captain Cook Bridge, Taren Point and continues to Gardere Street, Caringbah. Traffic travelling north heads towards Sans Souci, and onwards to the city. Traffic travelling south heads towards Miranda or Cronulla. Taren Point Road begins and ends within the Sutherland Shire local government area.
Taren Point Road is three lanes in both directions. There are 5 traffic light intersections along the road. 
Sydney Buses routes 477 and 478 use Taren Point Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5947136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947136" title="Nigerian Security Organization">
Nigerian Security Organization

The Nigerian Security Organization (NSO) was the state security and intelligence service of the Nigerian government from 1976 to 1985.
Established in 1976 by the Military regime of Olusegun Obasanjo after the failed Dimka coup--which claimed the life of former Head of State Murtala Mohammed, the NSO was given a mandate of coordinating both domestic and foreign intelligence. During the time of the military regime, and continuing through the Nigerian Second Republic, the NSO was accused of carrying out systematic and widespread human rights abuses, especially of those seen to be critical of the government. One dissident has called them a "Gestapo in Black". 
The NSO became particularly notorious during Buhari's so called "War Against Indiscipline" crackdown in spring 1984. A series of repressive measures, led by NSO chief Mohammed Rafindadi, was carried out. Of these, repression against journalists, opposition figures, government officials (the Foreign Ministry saw a purge of those considered "disloyal") and the a 25 month imprisonment of musician Fela Ransome-Kuti are especially remembered.
Dissolved.
Following the 1985 military coup that brought Ibrahim Babangida to power, the NSO was dissolved into three separate divisions per the provisions made in Decree 19:
Babangida sought to clean up the reputation of the intelligence services with Decree 19, but there remains a great deal of continuity between the NSO and the SSS. In fact, the first chief of the DIA was Mohammed Rafindadi's predecessor as head of the NSO, General Aliyu Gusau. 
While the NSO is reviled in modern Nigeria, many of its practices have resurfaced in the SSS, which remains directly controlled by the President, and has been accused of human rights violations. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947137" title="South Carolina Highway 707">
South Carolina Highway 707

South Carolina Highway 707 is a highway in Georgetown and Horry Counties, South Carolina in the Myrtle Beach metropolitan area that begins at U.S. Highway 17 Bypass across from Farrow Parkway near Socastee, South Carolina and terminates at U.S. Highway 17 Business in Murrells Inlet, South Carolina.
History.
South Carolina Highway 707 began as an unpaved cow path in an area that was once largely rural. In the late 1970s, the route that South Carolina Highway 707 currently takes was previously signed as South Carolina Highway 544 from Murrells Inlet to the current intersection of Dick Pond Road in Socastee. At that time, South Carolina Highway 707 began at Socastee, followed Socastee Boulevard and parts of then-unbuilt US 17 Bypass north of the Myrtle Beach International Airport before terminating at U.S. Highway 501 on the route of the current Robert Grissom Parkway.
Much of the landscape traversed through the area was farmland until the 1980s when suburban growth began to occur outside of Myrtle Beach. Most of the growth around the area has continued into the 2000s, with development of golf courses, neighborhoods, and subdivisions being common in pockets along the fourteen-mile length. St.James High School opened on the highway near Burgess, South Carolina in 2002.
Widening project.
Because the area has experienced rapid growth within recent years, and because of increased traffic expected from the completion of Carolina Bays Parkway to S.C. 707, the South Carolina Department of Transportation has decided to widen the highway from near Enterprise Road south of South Carolina Highway 544 to U.S. 17 at the Horry-Georgetown county line. Much of the 9.2-mile project is being funded through the one-percent Horry County sales tax increase by the 'Riding on a Penny' program. The first public meeting on the road project was held in August 2008. Right of way acquisitions were set to begin late in 2010 with construction starting in spring or summer of 2011.
However, the Carolina Bays Parkway extension and the S.C. 707 widening were combined into one project in 2010, and in March of that year changes were made to plans for the parkway. After many delays, a groundbreaking for both projects took place November 6, 2013 at the future interchange of S.C. 544 and Carolina Bays Parkway. The $105 million S.C. 707 project was expected to be finished in Spring 2017.
Farrow Parkway interchange.
The intersection of South Carolina Highway 707 with U.S. Highway 17 at Farrow Parkway has seen increased traffic, and one of the first priorities for Horry County's program 'Riding on a Penny' will be to build a grade-separated interchange connecting the two roads together. The projected cost of the project was $49,500,000. The recommended configuration of the interchange, due to limiting right-of-way space and heavy traffic demands, is a single-point urban interchange. Also, U.S. 17 must go over a 35-foot-high, 1,200-foot long bridge because the soil cannot support a stronger bridge without work that would have delayed the project. As of April 2010, the projected cost had more than doubled to $107 million. Interchange construction began June 6, 2011, and the projected completion date is August 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5947139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947139" title="Shawn Chambers">
Shawn Chambers

Shawn Randall Chambers (born October 11, 1966 in Sterling Heights, Michigan) is a retired American ice hockey player.
A defenceman, Chambers played college hockey at the University of Alaska Fairbanks from 1985-1987. The Shawn Chambers Top Defenseman Award is presented annually to the best defenseman on the Alaska Nanooks ice hockey team.
Chambers was selected by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1987 NHL Supplemental Draft. He played parts of four seasons with the North Stars, including the 1991 improbable run to the finals. He is well known for a play in which he was beaten one-on-one by Mario Lemieux for one of the most memorable goals in Stanley Cup Finals history when the Penguins captain sifted the puck through Chambers' skates, went around him, and scored on North Stars goaltender Jon Casey.
Chambers was traded to the Washington Capitals prior to the 1991–92 NHL season, however he only played two games with the Capitals due to injuries. Left exposed in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft, he was claimed by the Tampa Bay Lightning. After playing two and a half seasons with the Lightning, he was traded to the New Jersey Devils, and his strong defensive play helped guide the Devils to their first Stanley Cup in 1995.
Chambers would join the Dallas Stars prior to the 1997–98 NHL season, and a year later he would help guide the Stars to their first Stanley Cup Championship in 1999. He retired after only playing four games for the Stars the next season.
Chambers holds the record as the athlete with the lowest rating in video game history. In EA's "NHLPA Hockey '93" Chambers, then a member of the Tampa Bay Lightning, had an overall rating of 1 (out of a possible 100).

</doc>
<doc id="5947141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947141" title="Death Wolf">
Death Wolf

Death Wolf are a Swedish horror punk and heavy metal band. They were originally formed as Devils Whorehouse and started as a Misfits/Samhain cover band.
Biography.
Devils Whorehouse were formed in 2000 as a Misfits/Samhain cover band but soon started to write own material.
In March 2011 they decided to change their original name and are now continuing under the name Death Wolf because "the music and philosophy behind the orchestra has outgrown its name". The name change was followed by a self-titled album released through now defunct label Regain Records
Musical style and lyrics.
The early Devils Whorehouse material is stylistically close to the bands Misfits and Samhain whom they originally covered. The name they adopted in 2011, Death Wolf, symbolises "the strength, dedication and will shown in its creations". The first album under the new name deals with "Northern end themes and death hymns". Their music still pays homage to Misfits and Samhain founder Glenn Danzig, though in a more subtle way than on early recordings, with "high speed metal punk" tracks like "Sudden Bloodletter" as well as doom tracks like "Rothenburg".

</doc>
<doc id="5947144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947144" title="Lee Min-sung">
Lee Min-sung

Lee Min-Sung (이민성; born 23 June 1973) is a former South Korean football player and coach who currently coaching Jeonnam Dragons FC. He played for Busan I'cons and Pohang Steelers and FC Seoul and also represented South Korea national football team at international level.
He was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and especially became well known for scoring the winner against Japan in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="5947147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947147" title="William Gordon Bagnall">
William Gordon Bagnall

William Gordon Bagnall (1852–1907) was a British mechanical engineer. Born in Tamworth, Staffordshire, he founded the locomotive manufacturing company of W.G. Bagnall in 1875, after working at John Bagnall & Sons of West Bromwich and Massey & Hill's millwrights of Stafford.

</doc>
<doc id="5947149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947149" title="Southampton Medical School">
Southampton Medical School

University of Southampton School of Medicine is a medical school in England. It is part of the University of Southampton and it offers four different undergraduate medical programmes, all leading to the award of a medical degree, styled "BMBS" (Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery). 
History.
The school was formed following the recommendations of the "Royal Commission on Medical Education (1965-68)" (who issued their report, popularly known as the "Todd Report" in 1968). The Commission estimated that by 1994 we would need to train more than 4500 doctors a year in the United Kingdom, and that this would need to be achieved by both increasing the numbers of medical students at existing medical schools, and by establishing a number of new medical schools. The report recommended that new medical schools should be immediately established at the Universities of Nottingham, Leicester and Southampton. University of Southampton School of Medicine was opened in 1971. 
Southampton pioneered the integration of patient contact into the early years of the medical curriculum, something which was very unusual when the medical school opened. 
Courses.
The four undergraduate medical programmes on offer are:
As of 2006 applicants will be required to sit the UKCAT admission test. As of 2008 the school admits some 206 home students per year and a further 18 from overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="5947150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947150" title="Snippet (programming)">
Snippet (programming)

Snippet is a programming term for a small region of re-usable source code, machine code, or text. Ordinarily, these are formally defined operative units to incorporate into larger programming modules. Snippets are often used to clarify the meaning of an otherwise "cluttered" function, or to minimize the use of repeated code that is common to other functions. The snippets themselves may be either literal text, or written in a simple template language to allow substitutions, such as variable names. Snippets are a small-scale form of copy and paste programming. Snippet management is a feature of some text editors, program source code editors, IDEs, and related software. It allows the user to persist and use snippets in the course of routine edit operations.
Overview.
Snippet management is a text editor feature popular among software developers or others who routinely require content from a catalogue of repeatedly entered text (such as with source code or boilerplate). Often this feature is justified because the content varies only slightly (or not at all) each time it is entered.
Snippets in text editors.
Text editors that include this feature ordinarily provide a mechanism to manage the catalogue, and separate "snippets" in the same manner that the text editor and operating system allow management of separate files. These basic management abilities include operations such as viewing, adding, editing, deleting, sorting, filtering, grouping, renaming, and storing snippets in a repository, catalogue, or database.
Snippets in IDEs.
Some programmer's applications such as Eclipse, NetBeans, and Microsoft's Visual Studio (a keyword and ) and other IDEs include built-in parts of structure for ease of coding.
Other applications such as Macromedia Dreamweaver make use of these code snippets as well for Web development.
Snippets in JIT compilers.
Just-in-time (JIT) compilers can "splice together" pre-compiled sections of code as longer object code/machine code segments. This reduces interpret time significantly and simultaneously speeds execution.
Definition.
"Snippet" refers narrowly to a portion of source code that is literally included by an editor program into a file, and is a form of copy and paste programming. This concrete inclusion is in contrast to abstraction methods, such as a function, which is abstraction within the language, and processed by the compiler, or macros, which are abstractions using a separate language, and processed by the preprocessor. Snippets are thus primarily used when these alternative abstractions are not available or not desired, such as in languages that lack abstraction, or for clarity and absence of overhead (by contrast with the indirection of macros).
Snippets are similar to having static preprocessing included in the editor, and do not require support by a compiler: once a snippet is included into the text, no further processing occurs. On the flip side, this means that snippets cannot be modified after the fact (except via search and replace, assuming the code has not been changed), and thus is vulnerable to all of the problems of copy and paste programming. For this reason snippets are primarily used for simple sections of code (with little logic), or for boilerplate, such as copyright notices, function prototypes, or standard library imports.
Example.
Consider the process of swapping the values of two variables, "x" and "y." Assuming weak typing and not being concerned about name collision, this is represented by the code:
When the snippet is inserted, the programmer is prompted for the values of the two parameters. Assuming they are type codice_1 and codice_2, which are the actual names of the variables they wish to swap, this will yield the code:
If the snippet is subsequently changed, say to use codice_3 instead of codice_4, it will not change the code that has already been inserted, but will be used in subsequent insertions of the snippet.
A snippet for this might be represented as:
Alternatives.
In C, an alternative to snippets is the use of macros. A macro for swapping two integers may be specified as:
or more properly:
Note that the use of block scope in C means that the variable codice_4 shadows any other variable with that name, and avoids name clashes; in the absence of such mechanisms, naming conventions such as codice_3 are necessary. Further, the codice_7 is used to allow this macro to be embedded anywhere a statement might be. (This is repetitive, so codice_8 is a potential snippet if such macros are commonly used.) These concerns occur with macros because they can potentially be used anywhere, and since they are not expanded in place, the actual syntax is unclear at the inclusion site.
This would then be used as such:
Note that the macro definition and name are included in the file, and must be processed by the C preprocessor prior to compilation.
Alternatively, a function could be used; because it needs to modify the variables, the parameters must be passed by reference, here using pointers:
In this case, using a macro or a function adds significant overhead to the simple task of swapping two variables, and would generally instead be written as following (showing a bit more context):
The swapping code could then have been generated by the following snippet (specifying type, and the two variable names):
Conventions.
In addition to the basic management abilities described previously, snippet management features can be classified according to the scope of interactivity between snippets and the text editor or application that hosts them.
These snippet feature groups include:
Static snippets consist primarily of fixed text that the user can choose to insert into the current document. The user is not able to specify anything else, except perhaps the cursor position relative to the newly inserted text. Static snippets are similar to simple macros.
Dynamic snippets consist of fixed text combined with dynamic elements. The user may specify both the content of the dynamic elements, as well as their position relative to the fixed text, as part of choosing what to insert into the current document. Examples of dynamic elements could be variables such as the current date or system time, or input from the user that is supplied via a GUI, or input from another application. (see also: programmable macro).
Scriptable snippets consist of runnable segments of code in either a macro language or a scripting language. Scriptable snippets provide the greatest degree of flexibility to the user, although that depends somewhat on the programming languages supported by the text editor, and whether or not the programming language is well-known, or particular and unique to that specific editor.
The type of scripting support varies, but may include features such as running shell commands, providing a GUI dialog or other methods of user interaction with the operating system; other applications; or other sub-components of the hosting application itself.
Snippet placeholders.
Placeholders are elements within a snippet that are left to be supplied by the user or other external process. The values for placeholders are not determined until the text of the snippet is inserted during an editing session.
Placeholders may have special markup syntax that allows the editor to identify the boundaries of placeholders relative to the other text in the current edit buffer.
Other applications employ graphical user interfaces and modal dialog boxes that allow the user to enter one or more values to be supplied for the placeholders.
Placeholder identifiers 
Placeholders are usually indicated by some special character or sequence of characters to distinguish them from the rest of the snippet text. Some systems allow snippet placeholders to be named identifiers. The identifiers may be useful for supporting such features as placeholder duplication or placeholder transformation.
The following example uses the identifiers codice_9, codice_10, and codice_11:
Placeholder duplication.
This allows the user to indicate that the value supplied for one placeholder should be replicated in multiple places, relative to the entire text of the programmable snippet. In the previous example, the named placeholder codice_9 is an example of this usage.
Placeholder transformation.
This allows the user to indicate that one or more values supplied for a placeholder should be replicated and transformed in other places within the text of the programmable snippet. For example, the user may supply a document title in one part of the snippet, and specify that the document title should be repeated in other places, with the first instance being all-uppercase and every other instance being lower-case.
Snippet programming features.
For applications that support scriptable snippets, the range of supported programming features varies. The following enumerates some of the features that are commonly implemented for programmable snippets.
Plain text.
Although plain text is a fundamental feature included even with applications that support only non-programmable "static" snippets, programmable snippets are also used for working with plain text.
One common complication, however, is that environments that support programmable snippets often have to make distinctions between what counts as "plain text" and what counts as "programming instructions". Further complicating this distinction is the fact that applications that support programmable snippets almost always include support for recognition of multiple programming languages, either through basic syntax highlighting or execution of embedded commands.
For these and other reasons, emitting plain text from programmable snippets almost always entails being careful to avoid problems with syntax and delimiter collisions.
Constants and variables.
Programmable snippets often include an ability to establish a binding to an existing variable scope or namespace, from which the user can select any of various constants or variables. These might include values such as the email address of the currently logged-in user on a given machine, the current system time and date, or the output value of a function.
Scriptable snippets are often associated with one or more currently active files. Consequently, variables may also include environment variables and arguments that specify the filename, cursor position, and parent directory among other stats relating to the files in a current editing session.
Interpreted code.
Scriptable snippets may allow execution of code in one or more programming languages. This may include one or more standalone languages, or a language that is specific to the application in which the language is hosted.

</doc>
<doc id="5947154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947154" title="Vasile Gergely">
Vasile Gergely

László Vasile Gergely (; born 28 October 1941) is a Romanian former football player.
Career.
Gergely played for CSM Baia Mare (1960–1962), Viitorul Bucharest (1962), Dinamo Bucharest (1963–1970) in Romania and Hertha BSC (1970–1972) Germany, and Durban City (1972–1973) in South Africa.
He played a total of 145 games in Divizia A, scoring seven goals and 35 games in Bundesliga. He was banned for life in 1971 together with other players for throwing the game against Arminia Bielefeld and accepting a 15,000 Deutsche mark bribe in exchange.
He won the Romanian championship in 1963, 1964 and 1965 and the Romanian Cup in 1968, all with Dinamo Bucharest.
Gergely won 36 caps for Romania and scored two goals.
In 2010, he was working in the casino run by the soccer club 1. FC Wilmersdorf, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5947156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947156" title="Hyun Young-min">
Hyun Young-min

Hyun Young-Min (born 25 December 1979) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Chunnam Dragons.
Career.
Club career.
Hyun Young-Min started his career at Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i in Korea Republic. At the beginning of 2006 Russian club Rubin Kazan tried to sign him, but he refused to play outside two Russian metropolises, Saint Petersburg and Moscow. Shortly thereafter he moved to Zenit Saint Petersburg and He played for them until 2007. In 2007, He returned to Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i.
In December 2009, He was traded with FC Seoul's captain Kim Chi-Gon.
International career.
He played for the Korea Republic national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i / Ulsan Hyundai FC
FC Seoul

</doc>
<doc id="5947162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947162" title="Neubukow">
Neubukow

Neubukow (literally "New Bukov", where 'Bukov' is a Polabian adjective from "beech tree") is a town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 18 km southwest of Bad Doberan, and 21 km northeast of Wismar. The archeologist Heinrich Schliemann was born in Neubukow.

</doc>
<doc id="5947175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947175" title="William Rubinstein">
William Rubinstein

William D. Rubinstein (born August 12, 1946) is a historian and author. His best-known work, "Men of Property: The Very Wealthy in Britain Since the Industrial Revolution", charts the rise of the 'super rich', a class he sees as expanding exponentially.
Early life.
Rubinstein was born in New York, and educated at Swarthmore College and Johns Hopkins University in the United States.
Career.
Rubinstein worked at Lancaster University in England from 1974 to 1975, the Australian National University in Canberra in 1976–1978, Deakin University in Victoria, Australia from 1978 to 1995, and currently works at Aberystwyth University.
Rubinstein has held chairs of history at Deakin and Aberystwyth Universities, and is an elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, the Australian Academy of the Social Sciences, and of the Royal Historical Society.
Rubinstein was President of the Jewish Historical Society of England from 2002 to 2004 and was the editor of the articles on Britain and the Commonwealth (except Canada) in the second (2006) edition of the standard reference work, "The Encyclopaedia Judaica".
Career as author.
Rubinstein is known for his research on the wealth-holding classes in modern Britain, making use of probate and other taxation records, in such works as "Men of Property: The Very Wealthy in Britain Since the Industrial Revolution" (1981) and "Capitalism, Culture and Decline in Britain, 1750–1990" (1991). More recently he has co-authored (with Philip Beresford) "The Richest of the Rich" (2007), an account of the 250 richest-ever people in British history since the Norman Conquest.
Rubinstein is published in such works as "A History of the Jews in the English-Speaking World: Great Britain" (1996) and in a well-known controversial work, "The Myth of Rescue" (1997), which argues that the allies could not have saved more Jews during the Holocaust. Holocaust historian David Cesarani called "The Myth of Rescue" "a polemic that will quickly fade, while the monumental scholarship it seeks to denigrate will still be consulted by historians and students for years to come." Rubinstein in return called Cesarani's views of the subject "totally lacking in historical balance or context".
He has also published widely on Australian Jewish history.
Rubinstein also researches unconventional history, and topics discussed by amateur historians but ignored by academics. His "Shadow Pasts" (2007) examines such topics as the assassination of President Kennedy, Jack the Ripper, and the Shakespeare authorship question. He also explored the topic of who wrote Shakespeare’s works in a book he co-authored with Brenda James, "The Truth Will Out" (2005), which hypothesizes that Sir Henry Neville (c.1562-1615), an Elizabethan Member of Parliament and Ambassador to France, was the real author of Shakespeare’s works.

</doc>
<doc id="5947182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947182" title="William C. Mellor">
William C. Mellor

William C. Mellor, A.S.C. (29 June 1903 – 30 April 1963) was a cinematographer who worked at Paramount, MGM and 20th Century Fox during a career that spanned three decades. 
After earning his stripes on a string of B-movies in the 1930s, he first started making serious inroads as a leading cinematographer in 1940 when he worked for Preston Sturges on "The Great McGinty". 
Mellor did his best work with directors George Stevens (winning Oscars for two of his films, "A Place in the Sun" in 1951 and "The Diary of Anne Frank" in 1959) and William Wellman ("Westward the Woman", 1951). He also contributed to several Anthony Mann westerns, including "The Naked Spur" in 1953, and a number of MGM musicals. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his work on Mark Robson's "Peyton Place" in 1957.
He died suddenly of a heart attack while filming Stevens' "The Greatest Story Ever Told" in 1963. Loyal Griggs replaced Mellor.
Mellor received a posthumous Oscar nomination for his work on the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5947191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947191" title="Kalle Jalkanen">
Kalle Jalkanen

Kalle Jalkanen (10 May 1907 in Suonenjoki - 5 September 1941 in Kirjasalo) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1930s. He won a gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the 4 x 10 km relay. He won the relay along with Sulo Nurmela, Klaes Karppinen and Matti Lähde.
Jalkanen's biggest successes were at the Nordic skiing World Championships where he earned 4 medals, including 1 gold (50 km: 1938), 2 silvers (18 km and 4 x 10 km: both 1937), and 1 bronze (18 km: 1938)

</doc>
<doc id="5947195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947195" title="Lee Sang-hun">
Lee Sang-hun

Lee Sang-Hun (born October 11, 1975) is a South Korean football player.
He played mostly for FC Seoul, then knowns as Anyang LG Cheethas. He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5947200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947200" title="Neubulach">
Neubulach

Neubulach is a town in the district of Calw, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the northern Black Forest, 27 km south of Pforzheim.

</doc>
<doc id="5947207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947207" title="Philippe de Montebello">
Philippe de Montebello

Philippe de Montebello (born May 16, 1936 in Paris) served from 1977 to 2008 as the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. On his retirement, he was both the longest-serving director in the institution's history, and the longest-serving director of any major art museum in the world. From January 2009, Montebello took up a post as the first Fiske Kimball Professor in the History and Culture of Museums at New York University's Institute of Fine Arts.
Born to a French aristocratic family, de Montebello immigrated to the United States of America in the 1950s, and became a naturalized citizen of the US in 1955. He was educated in New York City at the Lycée Français, graduated from Harvard University with a degree in art history, and earned an MA from New York University, after which he embarked on a career in Fine Arts. He became the Director of the Metropolitan Museum in 1977 and has become widely known as the public face of the museum.
He announced his retirement on 8 January 2008, stating that he intended to step down by the end of 2008 after more than 31 years at his post.
Biography.
Early life.
Born Count Guy Philippe Henri Lannes de Montebello in Paris in 1936 to a family descended from the Napoleonic aristocracy, de Montebello was the second of four sons. His father, Count André Roger Lannes de Montebello (Biarritz, July 6, 1908 - New York City, December 2, 1986), was a portrait painter, art critic, and a member of the French Resistance during World War II. His mother, Germaine Wiener de Croisset (born in Paris, October 26, 1913 and married in Paris, November 30, 1933), was a descendant of the Marquis de Sade, a daughter of the playwright Francis de Croisset, and a half-sister of the arts patron Marie-Laure de Noailles. One of de Montebello's great-great-great-grandfathers was Jean Lannes, Duke of Montebello and Marshal of France. 
Both parents were involved in a project to develop a form of three-dimensional photography, and it was in search of venture capital for this enterprise that the family came to New York in 1951. Whereas his brothers would all eventually return to France to take up jobs in banking, Philippe stayed in the United States and became an American citizen in 1955.
De Montebello was educated at the Lycée Français in New York, where he received his "baccalauréat" in 1958. He then went on to study art history at Harvard University, graduating magna cum laude, before continuing his studies at New York University's Institute of Fine Arts under Charles Sterling, an expert in French Renaissance art.
Early career.
In 1963, he was given the opportunity to work for the Met as a curatorial assistant in the Department of European Paintings. Thus began his career at the institution to which he was to dedicate his entire professional life, with the exception of a four-and-a-half-year stint (1969–1974) as Director of the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston, Texas.
Before his sojourn in Houston, de Montebello had risen through the ranks in the Department of European Paintings at the Met, eventually becoming full curator. He returned to New York in 1974, as vice director for curatorial and educational affairs. He became director in 1977.
Family.
On June 24, 1961 in New York, he married Edith Myles (born in New York, October 20, 1939), who is the financial-aid director of the Trinity School in New York City. They have three children: Count Marc André Marie (born in New York, October 11, 1964), married civilly at Choiseul and religiously at Marnes La Coquette, November 28, 1986 and divorced Laure Marie Dauphine de Sabran-Pontèves (born at Neuilly, February 26, 1966), by whom he had a son Alexandre (born in New York, May 9, 1987); Laure (born in New York City, May 5, 1968) married to Robert Bernstein, M.D., with two children, Claire and Maximilian (Max); and Charles (born in Houston, Texas, January 16, 1971), married to Raasa Leela Shields (born in Richmond, Virginia) with two children, Kivlighan Finch and Everest Leo Myles.
Curator of the Metropolitan Museum.
Under his directorship the Metropolitan Museum has nearly doubled in size to two million square feet. Notable changes have included the opening of the beloved Carroll and Milton Petrie European Sculpture Court in 1990, the widely acclaimed new galleries for Greek & Roman art, the recently opened Ruth and Harold D. Uris Center for Education, the remodelled and reinstalled galleries for Oceanic and Native North American art, and expanded galleries for Chinese, Cypriot, Ancient Near Eastern, and Korean art. In 2007, the Metropolitan reopened its expanded galleries for 19th- and early 20th-century century European paintings and decorative arts, formerly Modernist, in a historicizing Beaux-Arts style, and a new high-ceilinged gallery to show off Giovanni Battista Tiepolo's monumental paintings to their best advantage. Occasional criticism of de Montebello has focused on his alleged conservatism regarding modern and contemporary art: in a 1999 op-ed piece in the "New York Times" he lauded the city's mayor Rudy Giuliani for rubbishing Chris Ofili's infamous painting "Holy Virgin Mary", which used elephant dung as one of its materials. In the early years of his tenure, the Department of Modern Art was said to lag behind the museum's other departments in its spending power. But in recent years, the Museum has purchased iconic works by Jasper Johns, Damien Hirst, and Robert Rauschenberg, and mounted exhibitions by contemporary artists like Johns, Rauschenberg, Tara Donovan, Sean Scully, and Kara Walker.
Mr. de Montebello's other major building programs have included the expansion and renovation of period rooms and galleries for the decorative arts, the opening of new permanent exhibition galleries for drawings, prints, and photographs (supplemented in 2007 with the new Joyce and Robert Menschel Hall for Modern Photography), the conservation and installation of the Gubbio Studiolo, the opening of the Antonio Ratti Textile Conservation Center, the opening of the new Mary and Michael Jaharis Gallery for Byzantine art, and the installation of Coptic art in an evocatively designed, crypt-like gallery carved out of former storage space beneath the museum's Great Hall staircase. Current renovation programs underway at the Met will enhance its Medieval art galleries and expand and reinstall the American Wing—projects that will add space without breaking the outside footprint of the building in Central Park.
Under de Montebello's directorship, the Met acquired many major private collections, notably the Jack and Belle Linsky Collection of European Paintings, sculpture, and decorative arts; the Heinz Berggruen collection of works by Paul Klee; the gift of 10 paintings by Clyfford Still by the artist's widow; the Annenberg Collection of Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings; the Florene Schoenborn collection of 20th-century works; the Jacques and Natasha Gelman Collection of modern paintings; the Gilman Paper Company Collection of 19th-century photographs; the Muriel Kallis Steinberg Newman Collection of Abstract Expressionist and other modern works; and most recently, the Diane Arbus archive.
De Montebello also worked to acquire a number of individual masterpieces over the years,including works by Vermeer, Rubens, Guercino, and Nikolaus Gerhaert von Leyden. Among the most celebrated of these acquisitions have been the 11th-century gilt-bronze Cambodian deified king known as the "Golden Boy" in 1988; Vincent Van Gogh's "Wheat Field with Cypresses" in 1993, Jasper Johns' masterwork "White Flag" in 1998, and in 2004 the much-applauded Madonna and Child by the Renaissance master Duccio di Buoninsegna.
Throughout this period, the Met under de Montebello's leadership mounted some 30 special exhibitions annually, involving not only all the museum's 17 curatorial departments, but also presenting works of art on loan from public and private collections around the world (current shows listed on the museum's website, metmuseum.org). Many of the shows were accompanied by the publication of major catalogues. Under de Montebello, the Met has become the leading art book publisher in the U.S., issuing some 25-30 lavishly illustrated volumes each year, most carrying an introduction by the director.
Long the "voice of the Met," de Montebello also narrates the Met's audio guides for both exhibitions and the permanent collection. He lectures on museological matters throughout the world, and has also given public readings of French poetry by Baudelaire, Rimbaud and others at the museum.
Retirement.
On January 8, 2008, he announced his intention to retire by the end of 2008 (). Commenting on his announcement, James R. Houghton, chairman of the institution's board of trustees, stated: "To say that his decision marks the end of an era surely constitutes one of the great understatements, not only in the Museum's life, but in the cultural life of the city, the state, the nation, and the world. Philippe de Montebello's manifest contributions to the Met span four decades bridging two different centuries. He leaves an incomparable legacy of accomplishment that has significantly enhanced the institution and brilliantly served its international public. No museum director anywhere has done more to expand and enrich the appreciation of art for more generations and with greater taste, erudition, diplomacy, and vision. As much as we regret his planned departute, we join in celebrating achievements that will sustain the Metropolitan—its collections, and its magnificent galleries—for generations to come." He was succeeded by Thomas Campbell in September 2008.
Association of Art Museum Curators.
De Montebello assisted in the formation of the Association of Art Museum Curators in 2001, and later helped forge its policy on spoliated World War II-era art, advocating transparent research into the ownership history of museum collections, and testifying on Capitol Hill. In August 2006 he successfully negotiated the precedent-setting agreement with the Italian government that ended years of disputes regarding the legal ownership of several works in its Greek and Roman collections. Under the terms of the historic pact, Italy provided long-term loans to the Met in exchange for the return of these works.
Teaching.
De Montebello uses his 30 years of experience as the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in his role as the first professor to teach the history and culture of museums at New York University's Institute of Fine Arts. In addition to being a full-time professor at the IFA, where he discusses topics such as the history of collecting and the progression and modernization of museums, de Montebello also advises NYU on its planned overseas campus and curriculum in Abu Dhabi, scheduled to begin enrolling students in 2010. He plans on teaching a shortened version of his course at the new campus when it opens. He begun teaching at NYU in January 2009 as well as consulting and lecturing at several museums on the modernization of their collections. In 2012, de Montebello served as the Humanitas Visiting Professor in the History of Art at the University of Cambridge.
De Montebello also serves as co-host of NYC-ARTS, a weekly program highlighting current New York City exhibitions, cultural institutions and profiling relevant contributors to the arts on Thirteen/WNET.
Honors.
Among the numerous accolades that have been bestowed on him, Montebello was made a Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur in 1991 (he was promoted to the rank of Officier in 2007). His adopted home country followed suit by awarding him the National Medal of Arts in 2002, the National Humanities Medal in 2010, and the Mayor's Arts Award in 2007. De Montebello has also earned the Order of Isabel la Catolica, Encomienda de Numero; the Spanish Institute Gold Medal Award; Knight Commander, Ponitifical Order of St. Gregory the Great; the 2002 Blerancourt Prize; the 2004 Amigos del Museo del Prado Prize; and in 2007 the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold & Silver Star, from the Government of Japan. He has received honorary degrees from New York University, Dartmouth College, Lafayette College, Bard College, Iona College, the Savannah College of Art and Design, and his alma mater, Harvard. De Montebello is a recipient of The International Center in New York's Award of Excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="5947208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947208" title="Kim Do-keun">
Kim Do-keun

Kim Do-Keun (born 2 March 1972) is a South Korean football player.
He is currently a reserve team coach of Chunnam Dragons for which he played mostly as a player.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5947216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947216" title="Neudenau">
Neudenau


</doc>
<doc id="5947226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947226" title="Hexapolis">
Hexapolis

Hexapolis (), meaning "six cities", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947227" title="Lee Lim-saeng">
Lee Lim-saeng

Lee Lim-Saeng (born November 18, 1971) is a South Korean football manager and foremer player, currently managing Home United.
He played mostly for Bucheon SK. He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5947229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947229" title="Corsicana Independent School District">
Corsicana Independent School District

Corsicana Independent School District is a public school district based in Corsicana, Texas (USA).
In addition to Corsicana, the district serves the central Navarro County towns of Angus, Mustang, Oak Valley, Retreat, and Richland. A very small portion of the district extends into northern Freestone County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5947230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947230" title="List of banks in Montenegro">
List of banks in Montenegro

This is a list of Montenegrin banks.
External links.
1.Find all banks branches and ATMs in Montenegro using Maps
2.Find short information for each bank in Montenegro

</doc>
<doc id="5947232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947232" title="NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde">
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde

NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde is a NHS board in West Central Scotland, created from the amalgamation of NHS Greater Glasgow and part of NHS Argyll and Clyde on April 1, 2006. It is the largest health board in the United Kingdom, employing 38,000 staff. 
It consists of the unitary council areas of the City of Glasgow, East Dunbartonshire, East Renfrewshire, Inverclyde, Renfrewshire and West Dunbartonshire and together with the towns of Chryston, Moodiesburn, Muirhead and Stepps in North Lanarkshire and Cambuslang and Rutherglen in South Lanarkshire. It also provides some services to the East Kilbride area in South Lanarkshire. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947237" title="West Torrens Birkalla SC">
West Torrens Birkalla SC

West Torrens Birkalla is a soccer club which participates in the South Australian Super League. The club is located in Novar Gardens, South Australia, a western suburb of Adelaide. They are the oldest club in the league.
History.
The West Torrens club was founded in 1923, and the Birkalla Rovers was founded by J Taylor in 1933. In 1979 the two clubs merged to form West Torrens Birkalla (nicknamed Birks), the name they played under until the end of the 2001 season. In 2002 the club's name was changed to Adelaide Galaxy.
Birkalla has produced 4 Australian internationals and 19 State representatives.
At the beginning of the 2006 season, Galaxy reverted to its original team colours, yellow and black.
Galaxy was one of the sides in the first season of the FFSA Super League.
At the beginning for the 2012 season, Galaxy reverted to West Torrens Birkalla under coach Sergio Melta.
Notable Players.
"Australia'

</doc>
<doc id="5947238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947238" title="Paradox gun">
Paradox gun

A Paradox gun is a firearm made by Holland & Holland with the last two to three inches of the muzzle rifled and the rest smooth, intended to be used as both a rifle and shotgun. 
Paradox guns served the needs of hunters in India and Africa who might encounter both small and large game but needed to carry only a single gun. A Paradox gun allowed the use of a shot with a specific choke for small game and Paradox bullets for large game: with the bullet engaging the rifling as it swaged through the choke. This gave an advantage over a slug barrel, which could only employ cylinder bore barrels (no choke). Modern users of Paradox guns have the same advantage, especially in areas where the bird and deer hunting seasons overlap. Paradox cartridges have been loaded with either hollow-point or solid bullets of varied composition. The current Holland & Holland cartridge is loaded with the most useful of these, the 740 grain lead solid.
History.
Holland & Holland.
The word "Paradox" has been used by Holland & Holland of London since 1886 to describe large bore guns with the last few inches of the barrel rifled with a special "ratchet" style of rifling. Holland & Holland purchased the rights to the Paradox gun in 1885 from Col George Vincent Fosbery VC, who also invented the Webley-Fosbery Automatic Revolver. They chose the name "Paradox" because shotguns are defined by their smoothbore barrels, and a "rifled shotgun" was thus a paradox. Over the years Holland & Holland manufactured Paradox guns in 20, 16, 12, 10, and 8 gauge. Today they continue to manufacture Paradox guns of 12 gauge in the famous 'Royal' sidelock ejector as well as in their newer round action sidelock gun.
Other manufacturers.
Paradox-type guns were manufactured by several other firms. Other firms in Birmingham, England made them for sale under their own names and by others. For example, Westley Richards and G & S Holloway made versions. The latter made them under their own name, privately marked for and purchased for sale by high-end dealers such as P. Orr & Sons, a retailer of high-end jewellery, household items, furs, appliances and arms in Madras and Rangoon. Many had cut rifling that extended more than two inches into the muzzle(s) (3 to 4 inches in some cases).

</doc>
<doc id="5947240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947240" title="The Royal Train">
The Royal Train

The Royal Train is the third episode of the sixth series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on 14 November 1973. 
King George VI is set to pass through Walmington by train, and the platoon is to provide the guard of honour. A train duly arrives, but it is the wrong train, and its driver and fireman both fall asleep after drinking tea accidentally sweetened by Mrs Mainwaring's sleeping pills. Now the platoon must move the train to clear the line for the King's train.
Outdoor scenes featuring the train were filmed at the North Norfolk Railway, which runs between Sheringham and Holt in North Norfolk. At the time of filming, both the railway and the station were undergoing restoration, preparatory to the reinstating of passenger services.
Plot.
The episode opens with Jones smartening up Wilson on the office, getting ready to go up to the station for a special parade, at which Mainwaring will open some sealed orders. Mainwaring arrives, having been to the chemist to get some sleeping pills for Mrs Mainwaring, "a very nervous and highly strung woman, Wilson". Jones relates how the only medicines they had in the Sudan were cascara and bicarbonate of soda; good for making you run and making you belch, but little else.
Pike arrives, and insists it is his turn to carry the Tommy gun, but in the process knocks Mainwaring's sleeping tablets onto the floor and breaks the bottle. Jones says the broken shards of glass could be fatal if Mrs Mainwaring ate them, but Mainwaring seems unconcerned. They are put in a bottle labelled 'saccharine'. 
At the station, Frazer is making tea - Walker has supplied it and is charging 3d a cup. Pike asks Mainwaring if once he has read the secret orders, he is going to eat them, whereupon Jones volunteers to eat them.
Mainwaring goes into the kitchen and opens the secret orders, in the process leaving the saccharine bottle on the kitchen table. He comes out and gathers the platoon round him, then quietly reveals that King George VI will shortly be passing through the station in the Royal Train. The platoon are to guard the station, and present arms as the train steams through. Mainwaring emphasises the secrecy, then Hodges arrives, shouting "where's the King". The platoon practise presenting arms, then the station master and clerk arrive, flustered, asking if the King is here yet. The platoon practise some more, the vicar, verger and mayor arrive. 
A train whistle gets them all rushing out onto the platform, but it is a slow stopping train pulling only one coach. The driver and fireman get off, holding a defective brake wheel, and go to the office to telephone the depot. Whilst there, they make a cup of tea each, and load it with pills from the saccharine bottle.
Mainwaring checks the train politely for the King, then the Station Master reappears and complains that this train is in the way, but the crew are now asleep in the kitchen. Pike tells Mainwaring he can drive it, so whilst the Station Master is on the phone the platoon climb into the cab and set off. The men are enjoying the ride and love the train. The Station Master rushes out after they have gone, clutching the steam brake wheel.
In the engine cab, Pike announces to Mainwaring that he can't stop the train, starting a panic among the men. Frazer spots that the vicar, verger, warden and Mayor are chasing them on a hand powered truck. Mainwaring starts to make his way over the top of the train to retrieve the brake wheel that Hodges is brandishing, and although Jones goes with Mainwaring, as usual Jones is a complete liability, and Mainwaring has to save him from falling off several times. Once they reach the back of the train, Hodges throws the wheel, and Mainwaring catches it, then starts to make his way back to the cab. Whilst he and Jones are on top of the train, Pike has the bright idea of putting the engine into reverse to stop it, and they are nearly thrown off. Once the train has stopped, it of course starts to return to the station, and the others on the little hand cart have to work hard to keep ahead of the train. The Station Master changes the points to put the cart and train into a siding, and they all tumble out just as the Royal Train is heard approaching. They have to parade just where they are by the line, which happens to be in front of a water trough, so when the train goes past they all get soaked.
Location filming.
Outdoor scenes featuring the train were filmed at the North Norfolk Railway which runs between Sheringham and Holt in North Norfolk. The clip of the royal train used stock footage featuring a LNER Class A4 on a section of East Coast mainline near Burnmouth in the Scottish Borders. Cliff Cottage, which is located on the coastal road which leads to Burnmouth Harbour, may be viewed in the background.
The locomotive used for the local train was Kitson 0-6-0 saddle tank "Colwyn", formerly of Stewarts & Lloyds in Corby. The locomotive is currently (as of 2012) based at the Northampton & Lamport Railway and is under restoration by local company T&H Engineering. The station scenes were filmed at Weybourne railway station.
The platoon wrongly think that the King has arrived on a shabby-looking train, which turns out to be a local stopping train. In reality, for reasons of security, the royal family and leading politicians of the wartime era often travelled on non-descript trains to detract attention, as mentioned by the platoon.

</doc>
<doc id="5947245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947245" title="1957 Defence White Paper">
1957 Defence White Paper

The 1957 White Paper on Defence (Cmnd. 124) was a British white paper setting forth the perceived future of the British military. It had profound effects on all aspects of the defence industry but probably the most affected was the British aircraft industry. Duncan Sandys, the recently appointed Minister of Defence, produced the paper.
The decisions were influenced by two major factors: the finances of the country and the coming of the missile age. Where before combat in the air would have been between aircraft, high flying bombers carrying nuclear weapons and fast interceptor fighter aircraft trying to stop them, now the guided missile, particularly the surface-to-air missile, threatened all aircraft. The emergent space age showed that missiles could also deliver those nuclear weapons anywhere in the world.
Main aspects of paper.
Aircraft industry reorganization.
The paper stated that the aircraft industry should re-organise, with a number of smaller companies becoming a few larger ones. It was made clear that new contracts would only be given to such merged firms, including the only new aircraft project, which would become the TSR-2.
Under pressure, in 1960 English Electric, Bristol Aeroplane Company and Vickers-Armstrong merged to form the British Aircraft Corporation, or BAC. Hunting Aircraft soon joined the BAC group. In the same year, de Havilland, Blackburn Aircraft and Folland merged into Hawker Siddeley, which had already consisted of Armstrong Whitworth, Avro, Gloster and Hawker since 1935. Westland Aircraft took over all the helicopter manufacturers, including Saunders-Roe, Fairey Aviation and Bristol's helicopter work. Saunders-Roe's hovercraft work was spun off and merged with Vickers Supermarine as the British Hovercraft Corporation.
Very few companies were left independent after this wave of mergers, leaving only Handley Page as a major independent, along with the smaller companies like Auster, Boulton Paul, Miles Aircraft, Scottish Aviation and Short Brothers. Most of these disappeared by the 1970s, leaving only Scottish Aviation to merge into British Aerospace in 1977, and Shorts, which was purchased by Bombardier in 1989.
Engine companies were likewise "encouraged" to merge. In 1959 Armstrong Siddeley and Bristol's engine division merged to become Bristol Siddeley, but were shortly purchased by Rolls-Royce in 1966, leaving RR as the only major British aircraft engine manufacturer.
Reduction in manned aircraft projects.
With the development of missiles, those roles that missiles could cover meant that certain aircraft in development could be cancelled.
These included the next generation of supersonic interceptor for high flying bombers, the F.155 and the interim aircraft that would have covered it until introduction in 1963, namely the Saunders-Roe SR.53, Saunders-Roe SR.177. The Avro 730 supersonic light bomber was also cancelled, as was the Blue Rosette nuclear weapon to arm it. Oddly, the Blue Envoy surface-to-air missile was also cancelled, although it would have been more in keeping with the spirit of the paper. The English Electric P.1 (which would become the Lightning) was spared only because it was too far advanced to bother cancelling.
The Royal Auxiliary Air Force's flying role was also brought to an end.
Restructuring of the British Army.
The British Army was to be reduced in size and reorganised to reflect the ending of National Service and the change to a voluntary army, and to "keep the Army abreast of changing circumstances, policies, weapons and techniques of war". 51 major units and a large number of smaller ones were to be disbanded or amalgamated, leaving the army with a strength of 165,000 officers and men. The process was to be carried out in two phases, to be completed by the end of 1959 and 1962 respectively.
The Royal Armoured Corps was to be reduced by the amalgamation of:
The Royal Artillery was to lose 18 major and numerous small units. The Royal Horse Artillery was to be cut to three regiments.
The infantry of the line was to undergo major changes. Existing regiments were to be grouped in "brigades". Each brigade was to have a single depot with those of the individual regiments being reduced to the status of regimental headquarters. There was to be a reduction in the number of regular battalions from 64 to 49 by the merging of pairs of regiments. The brigades and regiments were to be:
The Royal Engineers would be reduced by approximately 15,000 officers and men, with divisional engineer regiments to be replaced by field squadrons. The Royal Signals was to lose 13,000 soldiers by reduction of second-line units. Some of the work of the Royal Army Service Corps was to pass to civilian contractors, allowing a loss 18,000 men. The Royal Army Ordnance Corps was to lose 11,000 soldiers, and was to be organised more efficiently with a large number of depots closed. The Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers was to lose 23,000 soldiers. Other arms and services were to be reduced in proportion.
Ending of air branch RNVR.
Since 1938 the Air Branch of the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve had been contributing reservists for air operations. From 1947 it had been curtailed to anti-submarine warfare (ASW) and fighter units only — there being a large number of propeller aircraft still in use. The increasing complexity of weapons system and the use of helicopters for ASW was thought to be beyond what reservist training could manage. With the ending of the Air branch, the Short Seamew was no longer required and production was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="5947249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947249" title="Joseph Saxton">
Joseph Saxton

Joseph Saxton (1799-1873) was an American inventor, born at Huntingdon, Pa. He went to Philadelphia in 1817 and while there invented a machine for cutting the teeth of marine chronometer wheels, and an escapement and compensating pendulum for clocks, and constructed a clock for the steeple of Independence Hall.
He went to London in 1828 and resided there nine years, enjoying the acquaintance of Faraday. On his return to Philadelphia he superintended the making of machinery for the United States Mint and afterward had charge of the construction of standard weights and measures, accurate sets of which were furnished to national and State governments. Among his ingenious contrivances may be mentioned a mirror comparator for comparing standards of length and a new form of dividing engine; a self-registering tide gauge, and an immersed hydrometer.

</doc>
<doc id="5947257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947257" title="Johnny Dexter">
Johnny Dexter

Johnny Dexter was a fictional footballer who appeared in three different comic strips in the British boys' comic "Roy of the Rovers" during the 1970s, 80s and 90s. He was a defender, playing centre-back for Danefield United and England and usually left-back for Melchester Rovers. He was amongst the most popular characters in the comic, being the only one other than Roy himself ever to appear on the cover of one of the comic's annuals, and is still fondly remembered by fans of the "golden age" of British sports-themed comics. 
The Hard Man.
Dexter made his debut in the very first issue of the weekly Roy of the Rovers comic, dated 25 September 1976, starring in the strip The Hard Man. Johnny was the titular character, so named because of his rugged style of play and fiery temper, which often got him into trouble with referees. He initially played for Danefield United, but was transferred to Spanish team Real Granpala, where he first encountered Hungarian manager Viktor Boskovic, who followed him back to Danefield when he returned there.
The strip was written by Barrie Tomlinson and usually drawn by Doug Maxted. The tone of the strip was generally light-hearted, with large doses of humour provided by the camp antics of the fat, bald-headed Boskovic, who was fond of kissing his players when they performed well, and often fainted during moments of high drama. Johnny also regularly found himself involved in off-pitch slapstick, including one memorable storyline in which he travelled to Italy to discuss signing for a top Serie A team. After rebuffing the team's owner, he ended up in prison and then was forced to try and flee the country dressed in drag.
"The Hard Man" ran for nine years, but came to an end (as part of a larger overhaul of the comic) when a rising star named Bobby Williams took Dexter's first team place during a pre-season tour of the continent. When Johnny returned for pre-season training he put in a transfer request, which Viktor accepted. Somewhat bizarrely considering his status as a former England international, the only club to make a bid for Johnny was the worst club in the Football League, Burnside Athletic, who had finished bottom of the Fourth Division in three of the previous four seasons. Johnny was granted a free transfer and appeared in the "Hard Man" strip for the last time on 10 August 1985.
Dexter's Dozen.
Upon moving to Burnside, Dexter began appearing in a new story entitled Dexter's Dozen. Barrie Tomlinson remained the writer, but Mike White took over as the artist, using a much more realistic style than the comedic art which had been seen in "The Hard Man". This was in keeping with the initial tone of the new story, which eschewed comedy in favour of a serious depiction of the struggles of the lowly club. Soon, however, the tone shifted somewhat, as Boskovic was re-introduced, taking over as Burnside's manager and once again displaying his trademark antics, including making the team wear clown costumes during the half-time interval of a match where they were performing especially poorly, and making them train atop a huge piece of apparatus resembling an assault course, going so far as to push players off the top into a vat full of water if they under-performed. The strip ran for only one season, during which Dexter was able to lead his new club to promotion, with the final episode appearing in the comic dated 16 August 1986.
Melchester Rovers.
During the summer of 1986, the Melchester Rovers team depicted in the main "Roy of the Rovers" strip had been decimated by a terrorist atrocity which had killed several players, and Dexter joined the club as one of manager Roy Race's new signings as he re-built the team (making him one of a number of players who migrated from their own strip to the main RotR strip during the comic's lifetime). Dexter was signed on a free transfer, playing a key role in the new-look Rovers team for a number of seasons (before switching to left-back and the number 3 shirt during the 1990-91 season). He continued to play for Rovers until the demise of the weekly comic in 1993 and then went on to appear for them during the subsequent short-lived "Roy of the Rovers Monthly", his temper causing rifts with both Blackie Gray and Mervyn Wallace during their spells as Rovers manager. He also memorably had an on-pitch fight with his own team-mate, Roy's son Rocky. While with the Rovers he helped them win the Littlewoods Cup in 1987, the Football League Championship in 1988 and 1992, and the FA Cup in 1990.
Career.
International career.
Johnny Dexter, one of the hardest tackling-midfielders ever appeared on English fields represented his nation on several occasions collecting 8 caps, including the legendary game against Johan Seegrun' s Netherlands in February 1978. Unfortunately he never made it to a World Cup, but it is worth to be mentioned that he had been selected in Roy Race's dream squad for the 1982 Argentina tournament.
Managerial career.
When the Roy of the Rovers strip was revived in the BBC's "Match of the Day" magazine in 1997, Dexter was depicted as the iron-willed manager of FA Premier League side Castlemere, whom he led to the FA Cup Final in 1999 where they lost out to Melchester Rovers. He is currently the manager of his beloved Danefield United.

</doc>
<doc id="5947263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947263" title="Neuenbürg">
Neuenbürg

Neuenbürg is a town in the Enz district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Enz, 10 km southwest of Pforzheim.
The town has three stops, "Neuenbürg", "Neuenbürg Süd" and "Neuenbürg Freibad", on route S6 of the Karlsruhe Stadtbahn, which operates over the "Enztalbahn" railway. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947267" title="Lichido">
Lichido

Lichido is a 36 proof lychee liqueur made with vodka, cognac, lychee and guava essences, and white peach juice. It is imported from the French city of Cognac.

</doc>
<doc id="5947273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947273" title="Bjarne Iversen">
Bjarne Iversen

Bjarne Iversen (October 2, 1912 – September 7, 1999) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a silver medal in the 4 x 10km relay at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Iversen also won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1935 FIS Nordic World Ski Championship and had his best individual finish of 6th in the 18km event at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="5947283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947283" title="Wayne Lum">
Wayne Lum

Wayne Lum (1943–2006) was a 3-D sculptor and commercial artist. Born in Toronto in 1943 to first generation Chinese-Canadian grocers, Lum studied art at the Ontario College of Art and Design. He first has worked for Global TV and CITY TV as an arts director, but his success was in commercial 3-D art.
His work at Toronto-based Feature Factory has graced many building in the Greater Toronto Area and beyond:
Unmarried, Lum died on March 6, 2006 due to complications from meningitis.

</doc>
<doc id="5947285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947285" title="Rosemarie Said Zahlan">
Rosemarie Said Zahlan

Rosemarie Said Zahlan ( ) (August 20, 1937 - May 10, 2006) was a Palestinian-US Christian historian and writer on the Persian Gulf states. She was a sister of Edward Said. In addition to her books, she also wrote for the Financial Times, the Middle East Journal, the International Journal of Middle East Studies and the Encyclopedia of Islam.
Said Zahlan was born in Cairo in 1937, as the eldest of four sisters. Her father, Wadie Said, was a wealthy Anglican Palestinian businessman and a US citizen, while her mother was born in Nazareth of Christian Lebanese and Palestinian descent. She attended the women's college, Bryn Mawr, USA, where she took a degree in musicology. In a serious car accident her hands were injured and several vertebrae broken. This made a musical career playing the piano impossible.
After Bryn Mawr, Rosemarie taught for a while in Cairo. She then went to Beirut, where she lectured on cultural history and music at the American University of Beirut and the Beirut College for Women. After Beirut she went to London to get her PhD (about the Red Sea route to India and its 18th-century history pioneer, George Baldwin), at the School of Oriental and African Studies.
Said Zahlan married Tony Zahlan, a Palestinian physicist and academic from Haifa. Together they championed the Gaza Library Project for supplying books to Palestine. Said Zahlan was also a patron of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign in Britain, and, according to The Times, her "abiding concern throughout her life was for Palestine and the suffering of the Palestinian people."

</doc>
<doc id="5947299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947299" title="Parsol">
Parsol

Parsol is the trade name of a number of UV absorbers:

</doc>
<doc id="5947312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947312" title="Lubbock Independent School District">
Lubbock Independent School District

Lubbock Independent School District was established in 1907. Accredited by the Texas Education Agency, LISD is the largest school district that serves the city of Lubbock, Texas (USA). The Lubbock Independent School District covers and contains nearly of school properties that are owned by the local taxpayers. Those properties include 61 campuses including 37 elementary schools (Grades Pre-K - 5), 4 early childhood schools, 11 middle schools (Grades 6-8), 4 high schools (Grades 9-12), 2 special purpose, and three alternative campuses.
Lubbock ISD facilities include a state of the art Advanced Technology Center for the teaching of computer operations and programming. The ATC also instructs students in Iron and Wood construction, and automobile technology.
The district also features an Aquatic Center. Schools use this Olympic indoor facility across west Texas for swimming and diving competitions. It also trains all third grade students about water safety during a class time at their school. The Aquatic Center also offers special water fitness instruction for the staff of LISD.
The mission of the Lubbock Independent School District guarantees that every student experiences maximum academic and personal success by capitalizing on the unique educational, medical, agricultural, technological, cultural, and human resources of the community. 28,905 students are enrolled at Lubbock Independent School District.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Competitive athletics.
Eight student athletes were selected to the Academic All-State Football Team by the Texas High School Coaches Association and State Farm Insurance.

</doc>
<doc id="5947317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947317" title="Live at Budokan (Ozzy Osbourne album)">
Live at Budokan (Ozzy Osbourne album)

Live at Budokan is a CD/DVD combination released by heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne on June 25, 2002. It was recorded at the Nippon Budokan Hall on February 15, 2002 in Tokyo, Japan.
Track listing.
DVD.
The DVD is largely shot in widescreen, except for the drum cam behind Mike Bordin that is pointed towards the audience, which is shot in 4:3. The picture format is standard 4:3 aspect, with letterboxing for all of the widescreen shots. The DVD also contains bonus Osbournes styled features.
Also, the DVD features the song "Suicide Solution" and Zakk Wylde's accompanying guitar solo. This was cut from the CD for time restraints.
Charts.
Album - "Billboard" (North America) 
Sales accomplishments.
Music Video Longform - RIAA certification (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="5947324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947324" title="Argentine general election, 2007">
Argentine general election, 2007

Argentina held national presidential and legislative elections on Sunday, October 28, 2007, and elections for provincial governors took place on staggered dates throughout the year. For the national elections, each of the 23 provinces and the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires are considered electoral districts. Voter turnout was 76.2%.
Background.
Elections for a successor to President Néstor Kirchner were held in October. Kirchner had declined to run for a second term.
In addition to the President, each district elected a number of members of the Lower House (the Chamber of Deputies) roughly proportional to their population, and eight districts elected members to the Argentine Senate, where each district is entitled to three senators (two for the majority, one for the largest minority party). In most provinces, the national elections were conducted in parallel with local ones, whereby a number of municipalities elect legislative officials ("concejales") and in some cases also a mayor (or the equivalent executive post). Each provincial election follows local regulations and some, such as Tucumán, hold municipal elections on other dates in the year.
According to the rules for elections in Argentina, to win the presidential election without needing a runoff round, a candidate needs either more than 45% of the valid votes, or more than 40% of the valid votes with a margin of 10 points from the runner-up. Following months of speculation, and despite high approval ratings, President Kirchner confirmed his decision to forfeit the 2007 race, and the ruling Front for Victory (FpV), a center-left Peronist Party, nominated the First Lady, Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, on July 19. Acknowledging the support of a growing number of UCR figures ("K Radicals") to the populist policies advanced by Kirchnerism, the FpV nominated Mendoza Province Governor Julio Cobos as her running mate. 
The ideologically diverse field also included former Economy Minister Roberto Lavagna (who broke with Kirchner in late 2005, obtained the endorsement of the UCR, and ran slightly to the right of the FpV), Elisa Carrió (a center-left Congresswoman close to the Catholic Church), and numerous conservatives and socialists; in all, fourteen candidates registered for the election. The UCR, for the first time since it first ran in a presidential campaign in 1892, joined a coalition (Lavagna's UNA) rather than nominate its own candidate. 
The President, who had maintained high approval ratings throughout his term on the heels of a strong recovery in the Argentine economy, was beset by controversies during 2007, including Commerce Secretary Guillermo Moreno's firing of Graciela Bevacqua (the INDEC statistician overseeing inflation data), allegations of Planning Minister Julio de Vido's involvement in a Skanska bribery case, and the "suitcase scandal." These controversies, however, did not ultimately overshadow positive consumer sentiment and a generally high presidential job approval. 
The Front for Victory, Senator Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, maintained a comfortable lead in polling during the campaign, and won the presidency without the need for a runoff round, with 45.3% of the valid votes; she won in every province or district except San Luis (won by Alberto Rodríguez Saá), Córdoba (won by Lavagna), and the City of Buenos Aires (won by Carrió). Carrió, who obtained 23%, made history as the first runner-up to another woman in a national election in the Americas.
Presidential election results.
Presidential candidates.
A total of 14 candidates were on the presidential ballot, although only 3 or 4 garnered statistically significant amounts of support in polls. The candidates were as follows:
Governors.
The elections for governors took place in ten provinces in September, which were won in six provinces by Kirchner's Front for Victory. Hermes Binner was elected governor of Santa Fe, defeating Peronist Rafael Bielsa, the former Minister of Foreign Affairs for Pres. Néstor Kirchner. Binner thus became the first Socialist governor in Argentina's history and the first non-Justicialist elected governor of that province. Center-left Fabiana Ríos (ARI) became the first woman elected governor in Argentina, winning an upset in Tierra del Fuego Province, while the moderately conservative Mauricio Macri was elected Mayor of Buenos Aires (an office similar to governor) in June 2007.
Corrientes Province and Santiago del Estero Province did not have elections for governors in 2007, as they had already taken place in 2005.
Legislative election results.
Elections were also held for 130 of the 257 members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies and for 24 of the 72 members of the Argentine Senate. Results were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5947325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947325" title="Dean Sewell">
Dean Sewell

Dean Sewell (born 13 April 1972) is a retired Jamaican football player.
Playing career.
Nicknamed 'Two Face', he played for several clubs in the United States, including Charleston Battery and Connecticut Wolves. Also, he played college soccer for New Hampshire Phantoms. In Jamaica, he played for Constant Spring.
International career.
Jamaica.
Sewell played his international football for his country of origin, Jamaica, and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He made his debut in 1993 and played his last international in 2000 against the Cayman Islands, earning over 20 caps for the Reggae Boyz.

</doc>
<doc id="5947338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947338" title="Digital Emergency Alert System">
Digital Emergency Alert System

The Digital Emergency Alert System (DEAS) was a system managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and designed to alert first-responders and civilians in the event of a national emergency. It was based upon and supplemented the Emergency Alert System (EAS) by sending out text, voice, video, and other digital messages to mobile phones, pagers, radios, and televisions.
Although the Emergency Alert System and its predecessor, the Emergency Broadcast System and an even earlier predecessor CONELRAD, have always allowed the transmission of both video and audio, there have been limitations that would be eliminated by the DEAS. For example, the DEAS allowed the ability to broadcast "bottomless" audio messages (i.e. a message with no definite ending) and streaming video. It also allowed near-instantaneous transmission without the delays that occur as EAS alerts trickle through the system.
History.
In 2004, Las Vegas' PBS member station, KLVX, was the first station in the United States to demonstrate what digital television has to offer in times of emergency.
As of 2005, the system was in the final stages of its development with an expected activation and roll-out in southern and eastern states by the end of 2006 and elsewhere by the end of 2007. In 2010, the DEAS project was terminated in favor of FEMA's IPAWS Open Platform for Emergency Networks (OPEN). IPAWS OPEN is a set of securely hosted Web services that enable the routing of standards-compliant emergency messages between disparate third-party applications, systems, networks and devices. As stated by FEMA, reasons for terminating DEAS included concerns over the stability and reliability of some of the underlying products, and the proprietary nature of many of the systems used within DEAS.
However, responding to a mandate included in the WARN act, FEMA continues to utilize a variant of the DEAS architecture for the Commercial Mobile Alerting System (CMAS), also known as the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN). In 2007 and 2008, the Federal Communications Commission proposed and adopted the network structure, operational procedures and technical requirements for the Personal Localized Alerting Network (PLAN) system. It mandates that new cell phones be manufactured with a special chip capable of receiving emergency text messages including alerts issued by the president, information about public safety threats and Amber Alerts for missing children.

</doc>
<doc id="5947341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947341" title="Baroque guitar">
Baroque guitar

The Baroque guitar (c. 1600–1750) is a string instrument with five courses of gut strings and moveable gut frets. The first (highest pitched) course was often a single string.
History.
The Baroque guitar replaced the Renaissance lute as the most common instrument found in the home. The earliest attestation of a five-stringed guitar comes from the mid-sixteenth-century Spanish book "Declaracion de Instrumentos Musicales" by Juan Bermudo, published in 1555. The first treatise published for the Baroque guitar was "Guitarra Espanola de cinco ordenes" (The Five-course Spanish Guitar), c. 1590, by Juan Carlos Amat. The baroque guitar in contemporary ensembles took on the role of a basso continuo instrument and players would be expected to improvise a chordal accompaniment with another basso continuo instrument playing the bass line. Intimately tied to the development of the Baroque guitar is the alfabeto system of notation.
Tuning.
Three different ways of tuning the guitar are well documented in seventeenth-century sources as set out in the following table. This includes the names of composers who are associated with each method. Very few sources clearly indicate that one method of stringing rather than another should be used and it may have been up to the player to decide what was appropriate. 
Performers.
Historic performers.
David Ryckaert III (Antwerp 1612–1661)
James Tyler (1940-2010)

</doc>
<doc id="5947354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947354" title="Brian Curran">
Brian Curran

Brian Phillip Curran (born November 5, 1963) is a Canadian ice hockey player, coach, and executive. He is the current Head Coach/General Manager of the Drumheller Dragons of the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
Career.
Selected by the Boston Bruins in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft, he played as a defenceman for the Bruins, New York Islanders, Toronto Maple Leafs, Buffalo Sabres, and Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Coaching career.
Following his playing career, Curran got into coaching and was the Head Coach with Jacksonville of the ECHL in 1998-99 and the Monroe Moccasins of the WPHL in 1999-2000. He was the general manager and head coach of the Quad City Mallards until he resigned on April 26, 2007. Brian was head coach of the Kalamazoo Wings hockey team in Kalamazoo, Michigan during the 2007–2008 season until he was released from service April 8, 2008. On July 9, 2008, he was hired as Head Coach/General Manager of the Brooks Bandits of the Alberta Junior Hockey League. On October 16, 2009, Curran was released as Head Coach/General Manager of the Bandits. Curran was introduced as the head coach/general manager of the Lloydminster Bobcats, of the Alberta Junior Hockey League on November 25, 2009, a position he would hold until he resigned on March 8, 2012. On February 22, 2012, Curran was named 2011-12 AJHL Coach of the Year. On March 15, 2012, Curran signed a 5-year contract to coach/manage the Drumheller Dragons of the AJHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5947356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947356" title="Minamoto no Yoshishige">
Minamoto no Yoshishige

Minamoto no Yoshishige (源 義重) (1135–1202) was the progenitor of the Nitta branch family of the Minamoto samurai clan, who fought alongside the Minamoto in the Genpei War. He is also known as Nitta Tarō and Nitta Yoshishige.
His father was Minamoto no Yoshikuni, and his grandfather Minamoto no Yoshiie.
Yoshishige was posthumously awarded the title of "Chinjufu-shogun", or Commander-in-chief of the Defense of the North, in 1611, four centuries after his death, by the second Tokugawa shogun, Tokugawa Hidetada. The Tokugawa family falsely claimed descent from the Nitta.

</doc>
<doc id="5947362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947362" title="Ortega (Jacksonville)">
Ortega (Jacksonville)

Ortega is a neighborhood of Jacksonville, Florida, US. It is located south of downtown Jacksonville on a peninsula off the western bank of the St. Johns River. It is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in Jacksonville, and is the location of many historic homes and buildings.
The peninsula containing Ortega is bounded by the St. Johns and Ortega Rivers, and is bisected by Roosevelt Boulevard (U.S. Route 17); the area to the east of Roosevelt is known as Old Ortega, while the area to the west is known as Ortega Forest. On July 14, 2004 a section of Ortega to the east of 17 and north of Verona Boulevard was designated as the Old Ortega Historic District by the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Ortega got its start in 1763, shortly after Spain ceded Florida to England. By 1780, Colonel Daniel McGirtt moved into the Jones Plantation and served with rebel troops in Georgia against the British. After some skirmishes, he later changed sides and joined the British, plundering the rebel troops and stealing Georgian cattle. Soon he formed a band of outlaws and terrorized the British, as well. The British governor, eventually had him court martialed and jailed at Castillo de San Marcos in Saint Augustine, but he eventually escaped. There is a road and park in the neighborhood still named after him to this day.
In 1902, J. Pierpont Morgan helped a local Florida senator finance what is modern day Ortega. By 1908, Ortega Company had completed a wooden bridge across the Ortega River, connecting to Avondale. A clubhouse was built and was designed by famed architect Henry Bacon of Lincoln Memorial. Bacon also built a house in the neighborhood, of which neither the original clubhouse or his house remain. The final construction boom occurred during the 1920s and Ortega has remained a neighborhood filled with wealthy businessmen and old families.
Geography.
The peninsula containing the Ortega neighborhood was originally an island until a land bridge was constructed at the southern end; this is now part of Roosevelt Boulevard, a section of U.S. Route 17. The peninsula is separated from the mainland by the St. Johns River to the east, and the smaller waterway known as the Ortega River to the north and west. Ortega is bisected by Roosevelt; the older area to the east of the road is known as "Ortega" or "Old Ortega", while the newer developments to the west comprise "Ortega Forest". Ortega is also accessible via a two-lane bascule bridge, the Ortega River Bridge, which carries Ortega Boulevard (State Road 211). The current bridge was constructed in 1927.
On July 14, 2004 a section of Old Ortega was designated the Old Ortega Historic District by the National Register of Historic Places. The district is located east of U.S. 17 and north of Verona Boulevard. Ortega Boulevard is the primary route throughout the district, which covers 4500 acres and contains 597 historic buildings.
Neighborhood.
Ortega has a few different sections with different characteristics. There is the riverfront, with multimillion dollar mansions. Ortega Point has old wood frame and Tudor homes surrounding Bettes Park. The historic district has modest wood frame homes dating back to the early 1900s. Ortega Terrace towards the southern interior of the peninsula has large, stone and brick houses with a mix of styles. There is an extensive park system and many of the local residents set up trusts to help maintain and landscape the parks.
Two schools serve Ortega: Ortega Elementary School and St. Mark's Episcopal Day School; many children also attend Stockton Elementary School in nearby Ortega Forest. Many of the neighborhood children walk or ride bikes to school and the neighborhood is characterized by a very strong family-oriented environment. Many of the neighborhood teenagers attend local or northern private schools or the International Baccalaureate at one of two "magnet" high schools nearby.
The street system is a grid pattern with themed street names. One end of the historic district has street names characterized by large Native American tribes. One section has the names of Ivy League schools. Another section has the names of all the styles of columns (i.e. Doric, Ionic, Corinthian).
The largest churches in the area are St. Mark’s Episcopal Church and United Methodist Church.
Residents are members of either the Florida Yacht Club or Timuquana Country Club. Since Ortega is bounded on all sides by water, it is common for residents to be active boaters or yachters or wealthy. Prominent New York businessman William Astor helped start the Florida Yacht Club and was an active member there (there is still a room in the present 1928 clubhouse named for him). Timuquana’s greens were designed by the country’s most prominent golf architect, Donald Ross and later upgraded and maintained by Robert Trent Jones.
Huckins Yachts are also constructed across the Ortega River from the neighborhood. Started over 80 years ago, the very first Huckins was sold to David M. Goodrich of B.F. Goodrich Rubber Company. He later purchased two more yachts. Many residents of the neighborhood own a Huckins Yacht, ranging in size from 35 feet to almost 100 feet. Huckins are also popular in yachting circles in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Newport, Rhode Island. Huckins also built many PT boats for the U.S. Navy in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5947364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947364" title="Collective (BBC)">
Collective (BBC)

Collective was an "interactive culture magazine" hosted by the BBC's website, bbc.co.uk. Collective was launched in May 2002, becoming interactive in September of the same year. Collective editors included Rowan Kerek, Jonathan Carter, Alastair Lee, James Cowdery and Matt Walton who had the original idea for the site. It used the DNA software developed for h2g2.
Each week the site's editors and contributors posted reviews of new music, films and books. The site's contributors included Billy Childish and various other freelance journalists and writers such as film journalist Leigh Singer, and film and games journalist Daniel Etherington, who contributed a weekly video games column for several years. Terry Pratchett's daughter Rhianna was also a contributor. 
Contributions were not, however, limited to professional journalists as any member could submit a review or article. The site had a strong community feel, conversations were not limited to books and music, but included current affairs and contributors' weblogs. Collective's video game coverage, for example, was more inclusive in its tone than videogames coverage in specialist media, and prompted dynamic community discussions. 
As with h2g2, the site provided each member with a userpage called "my space" where conversations and articles they had contributed to were listed. 
The site closed in early 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947365" title="Linval Dixon">
Linval Dixon

Linval Dixon (born 14 September 1971 in Old Harbour Bay, Saint Catherine, Jamaica) is a retired Jamaican football defender and currently head coach at Portmore United.
Player.
Club.
Dixon attended Clarendon College where he played on the school's team. In 1995, he signed with the Charleston Battery of the USISL. He moved to Hazard United in the fall of 1995 and played for them until 2002 when he returned to the Battery for two seasons in the USL A-League. In 2003, Dixon and his team mates won the A-League championship.
International.
He captained Jamaica and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He made his debut in 1991 and played his last international in 2004 against Venezuela, collecting over 90 caps, including 27 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Manager.
In 2005, Dixon became the manager ach of Portmore United U-23 team. In 2007, he became the head coach of the club's senior team. At the end of the 2009 season, he stepped down to become an assistant manager. He returned to his position as head manager for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5947372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947372" title="Cohort effect">
Cohort effect

The term cohort effect is used in social science to describe variations in the characteristics of an area of study (such as the incidence of a characteristic or the age at onset) over time among individuals who are defined by some shared temporal experience or common life experience, such as year of birth, or year of exposure to radiation.
Cohort effects are important to epidemiologists searching for patterns in illnesses. Certain illnesses may be socially affected via the anticipation phenomenon, and cohort effects can be an indicator of this sort of phenomenon.
Cohort effects are important to resource dependency and economics theorists when these groups affect structures of influence within their larger organizations. Cohorts in organizations are often defined by entry or birth date, and retain some common characteristic (size, cohesiveness, competition) that can affect the organization. For example, cohort effects are critical issues in school enrollment. 
In order to determine whether a cohort effect is present, a researcher may conduct a cohort study.
External links.
Economics:
Genetics and Biology:

</doc>
<doc id="5947376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947376" title="John C. Allen">
John C. Allen

John C. Allen (May 21, 1907 – August 17, 1979) was a roller coaster designer who was responsible for the revival of wooden roller coasters which began in the 1970s. He attended Drexel University. He started working for the Philadelphia Toboggan Company in 1934 as a coaster operator and rose to become president of the company by 1954. He has designed over 25 coasters and has made significant contributions to roller coaster technology. He once said, "You don't need a degree in engineering to design roller coasters, you need a degree in psychology."

</doc>
<doc id="5947379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947379" title="Riverside Historic District">
Riverside Historic District

Riverside Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947386" title="Hatshepsut problem">
Hatshepsut problem

The Hatshepsut Problem was a major issue in late 19th century and early 20th century Egyptology, centering on confusion and disagreement on the order of succession of early 18th dynasty pharaohs. The dilemma takes its name from confusion over the chronology of the rule of Queen Hatshepsut and Thutmose I, II, and III. In its day, the problem was controversial enough to cause academic feuds between leading Egyptologists and created perceptions about the early Thutmosid family that persisted well into the 20th century, the influence of which still can be found in more recent works. Chronology-wise, the Hatshepsut problem was largely cleared up in the late 20th century, as more information about her and her reign was uncovered. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947390" title="Sukanta Bhattacharya">
Sukanta Bhattacharya

Sukanta Bhattacharya () () (15 August 1926 – 13 May 1947) was a Bengali poet and playwright. Along with Rabindranath Tagore and Kazi Nazrul Islam, he was one of the key figures of modern Bengali poetry, despite the fact that most of his works had been in publication posthumously. During his life, his poems were not widely circulated, but after his death his reputation grew to the extent that he became one of the most popular Bengali poet of the 20th century. He has had a significant influence on poet Subhas Mukhopadhyay and composer Salil Chowdhury who set some of his popular poems to music. 
The poetry of Sukanta Bhattacharya is characterised by rebel socialist thoughts, patriotism and humanism. Yet, it is characterised by romanticism as well.
Life.
Sukanta Bhattacharya was born on 15 August 1926 to Nibaran Chandra Bhattacharya, owner of Saraswat Library, a publishing and book selling enterprise, and Suniti Devi. He was the second of their seven sons, Manomohan, Sushil, Prashanta, Bibhash, Ashoke and Amiya being the other six sons. Manomohan was Nibaran Bhattacharya's eldest son from his first marriage. Sukanta was closely associated with Manomohan and his wife Saraju Debi. Buddhadeb Bhattacharya, the former Chief Minister of West Bengal is his nephew—the son of his cousin. Sukanta was born at his maternal grandfather’s house at Kalighat, Calcutta (now Kolkata, West Bengal), although his family hailed from the village of Kotalipara in Faridpur of modern day Bangladesh.
Sukanta spent his childhood at their house at Nibedita Lane, Bagbazar. He was sent to Kamala Vidyamandir, a local primary school where his literary career began. His first short story was published in "Sanchay", the school’s student magazine. Later, another one of his prose writings, "Vivekanander Jibani", was published in "Sikha", edited by Bijon Bhattacharya. 
He got admitted to Beleghata Deshbandhu High School after having studied at Kamala Vidyamandir. He joined the Communist Party of India in 1944. He edited an anthology named "Akal" (Famine), which was published by the Anti-Fascist Writers' and Artists' Association, in the same year. He was a close friend of the poet Shubhas Mukhopadhyay. He appeared for the entrance examination from Beleghata Deshbandhu High School in 1945, but failed. He was the editor of the "Kishore Sabha" (youth section) of the Bengali daily organ of the party, "Dainik Swadhinata", since its inception in 1946. He died of tuberculosis at the Jadavpur T. B. Hospital (later, K. S. Roy T. B. Hospital) in Calcutta at a very young age of 21. A comprehensive account of the poet's life can be found in Kabi Sukanta Bhattacharya O Sei Samay written by the poet's youngest brother, Amiya Bhattacharyya.
Works.
Prodigious Sukanta's poetry was published in magazines while he was alive, and except for "Chharpatra" his books were all published posthumously: 
His works are deeply marked and influenced by his communist experience. One of his shorter poems name "Hey Mahajibon" (হে মহাজীবন) from the book "Chharpatra" (ছাড়পত্র) compares the moon with a burnt roti, a prosaicness born of hunger:

</doc>
<doc id="5947394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947394" title="Deseret Power Railroad">
Deseret Power Railroad

The Deseret Power Railroad (), formerly known as the "Deseret-Western Railway", is a private railroad operating in northeastern Utah and northwestern Colorado.
It is owned by the Deseret Generation & Transmission Co-operative, and exists to transport coal from the co-operative's Deserado Coal Mine (northeast of Rangely, Colorado; south of Dinosaur, Colorado) to their Bonanza Power Plant (northwest of Bonanza, Utah). The length of the railway is about 35 miles.
The railroad is electrified, using an overhead catenary system energized at 50 kV 60 Hz AC to supply power to its locomotives. Motive power includes 7 General Electric E60-2 locomotives, two of which were built for the Deseret, and five which were acquired secondhand from the Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México (FNM). The five FNM units were converted from their original 25 kV power supply to take the Deseret's 50 kV.
The Deseret Power Railroad does not interchange with any other railroad and is completely isolated from the national rail network. It was built in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5947396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947396" title="John Berger (cross-country skier)">
John Berger (cross-country skier)

John Berger (July 31, 1909, Överluleå – January 12, 2002) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10km relay at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.

</doc>
<doc id="5947398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947398" title="Miss Afghanistan">
Miss Afghanistan

Miss Afghanistan is a beauty pageant in Afghanistan. It was first held in 1972.
Some winners of the title have been:

</doc>
<doc id="5947406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947406" title="José Luís Vidigal">
José Luís Vidigal

José Luís da Cruz Vidigal (born 15 March 1973) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. 
During his extensive professional career, the no-nonsense midfield battler played more years abroad (Italy, eight) than in his country of adoption (seven), where he represented mainly Sporting.
A Portuguese international for two years, Vidigal appeared with the national team at Euro 2000, helping it to the third place.
Club career.
Early years / Sporting.
Born in Sá da Bandeira, Portuguese Angola, Vidigal moved to Portugal at an early age, and started his footballing career with amateurs O Elvas CAD, moving in 1994 to the second division with G.D. Estoril-Praia.
The following year Vidigal signed with another team from the Lisbon area, top level powerhouse Sporting Clube de Portugal; after tentative beginnings he became an essential defensive unit, contributing with a career-best – in Portugal – 32 games as the "Lions" won they first title in 18 years.
Italy spell.
At 27, Vidigal moved to Italy, where he would remain the following eight years: he started out with S.S.C. Napoli, having signed along Sporting teammates Facundo Quiroga and Abdelilah Saber, but only played in four Serie A matches in his first year and the club was also relegated (his best individual year – 33 appearances, five goals – was incidentally spent in the second division, but the Campania outfit faced another relegation, eventually ending 16th).
In 2003–04 Napoli finished higher, but was finally relegated off the pitch. Upon this Vidigal moved to fellow top-divisioner A.S. Livorno Calcio, starting throughout most of the season and helping the club to a comfortable 9th position.
In his final three years Vidigal was irregularly used, often from the bench, representing Udinese Calcio (one year) and returning to Livorno where he played until 2008.
Return to Portugal.
Vidigal returned to his country aged 35, joining modest C.F. Estrela da Amadora where his older brother Lito was coach. In his first game, on 28 September 2008, he scored twice to help beat C.D. Nacional 2–1; however, he missed most of the season due to injury as the capital-based club was also immerse in a severe financial crisis – eventually being relegated from the top flight to the third level; he retired from the game shortly after.
International career.
Vidigal gained 15 caps for Portugal, his first one being on 23 February 2000 in a 1–1 draw with Belgium at Charleroi, in a friendly match.
Summoned to UEFA Euro 2000, he had to battle for position with Paulo Bento and Costinha (Paulo Sousa was also called, but was injured), but managed to appear in four games for the national team, including the semifinal loss against France.
Vidigal's last match came on 12 October 2002 in the 1–1 draw with Tunisia played in Lisbon, in another friendly. He also represented the nation at the 1996 Summer Olympics, playing all the games "en route" to the fourth place.
Personal life.
Vidigal is the second of twelve children, four of his brothers also being footballers: Beto, Lito (whom represented Angola internationally), Toni and Jorge.

</doc>
<doc id="5947413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947413" title="Traxion (video game)">
Traxion (video game)

Traxion was a rhythm game for the PlayStation Portable by British developer Kuju Entertainment. It was scheduled to be released in Q4 2006 by LucasArts, but was cancelled in January 2007. The game was to feature a number of minigames, and would support imported songs from the player's own library as well as the game's bundled collection. The game was received well at E3 2006, with Wired calling it "the best thing they had on the show floor".
Gameplay.
The game combined music and puzzles by allowing players to user their own MP3s, stored on a memory stick, as the basis for more than 20 puzzles. From your music collection, the game created 24 minigames around the audio. The style and pace of each game would vary depending on the rhythm of the song and the genre of the song. The background and objects in the game were changed by the game engine to match the songs. The game would have also come with a couple of tracks.
One of the minigames developed before cancellation was one where the player had to hit notes in time with the music. In another, a cooking minigame, food flies at a chef in time to the music, and the player must control the chef to prepare the food, also in time with the music.
The game picked up the award for Technical Excellence from major consumer website IGN at E3 2006.
Cancellation.
On 4 January 2007, LucasArts announced the cancellation of Traxion. "Kuju and LucasArts have mutually agreed to sever their relationship with respect to the development of the Traxion product," a representative said. The same representative refused to comment on why it was canceled.
Possible republication.
On 9 May 2007 Kuju Entertainment head Ed Daly said that they were still considering finishing the project, mentioning that they could market the game as an iPod game.

</doc>
<doc id="5947415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947415" title="Chris Dawes (Jamaican footballer)">
Chris Dawes (Jamaican footballer)

Christopher Dawes (born 31 May 1974 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a retired Jamaican footballer.
Club career.
Nicknamed 'Simba', Dawes has played as a defender or midfielder for several clubs, including Galaxy F.C. in Jamaica and Colorado Rapids in the United States. He was known to be very disciplined, a good passer of the ball and a tight man-marker. The last team he played for before retiring was Portmore United.
International career.
He also played for the Jamaica national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He played his last international in 2001 against Costa Rica and earned over 60 caps for the Reggae Boyz.
Coaching career.
He is currently manager of Jamaican Premier League side Sporting Central Academy but is currently on an educational sabbatical working on his coaching badges in the United States and England. In 2010, Dawes returned to coaching Sporting Central Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947421" title="Central Bank of Montenegro">
Central Bank of Montenegro

The Central Bank of Montenegro (Montenegrin: "Centralna Banka Crne Gore") is the central bank of Montenegro. The mission of the central bank is to establish and maintain a sound banking system and monetary policy.
Overview.
The Central Bank of Montenegro was established on the basis of the "Law on Central Bank of Montenegro", passed by the Parliament of the Republic of Montenegro in November 2000. With its establishment, the Republic of Montenegro obtained an independent authority responsible for monetary policy, and establishment and maintenance of sound banking system and efficient payment system operations.
The Central Bank started to operate on March 15, 2001, when the Montenegrin Parliament adopted the "Decision on Appointment of Members of Council of the Central Bank of Montenegro".
Montenegrin monetary system was dollarized in 1999, when German Mark was adopted as a legal tender, alongside Yugoslav Dinar. Montenegro has not issued its own currency since, as it has unilaterally adopted the Euro in 2002. Central Bank of Montenegro does not participate in the European System of Central Banks or in ECB meetings. However, it tracks the ECB policy, making the later the "de facto" central bank of Montenegro for economic and monetary purposes. One of the main proclaimed goals of Central Bank of Montenegro is the accession of the country to the Eurozone. 
Montenegro does not mint issue or print euro coins or notes and imports them from other countries that are part of the Eurozone.
The current Governor of the Central bank of Montenegro is Milojica Dakić, as of January 26, 2013. He was preceded by Radoje Žugić and Ljubiša Krgović. The position of the Governor was created after Montenegro achieved independence in 2006.
The mission.
The CBM is not an issuing bank, and it has the following powers and responsibilities in the performance of its functions determined by law:

</doc>
<doc id="5947423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947423" title="Chelsea Bridge Road">
Chelsea Bridge Road

Chelsea Bridge Road is the modern eastern boundary of Chelsea, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London, England. To the northeast is the district of Pimlico in the City of Westminster.
The road runs between Chelsea Bridge on the Chelsea Embankment, which the River Thames to the southeast and a junction with Royal Hospital Road, Lower Sloane Street and Pimlico Road to the northwest. The closest tube station is Sloane Square to the north along Lower Sloane Street. The road is part of the A3216 route.
Immediately to the southwest are Ranelagh Gardens.
Beyond that are the grounds of the Royal Hospital Chelsea. Also close by is the National Army Museum, next to the Royal Hospital Chelsea on Royal Hospital Road. The Lister Hospital is on Chelsea Bridge Road. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947424" title="Southmoor">
Southmoor

Southmoor is a village in the civil parish of Kingston Bagpuize with Southmoor, about west of Abingdon, Oxfordshire. Traditionally part of Berkshire, the 1974 boundary changes transferred local government to Oxfordshire. 
Southmoor village is just south of the A420 between Oxford and Swindon.
History.
Southmoor was historically the southern part of the township of Draycot Moor (also spelt Draycott Moor), a manor of the ancient parish of Longworth. At the time of the Domesday Book the manor was held by Abingdon Abbey. In 1574 the manor passed to St John's College, Oxford, who still own it today.
John Blandy the Elder left money in his will of 1736 to found the Blandy educational charities. John Blandy the Younger left money to augment the charities in his will of 1791. In 1874 a scheme was established under the Endowed Schools Act 1869 for the Blandy charities to provide an elementary school, scholarships, a public lending library and extra playground facilities. The school is now a primary school, John Blandy Voluntary Controlled School.
A Wesleyan chapel was built in Southmoor in 1841. It is now a Methodist Church in the Wantage and Abingdon Methodist Circuit.
Draycot Moor became a separate civil parish in 1866. On 1 April 1971 the two parishes of Kingston Bagpuize and Draycot Moor merged into one civil parish forming Kingston Bagpuize with Southmoor.
Amenities.
Southmoor has a public house, the Waggon and Horses. There is a restaurant and Hotel at Fallowfields. There is a village hall. Southmoor's retailers are One Stop, The Log Cabin Newsagents (which once was a log cabin on the other side of the road which is now Blenheim Way), Aquarius hairdressers and Crossroads garage. John Blandy VC Primary School teaches children from the ages of five to 12 and has about 180 pupils. It has also a nursery class.There is a thriving tennis club; cricket club; drama group; village newspaper and many other activities and events
Transport.
The village is served by Stagecoach and RH Buses services. There are services up to every 30 minutes to Oxford or Swindon on route 66 running Mondays to Saturdays and hourly services on Sundays. There are services to the towns Abingdon and Witney on the X15 service running Monday to Saturday.

</doc>
<doc id="5947426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947426" title="Podunk, New York">
Podunk, New York

Podunk is a hamlet located along Taughannock Creek in the town of Ulysses, just south of Trumansburg, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5947432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947432" title="Arthur Häggblad">
Arthur Häggblad

Arthur Häggblad (14 August 1908 in Nordmaling, Sweden - 16 June 1989 in Stockholm, Sweden) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Häggblad's best individual finishes were 4th in both the 18 km and 50 km events at the 1934 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He would also win a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="5947441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947441" title="Village deities of Tamils of Sri Lanka">
Village deities of Tamils of Sri Lanka

Village deities are a common feature of the Hindu pantheon of deities. They are known as Gramadevatas. Each Hindu region and caste of India and South Asia has its share of village deities. Sri Lankan Tamils venerate their own group of village deities throughout Sri Lanka, specifically in the Tamil-dominated north and east of the island nation.
List of deities.
"Annamar" is a deity of the Nalavar and Pallar caste. "Mutalikal" is possibly a caste deity, used by Karaiyar. "Periyatampiran" or "the great master", is a caste god of the washermen. Ayyanar, sometimes equated with Sasta is a popular deity in almost all villages. "Virumar" is a caste god of the smiths. "Kattavarayan" is a heroic saviour god. "Naccimar" is a women's goddess often conflated with Mariamman or Ampal, the mother Goddess. "Sapta Kanniyar" take the form of seven virgins. Naka tampiran or "the snake master" is also common deity in most villages. Vairavar is another popular village deity. Kali and Kannaki Amman are popular female deities.
Sanskritisation.
The identities of some of above the lesser known deities are getting lost and most of them are now identified as Vairavar and Kali. Both are worshipped in the form of "Trisulam" ( tridents). Further the Saiva revivalism initiated by Arumuga Navalar has enabled many high status Tamils to subsume the village deities within the Agamic pantheon. Within the Jaffna Peninsula, a number of temples dedicated to Kannaki Amman has been converted to regular Mariamman temples.

</doc>
<doc id="5947445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947445" title="Habeit Ya Leil">
Habeit Ya Leil

Habeit Ya Leil is the 4th album of Nawal Al Zoghbi. It included three hit singles. It was a follow up to the duo she performed live and recorded in 1996 with Lebanese Artist Wael Kfouri, "Meen Habibi Ana".
Surprisingly, after releasing two albums with Music Box International, Nawal chose Relax-In, the production label which produced her debut album Wehyati Andak, for this album. Afterwards, Nawal terminated the contract within the release of her next album.
Music videos.
"Habeit Ya Leil" had almost 5 Nawal duplicates, each singing several bits of the song. In some scenes they appear together, but in others they're by themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="5947456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947456" title="Paton">
Paton

Paton is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5947464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947464" title="RDAC">
RDAC

RDAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947467" title="Mobi Oparaku">
Mobi Oparaku

Mobi Patrick Oparaku (born 1 December 1976 in Owerri, Imo State) is a former Nigerian football player who last played for Enyimba International F.C..
Career.
He played for several clubs in Belgium. In 2000, Oparaku spent one season with the El Paso Patriots in the USL A-League. In 2001, he played for the Connecticut Wolves. In December 2005 turn back to Nigeria with teammate Rashidi Yekini to Gateway F.C.
International career.
Oparaku played 6 matches at 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship. For Nigeria national football team, he was a participant at the 1996 Olympic Games, where Nigeria won the gold medal and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5947469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947469" title="Martin Matsbo">
Martin Matsbo

Martin Matsbo (October 4, 1911, Hedemora, Dalarna – September 6, 2002) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. He also finished 4th in the 18 km event at those same games.
Matsbo has earned two 4 x 10 km relay bronze medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships (1935, 1938). His best individual finish at the Nordic skiing World Championships was a 4th in the 18 km in 1938.
Matsbo also won the 18 km event at the 1937 Holmenkollen ski festival.
In 1946 Matsbo co-founded the ski wax company Swix.

</doc>
<doc id="5947485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947485" title="Sugathakumari">
Sugathakumari

Sugathakumari (born January 3, 1934) is an Indian poet and activist, who has been at the forefront of environmental and feminist movements in Kerala, South India. She is an established writer in Malayalam with a unique voice of her own emotional empathy, humanist sensitivity and moral alertness. Most of her poetic works had a special place for Mother Nature and some of them dwelved on human relationships and emotional traverse of the mind. She played a big role in the Save Silent Valley protest. She is the founder secretary of the Prakrithi Samrakshana Samithi, an organisation for the protection of nature and of "Abhaya", a home for destitute women and a day-care centre for the mentally ill. She was the former chairperson of the Kerala State Women's Commission.
Sugathakumari has won numerous awards and recognitions including Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award (1968), Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award (1978), Odakkuzhal Award (1982), Vayalar Award (1984), Indira Priyadarshini Vriksha Mitra Award (1986), Asan Prize (1991), Vallathol Award (2003), Kerala Sahithya Akademi Fellowship (2004), Ezhuthachan Puraskaram (2009) and Saraswati Samman (2012). In 2006, she was honoured with Padma Shri, the country's fourth highest civilian honour.
Early and personal life.
Sugathakumari was born at Aranmula in January 1934 in the Vazahapallil Tharavadu. Her father, Bodheswaran was a famous Gandhian thinker and writer, involved in the country's freedom struggle. Prof. V. K. Karthiyayini Amma, her mother, was a well known scholar and teacher of Sanskrit. After completing her graduation from the University College, Thiruvananthapuram, she took a Master's Degree in Philosophy in 1955, and did research for three years on 'Comparative Study of the Concept of Moksha in Indian Schools of Philosophy', but did not complete the thesis.
Sugathakumari's husband Dr. K. Velayudhan Nair (1979–2003) was an educationist and writer. An expert in educational psychology, Nair has to his credit several works, including a widely acclaimed study on Sri Aurobindo's philosophy. They have a daughter, Lakshmi. Sugathakumari's elder sister Hridayakumari is a literary critic, orator and educationist. Hridayakumari won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for the year 1991 for her book "Kalpanikatha", a study on romanticism in Malayalam literature.
Literary career.
Sugathakumari's very first poem which she published under a pseudonym in a weekly journal in 1957 attracted wide attention. In 1968, Sugathakumari won the Kerala Sahithya Akademi for her work "Pathirappookal" ("Flowers of Midnight"). "Raathrimazha" ("Night Rain") won the Kendra Sahitya Academy Award in the year 1978. Her other collections include "Paavam Manavahridayam, Muthuchippi, Irulchirakukal" and "Swapnabhoomi". Sugathakumari's earlier poetry mostly dealt with the tragic quest for love and is considered more lyrical compared to her later works in which the quiet, lyrical sensibility is replaced by increasingly feminist responses to social disorder and injustice. Environmental issues and other contemporary problems are also sharply portrayed in her poetry.
Sugathakumari is perhaps the most sensitive and most philosophical of contemporary Malayalam poets. She is regarded as having given a fresh lease on life to Romantic lyricism in Malayalam poetry. Her poetry makes an odyssey into the very essence of womanhood. She journeys into the psychological subtleties of man-woman relationship. Sugatha Kumari shows a conscious quest for women's identity and integration in her writings. She follows the traditional writing style and has not leaned much towards the modernism in Malayalam poetry. Her poetry has always drawn upon her sadness and unhappiness. "I have been inspired to write mostly through my emotional upheavals; few of my poems can be called joyous. But these days I feel I'm slowly walking away from it all, to a world that is futile or meaningless," says Sugathakumari. Sugathakumari's most famous works include "Raathrimazha", "Ambalamani" and "Manalezhuthu". Sugathakumari has also made contribution to the field of children's literature. In 2008, she received an Award for Lifetime Contribution to Children's Literature, instituted by the State Institute of Children's Literature. She also has several translated works to her credit.
She has won numerous other awards for her literary works, including the prestigious Vayalar Award and Ezhuthachan Puraskaram, the highest literary honour by Government of Kerala. In 2004, she was given the Kerala Sahithya Akademi Fellowship. She won the prestigious Saraswati Samman in 2012, being only the third Malayalam writer to do so. She was the principal of Kerala State Jawahar Balabhavan, Thiruvananthapuram. She is the founder chief editor of "Thaliru", a children's magazine published by Kerala State Institute of Children's Literature.
Social activity.
Kumari was inspired by her father's poetry as well as his strong beliefs: 'He was a freedom fighter filled with the all too rare ideals of patriotism and sacrifice.' His example influenced her deeply and led her eventually to the conviction that the writer has an important obligation as a social conscience.
A committed conservationist, Sugathakumari served as the secretary of the Society for Conservation of Nature, Thiruvananthapuram. In the late seventies she led a successful nationwide movement, known as Save Silent Valley, to save some of the oldest natural forests in the country, the Silent Valley in Kerala, from submersion as a result of a planned hydroelectric project. Her poem "Marathinu Stuthi" (Ode to a Tree) became a symbol for the protest from the intellectual community and was the opening song of most of the Save Silent Valley campaign meetings. She was the founder secretary of the Prakrithi Samrakshana Samithi, an organisation for the protection of nature. She was also actively involved with various women's movements of the seventies and served as the chairperson of the Kerala State Women's Commission.
Although she is best known as a poet environmentalist, Kumari is also the founder of Abhaya (refuge) -- an organization which gives shelter and hope to female mental patients. Her work to launch Abhaya was prompted by an off-chance visit to the government-run Mental Hospital in the capital, Thiruvananthapuram. There women were housed in 19th century conditions, sexually abused and regularly prostituted to men in the neighboring police camp. When she visited the hospital she saw 'women's bodies covered with sores and stark naked. They were emaciated and their hair was matted. They didn't even look like human beings.' The horror of this experience was embedded in her mind and she decided on the spot to do something about it, despite opposition to interventions from ngos by professionals in the field.
Sugatha Kumari has received the Bhattia Award for Social Science, the Sacred Soul International Award, the Lakshmi Award for social service and the first Indira Priyadarshini Vriksha Mitra Award from the Government of India for her efforts in environmental conservation and afforestation.

</doc>
<doc id="5947489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947489" title="Neil Sheehy">
Neil Sheehy

Neil Kane Sheehy (born February 9, 1960 in Fort Frances, Ontario) is a retired American ice hockey player with dual citizenship. He grew up in International Falls, Minnesota.
A defenceman and Harvard University graduate, Sheehy signed as a free agent in 1983 by the Calgary Flames. His tough defensive play would help guide the Flames to their first finals appearance in 1986. He has also played for the Hartford Whalers and Washington Capitals. He is one of two NHL members who wore the number 0, the other was Paul Bibeault. He now is a successful NHL sports agent.
His brother is former NHL and USA Olympic team member Timothy Sheehy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947490" title="Naomasa Yamasaki">
Naomasa Yamasaki

He was a professor at Tokyo Imperial University from 1911 to 1929, where he created the department of geography and founded "The Association of Japanese Geographers". The latter is the primary academic geographic society in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5947497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947497" title="Ferdinando Fairfax">
Ferdinando Fairfax

Ferdinando Fairfax (born in 1766 at Shannon Hill, Jefferson County, Virginia (now West Virginia); died on 24 September 1820 at Mount Eagle, Fairfax County, Virginia) was a Virginia landowner and member of the prominent Fairfax family.
Life.
He was the son of Bryan Fairfax and Elizabeth Cary, sister of Sally Fairfax. George Washington and Martha Washington who traveled to Towlston Grange after his birth to stand as his godparents. Ferdinando was also the heir to George William Fairfax.
He was a justice of the peace for Jefferson County, Virginia and was, at the same time, the largest slave owner in the County.
From the 1770s to 1780s, several people developed plans as possible ways of abolishing slavery. Fairfax offered his "practicable scheme" for resolving this enduring dilemma when he developed his “Plan for Liberating the Negroes within the United States” in 1790. All of these plans were similar in that they wanted the abolition of slaves to be gradual, they wanted the government to compensate the slave owners for the lost property, and they wanted to colonize the freed slaves in a separate place from the white society.
He later squandered his inheritance on visionary schemes and squatters lawsuits.
Ferdinando married his first cousin Elizabeth Blair Cary, daughter of Wilson Miles Cary and Sarah Blair. The couple had children: George William Fairfax (born November 5, 1797), who married Isabella McNeil; Wilson Miles Cary Fairfax, who married Lucy Griffeth; Farinda Fairfax, who married Perrin Washington; Mary Fairfax who married Rev. Samuel Hagins, Sally Fairfax; Ferdinando Fairfax II, who married Mary Jett; Christiana Fairfax, who married Thomas Ragland; William Henry Fairfax; Thomas Fairfax; Archibald Blair Fairfax.
Donald McNeill Fairfax was his grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="5947514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947514" title="The Common Law">
The Common Law

The Common Law is a book that was written by Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. in 1881. Holmes later (1902) became an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States.
The book is about common law in the United States, including torts, property, contracts, and crime. It is written as a series of lectures. It has gone out of copyright and is available in full on the web at Project Gutenberg. A newly typeset edition is available in the section external links below, and the original is available at the Internet Archive.
One of the most famous aphorisms to be drawn from this book occurs on the first page: "The life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience," a subtle qualification of the famous seventeenth-century English jurist Sir Edward Coke's dictum that "Reason is the life of the law."

</doc>
<doc id="5947523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947523" title="The Gunnery">
The Gunnery

The Gunnery is a coeducational boarding and day prep school for 285 students in grades nine through twelve. The campus borders the village green of Washington, Connecticut, U.S., a small, historic town in the Litchfield Hills. The Gunnery has no religious or military affiliations.
The Gunnery was founded in 1850 by Frederick W. Gunn, a teacher, abolitionist, and father of recreational camping in America. It was originally 30 boys on 50 acres. In 1894 The Ridge School was founded as an affiliated junior school for younger boys. The basic mission of The Gunnery is to promote the four cornerstones on which character is built: scholarship, integrity, respect and responsibility. 
There are ten dormitories on campus that house from 12 to 48 students each. In most cases, students are grouped by class. Each dormitory consists primarily of single and double student rooms, but also houses faculty members and their families. 85 percent of the faculty lives on campus. 
The Gunnery’s academic curriculum emphasizes the liberal arts; Advanced Placement courses and many electives are offered in all disciplines. Classes average 14 students in size and are taught as seminars.

</doc>
<doc id="5947534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947534" title="The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 2 (I Am What I Am)">
The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 2 (I Am What I Am)

The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 2 (I Am What I Am) is the tenth studio album by rapper B.G., released on March 21, 2006 on Koch Records. The first single from the album, Move Around, features former Cash Money Records artist/producer Mannie Fresh. Paul Wall, Webbie, and the Chopper City Boyz appear on this album. The album debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 with over 62,000 copies sold in the first week released. This is B.G.'s highest to the chart.
Album information.
As one of the initial artists on New Orleans's Cash Money label, and a member of the Hot Boys (which also featured fellow future superstars Juvenile and Lil Wayne), B.G. is something of a Dirty South lynchpin. A string of solo releases on Cash Money and other labels has helped maintain his profile, and "The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 2", follows up its companion, "Vol. 1", in typical B.G. style. B.G. raps on the usual topics here with his laid-back, laconic flow. At 18 tracks the album is a bit too sprawling, but guest stars Mannie Fresh, Webbie, and Paul Wall keep things interesting with their dynamic cameos. There is plenty of similar production, as well as swagger, menace, and brio Southern rap fans are accustomed to. While "Vol. 2" isn't necessarily considered a leap forward for B.G., it holds his established name in good standing. The song "Kill or be Killed" is considered by many to be a street classic.

</doc>
<doc id="5947541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947541" title="Neuenstein">
Neuenstein

Neuenstein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947544" title="Modiran Vehicle Manufacturing Company">
Modiran Vehicle Manufacturing Company

Modiran Vehicle Manufacturing Company (MVM) is an Iranian automobile firm, that currently makes a version of the Chery QQ3 called the MVM 110.
History.
MVM is a subsidiary of Kerman Khodro, an Iranian assembler of Volkswagens, that also used to assemble a version of the Daewoo Matiz for the local market. The Matiz had been assembled by Kerman Khodro since the year 2000 in a joint venture with the South Korean Daewoo Company. However the crisis at Daewoo Motor in South Korea resulted in a take-over by the American General Motors corporation which then stopped supplying CKD kits to the Iranian company due to U.S. sanctions against the government of Iran for claims about the Iranian state sponsoring terrorism and Iranian violations of United Nations protocols for nuclear inspections. Due to this, Kerman Khodro licensed the Chery QQ as the car was of a similar style to the GM car. However as Kerman Khodro had replaced the GM Daewoo lines with that of Volkswagen, they put it into production at their subsidiary MVM as the 110.

</doc>
<doc id="5947554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947554" title="Stourbridge R.F.C.">
Stourbridge R.F.C.

Stourbridge RFC are a Rugby Union side based in Stourbridge, West Midlands and are members of National League 2 North, the fourth tier of English rugby having been relegated from National League 1.
They play their home games at Stourton Park, which was redeveloped in 2003 to provide a larger clubhouse and social area which can also be used for weddings and other functions. The ground is in the hamlet of Stourton set amongst the Staffordshire countryside on the very outskirts of the town of Stourbridge.
History.
Stourbridge R.F.C. was founded in 1876 as a branch of the Stourbridge Cricket Club and shared the Cricket ground in Amblecote. As Association football flourished, the rugby section was ousted and from 1883 rugby football soldiered on in a variety of locations throughout the town, with the highlight being a mini golden era in the two seasons 1887-9 when only 4 games were lost out of a total of 37. Despite this success on the field of play, interest in the game seems to have waned and after 2 lacklustre seasons the club was forced to disband in 1893. There was a brief but inadequately supported revival 1907-8.
The club was revived again in 1921, and yet again, it proved difficult to find a satisfactory location. Two remote spots in Clent and Pedmore were briefly utilised before they settled in an old soccer ground at Vicarage Road, Wollaston, rented from the Church. This remained their home for 43 years. Throughout this period, they benefited from a close connection with the local King Edward’s Grammar School, which had introduced rugby into the curriculum 9 years earlier. Until the breakup of the system, it was the Grammar School that produced the core of players, administrators and supporters that accounted for the prosperity of the club.
There was a memorable 1933-4 season when only 2 games were lost and apart from the inevitable break during the Second World War, the club has flourished ever since. So much so that only in four out of the 56 post war seasons until entry to National 2 in 2001 did the club end up with a losing record. The most distinguished products of school and club were Bob Lloyd-Jones (Moseley), Huw Davies (Coventry and Wasps) and Peter Shillingford (Moseley).
In 1965-6, the club moved to its present freehold site at Stourton; , expanded later to and now possesses 4 senior pitches and 2 mini pitches, 2 sets of floodlights. In 1996-7, it completed an impressive 450 seater grandstand. The clubhouse, a two-storey structure, has been extended and regularly refurbished so that it contains a gymnasium, a major clubroom, two members’ rooms and a viewing balcony. The tradition of regular improvement and repair probably reached its peak in 2002 with a £300,000 addition of twin towers to the clubhouse, improving and extending changing, administration and social facilities. A new set of floodlights were installed in 2007.
When the League system was introduced in 1987, Stourbridge were put in the National Leagues. Area League North in those days consisted of eleven teams and only involved 10 fixtures a season. Stourbridge remained in that league for 15 years, the only club to do so, and then, at long last, were promoted to National 2 in 2001. They had flirted with promotion (but never with relegation) throughout that period, but their most spectacular achievements were in successive years 1998-2000, when they ended up in a frustrating second place, playing attractive attacking rugby and smashing the league record for the number of tries a season, averaging well over 5 tries a game. Following that infamous law that dominates such situations, play–offs were introduced the following year. During their promotion season, Stourbridge maintained an unbeaten home record for the only time in its history.
Life in National 2 is so precarious that only 4 of the present 14 clubs have been in the league for more than 3 seasons. Amongst all the N.C.A. clubs, Stourbridge are unique in that they have only had one change (fortunately, a promotion) in the 20 seasons of league history, While in National 2 they have faced the threat of relegation, being 11th twice but the last two seasons at 7th and 8th have achieved respectable mid table positions. Neil Mitchell who had started and ended his playing career at Stourton Park, bordering a long spell at Moseley became Director of Rugby in 2004 and has attracted young player coaches, Marcus Cook for the backs and Jim Jenner for the pack. Both have distinguished playing records and are inspiring on and off the field.
Stourbridge RFC also have a senior Ladies team who are affiliated to the RFUW and compete in National Challenge League - Midlands 2 South. In their first season of league rugby (2008–09) they finished a creditable third in the league. The ladies captain for 2009-10 is scrum half Helen Simonds who is supported by a team of three qualified coaches and the retained services of a team physio. Ladies training is on Monday and Wednesday nights with matches on Sunday afternoons. 
There is also a Minis and Juniors section for children aged 6–18.
In June 2010, Stourbidge signed former South African international Thinus Delport Thinus Delport as a player coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5947555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947555" title="Eye liner">
Eye liner

Eyeliner is a cosmetic used to define the eyes. It is applied around the contours of the eye(s) to create a variety of aesthetic effects. The makeup is usually used by women and girls.
History.
Eyeliner was first used in Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia as a dark black line around the eyes. As early as 10,000 BC, Egyptians wore various cosmetics not only for aesthetics but to protect the skin from the desert sun. Research has also speculated that eyeliner was worn to protect the wearer from the evil eye. The characteristic of having heavily lined eyes has been frequently depicted in ancient Egyptian art. They produced eyeliner with a variety of materials, including copper ore and antimony. Egyptian kohl used galena, which was imported from nearby regions in the Land of Punt, Coptos and Western Asia.
In the 1920s, Tutankhamun's tomb was discovered, introducing the use of eyeliner to the Western world. The 1920s were an era commonly associated with many changes in women's fashion, and women felt freer to apply makeup more liberally. 
In the 1960s, liquid eyeliner was used to create thick black and white lines around the eyes in the makeup fashion associated with designers like Mary Quant.
Modern usage.
In the late twentieth and early twenty-first century, heavy eyeliner use has been associated with Gothic fashion and Punk fashion. Eyeliner of varying degrees of thickness, particularly "guyliner" on males such as Pete Wentz, and it has also become associated with the emo subculture and various alternative lifestyles. Guyliner is more and more used by normal men to make there eyes more attractive before a party or for an important meeting. There is still a taboo on it but slowly the global opinion is changing about wearing cosmetics for men. Research shows that 10% off the English males use make up before going to a party. 
Eyeliner is commonly used as a daily make up routine to define the eye or create the look of a wider or smaller eye. Eyeliner can be used as a tool to create various looks as well as highlighting different features of the eyes. Whether it be with a winged eyeliner or tight lined at the waterline, eyeliner can be placed in various parts of the eye to create different looks. Eyeliner can be drawn above upper lashes or below lower lashes or both, even on the water lines of your eyes. Its primary purpose is to make the lashes look lush, but it also draws attention to the eye and can enhance or even change the eye's shape. Eyeliner is available in a wide range of hues, from the common black, brown and grey to more adventurous shades such as bright primary colors, pastels, frosty silvers and golds, white and even glitter-flecked colors.
It can also be used for showing depression in photographs, such as the famous "Bleeding Mascara". 
Tight lining.
Tight lining is the use of eye liner tight against the water line under the lashes of the upper lid, and above the lashes of the lower lid. Due to the proximity to the membranes, and the surface of the eye itself, waterproof eye liner is preferred.
Tight lining is a technique which makes the eyelashes appear to start farther back on the eyelid, thus making them look longer. Gel eyeliner and a small angled brush may be used to create this look.
Formula.
Depending on its texture, eyeliner can be softly smudged or clearly defined. There are five main types of eyeliner available on the market: each produces a different effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5947557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947557" title="Nitta Yoshioki">
Nitta Yoshioki

Nitta Yoshioki (新田義興) (died 1358) was a samurai of the Nitta family who fought for the Southern Imperial Court in the Nanboku-chō period (1336 – 1392) of Japanese history.
Yoshioki was the second son of Nitta Yoshisada (1301 – 1338), who supported the Southern Court of Emperor Go-Daigo and Kamakura from the Hōjō clan in 1333. Yoshioki aided his father in the siege of Kamakura in 1333, and battled alongside Kitabatake Akiie. The following year, he fought alongside Kitabatake Akinobu, fortified Mt. Otoko, but was soon routed and forced to seek refuge at Mt. Yoshino. 
The conflict with the Ashikaga clan continued for several decades, and in 1352, Yoshioki ousted Ashikaga Motouji from Kamakura, with the aid of his brother Nitta Yoshimune and cousin Wakiya Yoshiharu. Soon after taking control of the city, however, he was forced out by Ashikaga Takauji. Returning to the countryside of Kozuke and Musashi provinces, Yoshioki continued to fight for some time before being captured by Takezawa Nagahira. He was sentenced to death by the minister of Motouji, Hatakeyama Kunikiyo, and was executed at the age of 28 by drowning in the Tama River at Yaguchi in present-day Ōta ward of Tokyo.
A shrine at Yaguchi no Watashi, the Nitta Shrine, is dedicated to Yoshioki. He is revered under the name . Musashi-Nitta Station on the Tōkyū Tamagawa Line in Tokyo takes its name from the Nitta Shrine. Yoshioki is the subject of an Edo-period kabuki play by Hiraga Gennai (1728 – 1780) titled "Shinrei Yaguchi no Watashi".

</doc>
<doc id="5947560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947560" title="Mourne Independent Christian School">
Mourne Independent Christian School

Mourne Independent Christian School is an independent primary and secondary school located in Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is a mixed-gender Christian school within the Southern Education and Library Board area and under the auspices of the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster.
History
The school was founded in 1988 within the grounds of Mourne Free Presbyterian Church, originally with only a primary department but later expanding to offer secondary education. The current Principal is Mrs H Campbell, Vice Principal Mrs M Spiers and has a number of full and part-time teachers .
In 2010 a school inspection classified Mourne Independent Christian School as "Very Good" and noted that it was one of the best independent private schools in the country.
Website

</doc>
<doc id="5947562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947562" title="Neuenstein, Baden-Württemberg">
Neuenstein, Baden-Württemberg

Neuenstein is a town in the Hohenlohe district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 12 km southwest of Künzelsau, and 27 km east of Heilbronn. 
The 16th century castle, home to H.S.H. the prince of Hohenlohe-Oehringen, is open to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="5947567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947567" title="Pongamia oil">
Pongamia oil

Pongamia oil is derived from the seeds of the "Millettia pinnata" tree, which is native to tropical and temperate Asia. "Millettia pinnata", also known as "Pongamia pinnata" or "Pongamia glabra", is common throughout Asia and thus has many different names in different languages, many of which have come to be used in English to describe the seed oil derived from "M. pinnata"; "Pongamia" is often used as the generic name for the tree and is derived from the genus the tree was originally placed in.
Other names for this oil include Karanja oil (in Hindi), Honge oil (in Kannada), Kanuga oil (in Telugu) and Pungai oil (in Tamil).
Cultivation.
"Millettia pinnata" is native to South and Southeast Asia. Known in various languages as Indian beech, Pongam, Karanja, Honge, Kanuga, and Naktamala, it is now grown all over the world. Typically the plant starts yielding pods from the fifth year on with the yields increasing each year until it stabilizes around the tenth year. Seeds are usually harvested in the spring, each seed weighing from about to . The yield per tree can range from about to more than depending on conditions, with an average of 1500-1700 seeds per kilogram. Historically the pods are removed from the trees by beating the branches with sticks and decorticated using mallets or stones. Research is ongoing into mechanical harvesting methods.
The basic nutritional components of "Millettia pinnata" seeds may change depending the season and maturity of the tree but in general are as follows: 
Description.
Pongamia oil is extracted from the seeds by expeller pressing, cold pressing, or solvent extraction. The oil is yellowish-orange to brown in color. It is toxic and will induce nausea and vomiting if eaten but it is used in many traditional remedies. Pongamia oil is antiseptic and resistant to pests. It has a high content of triglycerides, and its disagreeable taste and odor are due to bitter flavonoid constituents including karanjin, pongamol, tannin and karanjachromene.
"Millettia pinnata" has a number of different varieties but little research has been published on the differences between them. This combined with variances in soil and weather can change the specific composition of Pongamia oil. Typically Pongamia oil is composed of the following fatty acids:
The physical properties of crude Pongamia oil are as follows:
Uses.
Traditional.
It has been used as lamp oil, in leather tanning, in soap making, and as a lubricant for thousands of years. Its toxicity, as well as its color, bitter taste, and disagreeable odor, keep it from being used in cooking but it does have uses in traditional medicine for treating skin disease and liver disease.
Recent studies have shown some potential for biocidal activity against "V. cholerae" and "E. coli", as well an anti-inflammatory, antinociceptive (reduction in sensitivity to painful stimuli) and antipyretic (reduction in fever) properties. There is also research indicating that the oil can be used as a natural insecticide.
Biodiesel.
Many studies have been done to convert Pongamia oil into biodiesel. The following table shows the physical properties of the methyl esters of Pongamia oil versus the EN 14214 standards:
The comparison of the methyl esters of Pongamia oil to the ASTM D6751 standard for biodiesel fuels shows that processed Pongamia oil is within the standards. Against the European EN 14214 standards, Pongamia oil does not meet the storage stability standard; Oxidation stability needs to be a minimum of 6 hours at 110°C, but the stability of processed Pongamia oil is only 2.24 hours. Research has shown that jatropha or pongamia oil can be mixed with palm oil to achieve an improved low-temperature viscosity than pure palm oil and a higher oxidation stability than pure jatropha or pongamia oil. In addition, the methyl esters of Pongamia oil have a cloud point of 19°C, which is outside the European standards, and a pour point of 15°C both of which would be problematic in lower temperature climates.

</doc>
<doc id="5947569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947569" title="Nils Täpp">
Nils Täpp

Nils Täpp (27 October 1917, Malung, Dalarna – 23 October 2000) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics, with a gold in 1948 and a bronze in 1952.
Täpp also won 4 x 10 km relay event at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He also was Swedish national champion at 15 km in 1946 with Sågmyra IF and 3 x 10 km relay in 1949 with Östersunds SK

</doc>
<doc id="5947586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947586" title="Glenn Adams">
Glenn Adams

Glenn Charles Adams (born October 4, 1947) is a former designated hitter and corner outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the San Francisco Giants, Minnesota Twins, and Toronto Blue Jays in a career spanning eight seasons.
Adams attended and played college baseball at Springfield College in Springfield, Massachusetts. Adams was the first-round pick in the 1968 amateur draft of the Houston Astros (fourth pick overall). After four seasons in the Astros minor league system, Adams reached AAA but was released in January 1972. He missed the 1972 season, but signed with the San Francisco Giants afte rthe 1972 season ended. He remained in the minor leagues for two more seasons, and ended up breaking into the major leagues with them in 1975.
Adams played through the end of the 1976 season, after which he signed with the Minnesota Twins. He spent five season with Minnesota, hitting .338 in 1977 and .301 in 1979. After the 1981 season, he signed with the Toronto Blue Jays and split the 1982 season between Toronto and the AAA Syracuse Chiefs before retiring after the season. During his career, Adams appeared in 373 games as a designated hitter, and 145 games as an outfielder. Adams finished his Major League career a .280 hitter, with 34 home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="5947590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947590" title="Newsknowledge">
Newsknowledge

NewsKnowledge is a commercial news aggregator providing full text news articles and headline news feeds for web sites and digital signage. NewsKnowledge was founded in 1996 and is based in Zürich, primarily providing commercial products for web syndication It is the owner of NewsIsFree.com, a free news feed directory and search engine.
Their headline news products search and retrieve news headlines from more than 22,000 sources from around the world. NewsKnowledge offer up to 150,000 breaking news stories a day, dynamically hyperlinked to company, financial, and industry data. TNT N.V., Toshiba, Schindler Group, and Sunrise use NewsKnowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="5947594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947594" title="Partickhill">
Partickhill

Partickhill ("Bhrae na Partaig" Gaelic) is a district of the city of Glasgow. Located to the north of Partick, south of Hyndland and west of Dowanhill, it contains mixed housing stock of tenemental type property and villa style houses, as well as some terraced homes.
Partickhill railway station closed in 1979 and a new station opened to the south (Partick railway station). Middlefield Special School, which opened in 1907 is in the area, occupying the building of the former Anderston Street School's Cripple Children's Class. The school specialises in the education and care of autistic children.
The area lacks amenities of its own, but is closely located to those available on either Dumbarton Road or Hyndland Road. 
Partickhill Bowling and Tennis Club is located on Partickhill Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5947603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947603" title="Lorenzo Squizzi">
Lorenzo Squizzi

Lorenzo Squizzi (born 20 June 1974) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.C. ChievoVerona.
Squizzi started his career at Serie A team Juventus F.C., but has spent most of his career in the lower divisions. In summer 2006, he signed for his second Serie A club Chievo.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Domodossola, Piedmont, Squizzi started his career at Juventus, the club giant of the region. In 1994–95 season, he worked as Angelo Peruzzi's backup, along with Michelangelo Rampulla. He played the final match of the season, which "Le Zebre" already secured the title weeks before. In the next season he left for Serie C1 club SPAL, where he worked as Oriano Boschin's backup. In 1996–97 season, he left for Atletico Catania, where he helped the club reached semi-final of promotion playoffs.
Lucchese.
He secured a long term contract with Serie B club Lucchese, where he helped the league struggler avoided relegation in the first season. In the second season, the poor scoring record made the club finished the second from the bottom, made Squizzi had to search another club.
Salernitana.
He joined Salernitana which newly relegated from Serie A in a co-ownership deal, which also saw Ciro Polito moved to opposite direction. He worked as Fabrizio Lorieri's backup, ahead youth product Rosario Niosi, Lorieri himself also a new signing but from Serie A club Lecce. He survived in mid-season sale, which saw Salernitana reduced the number of goalkeeper from 5 to 3 by sending ex-no.2 Andrea Ivan and youth product Crescenzo De Vito to Livorno and Giugliano respectively. But after Salernitana failed to return to Serie A, all goalkeeper were left the club and replaced by Salvatore Soviero, Domenico Botticella and youth product Raffaele Coscia. Ciro Polito, who was bought back from Lucchese, also transferred to Avellino.
Serie C1 (2000–03).
In November 2000, he was signed by Reggiana. He quickly became the first choice, ahead Raffaele Nuzzo. With club they survived in the relegation play-out.
In the next season he secured another long term contract with newly relegated side Monza, ahead Luca Davide Righi and youth product Daniele Mandelli. But the team-mate failed to score into opponent nets once again made Squizzi tasted relegation.
In the next season he was loaned to Cesena as the first choice goalkeeper, ahead Francesco Musarra and Davide Bertaccini, replacing Nicola Santoni who left for Palermo. He concerned only 29 goals in the season, ranked 2 least among the teams, behind Pisa. Although he team finished third and Pisa finished fourth, the team lost to Pisa in promotion playoffs semi-finals.
Catania.
Due to Monza failed to win promotion, on 29 August 2003 he secured a move to Catania of Serie B, ahead Emanuele Concetti, Paolo Mancini (joined in January) and youth product Gaetano Romano as first choice. He concerned only 29 goals in 29 league matches with 11 clean sheets, but after injured in March, Concetti and Mancini concerned 15 goals in 9 league matches with 4 clean sheets and 4 goals in 4 matches with 1 clean sheet respectively between round 33 to 45. Squizzi returned to field on the last round, played 77 minutes as starter without concerned a goal, before replaced by Mancini. The match ended in 2–0 won to the second club ranked from the bottom.
Perugia.
His performance made Perugia, which newly relegated to Serie B, signed him to provide extra cover for Australian internationals Željko Kalac. He concerned 9 goals in 14 matches, with Kalac concerned 25 goals in 29 matches. Squizzi also played all 4 promotion playoffs that lost to Torino in the finals. But Perugia was expelled from Serie B due to financial problem.
Chievo.
In August 2005 he signed for Chievo, his second Serie A club, initially as backup of Alberto Fontana, along with youth product Enrico Alfonso. But in the first match of the season, he replaced Fontana at half time, after Chievo concerned a goal from David Trezeguet, of his former team Juve. In that season, he occasionally played 12 league matches, 9 of them were starter.
In the next season, the club signed Vincenzo Sicignano from relegated Lecce to replace Fontana who left for Palermo. But Squizzi was promoted to first choice in the 2 round (ahead youth product Mattia Passarini) and played one UEFA Cup match verse Sporting Braga. In the round 7 Sicignano regained his place but in February Squizzi restored as first choice, ahead his former team-mate Emanuele Concetti who signed in mid-season. Although Sicignano and Squizzi concerned 24 goals each, and ranked mid-table by terms of goals concerned, Chievo poor goal scoring, partially due to the left of Amauri, made Sicignano and Squizzi once again tasted relegation.
At Serie B, Squizzi secured his place as first choice, ahead Gabriele Aldegani and Mattia Passarini. He won Serie B champion with team and returned to Serie A.
Since the signing of Stefano Sorrentino in July 2008 and turned to age 34, he worked as backup goalkeeper again, along with Gabriele Aldegani (2008–09) and Michał Miśkiewicz (2009–10). 
On 7 June 2010 Chievo announced Squizzi had signed a new 1-year contract. He extended his contract again in July 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5947608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947608" title="Annalong Primary School">
Annalong Primary School

Annalong Primary School is an independent English-medium primary school located in the village of Annalong, County Down, Northern Ireland. It caters for girls and boys aged from 3 to 11 from the village and its rural environs. There are 160 pupils as of 2006. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area. The nursery unit serving 26 children was opened in September, 2000.
The school's primary age enrolment fell from 194 in 1995/6[http://www.niassembly.gov.uk/qanda/writtenans/010126.htm] to 131 by 2002/3. 
School inspection.
A focused inspection by the Department of Education (Northern Ireland) in February 2003 found that the "children are pleasant, friendly and courteous" and "the teachers have created an attractive learning environment". It was also reported that "the school broadens the children’s experiences through after-school activities, day and residential visits, participation in sporting competitions and by visitors who come to the school". However, it was also found that "the development of the children’s listening and talking skills throughout the school is uneven ... and "the younger children would benefit from a more structured approach to their language development". The school has also identified ICT as a priority area in its development especially for the children, but also for their parents and the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="5947610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947610" title="Duke of York's Headquarters">
Duke of York's Headquarters

The Duke of York's Headquarters is a building in Chelsea in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, England. It was completed in 1801 to the designs of John Sanders, who also designed the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. In 1969 it was declared a listed building at Grade II*, due to its outstanding historic or architectural special interest. 
The building was originally called the Royal Military Asylum and was a school for the children of soldiers' widows. In 1892 it was renamed the Duke of York's Royal Military School. In 1909, the school moved to new premises in Dover, and the Asylum building was renamed the Duke of York's Barracks. 
During World War II, the courts martial of German spies, Josef Jakobs and Theodore Schurch, (both tried under the Treachery Act 1940) were both conducted in the building. Its last military use under its present name was as a Territorial Army base. 
The site was sold to Cadogan Estates by the Ministry of Defence, with initial proceeds of £66 million received in 2000 and a further £28 million when the site was vacated in 2003.
Cadogan has redeveloped the site with Paul Davis and Partners as Duke of York Square. The development includes a public square, upmarket housing and retail outlets, and part of it has been let as new premises for the Saatchi Gallery, which relocated there in 2008. An independent school for pupils between the ages of three to eleven, known as Garden House School, occupies the Cavalry House, part of the Duke of York's Headquarters on Turks Row, which became a Grade II Listed Building in July 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5947615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947615" title="Daniel McCook">
Daniel McCook

Daniel McCook (June 20, 1798 – July 21, 1863) was an attorney and an officer in the Union army during the American Civil War. He was one of two Ohio brothers who, along with 13 of their sons, became widely known as the “Fighting McCooks” for their contributions to the war effort.
Biography.
McCook was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, the son of an Irish revolutionary, George McCook, who had fled to the United States about 1780. He graduated from Jefferson College. On August 28, 1817, he married Martha Latimer; they would have twelve children (nine boys and three girls). In 1826 the family moved to New Lisbon, Ohio, then to Carrollton, where McCook practiced law. He became an elder in the Presbyterian church and was a pioneer in the regional Sunday School movement. He was an elder at John McMillan's church.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, McCook, although 63 years old, volunteered his services to the Union. He was commissioned as a major and paymaster. When Confederate Brig. Gen. John H. Morgan led his troops through southern Ohio during Morgan's Raid, Major McCook joined in the advance of the Union pursuit. Early in the morning of July 19, 1863, Federal troops attacked Morgan at Buffington Island, where the Confederates were planning to cross the Ohio River back into Kentucky. McCook was shot and mortally wounded. He died two days later, and his body was buried with full military honors in Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Daniel McCook House in Carrollton has been restored and was listed in 1970 as a National Historic Place.

</doc>
<doc id="5947616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947616" title="Astoria Park">
Astoria Park

Astoria Park, a park located along the East River in the New York City borough of Queens, contains one of the largest open spaces in Queens. The park is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. Situated in Astoria and adjacent to the Triborough (Robert F. Kennedy) and Hell Gate Bridges, the park contains New York City's oldest and largest swimming pool. The outdoor pool, planned by Robert Moses, was used for qualifying events for the 1936 and 1964 Summer Olympics.
Other attractions include bocce courts, six tennis courts, two playgrounds, a skatepark, and one track for running. One of the playgrounds, Charybdis Playground, is across Hell Gate from Scylla Point on Wards Island. In 2001, the two features were named after Scylla and Charybdis, two water hazards of the "Odyssey", after Henry Stern petitioned to the federal government to rename what was then known as "Negro Point". The names stem from the dangerous whirlpools in the waters of Hell Gate. On Independence Day, the Queens Symphony Orchestra plays in Astoria Park during the fireworks show. Upcoming events are posted on the parks department website.
The park was formerly the site of a First Nations settlement, and is close to where the "General Slocum" went on fire and sunk in 1904, as described by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation:

</doc>
<doc id="5947617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947617" title="Ehud Goldwasser">
Ehud Goldwasser

Ehud "Udi" Goldwasser (; 18 July 1975 - 12 July 2006) was an Israeli soldier who was abducted in Israel by Hezbollah along with Eldad Regev on 12 July 2006, sparking the 2006 Lebanon War. His rank was First Sergeant.
On 16 July 2008, the bodies of Goldwasser and Regev were returned to Israel in the 2008 Israel–Hezbollah prisoner exchange. An examination of the bodies determined that the two reservists were killed during the ambush.
Biography.
Prior to his capture at Israel's border with Lebanon, Ehud "Udi" Goldwasser lived in Nahariya. He was a graduate student at the Technion, the Israeli Institute of Technology, from which he had earlier earned an undergraduate degree in environmental engineering. As a teenager, he lived in South Africa with his parents, Shlomo and Mickey, and two younger brothers. In 2005, he married Karnit, who would later campaign globally for his release. He was interested in environmental conservation, motorcycles, sailing and photography.
Raid.
According to the United Nations, the fighting began at around 9 AM when Hezbollah launched rockets on Israeli military positions along the Lebanese border, apparently as a diversion. A force then attacked two armored IDF Humvees patrolling the border near the Israeli village of Zar'it with anti-tank rockets, and captured the two soldiers.
An Israeli Merkava Mk. II tank was damaged by a 200 kg improvised explosive device, while attempting to give pursuit, killing all four crewmembers.
Prisoner swap.
On 16 July 2008, Hezbollah transferred the coffins of Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for Lebanese militant Samir Kuntar and four other Hezbollah fighters captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War, as well as the remains of 199 Lebanese and Palestinian militants.
The exchange took place on the Lebanese side of the border at Rosh Hanikra. Their Hezbollah captors had withheld any information about the condition of the two soldiers since they were captured on 12 July 2006.
Aerosmith dedication.
On 19 September 2006, rock band Aerosmith dedicated their hit song "Dream On" to Goldwasser at the request of his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="5947619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947619" title="Gaea Japan">
Gaea Japan

Gaea Japan (trademarked as GAEA Japan) was a Japanese women's professional wrestling promotion. (Japanese female professional wrestling, also known as "joshi puro", is a style first recognised in 1948. Since then it has gained more recognition both in Japan and internationally.) GAEA's name comes from the Greek mythological goddess of the Earth, Gaea or Gaia.
History.
GAEA was founded in 1995 by Chigusa Nagayo, a professional wrestler who achieved huge success in the 1980s with her tag team partner, Lioness Asuka, as the Crush Gals. She helped to train a lot of the younger wrestlers that were featured in GAEA.
GAEA's formation was first announced at a press conference held on August 24, 1994. Present at the event were charter members Nagayo, KAORU, and Bomber Hikaru. GAEA's first rookie auditions were also held on this occasion.
On April 15, 1995 the new promotion held its first show. It was at Tokyo's Korakuen Hall, and was called "Memorial First Gong". The event was a sellout and received good press. From this point on, GAEA held monthly shows at Korakuen and also occasionally went on the road to other Japanese cities.
GAEA's reputation grew as a result of the acquisition of some well-known wrestlers, and the organization of some very successful interpromotional shows. GAEA acquired highly respected freelance wrestler Akira Hokuto on September 16, 1996 and Toshiyo Yamada on July 3, 1997. The promotion established a relationship with the Japanese hardcore promotion Frontier Martial Arts Wrestling (FMW) on July 29, 1995, and worked with the prominent American promotion World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1996. As a component of the relationship with WCW two GAEA wrestlers, Akira Hokuto and Toshie Uematsu, became the first WCW Women's Champion and WCW Women's Cruiserweight Champion respectively.
GAEA's most famous storyline involved the reunion of 80's tag team sensations, the Crush Gals, in 2000. The Crush phenomenon in Japan was roughly akin to the American phenomenon of Hulkamania, and the first appearance of the reunited partnership, on May 14, 2000, at GAEA's fifth anniversary show, drew the attention of the entirety of the Japanese press.
On March 15, 2004, a weekly show with matches from GAEA started on The Wrestling Channel.
On April 10, 2005, GAEA closed its doors for good, with a farewell show at the Tokyo Korakuen Hall called "Eternal Last Gong".
Championships.
GAEA established the two All Asia Athlete Women's (AAAW) titles, a singles championship and a tag team championship, on November 2, 1996. Originally, the singles belt was labeled "Heavyweight", while the tag team belts were labeled "Junior Heavyweight", but the weight class requirements were eliminated on May 31, 1998. The first AAAW Champion was GAEA founder Chigusa Nagayo. The belt was subsequently held by some of the most prominent Japanese women's wrestlers of the 1990s, including Manami Toyota and Aja Kong. The AAAW Tag Team Championship was first held by Meiko Satomura and Sonoko Kato. Also, Uematsu's WCW Women's Cruiserweight Title was solely defended in GAEA after Uematsu won it in the United States, until the title was abandoned after GAEA and WCW ceased their relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="5947620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947620" title="Goods shed">
Goods shed

A goods shed is a railway building designed for storing goods before or after carriage in a train. A typical goods shed will have a track running through it to allow goods wagons to be unloaded under cover, although sometimes they were built alongside a track with possibly just a canopy over the door. There will also be a door to move goods to or from road wagons and vans, this sometimes is parallel to the rail track, or sometimes on the side opposite the rail track. Inside the shed will generally be a platform and sometimes a small crane to allow easier loading and unloading of wagons.
Double track.
Some goods sheds had more than one track. If one was not adjacent to the unloading platform then the method of working the second siding would be to first empty the wagons adjacent to the platform, and then open the doors on their far side to access those on the second track. Planks or portable bridges were normally provided for this purpose.
Conversions.
When no longer required for goods traffic goods sheds have often been converted for other uses, such as the booking office at Paignton railway station, or as housing. When many rural branch lines in New Zealand were closed, goods sheds along the closed branches often formed integral parts of the depots of road freight companies that replaced the railway.
Transfer shed.
Transfer sheds, sometimes called transshipment sheds, were provided to transfer goods between two different railways of different gauges, such as the broad gauge and standard gauge on the Great Western Railway in the United Kingdom. Those at Exeter and Didcot are still intact.
The term can also be applied to a shed on a pier in a harbour where cargo is/was transferred from rail cars or trucks to ships and vice versa. The cargo was temporarely stored in the shed.

</doc>
<doc id="5947625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947625" title="Eldad Regev">
Eldad Regev

Eldad Regev (, 16 August 1980 - 12 July 2006) was an Israeli soldier, born in Qiryat Motzkin, abducted by Hezbollah members along with Ehud Goldwasser on 12 July 2006, in Israel near the Lebanese border, sparking the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. His rank was Sergeant First Class.
On 15 July 2008, coffins containing the remains of Goldwasser and Regev were returned to Israel as part of a prisoner exchange. An examination of the bodies determined that the two reservists were killed during the ambush.
Biography.
Eldad was born and raised in Kiryat Motzkin. He attended secondary school at the Yeshiva High School in Kiryat Shmuel, excelling in biology. His mother Tova died when he was in the 12th grade. Eldad volunteered for the elite infantry Givati Brigade. After his army service in the Israel Defense Forces, he traveled to the Far East. He later enrolled in Bar-Ilan University's pre-law preparatory course. Eldad enjoyed soccer, music and books.
Raid.
The fighting began at around 9 AM when Hezbollah launched a barrage of Katyusha rockets and mortars on Israeli towns and military positions along the Lebanese border, apparently as a diversion. A force then attacked two armored IDF Humvees patrolling near the Israeli village of Zar'it with anti-tank rockets, killing three soldiers and abducting the two others, and then retreating into Lebanon near the town of Ayta al-Sha`b.
An Israeli Merkava Mk. II tank was destroyed by a 200–300 kg improvised explosive device while attempting to pursue the soldiers into Lebanon, killing all four crewmembers. An eighth soldier was killed while attempting to retrieve their bodies.
Prisoner swap.
On 16 July 2008, Hezbollah transferred the coffins of abducted Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for Samir Kuntar and four other Hezbollah members captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War, as well as the remains of 199 Lebanese and Palestinians.
The exchange took place on the Lebanese side of the border at Rosh Hanikra. Their Hezbollah captors had withheld any information about the conditions of the two soldiers since they were abducted on 12 July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5947634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947634" title="Conza della Campania">
Conza della Campania

Conza della Campania (formerly called Compsa, commonly known as Conza) is a "comune" (municipality) in the province of province of Avellino in the region of Campania in Italy.
History.
Early history.
It was an ancient city of the Hirpini occupied by Hannibal in 216 BC. During the Early Middle Ages it was a gastaldate in the Principality of Salerno. In 973 the gastald Landulf seized the principality. Later it belonged to the Balvano, the Gesualdo and the Mirelli families. 
Recent history.
The town was almost completely destroyed by the Irpinian earthquake of 1980. It was rebuilt in the area called Piano delle Briglie, from the former center.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947639" title="Guardia Lombardi">
Guardia Lombardi

Guardia Lombardi is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947641" title="Manocalzati">
Manocalzati

Manocalzati is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Southern Italy. The area produces chestnuts, nuts and grapes. In 2005, the population was 3,156. Its elevation is above sea level.
History.
Traces from the Iron Age indicate this town existed in the 8th century BC.
Manocalzati was a fiefdom of the San Barbato family. The town retains its medieval charm, with narrow streets and lovely palaces with decorated portals of the 18th and 19th centuries. There are two well preserved churches from the 18th century; Saint Michael (belltower built in the 16th century) and Saint Anna. The town's patron saint is Saint Mark the Evangelist. 
Within Manocalzati is San Barbato, a small hamlet overlooking the Serinese valley. Its medieval architecture is composed of houses surrounding a medieval castle.

</doc>
<doc id="5947648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947648" title="Marzano di Nola">
Marzano di Nola

Marzano di Nola is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. This town is located in the Lauro Valley. It borders with Liveri (Naples province), Pago, Lauro, Domicella and Visciano (Avellino province). 
Monuments.
The main monuments are: the St. Trifone Parish; the "Madonna dell'Abbondanza" sanctuary; the medieval tower; the rural ancient Roman villa; the manor farm "il Fossato".
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947651" title="Melito Irpino">
Melito Irpino

Melito Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>
References.
<br>
Melito's portal

</doc>
<doc id="5947652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947652" title="Anna Maxted">
Anna Maxted

Anna Maxted is a bestselling author based in North London, England. Born in 1969, she is married to fellow author and journalist Philip Robinson and they have three young sons. She writes female contemporary fiction which is viewed to be at the high end of the chick lit market.
Anna Maxted read English Literature at Girton College, Cambridge, before becoming a journalist. She is former Assistant Editor of "Cosmopolitan", and has freelanced for most national newspapers and magazines, including "The Independent on Sunday", "The Daily Telegraph", "The Daily Mirror", "Sunday Mirror", "The Times", "Daily Express", "FHM", "Esquire" and "Living Etc".
General.
As well as being rich in humour, Anna's novels invariably deal with some of the deeper and more complicated issues facing women, such as grief, abandonment, rejection, motherhood, and sibling rivalry.
Her first novel "Getting Over It", was semi-autobiographical and based very much around her experience of the death of her own father.
Bibliography.
"Getting Over It", July 2000, ReganBooks, US/ Arrow, UK
"Running In Heels", Sept 2001, ReganBooks, US/ Arrow UK
"Behaving Like Adults", August 2003 ReganBooks, US/ Arrow, UK
"Being Committed", June 2005, ReganBooks, US/ Arrow UK
"A Tale of Two Sisters", July 2006 Publisher: Dutton, US/ William Heinemann, UK

</doc>
<doc id="5947653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947653" title="Mirabella Eclano">
Mirabella Eclano

Mirabella Eclano is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of Italy. 
History.
The Roman site of Aeclanum once stood nearby. 
Geography.
Mirabella is located 46 kilometers away from the provincial capital of Avellino. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947655" title="Lauri Silvennoinen">
Lauri Silvennoinen

Lauri Silvennoinen (November 7, 1916, Kesälahti, North Karelia – December 24, 2004) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s. He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz in the 4 x 10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5947656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947656" title="Montecalvo Irpino">
Montecalvo Irpino

Montecalvo Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947660" title="Montefalcione">
Montefalcione

Montefalcione is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.
The town lies on a hill which at its summit is above sea level.
History.
In the early days of January 1861, the governor of Avellino was warned of the preparations of the revolt, is running in the zone between Montefalcione, who came from Lapio, Montemiletto used, Torre le Nocelle and Pietradefusi. These news, was sent in the zone a department in reconnaissance commanded by captain Masi, with the order to make searches and to disarm the suspect.
In spite of this, on 10 February in Montefalcione were hoisted some flags bourbon, and the subsequent arrival of captain Tagle in investigative function had no significant results. The situation in the area became progressively uncontrollable, and not even the National Guard was in a position to exercise any opposition to the upright feeling of rebellion.
The evening of July 5 the military leaders of the revolt, led by the young Pagliuca, settled the last details of what to do, and exchanged the watchword that should have been "Rome and seven clubs". 
The morning after, two armed men stood by the mayor of Montefalcione, Diocle Polcari, formal to destroy the Savoy signs and incite the people to rebellion. After you have pretended that nondisclosure, the mayor fled to Candida from his brother Basil at the first opportunity.
In the afternoon of the same day, about sixty men, including many soldiers bourbons in divided, they went into country controlled by Basilio Pagliuca and Carmine the Contrada. The arrival of the department, the population was lifted, disarming the National Guard, destroying the Savoy signs and raising in their place the bourbon flag; while the few liberals of the country they fled.
The Savoy government was revoked, the restored Bourbon and Gaetano Baldassarre was appointed mayor by restoring in fact Montefalcione as territory of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. The municipality irpino thus became the center of a revolt that soon there would be propagated to the countries and neighboring villages, while Pagliuca was assumed to reference point of conspirators of surrounding hamlets.
Festivals.
The most important festival which since 1688, has been held on the last Sunday of August in honour of Sant'Antonio di Padova (Saint Anthony of Padova) who is the patron saint of the town. The following day there is the feast of Santa Lucia and a fireworks competition in which teams from all over Campania come to compete to give the best firework display.
In May the population celebrate Saint Feliciano Martyr whose relics have been preserved since 1826 in the local church of Santa Maria di Loreto.
Famous people.
Nicola Mancino

</doc>
<doc id="5947664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947664" title="Lisa Suhay">
Lisa Suhay

Lisa Suhay (born 1965) is an American journalist and children's book author.
Other activities.
Suhay was born Lisa Goldenthal. Her father was Jewish and her mother was Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="5947666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947666" title="Premendra Mitra">
Premendra Mitra

Premendra Mitra (; 1904–1988) was a renowned Bengali poet, novelist, short story and thrillers writer and film director. He was also Bengal's most famous practitioners of science fiction in its own language. His critique of humanity led him to believe that for it to survive, human beings had to "forget their differences and be united".
Life.
He was born in Varanasi, India where his father was an employee of the Indian Railways and because of that he had the opportunity to travel to many places in India. Having lost his mother, who died during his childhood, he was brought up by his grandparents in Uttar Pradesh and speant his later life in Kolkata & Dhaka. He was a student of South Suburban School (Main) and enrolled for a BA at the Scottish Church College in Kolkata which he left prematurely to study agriculture in Santiniketan with a friend of Rabindranath Tagore, Leonard Elmhirst.
Not holding his interest, he returned to education first on an undergraduate course in Dhaka and in 1925 at Asutosh College in Kolkata where he assisted the research of Dinesh Chandra Sen.
During his initial years, he (unsuccessfully) aspired to be a physician and studied the natural sciences. Later he started out as a school teacher. He even tried to make a career for himself as a businessman, but he was unsuccessful in that venture as well. At a time, he was working in the marketing division of a medicine producing company. After trying out the other occupations, in which he met marginal or moderate success, he rediscovered his talents for creativity in writing and eventually became a Bengali author and poet.
Married to Beena Mitra in 1930, he was, by profession, a Bengali professor at City College in north Kolkata. He spent almost his entire life in a house at Kalighat, Kolkata.
As an author and editor.
In November 1923, Mitra came from Dhaka, Bangladesh and stayed in a mess at Gobinda Ghoshal Lane, Kolkata. There, he wrote 2 stories and sent them to the popular Bengali journal "Prabasi" (meaning: "The Exile"). His first published work was "Shudhu Keranee"in "Prabasi" in March 1924. In the following issue, another story, "Goponcharini" was published.
His poems were better known for their sharpness and wit. They also expressed empathy for the sufferings of the proletariat. Five years earlier, in 1925, when Rabindranath Tagore wrote "Punoshcho", the first universally accepted Bengali prose-poetry book, Mitra wrote some poetries in the magazines, "Bijli", "Kali Kalam", etc. which are of that kind. Buddhadeb Bosu thus wrote: 
The first book of poetry was "Prothoma" (1932).
His short stories were well-structured and innovative, and encompassed the diverse to the divergent in urban Indian society. The themes of poverty, degradation, caste, the intermittent conflict between religion and rationality and themes of the rural-urban divide are a thematically occurring refrain in much of his work. He experimented with the stylistic nuances of Bengali prose and tried to offer alternative linguistic parameters to the high-class elite prosaic Bengali language. It was basically an effort to make the Bengali literature free from softness, excessive romance and use of old style of writing which were prevalent in older writings. "Nana Range Bona" is not only a short story collection, but it is the only known autobiography of Premendra Mitra. He edited Bengali journals and news-magazines like "Kollol" [কল্লোল], "Kali Kalam" [কালি কলম], "Banglar Kotha", "Bongobani" etc. He also wrote in "Mouchak", a magazine run by Sudhir Chandra Sarkar.
He was connected to the Akashbani at first as a producer, later he performed other duties.
He even wrote brilliant and innovative science fictions and thrillers. Those are based on firm scientific temperaments and facts. Two of his most well-known stories are "Piprey Puran" (The Story of the Ants) and "Mangalbairi" [মঙ্গলবৈরী] (The Martian Enemies). Although these are more popular among Bengali-speaking school children and teenagers, they are popular among an older generation of literary aficionados as well.
Ghanada.
In particular, his creation of the character of Ghanada [ঘনাদা] (meaning: 'Elder brother Ghana' in Bengali) won him public recognition. The character of Ghanada is an uninterested unemployed middle aged male who can apparently weave adventures almost at the drop of a hat. His adventures cover themes ranging from crime, human ingenuity, science, history, geography, metaphysics and philosophy. It is obvious that while Ghanada himself has not been involved in any of the adventures he claims to have taken part in, he is certainly a learned man with an exceptional gift for storytelling. The stories are notably accurate from a scientific point of view. Ghanada may be seen as Mitra's parody or caricature of the Bengali urban middle class celibate intellectual, who is at home in the world of books and knowledge, but has little practical experience whatsoever. It is also interesting to note that like Satyajit Ray's Feluda, the older Ghanada although not abhorring the opposite sex, is not entirely at ease with them either. He stays at an all-male hostel and maintains an almost frugal existence. Ghanada is a self-educated person and his education is mostly due to time spent at the local libraries. In a way, it could be argued that these stories also reflect larger patterns of social transformations.
Mejokorta.
Another masterpice of his creation was the character of "Mejokorta" (meaning: 'the next brother of the eldest son of a family' in Bengali). Mejokarta was a famous "Bhoot Shikari" (meaning: Ghost-hunter in Bengali). The series of Mejokarta, although not as long as that of Ghanada, has left its prominent mark in the genre of ghost stories in Bengali.
Mitra's literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali literature in Bangladesh & West Bengal.
List of writings.
Science fictions.
He was among the pioneers of Bengali science fiction. He started writing Science fictions to make children and preteens familiar with science.
Characters.
Ghanada (Brother Ghana).
"Ghanada" (Original name: "Ghanashyam Das") is a middle-aged resident of a mess at 72, Banamali Naskar Lane in Kolkata, West Bengal with the four young members "Shibu", "Shishir", "Gour" and "Sudhir" (the narrator of the stories). He claims himself to be full of thrilling experience all over the globe (and, even in Mars!) to tackle conspiracies. Also, some of the stories are about "Ganado" (Original name: "Ghonoram Das" [ঘনরাম দাস]) in South America, and "Bachanram Das" [বচনরাম দাস] in Agra at Medieval India, his ancestors. First Ghanada story is "Mosha" [মশা] (The Mosquito) in 1945.
Mamababu (Maternal Uncle).
"Mamababu" lived in Burma on account of his service. Original name of this middle-aged man is never stated. His expeditions are written in many novels and short-stories, such as:
This character inspires Sunil Gangopadhyay to write his famous Kakababu series.
Parashor Barma.
"Parashor Barma" is a detective but he tries to be a poet. First Parashor story is "Goyenda Kobi Parashor" [গোয়েন্দা কবি পরাশর] (Detective Poet Parashor) in 1932.
Some other stories are:
Some Ghanada story has also included this character, e.g.- "Porashore Ghanaday".
Mejokorta.
Like Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay's Baroda, "Mejokorta" is also famous for his ghost stories.
There are only 9 stories of Mejokorta in total, all are in the book "Bhoot Shikari Mejo Korta Ebong..." (Mejo Korta the Ghost Hunter and...). All stories are claimed by the narrator to be found in an very old hand-written manuscript, which the narrator found inside a running bus.
Accolades.
He was also awarded the Padmashree and the Mouchak Puraskar.
Publishers of Mitra's writings.
Currently, his books are published from Shishu Sahitya Samsad, Ananda Publishers and Dey's Publishing. Ananda has published the complete collection of Ghanada, in 3 volumes: "Ghanada Samagra 1", "Ghanada Samagra 2", "Ghanada Samagra 3" and the complete collection of Parashor Barma in a single volume: "Parashor Samagra". The first-ever English translation of his Ghanada stories ("Mosquito and Other Stories") was published by Penguin Books India in 2004. Some more translated works are available now-a-days.

</doc>
<doc id="5947667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947667" title="Monteforte Irpino">
Monteforte Irpino

Monteforte Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. A bus crash near the town killed 39 people in 2013. The victims were pilgrims coming home from a trip to a Catholic shrine when the bus slid off a road near Monteforte Irpino and fell off a bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5947672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947672" title="Keith Ridgway">
Keith Ridgway

Keith Ridgway is an Irish novelist. An award-winning author, he has been described as "a worthy inheritor" of "the modernist tradition in Irish fiction."
Writings.
"Horses", Ridgway's first published work of fiction, appeared in "Faber First Fictions Volume 13" in 1997. In 1998 "The Long Falling" was published by Faber & Faber, London. It was adapted into a film by French director Martin Provost in 2011. A collection of short fiction, "Standard Time," appeared in 2000, followed by Ridgway's third novel, "The Parts," in 2003. Both were published by Faber & Faber. In 2006 "Animals" was published by 4th Estate, London. A short story, "Goo Book," was published in the April 11, 2011, issue of The New Yorker magazine. The author's most recent work, "Hawthorn & Child," was published by New Directions on September 27, 2013. Ridgway's novels have been translated into several languages and have been published in France, Italy, and Germany.
Awards.
Keith Ridgway was awarded the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature in 2001. That same year "The Long Falling" received the Prix Femina Étranger (translated as "Mauvaise Pente"). Ridgway's short story "Rothko Eggs" won the O. Henry Award in 2012 and was anthologized in the PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5947674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947674" title="Montefredane">
Montefredane

Montefredane is a "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
History.
The area where Montefredane stands today was inhabited in ancient times by the Samnites. Later, Roman populations settled near the present days village of Arcella.
The main buildings of Montefredane date back to the sixth century AD, when the inhabitants of Abellinum (now Atripalda) fled here after the destruction of their village.
In the Middle Ages, Montefredane was mentioned in the Montefredane Catalogus Baronum (1150–68) as part of the county of Avellino. In the following centuries, through ups and downs related to the names of several noble families, such as De Tufo, Capece, Brancaccio and Orsini, Montefredane gained increasing importance, until the plague of 1656 greatly reduced its development. Between 1650 and 1806 the land was owned by the noble family of Caracciolo, who brought it to its former splendor with the construction of the castle.
In 1980 the town was badly damaged by the earthquake in Irpinia.

</doc>
<doc id="5947677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947677" title="Montefusco">
Montefusco

Montefusco is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. The town is located on the top of a hill overlooking the Sabato river valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5947678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947678" title="Ulmus villosa">
Ulmus villosa

Ulmus villosa Brandis ex Gamble, the Cherry-bark Elm, is one of the more distinctive Asiatic elms, and a species capable of remarkable longevity. It is endemic to the valleys of the Kashmir at elevations from 1200 m to 2500 m but has become increasingly rare owing to its popularity as cattle fodder, and mature trees are now largely restricted to temples and shrines where they are treated as sacred. Some of these trees are believed to be aged over 800 years 
Description.
Growing up to 25 m high, the tree is rather lightly and pendulously branched, the bark smooth with distinctive horizontal bands of lenticels, although it eventually becomes very coarsely furrowed. The oblong-elliptic-acute leaves are < 11 cm long by 5 cm broad. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers appear in spring, and are particularly densely clustered, the white hairs covering the perianth and ovary contrasting with the purplish anthers. The samarae are elliptic and up to 12 mm long, densely hairy on both sides.
Pests and diseases.
"U. villosa" has a low susceptibility to Dutch elm disease and the elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" [http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Xanthogaleruca_luteola], but a moderate susceptibility to Elm Yellows.
Cultivation.
A tree once grown at Kew Gardens, London, attained a height of 25 m and was considered very elegant, although it tended to shed shoots after flowering heavily; it was felled in the 1990s after succumbing to Dutch Elm Disease. Two trees planted as part of the UK Forestry Commission's elm trials at the Westonbirt Arboretum in the 1970s also died, although the cause of death has not been recorded. Plantings elsewhere in Europe are few and far between. Several trees survive in the Gijsbrecht-Amstelpark area of Amsterdam and in the port [http://www.amsterdambomen.nl]. "Ulmus villosa" is not known to be in commerce.
Notable trees.
The specimen planted in 1989 at the Sir Harold Hillier Gardens at an exposed location on clay has grown more in width than height to form an amorphous (albeit healthy) mound of vegetation; in 2005 it was 11.6 m high with a trunk 38 cm d.b.h..

</doc>
<doc id="5947679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947679" title="Montemiletto">
Montemiletto

Montemiletto is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
The population of Montemiletto is roughly 5,400.

</doc>
<doc id="5947681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947681" title="Montoro Inferiore">
Montoro Inferiore

Montoro Inferiore is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Geography.
Montoro Inferiore borders with Bracigliano (SA), Contrada, Fisciano (SA), Forino, Mercato San Severino (SA) and Montoro Superiore.
It counts 8 civil parishes ("frazioni"): Borgo, Figlioli, Misciano, Piano (municipal seat, sometimes named Montoro), Piazza di Pandola, Preturo, San Bartolomeo and San Felice.

</doc>
<doc id="5947684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947684" title="Montoro Superiore">
Montoro Superiore

Montoro Superiore is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Geography.
Montoro Superiore borders with Calvanico (SA), Contrada, Fisciano (SA), Montoro Inferiore and Solofra.
It counts 7 civil parishes ("frazioni"): Aterrana, Banzano, Caliano, Chiusa, San Pietro, Sant'Eustachio and Torchiati (the municipal seat).

</doc>
<doc id="5947686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947686" title="Morra De Sanctis">
Morra De Sanctis

Morra De Sanctis is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947688" title="Moschiano">
Moschiano

Moschiano is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947690" title="Teuvo Laukkanen">
Teuvo Laukkanen

Teuvo Johannes Laukkanen (July 16, 1919 – May 14, 2011) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s.
He was born and died in Pielavesi.
He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz in the 4 x 10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5947691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947691" title="Greetings from Tennessee">
Greetings from Tennessee

Greetings From Tennessee is a ten-song album from Superdrag released by Arena Rock Recording Co. and Two Children Records in 2001. "Greetings From Tennessee" contained four new songs and six re-recorded songs. Of the re-recorded songs, three were covers: "Bastards of Young", off The Replacements' album Tim, "You Really Got Me" by The Kinks, and "Means So Much" by Sam Powers' former band Who Hit John.

</doc>
<doc id="5947692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947692" title="Mugnano del Cardinale">
Mugnano del Cardinale

Mugnano del Cardinale is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
Baiano, Mercogliano, Monteforte Irpino, Quadrelle, Sirignano, Visciano are nearby towns.
Sights.
The town houses the Basilica of Saint Philomena which has been important as a pilgrimage site.

</doc>
<doc id="5947695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947695" title="Bouts">
Bouts

Bouts is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="5947696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947696" title="Ospedaletto d'Alpinolo">
Ospedaletto d'Alpinolo

Ospedaletto D'Alpinolo is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947698" title="Uranquinty">
Uranquinty

Uranquinty is a small town approximately 15 km south of Wagga Wagga in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The population of the town is 715.
Uranquinty was used as the railway village when the railway line was being built from Wagga Wagga to Albury.
History.
Uranquinty Post Office opened on 15 September 1889.
Uranquinty during World War II.
Uranquinty has a distinguished record in relation to World War II. At the end of 1940 Uranquinty was chosen as the base for No. 5 Service Flying Training School RAAF (5SFTS) for intermediate and advanced training of Empire Air Trainees. The site chosen for 5 SFTS was especially suitable because it was on the main Sydney to Melbourne railway line and comprised just over of land that was owned by the Lewington family. Possession of this land was taken under National Security (General) Regulation 54 which existed during the War years
On 7 April 1942, a Wirraway of 5SFTS crashed during an instrument training flight at the Air Ground Gunnery Range, killing both crew members.
Uranquinty RAAF Post Office was open from 16 December 1941 until 14 September 1946 dating the period of the operation of the base with some accuracy.
Uranquinty Migrant Centre.
The Uranquinty Migrant Centre was established as a result of the Displaced Persons Immigration Scheme that had been embarked upon by Prime Minister Chifley's government at the end of the Second World War as a part of the "Populate or Perish" policy of the time.
Under Arthur Calwell, Australia's first Minister for Immigration, displaced persons still in camps within Germany, Austria and France were chosen to fill the need for a constant supply of labour to the country. Migrant reception and training centres were established in now disused army and RAAF camps in rural and remote areas such as Uranquinty from 1948, particularly because by then married displaced persons with their families were being allowed entry into Australia. Places like Uranquinty had the space to provide accommodation for the wives and children. Many of these displaced persons worked on the relatively nearby Snowy Mountains Scheme.
One such family that arrived were the Latvian-born Konrads family, two of whom would learn to swim in Uranquinty because their father was afraid they might drown in the numerous dams and creeks in the area. Those two, John and Ilsa Konrads, would set between them 38 individual world records and go on to become Olympic medallists for their adopted country.
A public memorial in the centre of Uranquinty, situated directly on the Olympic Highway, displays information boards and other memorials to the history of displaced persons who stayed in the area during these years.
Uranquinty Camp Post Office was open from 1 December 1948 until 31 March 1959 dating the period of the operation of the camp with some accuracy.
Uranquinty today.
Construction of the $500 million gas-fired power station at Uranquinty was completed in 2008 and was commissioned in January 2009.
Transport.
Uranquinty is located on the Sydney to Melbourne railway line. The station is still officially listed as "in use", but no passenger trains stop there, even by request.

</doc>
<doc id="5947701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947701" title="Pago del Vallo di Lauro">
Pago del Vallo di Lauro

Pago del Vallo di Lauro is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947705" title="Luis Gispert">
Luis Gispert

Luis Gispert (born Jersey City, New Jersey U.S., 1972) is an American sculptor and photographer, living and working in Brooklyn, New York. Gispert earned an MFA at Yale University in 2001, a BFA in Film from Art Institute of Chicago in 1996, and attended Miami Dade College from 1990 to 1992. 
Luis Gispert creates art through a wide range of media, including photographs, film, sounds, and sculptures, focusing upon hip-hop, youth culture, and Cuban-American history. Some of his sculptures incorporate objects identified with hip hop, such as turntables, chrome tire rims, and boom boxes, into functional designs usable in other manners, such as furniture. He first rose to fame due to his well received "Chearleaders" set of art photographs which he started in 2000 - several of the pics feature chonga style women, and helped to establish "congas" as a Miami icon, comparable to "ghetto fabulous" imgages. His installation art graced the 2002 Whitney Biennial at the Whitney Museum of American Art, and has been exhibited internationally at galleries and museums such the Brooklyn Museum of Art, and the Studio Museum in Harlem in New York, Art Pace in Texas, the Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami, the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, Palazzo Brocherasio in Turin, and the Royal Academy in London. Gispert has also participated in several exhibitions with high-profile commercial galleries including Gagosian Gallery, Andrea Rosen Gallery, and Deitch Projects in New York. He is represented by Mary Boone Gallery in New York, Rhona Hoffman Gallery in Chicago, and OHWOW Gallery in Los Angeles.
Gispert describes the first ten years of his career as a period during which he underwent a personal transformation in his attempt to comprehend why certain objects and events strike him physically and emotionally. Always, there is the push- and-pull between seduction and aggression in his work that inundates the viewer’s senses. His photographs, videos, films and sculptures are complex, composed arrangements that delve into the familiar and the unknown, the mainstream and the marginalized, to expose and address the various subcultures that infiltrate the mainstream. These subjects also provided him the means to explore the sheer aggressiveness and excessiveness of the hip hop ornamentation or the effusively decorated interior of his immigrant family’s homes. Similarly the volume of the rap lyrics lip-synched by a cheerleader in "Can It Be That It Was All So Simple Then", 2001, or the unnerving scream of a car alarm mouthed by another cheerleader in "Block Watching", 2002, is overwhelming. 
In 2011, the Feminist art collective Go! Push Pops performed Block Watching Remix at the Moore St. Market in a show curated by Michelle Lopez during Bushwick Open Studios remixing footage of Luis Gispert's original 2002 Block Watching video. In 2013, Luis Gispert invited Go! Push Pops to perform Block Watching Remix during the Brooklyn Museum's Annual Artist Ball.
His most recent photographs of landscapes viewed through the windows of customized vehicles achieve the widescreen grandeur of CinemaScope film and provide the viewer the sensation of occupying the driver’s seat. He shot hundreds of sheets of film for each landscape in an attempt to capture the perfect vista, but ultimately collaged various details to produce landscapes that most closely adhered to his ideal. 
Gispert’s cheerleader series of lush, color photographs depicting cheerleaders accessorized with the hip hop gold chains and jewelry, first brought him to the art world’s attention. Although this series was perceived as a reference to popular culture and cultural identity, Gispert approached the subject from the perspective of Baroque religious paintings depicting levitating saints at moments of epiphany and the conventions of sports photography, which established the iconic image of the sports hero in mid air. The cheerleader photographs were achieved with cinematic techniques and methods to produce special effects, most notably the green-screen. Gispert used a long exposure to photograph his models suspended on wires in a chroma-key green room. In movies, actors play against the green background, which is typically superimposed onto another backdrop to complete the illusion. However, Gispert retained the green field to reveal the artifice. 
Filmmaking has played a major role in Gispert’s career. He has consistently contrasted films that use the syntax of cinema as exercises in the manipulation of sound, image and film time, as in Stereomongrel, 2005, and Smother, 2008, with raw, aggressive videos that deliberately contradict film conventions. Gispert has used elements of destruction to designate the end of one phase of his career and the beginning of another. He always approaches new projects by trying to work himself out of a problem. This occasionally requires the obliteration of the past and has manifested itself in a sculpture composed of all the props and hip hop ornamentation that he used in his Cheerleader series or the fictitious baptism of a pet dog (representing himself as a child) by fire in order to liberate his creativity in his film “Smother”.
Other works include films such as "Stereomongrel". 

</doc>
<doc id="5947711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947711" title="Paternopoli">
Paternopoli

Paternopoli is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947714" title="Bouton">
Bouton

Bouton is a French word that means button.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947716" title="Target drone">
Target drone

A target drone is an unmanned aerial vehicle, generally remote controlled, usually used in the training of anti-aircraft crews.
In their simplest form, target drones often resemble radio-controlled model aircraft. More modern drones may use countermeasures, radar, and similar systems to mimic manned aircraft.
More advanced drones are made from large, old anti-ship missiles which had their warheads removed.
Obsolete jet and propeller-powered aircraft (such as the Fairey Firefly, Gloster Meteor and de Havilland Sea Vixen used at RAE Llanbedr between the 1950s and 1990s) have also been modified into remote controlled drones, but such modifications are costly.

</doc>
<doc id="5947717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947717" title="Petruro Irpino">
Petruro Irpino

Petruro Irpino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947723" title="Pietrastornina">
Pietrastornina

Pietrastornina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947725" title="Prata di Principato Ultra">
Prata di Principato Ultra

Prata di Principato Ultra is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy. The town spread along a hill on the left shore of the Sabato river.
The place is mentioned for the first time in a historical document in 1070.

</doc>
<doc id="5947732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947732" title="Pratola Serra">
Pratola Serra

Pratola Serra is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
The area of the comune spread on the right bank of the Sabato river. The oldest part of the comune is the village of Serra di Pratola that lie on a hill overlooking the Sabato river valley. The village of Pratola was born later stretching along a major road to Apulia. It lies in the valley and later has spread on the nearby hills.
The comune was born in 1812 merging the two villages of Pratola and Serra.
The village of Pratola since then has become the major town of the comune and it is the seat of the town hall.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947733" title="Imagination (La Toya Jackson song)">
Imagination (La Toya Jackson song)

"Imagination" is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson. It is taken from her fourth album, "Imagination". A remixed version of the song was released as a 7" and 12" single. 
Some versions of the single include a dub version or extended remix of "Private Joy", a track from her third, and more successful, album "Heart Don't Lie". 
The single was only released in the United States as a promo.

</doc>
<doc id="5947735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947735" title="Rocca San Felice">
Rocca San Felice

Rocca San Felice is an Italian town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania region. As of 2011 its population was of 888.
Geography.
Located in the northern area of Irpinia, the municipality borders with Frigento, Guardia Lombardi, Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi, Sturno and Villamaina. It counts no hamlets ("frazioni") but some localities as Carmasciano, Fontana dell'Olmo, Palombaia, Santa Felicita, Serro del Bosco, Taverna Bruciata, Toriello and Valli.
The town is from Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi, from Lioni, from Avellino and from Benevento.
Main sights.
Among the main sights of the town there is the Castle and the old town, the Church of St. Maria Maggiore, the Chapel of Mary of Constantinople and the Sanctuary of Santa Felicita, in the homonymous locality.
Mefitis.
The archaeological site of Ansanto Valley ("Valle d'Ansanto"), better known as "Mefite", is a sulphurous lake Valli, few kilometres from the towns of Villamaina and Torella dei Lombardi. It was named after the ancient Italic goddess Mefitis, venerated by the people of Hirpini, and counts some ruins of a sanctuary of the 7th century BC. The little lake is formed by a pool of water, about deep, that boils as a result of the gas emissions of the subsoil, consisting primarily of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid. Because of this poisonous emissions, the surrounding area is free of animals and vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="5947737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947737" title="Roccabascerana">
Roccabascerana

Roccabascerena is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947739" title="Salza Irpina">
Salza Irpina

Salza Irpina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947743" title="San Mango sul Calore">
San Mango sul Calore

San Mango sul Calore is a village and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of Italy.
Geography.
It is east of Naples and north of Salerno, about twenty kilometers from the city of Avellino. Nearby, Monte Tuoro is covered with dense forest, where asparagus and a variety of mushrooms such as porcini, black truffles, ovuli and chiodini abound. The "comune" is bordered by Castelvetere sul Calore, Chiusano di San Domenico, Lapio, Luogosano, Paternopoli and Taurasi.
History.
Ponto Romano, a bridge, the oldest man-made structure in San Mango, was built in about 100 BC. The bridge is composed of bricks, mortar and cobblestone taken from the Calore river that flows beneath it. It was part of the old "Napoletana" road that passed by the Sant'Anna chapel, curving down to the Calore River. The road eventually met with the Appian Way, the ancient Roman road that ran from Rome to Brindisi.
Emigration.
Many villagers from San Mango along with many other southerners began to leave Italy for North and South America at the end of the 1800s. Italy had experienced an economic growth spurt, but that had been heavily concentrated in the north. France had placed heavy tariffs on Italian agricultural products, crippling the rural economy. In fact, southern Italy could not even rely on the North to sell its wine, olive oil, and fruit. Ironically, its major trading partners were South America and Northern Europe. The net result was an average income that was barely half of that of northern Italians. It was not until 1906 that special laws were passed to provide the south with roads, irrigation and schools. Meanwhile half a million southerners left the poverty-stricken country every year for the first decade of the 20th century. To make matters worse, World War I crippled any potential benefits from the relatively progressive legislation. The literacy rate remained low: it had improved to 51.3% in 1901, but it was far worse in the south.
Ellis Island records indicate that the United States received immigrants from San Mango as early as in 1896.
"The Werra", which carried several San Mangese to America in 1900, was built in 1882 by the North German Lloyd Line.
These immigrants settled for the most part in Boston's North End, North America's first Italian community. But in the next two decades, many families originally from San Mango left Boston for industrial towns in western Connecticut. Stamford, one such town, has long had an association of San Manghese. Other popular destinations included Canada where many San Manghese migrated and settled in the city of Montreal, province of Quebec and Regina, province of Saskatchewan.
In 1901, 79% of Italian immigrants were men. Referred to as "birds of passage", many moved back and forth from their native land to the land of sometimes unfulfilled promises. Many had left unproductive and highly taxed lands only to find low wages and long hours. About half engaged in demanding physical work such as construction, freight handling and railroad work. Several men shared a single room, sometimes sleeping on newspapers to scrape and save enough money to bring their families over.
World War II and today.
San Mango and, of course, the south in general then had to endure the rise of fascism and the effects of World War II. On a positive note, electricity arrived in San Mango in 1936 with the construction of a power plant on the Calore. Today the plant's turbines are powered by the combustion of fuel and not by water, which is diverted to the Puglie, but for many years it provided nearby regions with electricity. But throughout the Second World War, San Manghese had to endure food shortages, and later, bombing by Allied forces, abuse from Nazi soldiers when Italy switched sides, and typhus. Typhus is caused by bacteria group known as Rickettsias. They are transmitted by lice, and the disease is a common killer in times of war. Sulfa drugs at the time could have saved lives but were not available in San Mango. Consequently, several paesani died. 
San Mango sul Calore was completely destroyed by the earthquake that struck southern Italy on 23 November 1980. The re-construction was led by the creation of a set of houses known as "Villagio Canadese" or Canadian Village. It was named after the fund-raising efforts from Italo-Canadians. Notable during the reconstruction the effort of Comboni priest Father Ezechiele Ramin.
The patron saint of San Mango Sul Calore is San Teodoro, known as the young recruit. There are two main statues of San Teodoro with one containing relics of his fingers which can be found in the main church. Incredibly, the original church was destroyed during the 1980 earthquake yet the two statues were unharmed.
Notes and references.
Island Recordshttp://www.ellisisland.org/
Puleo, Steven. From Italy to Boston's North End: Italian immigration and settlement, 1890-1910 : a thesis. 1994
Riccio, Anthony.Portrait of an Italian-American Neighborhood: The North End of Boston. 1998
Todisco, Paula J. Boston's First Neighborhood: The North End.1976 

</doc>
<doc id="5947746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947746" title="Cucumis myriocarpus">
Cucumis myriocarpus

Cucumis myriocarpus, paddy melon or prickly paddy melon is a prostrate or climbing annual herb native to tropical and southern Africa. It has small, round, yellow-green or green-striped fruit with soft spines, small yellow flowers and deeply lobed, light green leaves. The melon occurs in disturbed soil and cleared or bare areas, and thrives on summer moisture.
The fruit and foliage are toxic due to the presence of cucurbitacin. The plant is potentially toxic to horses, sheep, cattle and pigs and has been associated with stock deaths. It has been used by humans as an emetic. There are records of poisoning occurring in humans.
The melon is a weed in Australia and in California, where it may also be known as prickly paddy melon, bitter apple, gooseberry gourd and gooseberry cucumber.
"Cucumis myriocarpus" (paddy melon) is often confused with "Citrullus lanatus" (the Afghan or camel melon) in Australia, where both species are introduced. "Cucumis myriocarpus" has many small fruit, hidden under the leaves. The fruit are smaller than a golf ball and green in colour, developing to yellow on maturity. The larger melons commonly seen on roadsides in rural Australia are in fact "Citrullus lanatus", a wild relative of the watermelon. The confusion is widespread in Australia, such that in common parlance, the term "paddy melon" is understood to mean the larger green/yellow fruit of the "Citrullus lanatus". Children in rural Australia often use the fruit of this plant as an opportunistic source of entertainment, for example by throwing it at each other's feet.
Paddy and Afghan melons (collectively referred to as wild melons) sometimes occur in mixed infestations in Australia. They vary only slightly in colour and appearance, with the "Citrullus lanatus" leaves slightly more variegated than those of "Cucumis myriocarpus". Fruit size is the clearest identifying factor. However, management of all wild melons is similar, apart from some variation in sensitivity to glyphosate. Mechanical removal of small infestations is the simplest control method, and cultivation at early stages of growth can be effective. Large infestations are sometimes controlled by the spray-graze method, in which plants are sprayed with a sublethal dose of hormone herbicide to make them more palatable to stock, and the area is heavily grazed three days later. Toxicity is managed by making other feed available. 
Both wild melon species have a similar unpleasant odor when broken or disturbed. This makes them less palatable to stock, so poisoning tends only to occur when little other feed is available.
The plant occurs in Spain, where it is naturalized and known by the common names of "habanera" or "sandía habanera."

</doc>
<doc id="5947747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947747" title="San Martino Valle Caudina">
San Martino Valle Caudina

San Martino Valle Caudina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947753" title="San Michele di Serino">
San Michele di Serino

San Michele di Serino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947759" title="San Nicola Baronia">
San Nicola Baronia

San Nicola Baronis is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947763" title="San Potito Ultra">
San Potito Ultra

San Potito Ultra is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947767" title="San Sossio Baronia">
San Sossio Baronia

San Sossio Baronia is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Its name refers to Saint Sossius, a martyr. 
During the last weekend in August the village celebrates three days of saint days, Saint Roch, Saint Anthony and Saint Francis where Italian has-been pop stars perform outdoor concerts followed by fireworks. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947768" title="Lake Waco">
Lake Waco

Lake Waco is a reservoir located within the city limits of Waco, in McLennan County, Texas, which serves as the western border for the city of Waco. The dam is located on the Bosque River. The lake has of water and is currently run by the Army Corps of Engineers. Lake Waco top of conservation pool was raised about 8 feet (2 m) in 2005. This has helped with fishing.
The flood threat to the city of Waco and downstream portions of the Brazos River - combined with the need for conservation storage to save millions of gallons of water that were wasted, led local citizens to seek a new reservoir. Through their efforts, Congress authorized the project for construction by the Corps of Engineers.
By law, local interests are required to bear the cost of acquisition of the storage allocated to conservation in the reservoir. A water conservation contract covering repayment of the cost of those features has been approved, and, under its terms, the Brazos River Authority will also contribute its share annually for operation and maintenance of the project.
Waco Lake is operated for its various purposes by the Corps of Engineers, with water being furnished to the Authority under the term by the Texas Water Commission
History.
1925 - The Bosque River was considered as a primary water supply for Waco and surrounding areas.
1926 - City passes a $3.5 million bond to fund building the original Lake Waco.
1929 - Construction begins on Lake Waco Dam.
1930 - Construction of the first Lake Waco Dam secured of water.
1950 - Due to drought conditions, The City of Waco begins planning for future water needs.
1956 - City officials lobby for the construction of a new dam.
1958 - Construction begins on the new dam.
1964 - Lake Waco Dam reconstruction is completed and provides long-term, dependable water supply for the citizens of Waco and surrounding areas. The new dam secured of water.
1979 - Waco officials research raising the level of the lake.
1983 - Study is completed and 7 feet is considered most feasible pool rise.
1998 - Waco City Council votes to increase the Lake Waco pool by seven feet giving the City of Waco and surrounding areas of dependable water supply.
2003 - Additional impoundment of water begins. The 7 foot pool rise secured of dependable water supply from Lake Waco with a normal lake elevation of 462.

</doc>
<doc id="5947776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947776" title="Santa Lucia di Serino">
Santa Lucia di Serino

Santa Lucia di Serino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
References.
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947782" title="Santa Paolina">
Santa Paolina

Santa Paolina is a small comune (village) of the province of Avellino, in the region of Campania, Italy. In 2014 there are 1360 citizens. They are decreasing from 1951, when there were 2487 citizens.
History.
In medieval times the site of this land, turns out with the agricultural use of its territory each in the center with all its districts through a memorial of Lombard abbey of St. Sophia, written in the year "1041" after Christ. This Sofian's parchment, in fact, refers to the hilly site, that was told as a "promised land" placed at the end of a rural-path, and located at the base of a deep forest, near a natural source of water, all were directly employed by the abbey Lombard and identifiable by a church named in honor of St. Felix. Instead, a source written through the year "1083" makes emerge from the mists of the past, by the first time the actual name of Santa Paolina. However, around 1270 d. Cr., The site of the country is reported in the inventory of the Abbey of St. Sofia, such as:(Latin) ... Castrum Vetus Sancte Pauline ...other sources mention already at a (Latin)... Castrum Vetus et Timplani ... near Tufo (little Irpinian village), all that happened in the far year 1239, and this name refers to the same location mentioned in the memorial of St. Sophia during the year 1270. that was indicated like the same territory of Santa Paolina, but the land was called with the name of an ancient family named "Templano", and they seems to come in origin from Grottaminarda. This finding was also confirmed in the long list of countries mentioned by the Bishop of Avellino "Francesco", when he was interrogated by the Curia of Naples on the plague of "peste" occurred in the year 1296 [13.
The territory, in recent history was divided into several districts:
The square (La Piazza), the court of Brecciale and via Ferrere, the fortress of Petrarola Square and Via San Rocco " Pino", Capi Jorii, Giallonati, Marotta, "Cierro", San Bernardino, La Sala, Profiche, Saint Lucia, Piana de' Sauri, Casale Castelmozzo, Paoloni, Piezzo, Picoli, the court of Bridge Zeza ( Manganelli ), Taverna Figura, Serra ( Tufini ), and Gnerri Viturano [ 15 .

</doc>
<doc id="5947785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947785" title="AT2 mine">
AT2 mine

The AT2 mine is a scatterable anti-tank mine developed by Dynamit Nobel. It can be scattered from artillery rockets or from mine laying systems, and is currently in service with the British, German and Norwegian armies.
Description.
The mine is cylindrical with a hemispherical top and flat bottom. A thin aerial-like wire extends from the top of the mine, and is the S3 "scratch wire" contact fuze. Five or more metal legs (depending on the exact model) around the base of mine fold out to stand the mine upright. Additionally the mine is fitted with a small plastic parachute when it is deployed from rockets to reduce the impact when the mine lands.
The mine is triggered when the scratch wire fuze drags along the bottom of a vehicle or when it is crushed by pressure. Additionally the mine has a magnetic-influence fuze. The mine uses a Misznay Schardin effect warhead to penetrate the belly of armour vehicles; the projectile formed is optimized for after-armour effects. The mine auto-destructs after one of six selectable periods, up to a maximum of four days; the self-destruct mechanism is reported to be 99% reliable Should the self-destruct mechanism fail, the battery powering the fuze would fail after a short period of time. The mine is additionally fitted with an unspecified anti-handling device [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200001/cmhansrd/vo010316/text/10316w04.htm.
Italian destruction.
After the Ottawa Treaty, Italy concluded that the fuze of the AT2 was sensitive enough to be set off by a person and destroyed its stockpile of 45,000 mines [http://www.landmine.de/fix/english_report.pdf].

</doc>
<doc id="5947786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947786" title="Sant'Andrea di Conza">
Sant'Andrea di Conza

Sant'Andrea di Conza is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947788" title="Fred Cockerham">
Fred Cockerham

Fred Cockerham (3 November 1905 - July 8, 1980) was a fiddle and banjo player of American folk music.
Cockerham was one of the seven children of Elias and Betty Jane Cockerham in North Carolina. He was one of the most accomplished of all the "Round Peak," North Carolina musicians but is most commonly known as the banjo accompanist to Tommy Jarrell. He played the fiddle in a more modern style than Jarrell, but played the fretless banjo in an old clawhammer style much like that of his old mentor, Charley Lowe.

</doc>
<doc id="5947790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947790" title="Sant'Angelo a Scala">
Sant'Angelo a Scala

Sant'Angelo a Scala is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. 
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947793" title="Sant'Angelo all'Esca">
Sant'Angelo all'Esca

Sant'Angelo all'Esca is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947795" title="Partickhill railway station">
Partickhill railway station

Partickhill railway station served the Partick area of Glasgow. The station was opened by the North British Railway Company in 1874 on the north side of Dumbarton Road. At some periods during its existence it was described as Partick for Govan in some timetables.
History.
It was at one stage, one of three stations in Partick, along with the Central and West stations, but was the only one of the three stations to be spared in the Beeching cuts of the mid-1960s, having been extensively rebuilt in 1958.
The station closed in 1979, when the Greater Glasgow Passenger Transport Executive were reopening the Argyle Line (itself a victim of the Beeching axe), they decided to open a new Partick railway station on the same site as Merkland Street subway station, which was itself undergoing refurbishment as part of the overall upgrade of the Glasgow Subway that was undertaken in the late 1970s. With this new Partick station, which worked as an interchange with bus and subway services being separated by only a bridge over Dumbarton Road from the site of the Partickhill station it was decided that the Partickhill site was now redundant and the station closed.
Much of its structures are still visible to the present day, including the platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="5947797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947797" title="Sauli Rytky">
Sauli Rytky

Sauli Rytky (June 6, 1918 in Haapavesi, Northern Ostrobothnia – January 28, 2006) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s.
He was born in Haapavesi.
He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz in the 4 x 10 km relay.
Rytky also finished 6th in the 18 km event at the 1948 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5947799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947799" title="Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi">
Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi

Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
Sitting on a hilltop near the Fredano river, the town is home to a cathedral and a Lombard Castle. It is bordered by Guardia Lombardi, Lioni, Morra De Sanctis, Nusco, Rocca San Felice, Torella dei Lombardi and Villamaina.
Nearby is the Benedictine Abbey of San Guglielmo al Goleto.
History.
The name "Sant'Angelo" derives from the town's patron saint Michael the Archangel. Lombardi is derived from the Lombards who settled there around 1000 AD. The cathedral was originally built in the 11th century and was rebuilt in the 16th century. Also near the Piazza of Andrea is the castle of the Lombards, built around the first half of the 10th century. Initially it was a jail/prison/fort, and was later modified to serve as a castle. There is a small pathway that was constructed under the castle and from there it leads to the main town square where there lied an underground prison.
Earthquake and reconstruction.
The town was virtually destroyed by the magnitude 6.9 Irpina earthquake of 23 November 1980. The town has been almost completely reconstructed but the town has yet to "come back to life."
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947802" title="Santo Stefano del Sole">
Santo Stefano del Sole

Santo Stefano del Sole is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Atripalda, Cesinali, San Michele di Serino, Santa Lucia di Serino, Serino, Sorbo Serpico and Volturara Irpina.
Notes and references.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947808" title="Scampitella">
Scampitella

Scampitella is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947811" title="Senerchia">
Senerchia

Senerchia (Sinerchia in the local dialect) is an Italian municipality with 1370 registered voters, but only 1036 inhabitants, in the Province of Avellino, located in the upper valley of the Sele River in Campania. It was the site of the defeat of Spartacus and is noted for the ruins of an ancient castle.
Geography.
Senerchia mainly borders the Province of Salerno, and it is surrounded by the Picentini Mountains. Its main road links it to the town of Quaglietta.
Senerchia borders the municipalities of Acerno (SA), Campagna (SA), Oliveto Citra (SA), Valva (SA) and Calabritto, the only neighbouring municipality in the same province.
The village is located above sea level in the High Sele Valley, in a hilly area on the eastern side of the Picentini Mountains, at the foot of the steep slopes of Mount Boschetiello. The territory is composed of forests and mountains, including many peaks over above sea level, such as Mount Boschetiello at , Mount Croce at , Raia della Volpe at , Sierro dei Cuoppi at , Sierro della Pica at and Raia del Pastore at . The hilly terrain starts at and continues down the country on the right bank of the river Sele. The territory is full of springs and landslide soil. In addition to the Sele, which skirts the municipal area, other waterways include the Vallone Forma, Piceglia, Fiumicello Rovivo, Pozzo San Nicola and Acquabianca.
Following the Irpinia earthquake of 1980, Senerchia has undergone a radical urban transformation. The village was completely destroyed. The old part has been abandoned and dangerous buildings are clearly visible. There is now a green area where the main square and the church were destroyed by a landslide. New buildings have been built beside the old site, with new urbanization and wide streets.
History.
Origins.
Senerchia originated as a group of remote, pre-Roman settlements. The first settlement was positioned on the heights where the ruins of the castle currently stand, almost forming a fortified town. The ruins of the castle are located in the upper part of the old village, near the church of the town's patron saint, Saint Michael the Archangel. This hill, a spur of Mount Boschetiello, overlooks the High Sele Valley.
The name "Senerchia" is derived from "Sena Herclae," which means "Bosom of Hercules" in archaic Latin. The etymology of the word and the castle ruins may indicate that Senerchia was once strong and powerful. Some also say that, the name recalls the local Northern Tuscan names "silerchia" and "silerchie" which presuppose a "silercula" from the Latin "Siler-eris", meaning a plant that grows in places full of water.
Spartacus.
The final battle that saw the defeat and death of Spartacus in 71 BC took place in the present-day territory of Senerchia, on a site on the right bank of the river Sele in an area that includes the border with Oliveto Citra up to Calabritto, near the village of Quaglietta. At the time of the battle this territory was part of Lucania. There have been numerous recent finds of armour and swords dating back to the Roman Empire.
Spartacus and his army of slaves were marching toward Apulia to set sail for Thrace when Crassus, who was at the head of a well-armed Roman army, attacked from behind. Spartacus, partially due to the weariness of his men, wanted to take the battle to the Romans. Spartacus killed his horse, saying that if he won he would have all the horses he wanted, but if he lost he would not be tempted to run away. Spartacus was at the front of the attack, where he died after first killing some Roman soldiers. Some detachments of his army fled and scattered over the surrounding mountains.needed
Sinerchia family.
The Sinerchia family was mentioned in the Catalogus Baronum of 1150–1168.
Scipione Ammirato (1531–1601) described Senerchia as "a castle in the Principality of Salerno of 160 hearths, which has given its name to the family that has owned it for over three hundred years", referring to the Sinerchia family whose history was so closely linked to the village. The Sinerchias were an ancient noble family of Norman origin, derived from the Filangieri. They had many feuds between Campania, Basilicata and Puglia, and lived mainly between Senerchia and Naples until the fifteenth century. The Sinerchia, transplanted later to the Basilicata region, were honored with the title of Count in the fifteenth century, and following the 1481 Conspiracy of the Barons assumed the surname Scardaccione. Orlando Sinerchia Scardaccione, Count of Sant’Andrea, when he moved to Potenza, together with his cousin Amelio was deprived of possessions as a consequence of the Conspiracy of the Barons.
Castle.
The castle of Senerchia, overlooking the High Sele Valley, had ancient origins. It may already have been the defensive garrison of Irpini, and the Romans probably had to work hard to subdue it; hence the Latin name Sena Herclea (which means Bosom of Hercules). It was strengthened under the control of the Byzantines in the final war against the Goths. The Lombards changed the fortifications and made further extensions. In the Angevin period of Senerchia, Nicholas was keeper in 1271, commissioned by Charles I of Anjou. The keep, with only its west front still well preserved, is one of the few survivors of the ancient fortified complex.

</doc>
<doc id="5947814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947814" title="Gooseberry gourd">
Gooseberry gourd


</doc>
<doc id="5947816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947816" title="Serino">
Serino

Serino is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Famous for its very clean water source, Serino is from Naples, from Salerno, and from Avellino. Serino is also famous for its production of chestnuts.
It also has plenty of restaurants famous for their food and wines. The local Aglianico is known worldwide.
Serino is a locality with plenty to offer the visitor: from its summer street parties dedicated to local saints to all sorts of holiday arrangements.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947817" title="Collingullie">
Collingullie

Collingullie is a village north-west of Wagga Wagga in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The village is located on the Sturt Highway, between Wagga Wagga and Narrandera, at the crossroads with the road to Lockhart.
At the 2006 census, Collingullie had a population of 399 people. The name, "Collingullie", could have derived from an Aboriginal word meaning 'boggy ground'.
Collingullie Post Office opened on 1 August 1879 and closed in 1982. The town's school, Collingullie Public School which has 56 students, is located on Urana Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5947820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947820" title="List of Fruits Basket characters">
List of Fruits Basket characters

The characters of "Fruits Basket" were created by Natsuki Takaya in the manga written and illustrated by her. The manga was serialized in 136 chapters in the monthly manga magazine "Hana to Yume" between January 1999 and November 2006, and collected in 23 "tankōbon" volumes by Hakusensha. The series was adapted as a drama CD distributed as a promotional item with an issue of "Hana to Yume" and as a 26-episode anime television series produced by Studio DEEN initially broadcast on TV Tokyo between July 5 and December 27, 2001. The manga is licensed in English by Chuang Yi in Singapore, Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand, and Tokyopop in North America. The anime is licensed in English by FUNimation Entertainment, which distributes it in North America itself, in the United Kingdom through Revelation Films, and in Australia and New Zealand through Madman Entertainment.
The series tells the story of Tohru Honda, an orphan girl who, after meeting Yuki, Kyo, and Shigure Sohma, learns that thirteen members of the Sohma family are possessed by the animals of the Chinese zodiac and cursed to turn into their animal forms when they embrace someone of the opposite sex or their bodies come under a great deal of stress. As the series progresses, Tohru meets the rest of the zodiac and the family's mysterious head, Akito Sohma, and eventually resolves to break the curse that burdens them.
The name spellings used here are those given in the official Region 1 DVD and English manga releases. Names are given in Western order, with the family name last.
Creation and Conception.
According to Natsuki Takaya in interviews, Tohru Honda was the first character she created for the series, with Yuki and Kyo Sohma soon after. When asked how she came up with Tohru's personality and background, she said: Takaya gave Tohru a name normally used only for men because she likes to give masculine names to female characters "to balance them out." In addition, Takaya chose to have other characters address her as "Tohru-kun", using an honorific typically used for boys, because she thought it was "a more dignified form of address."
The next characters Takaya developed were Yuki, Kyo, and Shigure Sohma, and of these Kyo was "the first character whose personality and looks really hit me...without any hesitation." According to the "Fruits Basket Character Book", she had Yuki dress in Chinese-style clothes because she likes them. She added that she believes they suit his androgynous nature, and that she deliberately gave Yuki and Kyo different tastes to distinguish them. 
Takaya described these four characters, Tohru, Yuki, Kyo, and Shigure, as the main cast. The first character she developed after them was Kisa Sohma, whom she described as "in competition to be the first or second most beautiful character."
Takaya named most of the Sohmas affected by the curse after the month in the former Japanese lunisolar calendar that corresponds to their zodiac animal. The exceptions are Kureno and Momiji, whose names were swapped by mistake; Kyo, who as the cat is not part of the official zodiac; and Yuki. According to the author, no other names have meanings.
Tohru's family and friends.
Tohru Honda.
, aged 16–17, is an orphaned high school student who, at the start of the story, begins living with Shigure, Yuki, and Kyo Sohma in exchange for housekeeping. She loves to cook, describes herself as an excellent housekeeper, and has an after-school job as an office janitor to pay her tuition fees to avoid being a burden on her grandfather. She is depicted as polite, optimistic, extremely kind, and selfless; several other characters, including Kyo, Rin, and Hanajima, tell her she needs to look out for herself and not shoulder everyone else's burdens. In the original Japanese, Tohru habitually speaks formally (see "Honorific speech in Japanese"), but not always correctly, a habit she picked up from her father, Katsuya, after he died when she was three, as a way of replacing him in her mother's eyes. Tohru's mother, Kyoko, raised her alone until she died in a car accident shortly after Tohru entered high school, a few months before the start of the story. Tohru repeatedly calls Kyoko the most important person in her life and treasures her photograph; when she falls in love with Kyo she feels guilty of being "unfaithful" to her mother's memory. 
In the first half of the series, as Tohru learns about the zodiac curse and its effects on those she loves, she becomes distressed, and when she learns that the dangerous Akito is the "god" of the zodiac, she resolves to break the curse. Only later does she admit that she wants to free Kyo most of all. Despite setbacks, both external and personal, Tohru stubbornly persists in her goal and eventually frees Kyo and her friends. In the last chapter, she is moving with Kyo to another city so he can continue his martial arts training, and in the final pages it is shown that they had a son and a granddaughter. 
Arisa Uotani.
, aged 16, is a former gang member (a "yankee", the Japanese version of the American "thug" image) and one of Tohru's closest friends. Arisa is depicted as tough, brash, and sometimes violent; she wears long skirts, sometimes carries a lead pipe, and often speaks like a man (see "Gender differences in spoken Japanese"). Arisa is tall for a girl, and once claims she wishes to reach tall. She is especially competitive with Kyo and bickers with him frequently. Her childhood was troubled: her father is an alcoholic and her mother left him for another man when Arisa was young; Arisa joined an all-girl gang called The Ladies in fifth grade, and idolized Kyoko Honda's reputation from her gang days. When Arisa met Kyoko's daughter Tohru in middle school, and then Kyoko herself, she was shocked by the change from gang-leader into doting mother, but became friends after Kyoko helped her escape from her gang. With Saki Hanajima, she swore on Kyoko's grave to look after Tohru, and in their "parental" protection of Tohru, noted by Kyo and Yuki, Arisa is depicted as the brash and direct father-figure. Tohru calls her Uo-chan and her manga symbol is a fish, the meaning of the first kanji (魚) of her family name. Arisa works a couple of different part-time jobs during the series; at one of them, in a convenience store, she meets Kureno Sohma and is immediately attracted to him, though she worries about their nine-year age difference. They meet a second time a few days later, when he nearly kisses her after buying her lunch, but after that he refuses to see her again because of his promise to Akito, and she tries to get over him. When Kureno leaves Akito, Arisa helps him move out, telling him that she has been waiting for him all this time, and in the final chapter she is preparing to move in with him. 
Saki Hanajima.
, aged 16, is a psychic girl who has the ability to sense people's "waves" and send out electric "waves" ("denpa" in Japanese), and one of Tohru's closest friends. She is depicted as very perceptive, polite, with a usually deadpan manner, and is often seen eating or doing Tohru's or Arisa's hair when not in class. According to an author's note, in contrast with her Gothic Lolita appearance, she likes shōjo manga and novels and bought a copy of Shigure Sohma's "Heartthrob". Tohru calls her Hana-chan, and her manga symbol is a small flower, the meaning of the first kanji (花) of her family name. Hanajima had trouble controlling her abilities when she was young, and blamed herself for the near-fatal collapse of a boy who was bullying her. Like Arisa Uotani, Hanajima is extremely protective of Tohru, who was the first person in school that truly accepted her, which helped her gain control of her powers. She wears black fingernail polish and (when not in her school uniform) black dresses, often with a cloak or veil, habits Hanajima started before she met Tohru as a way of signaling her guilt. With Arisa, she promised on Tohru's mother's grave to look after Tohru and in their near-"parental" protection, she acts as the "motherly" figure. She uses her reputation for sending out "poison waves" to shield Tohru from the malice of Yuki's fan club. She has a close relationship with her family, which accepts and nurtures her gifts, especially her younger brother, Megumi, who also has psychic abilities. When Hanajima sees Kazuma Sohma when he comes in for Kyo's parent-teacher conference, she calls him "handsome," and later at the class performance of "Sorta Cinderella", she seeks Kazuma out to talk with him. Kyo is disturbed enough at the idea of Hanajima in a relationship with his foster-father, that she and Uotani tease him with the possibility. However, in the final chapter, Hanajima is working as a cook at Kazuma's dojo, and it is implied they are in a relationship. 
Kyoko Honda.
, her maiden name Kyoko Katsunuma, is the late mother of Tohru Honda, appearing only in flashbacks and photographs treasured by Tohru. In middle school, Kyoko was the leader of an all-female "Bōsōzoku" gang called Red Butterfly Suicide Squad, the name coming from how a motorcycle's tail-lights supposedly look like a red butterfly at night. She told Kyo Sohma she was ignored and rejected by her parents, and fell in love with a student teacher named Katsuya Honda who stood up for her when her parents disowned her after a gang fight. Katsuya and Kyoko married after she left middle school and had a daughter, Tohru, and Kyoko learned how to work through difficulties together with Katsuya. She was devastated by her husband's death and nearly killed herself before remembering her three-year-old daughter needed her. Because of her experiences, Kyoko raised Tohru to believe that everyone needs to feel needed, and helped Arisa Uotani leave her own gang. Tohru calls Kyoko the most important person in her life, and repeats bits of her mother's emotional wisdom throughout the series. Kyoko died a few months before the start of the series when she was struck by a car. Kyo was present at the accident but could not save her without revealing his curse, and heard her last words as "I'll never forgive you." In chapter 135, a flashback of her final moments shows that she held no ill will toward Tohru or Kyo and was in fact trying to say "I'll never forgive you if you don't keep your promise to protect Tohru"—an act of charging Kyo to protect Tohru. 
The Sohmas.
Many of the following characters appear in both the manga and the anime adaptation of the series. The series as a whole includes the following:
Akito Sohma.
In the anime, Akito is biologically male. In the manga, Akito is female but was brought up as a boy by her mother, Ren, and it is not revealed until Chapter 97 that Akito is biologically female. Ren decided to raise Akito as a male because she was ashamed of giving birth to a girl who was the "god" to the zodiac, and who was receiving more attention from her husband, Akira. The only other Sohmas who knew about Akito's biological sex were the oldest four zodiac members: Kureno, Shigure, Hatori, and Ayame. After the curse is broken, Akito begins dressing as and living as a woman, and in the final chapter Shigure, with whom she is in love, moves in with her. .
Yuki Sohma.
, aged 16 is the Rat of the Chinese zodiac and younger brother of Ayame. Yuki is depicted as an attractive, reserved, and accomplished young man with many admirers, but who finds being friendly difficult. When Yuki was young, his mother gave control of him to Akito Sohma, who kept him separated from the rest of the zodiac and convinced him no one liked him; because of this, Yuki has low self-esteem and feels isolated. He is known as "Prince Yuki" and "Prince Charming" at school, where he has a fan club headed by Motoko Minagawa that tries to "protect" him from other admirers, with the result that Yuki is further isolated, and he is pressured by his popularity to become president of the student council despite his misgivings. Yuki, however, wishes that he could be with people as friends, rather than be admired from afar, and envies both Kyo Sohma's and Kakeru Manabe's easy ways with others. Yuki is touched when, faced with the prospect of having her memory of the Sohma family secret erased, Tohru Honda asks that he remain her friend, which no one had asked him before. With Tohru's help Yuki is gradually able to "open the lid" of his feelings, and the summer after she begins living in Shigure's house, Yuki admits to himself that he loves her. 
When Yuki was around six or seven years old, he ran away from Akito. Yuki has always had fond feelings for Tohru for actually "needing" him. However, he later admits to Manabe that he was looking for a mother-figure and found her in Tohru. As the Rat, Yuki despises the current cat, Kyo, despite envying him, and is contemptuous of his attempts to defeat him. Even when he realizes the true nature of his feelings for Tohru, Yuki is uncomfortable when he recognizes her and Kyo's growing feelings for each other. Yuki becomes attracted to Machi Kuragi, a student council treasurer who also had a traumatic childhood, and falls in love with her. When he knows that Kyo will be confessing his love to Tohru, Yuki meets with Machi and is with her when his curse lifts, whereupon the first thing he does is embrace her. In the last chapter, he gives Machi a key to his new apartment, where he will be living as he attends university. 
Kyo Sohma.
, aged 16, is cursed by the cat, an animal not in the Chinese zodiac, but which legend says would have been if it had not been tricked by the Rat into missing the induction feast (see "Zodiac origin stories"). In an author's note, Natsuki Takaya described the character of Kyo as a powerful force that pulled the story of "Fruits Basket" along. Kyo is depicted as an orange-haired young man who is short-tempered and charismatic, if initially awkward around people; Arisa Uotani once calls him "anger management boy," and Yuki Sohma expresses envy of his ability to make friends easily. He is also fiercely competitive, and can be easily manipulated into doing things he does not want to by turning it into a competition—especially against Yuki. As the cat, Kyo hates Yuki, the current Rat of the zodiac, whom he sees as never having to work hard at anything, and has dedicated his life to defeating him. Shortly before the series beginning, Kyo made a bet with Akito: if he defeats Yuki in a fight before graduating high school, he would officially be accepted as part of the zodiac; however, if he does not, Kyo would be confined inside the Sohma estate for the rest of his life. Despite many months of strict training, however, Kyo never lands a decent blow on Yuki. Their rivalry distresses Tohru, who likes them both, but she comes to worry even more when they do not fight. The two eventually tell each other, during an argument, they envy as well as despise each other and come to a truce for Tohru's sake. 
At the start of the story, Kyo moves into Shigure's house with Yuki and Tohru. When Kyo was young, his mother died in an accident rumored to be suicide over her son's curse, and after his father rejected him, Kyo was taken in by Kazuma Sohma. The two love each other as father and son, but Kazuma insists he continue to live with Shigure because he believes Tohru is helping him open up. Aside from his foster father, however, Kyo pushes away the people who want to help him, because he is ashamed of the true form of his zodiac animal—a grotesque, foul-smelling, monster—which he turns into when his bone juzu bead bracelet is removed. When Tohru sees his true form, however, she is initially repulsed but follows him to beg him to stay with her, which strengthens their bond. However, Kyo also blames himself for the death of Tohru's mother, whom he could have saved at the risk of turning into a cat, and he was shaken by Kyoko's last words, "I'll never forgive you..." As the story progresses, Kyo falls in love with Tohru, but he refuses to subject her to the pain he is convinced he will cause, so when she confesses she loves him, he rejects her, calling himself "disillusioned." Only when Uotani, Hanajima, and Yuki impress upon him how deeply his rejection hurt Tohru does he get up the courage to accept her, and when he does finally confess to her, his curse lifts—along with the rest of the zodiac. In the last chapter, he and Tohru begin moving out of Shigure's house to another city, where he will study at another dojo in preparation for inheriting Kazuma's, and in the final pages it is shown that they had a son and a granddaughter. .
Shigure Sohma.
, aged 27, is the Dog of the Chinese zodiac and the owner of the house where he, Tohru, Yuki, and Kyo live. He is a writer who publishes literary novels under his own name and trashy romances under pen names. His most successful pen name is Noa Kiritani, which he used for his erotic novel series, "Summer-Colored Sigh". He is best friends with his cousins Hatori and Ayame, and he and Ayame like to pretend they are lovers. In an author's note, Natsuki Takaya described Shigure as a "problem child." In the anime, Shigure is depicted as lazy and dirty-minded, seeming to take nothing seriously, and with a fondness for teasing people—especially his editor Mitsuru, but also Kyo, Yuki, Tohru, and Ritsu. In the manga, he behaves the same but is also shown to be manipulative: he admits early on to Hatori that he is using Tohru as "a pawn" for some deeper purpose and calls himself "filthiest of all" for being willing to sacrifice anyone to get what he wants. More than once, he provokes Akito Sohma with apparently undiplomatic responses that create other confrontations, such as Akito's visit to the summer beach house in volumes 10 and 11. Shigure eventually admits to Kureno Sohma that he hopes the disruption Tohru has caused will further weaken the weakening zodiac curse, and gives Tohru hints to figure out how to break it herself. Shigure's deepest feelings are for Akito, and he once had sex with Akito's mother, Ren, because he was upset that, although Akito secretly felt the same of Shigure, she was sleeping with Kureno. In the end, it is implied that Shigure's machinations have all been aimed at freeing Akito from the curse and the need to live as a man, so that he can have her to himself. He gives Akito the woman's kimono worn when she announces that she will live as a woman, and in the last chapter, he moves in with Akito in the main Sohma house. Shigure habitually wears a kimono unless he has to leave home for business, which according to Takaya is his way of getting into "the spirit of things" as a writer. Takaya derived his name from the tenth month, "shigurezuki" or "autumn showers month," which is the month of the Dog, of the traditional Japanese calendar. .
Kagura Sohma.
, aged 18, is the Pig of the Chinese zodiac. She is depicted as a girlish young woman with great strength, and the impulsive behavior associated with those born in her zodiac year. The latter often takes the form of berating and beating up Kyo, to whom she insists she is engaged. When Kagura was seven and Kyo was five, when he was all alone because he carried the curse of the cat, she played with him, and one day threatened him into proposing to her (using a knife in the manga, a boulder in the anime). After having the nature of her love questioned by Rin Sohma, Kagura eventually admits to Kyo that her love was based on pity, much as Kazuma fears Tohru's is, and that she has clung to him because, compared to the cat, she has it easy. After Kyo tells her he cannot love her, she claims to give up hope of winning him but still loves Kyo and cares for him; when Tohru admits to Rin Sohma that she loves Kyo, Kagura impulsively strikes her, saying that the one to tell that to is Kyo himself. According to an author's note, Kagura is an "older sister type who's always ready to help." She attends a local college while living with her parents, who are shown taking her double-edged personality in stride, and Rin. Kagura is the only female member of the zodiac who is not shown to have been injured by Akito. Takaya derived her name from the eleventh month, "kagurazuki" or "month of Shinto song and dance," which is the month of the Pig, of the traditional Japanese calendar. According to the anime, when she turns into a Pig, she's revealed to have brown fur and is able to talk with her snout. 
Momiji Sohma.
, aged 15, is the Rabbit of the Chinese zodiac. His father, one of the richest members of the Sohma family, is Japanese, while his mother is German (they speak German and Japanese in the manga, but only Japanese in the anime). Momiji is depicted as the cute, cheerful, androgynous boy who hides a sad family life behind his sunny demeanor. In an author's note, Takaya described him as "the most comfortable" of the Sohmas with his spirit possession, and "the most successful of the boys." Momiji is older than he initially appears, and Tohru is surprised to learn he is only a year younger than she is. To Kyo's horror, Momiji wears the girl's version of their high school uniform with shorts instead of a skirt, until he has a growth spurt at the start of his second year and switches to the boy's uniform. He lives alone inside the Sohma family compound, and was raised by servants. His mother learned about the zodiac curse when she first held him, just after he was born, and was repulsed; she later had Hatori erase her memory that Momiji is her son. Her attitude towards him was so violent and unpredictable that even seeing him would cause her to go into a rage. Finally she begged Hatori to erase her memories saying that her only regret, "..was that,that thing came out of her body." Because of this, his younger sister, Momo, is unaware he is her older brother, even though she is interested in him. Despite his upbringing, Momiji is insightful about others and emotionally strong. In chapter 115, his curse is broken before the rest of the zodiac, and he decides to leave Akito despite the latter's pleading. Momiji takes to Tohru very quickly, even hugging her when they are formally introduced despite his curse. He sometimes helps Tohru at her evening job as an office cleaner in one of his father's buildings, and once substitutes for her when she is sick with a cold. He is very fond of Tohru, and even defies Akito to protect her. He later warns Kyo that if he does not act on his feelings for Tohru, someone else, such as himself, might steal her away; in the final chapter, Momiji tells Hatsuharu and Rin that he hopes to find a girlfriend as wonderful as Tohru. He plays the violin. Takaya derived his name from the ninth month of the traditional Japanese calendar, "momijitsuki" or "autumn leaves month"; he was supposed to have been named after the third month, the month of the Rabbit, but according to the author, she mixed up his and Kureno's positions in the zodiac. 
Hatori Sohma.
, aged 27, He is the Dragon of the Zodiac even though his curse form is a seahorse. His father was the former Dragon of the Zodiac, the private doctor to the Sohma family. He is responsible for erasing memories (using a form of hypnosis that is handed down in his line of the family) of those outsiders who discover the Sohma family secret, such as Yuki's childhood playmates. Hatori is depicted as a tall, somber man who is rarely amused by the antics of his best friends, Shigure and Ayame. He is often the only one who can restrain Ayame's worst behavior, and is the only person Shigure trusts enough to talk about his schemes. He takes his duties to the Sohma family and as a doctor seriously, and warns Tohru about the dangers of getting too involved with the family. In an author's note, Natsuki Takaya described him as "the best marriage material of the cast." When his curse activates, Hatori transforms into a long seahorse (in Japanese "tatsuno-otoshigo", literally "baby Dragon") rather than an actual Dragon, which he is self-conscious about. According to Shigure, this is a sign the zodiac curse has weakened.
Two years before the series began, he was engaged to Kana Sohma, the assistant in his doctor's office. The relationship ended when Hatori asked Akito for permission to marry Kana and in response, Akito attacked Hatori (in the anime, he threw a vase), leaving him almost blind in his left eye; Kana blamed herself for the incident and felt so guilty about it that Hatori was forced to erase her memory of their relationship to ease her suffering. When Tohru meets up with him near the end of Volume 2, he looks back with his time with Kana, then says his heart is like snow. After Kana marries someone else, Shigure manipulates Hatori into meeting Kana's best friend, Mayuko Shiraki, who secretly had always liked him. In the last chapter, Hatori invites Mayuko on an Okinawa vacation. Takaya derived Hatori's name from the fourth month, "konohatorizuki" or "month of taking leaves silkworms," which is the month of the Dragon, of the traditional Japanese calendar. 
Hatsuharu "Haru" Sohma.
, age 15, often called Haru, is the Ox of the Chinese zodiac. Hatsuharu is depicted as having a Yin and Yang personality, which mirrors the Ox's traditional personality characteristics in the zodiac. He is an older-brother figure to the younger zodiac members, and is usually calm and placid, but, if provoked, can become enraged. The Sohmas call these two sides of his personality his "white" and "black" sides; his hair is white with black roots, and his zodiac form is a black-and-white spotted Ox. He has a reputation in the family for being somewhat stupid, and when he was a child he blamed Yuki Sohma, the current Rat, for it because of the story of how the Rat tricked the Ox to become first in the zodiac. After Yuki asked Hatsuharu whether he believes he is stupid, he realized the mental trap and has since cared very much for Yuki. Hatsuharu is in love with Rin Sohma and has an on-again/off-again secret relationship with her. He is protective of those he cares about, especially Rin, Yuki, and Kisa, and once confronts and almost punches Akito for confining Rin, and looked for Kisa when she ran away from home. Hiro admires Hatsuharu as a brother figure, even calling him Haru-nii ("big brother Haru"). Hatsuharu has a bad sense of direction, and once becomes lost for three days in another town while looking for Kyo in order to challenge him. He likes to tease Kyo in a dead-pan way; Kyo in turn calls him "downright lewd" for saying Momiji should wear the girls' uniform. He is usually shown wearing various jewelry and leather accessories, which, according to an author's note, he makes himself. Natsuki Takaya derived his name from the first month, "hatsuharu" meaning "new year" or "early spring," which is the month of the Ox, of the traditional Japanese calendar, though his name is written with different kanji than the month. 
Ayame "Aya" Sohma.
, aged 27, is the Snake of the Chinese zodiac, and Yuki's older brother, a young man with very long silver hair and striking eyes, which Tohru notes makes him resemble Yuki. Ayame is depicted as vivacious, flamboyant, self-confident, and self-centered, with a knack for annoying Yuki and Kyo (one of the few things they initially agree upon), and often getting hurt by Yuki and Kyo in response. In an author's note, Natsuki Takaya described him as a draining person to meet in real life. Despite his age, he refers to himself with the boyish pronoun "boku" (see "Japanese pronouns"). He runs a shop, named after himself, that sells custom-made "romantic costumes" such as frilly dresses and maid costumes with the help of Mine Kuramae, his seamstress. 
Ayame is best friends with Shigure and Hatori, who are the same age; while Shigure goes along with Ayame's outrageous personality, Hatori is the only one, according to Shigure and Takaya, who can restrain Ayame's worst behavior. As the Snake, Ayame is especially susceptible to cold. When Ayame was in high school, he was president of the student council, and is proud that Yuki is following him. Ayame fears the "nothingness" of not being acknowledged. 
When Ayame was young, he completely ignored Yuki, and even forgot Yuki's name once, but during the series he realizes that he will be completely alone, with only his brother as company when they get older. This spurs an obsession with gaining Yuki's love, which he attempts to do by demanding it from Yuki, and later trying more thoughtful ways to prove that Yuki can depend on Ayame. As the series progresses, Yuki gradually accepts Ayame as a brother, and even tries to understand him. When Ayame is freed from the curse, the first thing he does is embrace Mine Kuramae and confess he loves her. Takaya derived the name Ayame (normally a female name, meaning iris, or "blood iris" to be more specific) from the fifth month, "ayamezuki" or "month of irises," which is the month of the Snake, of the traditional Japanese calendar. 
Kisa Sohma.
, aged 12, is the Tiger of the Chinese zodiac. She is depicted as a cute but very shy and withdrawn girl. In author's notes, Natsuki Takaya described her as "in competition to be the first or second most beautiful character" and as a "girly-girl." When Toru and the Sohmas first met her, she had a tendency to bite and is seen as a little tiger cub biting the fingers of anyone who meets her. Despite the rocky beginning, she is quite taken with everyone. When Kisa starts seventh grade, her classmates harass and ostracize her because of her naturally tawny hair and golden eyes, an effect of her curse, and the cause of her shyness. Because she feels ashamed of being bullied, she does not tell her worried mother what is happening and stops speaking; when this distresses her mother even further, she runs away and is found by Hatsuharu. She also sees Hatsuharu as an older brother figure. Tohru Honda, who understands Kisa's distress because she was once bullied herself, helps Kisa to come out of her shell, and Kisa becomes very attached to Tohru, calling her "onee-chan" (translated as "big sister" in both the English manga and subtitled anime, and as "Sissy" in the English dubbed anime). She sometimes gets frustrated at Hiro because of his treatment of Tohru. Kisa likes Hiro and is hurt when he withdraws from her to protect her from Akito, much like Hatsuharu is hurt by Rin. As the series progresses, Kisa is shown struggling with her shyness, and feels it is a major accomplishment to greet Kyo directly, instead of relying on Hiro to speak for her. Kisa is a fan of a fictional anime series "Mogeta", which she sometimes watches with Tohru. She is called Sat-chan, using just the last syllable of her given name, by Shigure and Hiro's mother. Takaya derived her name from the second month, "kisaragi" or "changing clothes month," which is the month of the Tiger, of the traditional Japanese calendar. In the final chapter, she is seen holding Hiro's arm and they are presumed to be a couple.
Hiro Sohma.
, aged 11, is the Ram of the zodiac and loves Kisa more than anything. They were best friends in elementary school. When he told Akito that he was in love with Kisa, he became furious. Afterward, Kisa was beaten up by Akito (by "no reason" to her) but Hiro knew that his confession had led Akito to attacking Kisa. While visiting Kisa in the hospital, Hiro, shocked, confused, and sad, thought it would be better to stay away from Kisa. When they started middle school, Hiro ignored her, thinking that it would prevent her from anymore attacks from Akito. When he found out she was being picked on by the other kids, he could not do anything as it would be awkward for him to defend her suddenly after months of ignoring. Hiro accidentally witnessed Akito pushing Isuzu out of a window, which later causes Hiro some distress, because he found out about Hatsuharu and Isuzu dating, and witnessed Isuzu being pushed out of the window by Akito, something Haru would never forgive. Rin and Akito forced him not to tell Haru about the incident he had witnessed. He tends to criticize people and seems older than he really is, but frequently regrets what he says to others when he is made aware of how insensitive his remarks can be. In Chapter 118, he is freed from the curse before most of the zodiac, and the first thing he does is hold his infant sister, Hinata, for the first time. Natsuki Takaya derived his name from the seventh month, "fumihirogetsuki" or "month of publication," which is the month of the Goat, of the traditional Japanese calendar. In the final chapter, he and Kisa are presumed to be a couple due to her holding his arm and his affectionately comforting her.
Ritsu Sohma.
, aged 21, is the Monkey of the Chinese zodiac. He is depicted as a beautiful but unstable young man with very low self-esteem and a tendency to overreact. He apologizes frantically for everything, even things that are not his fault. In this, he takes after his mother, the hostess of the Sohma family's onsen, whose position he is in training to take over. Ritsu dresses in women's clothing because he says he then feels less pressure from society, and is initially mistaken for a woman by Tohru Honda because of his long hair and beauty. Most Sohmas call him "Rit-chan" and, to Shigure's amusement, Tohru calls him "Rit-chan-san" (see "Japanese honorifics"). Shigure likes to play with Ritsu's insecurities and gullibility, much as he does his editor, Mitsuru; when Ritsu and Mitsuru meet, they realize they have this in common., and in a bonus story in the first fan-book, he and Mitsuru are a couple. In the final chapter of the manga, Ritsu is giving Kagura one of his women's kimonos, has cut his hair short, and is not dressed like a girl. Natsuki Takaya derived his name from the eighth month, "odakaritsuki" or "rice harvest month," which is the month of the Monkey, of the traditional Japanese calendar. In an author's note, Takaya said that she regretted how little role Ritsu played in the main story, appearing a total of five times. 
Isuzu "Rin" Sohma.
, aged 17, is the Horse of the Chinese zodiac. She appears only in the manga. She is often called Rin because that is an alternate reading of 鈴, the second kanji of her given name. She is tall and initially has hip-length dark hair; according to an author's note, Natsuki Takaya initially designed her with very short hair but then made it long to mimic the blowing of a Horse's mane in the wind. Takaya's fans described Rin as "the character in charge of sexiness." Rin is depicted as stubborn and independent, to the point she cannot stand being dependent on someone else, traits associated with those born in her zodiac year; she is also sharp-tongued but concerned about others. When Rin was young her parents acted affectionate and devoted to her, unlike the parents of many cursed Sohmas, but when she asked if they were happy, the strain of pretending for her benefit shattered the facade, after which they neglected and abused her to the point she was hospitalized and developed panic disorder. After this her parents kicked her out and Rin moved into Kagura Sohma's home. Rin and Hatsuharu have a romantic and sexual relationship that began before the start of the series. When Akito finds out about it, Rin claims full responsibility to protect Hatsuharu, and to punish her Akito pushes Rin out a window; while recuperating in the hospital, Rin breaks up with Hatsuharu both to protect him and to avoid burdening him, but without explaining why. To free Hatsuharu, Rin starts searching for a way to break the curse, and asks Kazuma, Shigure, and Ren Sohma for help, though she resists the assistance of Tohru Honda, who she thinks is too nice than is good for herself. Ren offers to help if Rin steals a treasure (a black box) from Akito, but Rin is caught by Akito, who confines her in the cat's prison and cuts off her hair; after she is released by Kureno, she reconciles with Hatsuharu, accepting his support. She also accepts Tohru's assistance because of the latter's kindness, and grows as protective of her as of Hatsuharu, getting angry when someone upsets or hurts her. After the zodiac curse is broken, Rin cannot understand how others can move on as if Akito's abuse never happened, and in the final chapter she says she still gets angry. Takaya derived her name from the sixth month, "isuzukuretsuki" or "month of the last cool spring days," which is the month of the Horse, of the traditional Japanese calendar.
Kureno Sohma.
, aged 26, is the former Rooster of the Chinese zodiac. He appears only in the manga, but appeared in the anime as the finch constantly in Akito's company. According to Natsuki Takaya, while he was still cursed, he did not like others to see his animal form, which was a sparrow instead of a Rooster. He is depicted as a polite and selfless young man. Arisa Uotani describes Kureno as "like Tohru" because of his over-the-top politeness and scatterbrained idiosyncrasies, and Saki Hanajima and Akito Sohma both compare his selflessness to Tohru's. In his mid-teens, about ten years before the series begins, Kureno's curse was somehow broken, but because of Akito's distress he promised never to leave. Kureno and Akito have a sexual relationship, and when Shigure learned about it, some time before the start of the series, in retaliation he slept with Akito's mother, Ren. Akito keeps Kureno away from the rest of the family to hide that he is no longer cursed, and Kureno does most of Akito's work as the head of the family. As a result, Kureno is so sheltered he is 26 when he first visits a convenience store, where he meets Arisa. Despite their mutual attraction, he stays away from her because, he claims to Tohru, of his promise to Akito. However, when Akito locks Rin Sohma away for stealing her father's box, it is Kureno who frees her. As the zodiac curse begins breaking down, Kureno eventually admits he is partially responsible for keeping Akito coddled and fearful by being too obedient, and Akito angrily stabs him in the back. When Kureno is released from the hospital, he moves out of the Sohma compound with Arisa's help, and in the final chapter, Arisa is preparing to move in with him. In an author's note, Takaya described him as possibly the most lonely of those affected by the curse, because of his isolation. He never blames Akito for his injury and still feels a responsibility to care for her. He says the best thing he can do for her is to erase his existence. Hence his moving out of the Sohma home. Takaya derived his name from the third month of the traditional Japanese calendar, "kurenoharu" or "late spring"; he was supposed to have been named after the ninth month, the month of the Rooster, but according to the author, she mixed up his and Momiji's positions in the zodiac.
Kazuma Sohma.
When he was a child, during their only meeting, Kazuma was mean to his grandfather simply because his grandfather was cursed by the cat. His grandfather had offered him a sweet but Kazuma had rejected it, saying it was cursed, and instead of getting angry, his grandfather merely smiled and forgave him. His cruelty from their only meeting haunted him as he grew up and to make amends, after Kyo's mother died, he took in and raised Kyo, the current cat, as his foster son, and has come to think of him as his own son. Kazuma thinks well of Tohru and hopes her love for Kyo is sincere, and not based on pity like his grandmother's was towards his grandfather; both to test Tohru's feelings and to show Kyo he can be accepted by others despite his curse, Kazuma forces Kyo to show Tohru his true form. After Rin is hospitalized the second time during the series, he takes her in to recuperate so that she does not have to live inside the family compound, which he has done before. In the final chapter, Saki Hanajima has taken a job as a cook at Kazuma's dojo and it is implied they are in a relationship. 
Others.
Kakeru Manabe.
, aged 16–17, sometimes called "True Pot Flies" because of the kanji that make up his name, is vice president of the student council during Yuki Sohma's presidency. He only appears in the manga. He is depicted as alternately lazy and charismatically energetic, strongly reminding Yuki of his older brother, Ayame, whom Kakeru refers to as "commander". Yuki also compares Manabe's ability to make friends to Kyo's. Manabe sometimes claims the student council is a super-sentai–style "School Defense Force", and once tries to get the rest of the student council to pick their team colors, but that he called dibbs on black. When Yuki asked Manabe's younger half sister, Machi, What her favorite color is, Manabe later claimed that he knew that her favorite color was red. Though by saying so heavily implied that he knew about her crush on Yuki, who was decided by Manabe that his color, as president was red. In an author's note, Takaya calls him a good friend and evil comrade for Yuki. Manabe is Machi Kuragi's older half-brother by their mutual father's mistress, and protective of her because she is still affected by their mothers' fight, now ended, to have their own child named heir. He has a girlfriend named Komaki Nakao (whom he calls "Meat☆Angel" because of her love of meat). Tayaka notes that they "practically live together" as their mothers are both busy with work. Komaki's father drove the car that struck and killed Kyoko Honda, also killing himself. Manabe believed that Tohru thought that she was the only one affected by the accident and confronted Tohru on Komaki's behalf, saying that she was nauseating. He tells her that she is acting like she must carry the whole world's misfortune. However, Komaki was angry at him because he had disrespected Tohru's feelings. He realized that his feelings and Komaki's were not the same and vowed to understand other people better, and later apologizes to Tohru for his hurtful behavior. According to Komaki, Kakeru used to be a withdrawn, unapproachable person, but during middle school after withdrawing from the competition to be family heir he suddenly became the character Yuki meets. "Voiced by:" Kenichi Suzumura (Drama CD)
Machi Kuragi.
, aged 15, is treasurer of the student council during Yuki Sohma's presidency and a classmate of Hatsuharu and Momiji. She only appears in the manga. She is Kakeru Manabe's younger half-sister by their mutual father's wife. Machi is depicted as a quiet, nearly emotionless young woman with occasional destructive behavior, such as wrecking the student council room. She is afraid of perfection due to when she was competing for heir and was forced to act perfect. She has difficulty expressing herself, which sometimes results in Manabe making decisions for her. During their childhoods, their mothers competed to have their own child named heir, a struggle that ended when first Manabe withdrew himself from the running, then Machi's mother bore a son. Machi lives apart from her family because her mother believes she resents, and is a danger to, her younger brother for supplanting her, an accusation she did not contest even though it is wrong. 
Unlike most girls at school, she does not see Yuki as a prince, but as just another boy, even seeing him as being lonely. Her different attitude and troubled behavior catches Yuki's eye, and he makes multiple attempts at befriending her. When Yuki and Manabe visit Machi's apartment, Yuki learns that because of the pressure to be perfect when her mother was competing with Manabe's, Machi finds perfection so disturbing she has a compulsion to mar anything too orderly, such as trashing neat rooms, walking through newly-fallen snow, and breaking pieces of a new box of chalk. Machi develops feelings for Yuki, and when Tohru Honda is in the hospital and he needs to reach out to someone, Machi is able to confess to Yuki.
Machi is later Yuki's girlfriend Like the youngest Sohmas, Machi likes the fictional anime "Mogeta", and treasures two character figurines that Yuki gives her. "Voiced by:" Yuki Kaida (Drama CD)
Mitsuru.
, family name unknown, is Shigure Sohma's editor. Shigure playfully calls her Mit-chan. A stressed-out young woman, she is usually shown pleading with Shigure to finish a manuscript on time, in response to which Shigure either evades her or falsely claims he is not finished. His tormenting pushes her to threaten suicide more than once, and Natsuki Takaya said in an author's note that Mitsuru thinks Shigure is "evil." During one such episode, she meets Ritsu Sohma, with whom she later develops a romantic relationship. 
Mayuko Shiraki.
Shiraki is best friends with Kana, Hatori's former fiancee, and through her met Hatori, Shigure, and Ayame two years before the series begins. While Shiraki was attracted to Hatori, she was glad that Kana and Hatori were happy together. She dated Shigure for a month before breaking up, partly because Shigure was distant and partly because she was only dating him to alleviate her loneliness. She was at a loss when Kana and Hatori broke up, because Hatori had erased Kana's memory of the engagement. Shiraki still has feelings for Hatori, but resents Shigure's continuing interference in her life, even when it brings her closer to Hatori. In the final chapter, Shiraki and Hatori are shown as a couple, with Hatori inviting her on an Okinawa vacation.
Motoko Minagawa.
, aged 17–18, is the president of Yuki Sohma's fan club and a year ahead of him. As a devoted fan, she is depicted as obsessive and romantic. The fan club bans any member from being alone with their "prince" to keep him "safe" by preventing any one member from "stealing" him; as such, Motoko hates any girl who gets close to Yuki—in particular, Tohru Honda, Kimi Toudou, and Machi Kuragi. Motoko and the club vice-president, Minami Kinoshita, instigate multiple plots to undermine Tohru, including visiting Saki Hanajima, whom they see as protecting Tohru with her "poison waves," at home to find a weakness, and arranging to have Tohru cast as Cinderella's wicked stepsister to make her behave badly. In episode 18, after the first chapter ends, the doors that say the title of the series close causing her head to be stuck and her sidekicks pull her out in the process. The few times Motoko does speak with Yuki, she gets so overwrought that all she can do is talk about banal things, such as what he had for breakfast. At her graduation, she finally confesses to Yuki that she loves him, though she knows she cannot have him, and wishes him happiness in the future. 
Kimi Todo.
, aged 16–17, is one of the two student council secretaries during Yuki Sohma's presidency. She appears only in the manga. Kimi is depicted as an outgoing and fun-loving young woman. She is also manipulative and a mischief-maker: when Yuki first meets her, she manipulates him into sharing chocolates his fan club had just given to him. She often gives things naughty interpretations, and uses sex appeal to get her way—for example, she flirts with a teacher to get him to give the student council a new whiteboard. According to Kakeru Manabe, Kimi likes to seduce boys who already have girlfriends. According to an author's note, Kimi believes all men love her, and as long as they like her she can go out with as many people as she wants. She once tells the other student council members that she was encouraged to become the way she is by some girls once saying that if you have a pretty face, people are more willing to forgive you. Kimi sometimes speaks in third person, as in "Kimi wants this," which is a childish way of speaking in Japanese, and calls Yuki by the cutesy nickname Yun-Yun. She is good friends with Manabe and disliked by most of the girls in the school, especially Yuki's fan club. "Voiced by:" Yukari Tamura (Drama CD)
Naohito Sakuragi.
, aged 15–16, is the second of the two student council secretaries during Yuki Sohma's presidency. He appears only in the manga. When he meets Yuki, he claims he is Yuki's "rival" because he has a secret crush on Motoko Minagawa, president of the Yuki's fan club. Naohito is depicted as a no-nonsense and short-tempered young man who is frequently angered by Kakeru Manabe and Kimi Toudou's antics, and the author noted that she never drew him smiling. He works hard at his student council duties and absolutely refuses to call the council the "School Defense Force," as Manabe wants. Manabe and Kimi sometimes call him Chibi-suke ("chibi" meaning small, and "-suke" being a common masculine name-ending), which irritates him because he is sensitive about his short stature. "Voiced by:" Jun Fukuyama (Drama CD)

</doc>
<doc id="5947822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947822" title="Sirignano">
Sirignano

Sirignano is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. 
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947829" title="Sorbo Serpico">
Sorbo Serpico

Sorbo Serpico is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Three villages with the name Sorbo are Sorbo-Ocagnano on the island of Corsica, Sorbo Serpico in the region of Campania, and Sorbo San Basile in the region of Calabria. The word "sorbo" in Italian means "the service tree or the sorb-apple tree."
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947835" title="Summonte">
Summonte

Summonte is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. 
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947837" title="2005 CFU Club Championship">
2005 CFU Club Championship

The 2005 Caribbean Football Union Club Championship was an international club football competition held in the Caribbean to determine the region's qualifier to the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. The 2005 edition included 13 teams from 10 football associations, contested on a two-legged basis.
Trinidad and Tobago champion North East Stars, which was only in its fourth year of existence, was given a bye to the quarterfinals. The club then withdrew prior to the quarterfinals due to lack of financing. This allowed Surinamese champion Robinhood to eventually reach the final despite never playing a team from Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago.
After Robinhood stunned Jamaican champion Portmore United with a first-leg victory, Portmore recovered to win the tournament with a decisive 4-0 win in the return leg, thereby advancing to the 2006 CONCACAF Champions' Cup.
Final.
Portmore United 2005 CFU champions, advance to 2006 CONCACAF Champions' Cup quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="5947840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947840" title="Taurano">
Taurano

Taurano is a village and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The town lies in the Lauro Valley. It is bordered by Lauro, Monteforte Irpino, Moschiano, Pago del Vallo di Lauro and Visciano .
History.
Bronze Age remains have been found in the area of Taurano, whose name derives from Latin, either the surname "Taurus" or the gentilic "Taurius". It was a Samnite "oppidum", destroyed by Romans under Sulla during the Social War. It later became a summer resort, and two Roman villas have been found from this period, one in Torre and one in San Giovanni in Palco.
In the Middle Ages it was part of the Feud of Lauro. Villagers throughout the valley sought refuge in the mountains during the barbarian invasions. Under the administrative reforms of Joachim Murat (King of Naples 1808–15), Taurano and the rest of the Lauro Valley became part of the province of Terra di Lavoro.
In the 19th century Taurano offered shelter to brigands such as Fra Diavolo, and anti-Bourbon conspirators such as Father Angelo Peluso. After unification, Taurano become an autonomous Commune except for a brief interruption.
Notes and references.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947842" title="Those Were the Days (comic strip)">
Those Were the Days (comic strip)

Those Were the Days was a comic strip drawn by Art Beeman. The strip compared life in earlier times, apparently the late 19th century or very early 20th century, with "modern life", at the time of the strip's popularity, the 1950s and 1960s. The title of the strip was printed in an antique typeface. Between the "olden days" panel and the "modern" panel were the words, "But Now - Wow!", emphasizing the contrast between mores of different generations.

</doc>
<doc id="5947843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947843" title="Welch–Satterthwaite equation">
Welch–Satterthwaite equation

In statistics and uncertainty analysis, the Welch–Satterthwaite equation is used to calculate an approximation to the effective degrees of freedom of a linear combination of independent sample variances. 
For sample variances , each respectively having degrees of freedom, often one computes the linear combination
In general, the probability distribution of cannot be expressed analytically. However, its distribution can be approximated by another chi-squared distribution, whose effective degrees of freedom are given by the Welch–Satterthwaite equation 
There is "no" assumption that the underlying population variances are equal. 
The result can be used to perform approximate statistical inference tests. The simplest application of this equation is in performing Welch's t test.

</doc>
<doc id="5947844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947844" title="Taurasi">
Taurasi

Taurasi is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Taurasi is a historic town which is located in the region of Sannio. The town's name probably derives from the Latin "Taurus". Within time it changed to "Taurasos" and then to "Taurasia"(not to be confused with the Taurasia of the north founded by the Taurini (which is now Torino (Turin) before changing to the format we see today. Taurasi is best known for its wine. Taurasi has an increasingly famous red wine, also named Taurasi, made of Aglianico grapes along with Piedirosso and Barbera.
Wines.
Dominated by an ancient Longobard castle that was enlarged by the Normans, the community of Taurasi is the center of the production of the red wine of the same name. Taurasi is of extremely ancient origin. It is a wine of great body and structure, dry and austere, with an aromatic vein. The wine must be aged for three years, of which one in chestnut or oak casks. In the three succeeding years, the wine can be tasted in the fullness of its quality and is particularly good as an accompaniment to roasted red meats.
The variety from which it is made, Aglianico, is believed to have been introduced by Hellenic peoples around the time of the foundation of Cumae (Cuma). The variety is found in virtually the whole of southern Italy but the wines produced from it are considerably different, depending upon the places where the vines grow. However, Campania is clearly one of its best habitats. Aglianico has a cluster of medium size that is cylindrical-conical in shape. The grapes are round and blue in color.

</doc>
<doc id="5947852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947852" title="Orby">
Orby

__NOTOC__
Orby is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately east from the town of Spilsby, and west from the seaside resort of Skegness. The civil parish includes the hamlet of Habertoft, to the north-west. Orby lies within the Lincolnshire coast marshes.
History.
Orby is listed in the 1086 "Domesday Book" as "Heresbi", and in 1115 it was recorded as "Orreby".
The church, which is dedicated to All Saints, is a Grade II* listed building dating from the 13th century with later alterations and additions. The chancel was rebuilt in 1888.
Manor House Farm is a Grade II listed farmhouse dating from 1660, of red brick, which replaced an earlier medieval moated manor, the site of which is an ancient scheduled monument.
Orby County Primary School was originally built in 1837 as a National School. It was rebuilt in 1874 but closed only three years later. In 1878 it was reopened as the Orby Board School, after the formation of the Orby School Board that year. The School Boards were abolished in 1903, and the school underwent name changes before becoming Orby County Primary School in 1963. It closed on 22 July 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5947857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947857" title="Torella dei Lombardi">
Torella dei Lombardi

Torella dei Lombardi is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947862" title="Sperone">
Sperone

Sperone is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Avella, Baiano, Sirignano and Visciano.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947867" title="Torrioni">
Torrioni

Torrioni is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947868" title="August Kiuru">
August Kiuru

August Kiuru (July 12, 1922 – February 23, 2009) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won two silver medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1948 Winter Olympics and the 1956 Winter Olympics. He was born in Gromovo, Russia.
Kiuru also won three medals in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in the 4 x 10 km (1954), a silver in the 4 x 10 km (1950) and a bronze in the 15 km (1954).

</doc>
<doc id="5947873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947873" title="Vallata">
Vallata

Vallata is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947880" title="Vallesaccarda">
Vallesaccarda

Vallesaccarda is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
References.
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947884" title="Venticano">
Venticano

Venticano is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947888" title="Oops, Oh No!">
Oops, Oh No!

"Oops, Oh No!" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson and French disco singer Cerrone. It was released in 1986 as a 7" and 12" single. The song was remixed by British producer Simon Harris in 1986 and was the second release on his Music of Life label.
Song information.
Cerrone initially contacted Jackson's management with a song called "Talk to Me", which Jackson declined as it sounded too much like something sister Janet would record. "Talk To Me" was later released by Chico DeBarge. Cerrone offered Jackson “Oops” which she preferred as it was a "funky and danceable" track with a clever title.
"Oops, Oh No!" held the number 89 position on "Billboard's" Black Singles Chart for a fortnight from the week ending November 22 to the week ending November 29, 1986.
In 1991, the song was remixed without Cerrone's vocals in the Netherlands and was released under Jackson's name only. It peaked at #41 on the Dutch pop charts and #30 on Dutch dance charts. This re-release project probably came to life due to Jackson's huge popularity in the Netherlands in 1991. No official release was scheduled at that time, so the remix was quickly produced by a small Dutch record label.

</doc>
<doc id="5947889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947889" title="Trevico">
Trevico

Trevico is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947891" title="Symphony No. 7 (Schubert)">
Symphony No. 7 (Schubert)

Symphony No. 7 is the name given to a four-movement symphony in E major (D 729) drafted by Franz Schubert in August 1821. Although the work (which comprises about 1350 bars) is structurally complete, Schubert only orchestrated the slow introduction and the first 110 bars of the first movement. The rest of the work is, however, continued on 14-stave score pages as a melodic line with occasional basses or counterpoints, giving clues as to changes in orchestral texture.
Schubert seems to have laid the symphony aside in order to work on his opera "Alfonso und Estrella", and never returned to it. The manuscript was given by Schubert's brother Ferdinand to Felix Mendelssohn and was subsequently acquired by Sir George Grove, who bequeathed it to the Royal College of Music in London. There are at least three completions - by John Francis Barnett (1881), Felix Weingartner (1934) and Brian Newbould (1980). The work is now generally accepted to be Schubert's Seventh Symphony, an appellation which some scholars had preferred to leave for the chimerical 'Gastein Symphony' that was long believed to have been written and lost in 1824.
This symphony is scored for an even larger orchestral force than Schubert's eighth and ninth symphonies, having three trombones and four horns included.
Movements.
Unlike almost all movements in sonata form, there are no explicit transitions between sections in the Allegro. In both the opening and final movements, the statement of the first theme is elided from the recapitulation.

</doc>
<doc id="5947897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947897" title="Villamaina">
Villamaina

Villamaina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5947903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947903" title="Tamel">
Tamel

Tamel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947907" title="Villanova del Battista">
Villanova del Battista

Villanova del Battista is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947914" title="Volturara Irpina">
Volturara Irpina

Volturara Irpina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. It is located in the Monti Picentini area, at the foot of the Terminio.
Economy is based on the production of chestnut.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5947919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947919" title="Zungoli">
Zungoli

Zungoli is a town and "comune" in Italy in the province of Avellino about from the town of Avellino, the Chief Town. Zungoli is believed to have been settled around 900 AD. Many of the Italians in Dobbs Ferry in the U.S. state of New York are descendants of immigrants from Zungoli.
The population is about 1,400.

</doc>
<doc id="5947920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947920" title="Gaydar Radio">
Gaydar Radio

GaydarRadio was a British digital radio station for gay men, lesbians and gay friendly people, available on DAB multiplexes in London and Brighton and also online. It broadcast 24 hours a day, with live programming from 5am to midnight during the week, 7am to midnight at weekends. 
GaydarRadio, which was based in Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, ceased broadcasting on Monday 7 January 2013 when the station was acquired by Gaydio.
Format.
The station played a mix of dance and mainstream pop music, interspersed with chat and news. In contrast to much of the UK radio industry, the editorial focus is on personality rather than a strictly formatted music mix. This more relaxed style allows the presenters to talk with their listeners about gay life.
The music became more club-orientated during the late evenings and also at the weekend when "Club Nation" presents the best feel good music non stop. This music policy also got the station a huge following from the straight community.
The station encouraged interaction between presenters and listeners via text, email and online. It has a reach of 488,470 (Ipsos MORI/Rajar 18 May – 26 July 2010) listeners a week in the UK, plus another 2.2 million listening online around the world.
GaydarRadio was based in Twickenham in South West London, in a building called Queen's House, a name that provided a frequent source of amusement for the presenters.
In October 2007 the station relaunched its website as part of GaydarNation and the following month launched GaydarRadio Jukebox offering music downloads of its most popular tracks and exclusive mixes. GaydarRadio Jukebox ceased to exist in 2009, and has since been re-branded as part of 'CD Pool Sixpack' by its parent company.
In the autumn of 2011, GaydarRadio completely re-branded its online offering, removing the GaydarNation brand and merging the lifestyle portal with the main radio website. The refocussed GaydarRadio online brand now focusses almost entirely on gay news and music related showbiz news.
History.
The first proposals for an audio stream on the Gaydar website came from broadcaster Mark Ovenden and radio engineer Quentin Nield. Ovenden was at the time working at the Ministry of Sound Radio and set up a meeting in Spring 2000 between the owners of Gaydar and his boss James Bethel. Bethel proposed to provide the service to Gaydar for £100,000 annually which was clearly way too high for a fledging concept.
Instead GaydarRadio was started in 2001 as an internet-only station, being an audio offshoot of the dating website and completely independent of outside assistance. According to the first station director Jamie Crick, the entire station was originally played off a single PC on a table propped up with a gay clubbing directory.
Following its success, it moved onto the Sky platform in 2002 before leaving on 18 February 2011 after a "substantial decline" in its audience figures through the platform. Meanwhile another gay radio station called Purple Radio, which launched a few months before than Gaydar Radio with the backing of Kelvin MacKenzie and Lord Waheed Alli, was broadcasting as part of a bouquet of services provided by the Digital Radio Group (then part of the GWR Group). Purple was run from the Hanover Grand nightclub and tried a number of pioneering nightly broadcasts from gay bars and clubs but this proved far too costly and the station took the decision to merge with Gaydar Radio. Gaydar Radio took the decision not to continue with Purple Radio as a separate output and put in a successful submission to the Radio Authority to take over Purples' frequency, and gained a DAB outlet on the London 3 Digital multiplex in 2004.
In 2003 while Bethel was working at Capital Radio group, Gaydar Radio was part of a successful application to be on the Sussex Coast DAB multiplex - part of this deal was an unrealised provisional agreement for the Capital group to find space to add the GaydarRadio service to its bouquet available on the Greater Manchester multiplex.
In 2006 the station won Best Radio Station at the BT Digital Music Awards.
At the 2007 Sony Radio Academy Awards (the UK Broadcasting "Oscars"), GaydarRadio went on to win Digital Terrestrial Station of the Year. It also collected the same award at the 2007 and 2008 Commercial Radio 'Arqiva' Awards.
On 3 January 2013 QSoft announced that the DAB licences for London and the Sussex Coast would be transferred to Gaydio from 7 AM on 7 January 2013. The Twickenham studio will be closed and all programming will be controlled from Manchester.
On 4 January 2013, during Gaydar Radio's live broadcasting hours between 7 AM and 10 PM, the presenters and fans celebrated an emotional goodbye. Phil Marriott, who is on air between 6 and 10 PM on weekday extended his last show by 1 hour. Live broadcasting on the station ended at 11 PM on 4 January, with the weekend consisting of pre-recorded material and automated playlists. 
In the final breakfast show, Gaydio's John Ryan assured listeners that they can expect a similar playlist from Gaydio and that due to the licence requirements for the station's FM frequency in Manchester, there will be local opt outs. Gaydio will also provide streaming on the Gaydar dating websites.

</doc>
<doc id="5947923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947923" title="Torre Le Nocelle">
Torre Le Nocelle

Torre Le Nocelle is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. 
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5947926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947926" title="Ordway">
Ordway

Ordway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5947937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947937" title="Butch Alberts">
Butch Alberts

Francis Burt Alberts (born May 4, 1950) is a former designated hitter in Major League Baseball. He played professionally for 
the Toronto Blue Jays.
Biography.
Alberts was born in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States. He graduated from Gettysburg High School in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in 1968, and was selected to play the Big 33 Football Classic as a wide receiver. Following high school, he played football and baseball at the University of Cincinnati.
He was the 28th round pick in the 1972 amateur draft of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
His only major league appearances occurred with the Toronto Blue Jays in 1978. He appeared in six games for the Blue Jays, hitting .278 for his career. He was later traded to the California Angels, but did not appear in any major league games with them.

</doc>
<doc id="5947952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947952" title="Yes, I'm Ready">
Yes, I'm Ready

"Yes, I'm Ready" is the title of a popular song that was written and originally recorded by Barbara Mason in 1965. It has been covered by numerous artists, and was a hit single for Teri DeSario and K.C. in 1979 when they recorded a duet version.
Barbara Mason.
Mason, a soul / R&B singer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, had released a few singles while she was a teenager in the mid-1960s. "Yes, I'm Ready" became Mason's first big hit on the music charts, peaking at No. 2 on the "Billboard" R&B chart and No. 5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the summer of 1965. While Mason would continue recording into the 1980s, this song has been her highest charting hit. Mason later re-recorded the song for her 1973 album, "Give Me Your Love". the Key personnel who helped bring this hit recording to life later became the important creators of the "Philly Sound". those people include Kenny Gamble as a backup singer, Bobby Eli and Norman Harris on guitar, Ronnie Baker on bass and Earl Young on drums (Eli, Harris and Baker later on became principal members of MFSB and Kenny Gamble would co-found Philadelphia International Records with Leon Huff).
Teri DeSario.
DeSario, a vocalist from Miami, Florida, was a high school classmate of Casey, best known as the lead vocalist and songwriter for KC and the Sunshine Band. Casey liked the original recording and wanted to record a cover version of the song, and he was producing DeSario's second studio album, "Moonlight Madness", for Casablanca Records. Neil Bogart, president of the record label, had an idea to record the song as a duet, and it was the first single released from the album in late 1979. Their version of the song spent two weeks at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in March 1980, kept from the summit by "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" by the rock group Queen. It also spent two weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart and reached No. 20 on the "Billboard" R&B chart, earning Gold Record certification from the RIAA.
Other versions.
"Yes, I'm Ready" has been covered by other artists, including Mona Carita (fi) (as "Tahdon"), Shirley Ellis, Gladys Knight and the Pips, Maureen McGovern, Jeffrey Osborne, and Carla Thomas. It was recorded as a duet by the artist Jed and American singer La Toya Jackson. This single was released only in 7" format in Japan, where it failed to chart. It was not included on any of Jackson's albums and includes the instrumental version on the B-side. In 1997, teenage singing sensation Kimberly Scott, mostly known for her hit “Tuck Me In”, remade this song with Taiwanese musician Harlem Yu, which was included in Harlem Yu's 1997 English cover album "Harlem Music Channel".
References.
3.^http://popdose.com/soul-serenade-barbara-mason-yes-im-ready/

</doc>
<doc id="5947955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947955" title="GWR 3000 Class">
GWR 3000 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 3000 Class was a class of 2-8-0 steam locomotive consisting of the ex-Railway Operating Division ROD 2-8-0.
The GWR borrowed several ROD 2-8-0s during the First World War but these were returned to the government after the end of the war. In 1919, GWR bought 20 virtually new RODs, and numbered them 3000-19. A further 84 were hired in July 1919, and were numbered 3020-99 and 6000-3, but these were returned in October 1922. In 1925, the GWR bought 80 engines (including some previously hired) and numbered them 3020-99.
Overhaul and sorting.
In 1926/7 the GWR sorted their RODs into two batches. The original 3000-19 and 3020-49 were considered good engines and given proper overhaul and Swindon fittings, including top feed and brass safety valve casing. The remainder were renumbered 3050-3099, given a light overhaul and then ran until they failed, when they were withdrawn — all were gone by 1930. There was some swapping of numbers, so that engines in better condition were given the lower numbers. The leading dimensions of the GWR 3000 Class were the same as the GCR Class 8K except that the GWR increased the boiler pressure to 185 psi which increased the tractive effort to 32,200 lb.
World War II.
The GWR borrowed 30 Class O4 from the LNER in 1940 but returned them between 1941 and 1943.
British Railways.
Forty-six of the RODs entered British Railways service in 1948. Five locomotives (numbers 3011, 3015, 3024, 3036 and 3041) were still in service in 1957 but they had all gone by 1960. None of the GWR RODs has survived to preservation.
Modelling.
In November 2011, Bachmann released a 00 gauge ready to run model of the 3000 class. This complements kits in various gauges.

</doc>
<doc id="5947957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947957" title="Tout près du bonheur">
Tout près du bonheur

"Tout près du bonheur" (meaning "So Close to Happiness") is a duet between Marc Dupré and Céline Dion, released as a music download on April 11, 2006 in Quebec, Canada. It is the fourth single from Dupré's debut album "Refaire le monde", released on October 18, 2005.
"Tout près du bonheur" was composed in 2000 by Céline Dion for Marc Dupré and Anne-Marie Angelil's wedding. Dion performed it after the ceremony. During the recording of his first album in 2005, Dupré asked Céline Dion for permission to cover the song. The mother-in-law accepted it at once and recorded background vocals. Tino Izzo produced the track.
Dupré collaborated with Dion already in the past. He was the opening act for her concerts at the Paris Olympia in 1994. They also performed a live duet in April 2002 on "Sous le vent." It was during the widely popular Quebec karaoke game show, "La fureur", held at the Bell Centre in Montreal and broadcast on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
There are two recorded versions of "Tout près du bonheur." First can be found on Marc Dupré's debut album, released in 2005. Second one, rock version, was released as a radio and digital download in Quebec in 2006. There is also third but only live version of that song. It was performed on April 30, 2006 by both artists at the Gala Artists in Quebec and featured more vocals from Dion (a whole second verse). On December 22, 2006, Céline Dion and Marc Dupré performed the latter version also during his concert at the Lionel-Groulx Theater in Sainte-Thérèse, Quebec, and later during Dion's historic performance in front of 250,000 spectators to celebrate Quebec's 400th anniversary, which was included on "Céline sur les Plaines" DVD.
The music video was supposed to be shot in the Mojave Desert but because of Dion's health conditions it was directed May 8, 2006 at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, Las Vegas by Ivan Grbovic. 
"Tout près du bonheur" topped the Quebec radio charts in June 2006 for three weeks. 
On October 23, 2006, Dion and Dupré won a SOCAN Award as composers of "Tout près du bonheur."
Later Dupré wrote music for "On s'est aimé à cause," a song which appeared on Dion's 2007 album "D'elles". This track was also produced by Tino Izzo.
Formats and track listings.
Canadian promotional CD single

</doc>
<doc id="5947960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947960" title="Mount Hopeless (South Australia)">
Mount Hopeless (South Australia)

Mount Hopeless () is in the Flinders Ranges in South Australia, south-west of Lake Blanche. It is little more than a stony rise of 127 metres. It was over-named by the explorer Edward Eyre.
In June 1840, Eyre left Adelaide with the aim of leading an expedition to the ‘centre’ of the Australian continent – the first colonist to make such an attempt. But in early September he was in despair. The land was dry. Most of the water he encountered was salty and it seemed to him that Adelaide was cut off from the interior by a great horseshoe shaped salt lake. On 2 September that year he climbed a stony rise which he named ‘Mount Hopeless’. As he explained, ‘cheerless and hopeless indeed was the prospect before us.’ The great salt lake, he went on, ‘was now visible to the north and to the east; and I had at last ascertained, beyond all doubt, that its basin, commencing near the head of Spencer's Gulf, and following the course of Flinders range (bending round its northern extreme to the southward), constituted those hills the termination of the island of South Australia, for such I imagine it once to have been. This closed all my dreams as to the expedition...’ (Edward Eyre, "Journals Of Expeditions Of Discovery Into Central Australia")
Robert O'Hara Burke tried several times to reach this outpost in 1861 when he became stranded with William Wills and John King on Cooper Creek but he failed and returned to Cooper Creek, where he and Wills died shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="5947967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947967" title="Chelsea Collection">
Chelsea Collection

The Chelsea Collection is a priceless anthology of prints and pictures of old Chelsea. Begun in 1887, it contains works by artists as notable and diverse as Rossetti and Whistler. During his time at the Library, Armitage Denton built the Collection assiduously, so that by the time of his death in July 1949 it numbered more than 1,000 items. At the end of the 20th century, the Collection totalled more than 5,000 works, and it continues to grow.

</doc>
<doc id="5947968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947968" title="Erling Evensen">
Erling Evensen

Erling Evensen (April 29, 1914 – July 31, 1998) was a Norwegian cross-country skier who competed during the 1940s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. Evensen also finished 15th in the 18 km event at those same games.

</doc>
<doc id="5947972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947972" title="SATM mine">
SATM mine

The SATM mine is a Chinese copy of the AT2 scatterable anti-tank mine. It is scattered either from a mine scattering vehicle or by 122 mm Type 84 rockets which hold eight mines each. The mine functions in the same way as the AT-2 with a seismic sensor that activates the mine and a magnetic influence sensor combined with a "scraping wire" sensor to ensure optimum detonation. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947975" title="Oda Krohg">
Oda Krohg

Oda Krohg, "née" Othilia Pauline Christine Lasson (11 June 1860 – 19 October 1935) was a Norwegian painter, and the wife of her teacher and colleague Christian Krohg. 
Biography.
She was the second daughter of public attorney Christian Lasson and Alexandra von Munthe af Morgenstierne. Her maternal grandmother was a Russian princess. She grew up in a liberal-conservative household, along with eight sisters and two brothers. Her brother Per Lasson became a noted composer and her sister Caroline Bokken Lasson a singer and writer.
In 1881 she married the businessman Jørgen Engelhardt (1852–1921), with whom she had two children. She split from Engelhardt in 1883, and divorced him in 1888. In 1885 she became a student of Erik Werenskiold and Christian Krohg, the latter she would marry in October 1888. In 1885, their daughter Nana was born, and in 1889, their son Per, who also would be a known painter. In the period 1901–1909, the family lived in Paris.
In Edvard Munch's etching "kafeinteriør" (1893), Oda is surrounded by bohemians and people close to them: Munch, Christian Krohg, Jappe Nilssen, Hans Jæger, Gunnar Heiberg and Jørgen Engelhardt. Oda is said to have had affairs with all of these men apart from Munch. In his book "Syk Kjærlihet" ("Diseased Love", 1893), Hans Jæger describes a love triangle where he was strongly in love with a woman who was to marry a painter. Oda is said to have been the model for the woman, and the book describes the relation between Jæger, Oda and Christian during the summer and autumn of 1888.
In the 1890s the Krohgs moved to Berlin. During a quarrel with August Strindberg, who became provoked when Oda tuned his guitar in front of the guests at a party at Strindberg's favorite bar, "Zum Schwarzen Ferkel", the dramatist Gunnar Heiberg defended her. August Strindberg was known for his bad temper and his several conflicts with others, for no particular reason. She and Heiberg soon fell in love and in 1897, she took one of her children, her son Per, and moved to Paris with Heiberg. Her husband took a position as an art instructor at Académie Colarossi in Paris not long thereafter and Oda obtained an artist's studio in Montparnasse. Within a short time she became acquainted with some of the leading artists in the city, including Henri Matisse. In 1903 she showed at the Salon de Paris, and a year later held her first exhibition at the Salon d'Automne, where she continued to be regularly involved until 1909. During this time she was in a relationship with the poet and art critic Jappe Nilssen. Oda separated from him and returned to her husband. A little while later they returned to Oslo.
Works.
Having little formal art education, she quickly absorbed the knowledge of the artistic environment she was a part of. 
Her debut was in 1886 with "Ved Kristianiafjorden (Japansk lykt)" («By the Oslofjord (Japanese lantern)»), which now is stored in the National Gallery of Norway. Her first years as an artist are seen as an example of new Romantic painting. Her later portrait works make another, more robust impression.
Oda Krohg is known for her landscapes, among them "Ved Kristianiafjorden (Japansk lykt)" and "Ved engen (Kinesisk lykt)" («On the meadow (Chinese lantern)», 1889) and other works like "En abonnent på Aftenposten" («A subscriber to the "Evening Post"», 1887), "Fra festen" («From the party», 1892) and "Rouge et Noir" (1912) and the brave "Christian Krohg på Karl Johan" («Christian Krohg at Karl Johansgate», 1912). She also painted portraits of, among others, Aasta Hansteen, Ivar Arosenius, Gunnar Heiberg, Johanne Dybwad and Christian Krohg. 
Oda was also a central figure in the anti-culture movement of the Christiania Bohemians («Kristiania-bohemen») in the 1880s and 1890s. Her public image as the "Bohemian Princess" has to some extent obscured the impression of a competent painter. 
Despite her wish to become a writer, she published very little during her lifetime.
Her life is described in Ketil Bjørnstad's novel "Oda!" (1983). She is buried at the National Cemetery (Æreslund) at Vår Frelsers gravlund in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="5947976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947976" title="Mount Hopeless (Queensland)">
Mount Hopeless (Queensland)

Mount Hopeless () is a mountain in the Murweh Shire of Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="5947985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947985" title="Mount Hopeless (Victoria)">
Mount Hopeless (Victoria)

Mount Hopeless () is a mountain in Victoria, Australia. It is in a range on the eastern side of the Tambo River near Mount Bindi, Mount Tongio, and Mount Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="5947988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947988" title="The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond">
The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond

"The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond", or simply "Loch Lomond" for short, is a well-known traditional Scottish song (Roud No. 9598) first published in 1841 in "Vocal Melodies of Scotland". (Loch Lomond is the largest Scottish loch, located between the counties of Dunbartonshire and Stirlingshire.) In Scotland, the song is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry (a dance party or dinner, etc.).
The song has been recorded by many performers over the years, including the rock band AC/DC, jazz singer Maxine Sullivan (for whom it was a career-defining hit), the Mudmen, and Scottish-Canadian punk band The Real McKenzies. Both Runrig and Quadriga Consort used to perform Loch Lomond as their concert's final song. 
Origins.
The original composer is unknown, as is definitive information on any traditional lyrics. This well known English chorus, while not original, is included here as it is most familiar:
Andrew Lang.
About 1876, the Scottish poet and folklorist Andrew Lang wrote a poem based on the song titled "The Bonnie Banks o' Loch Lomond". The title sometimes has the date "1746" appended—the year of the defeat of Bonnie Prince Charlie's rebellion and the hanging of some of his captured supporters. Lang's poem begins:
Morag—"great one" in Gaelic—referred to Bonnie Prince Charlie, who fled to France after his forces were defeated. "Lawing" means "reckoning" in Scots. The poem continues:
"Wuddy" means "hangman´s rope", according to Lang's own notes on the poem; "dawing" is "dawn". The poem continues with the song's well-known chorus, then explains why the narrator and his true love will never meet again:
The poem's narrator vows to take violent revenge on the English:
"Sergeant Môr" is John Du Cameron, a supporter of Bonnie Prince Charlie who continued fighting as an outlaw until he was hanged in 1753.
Interpretation.
There are many theories about the meaning of the song, most of which are connected to the Jacobite Uprising of 1745. One interpretation based on the lyrics is that the song is sung by the lover of a captured Jacobite rebel set to be executed in London following a show trial. The heads of the executed rebels were then set upon pikes and exhibited in all of the towns between London and Edinburgh in a procession along the "high road" (the most important road), while the relatives of the rebels walked back along the "low road" (the ordinary road travelled by peasants and commoners). 
Another interpretation of the 'Low Road' is that it refers to the traditional underground route taken by the 'fairies' or 'little people' who were reputed to transport the soul of a dead Scot who died in a foreign land - in this case, England - back to his homeland to rest in peace.
Another similar interpretation also attributes it to a Jacobite Highlander captured after the 1745 rising. The Hanoverian British victors were known to play cruel games on the captured Jacobites, and would supposedly find a pair of either brothers or friends and tell them one could live and the other would be executed, and it was up to the pair to decide. Thus the interpretation here is that the song is sung by the brother or friend who chose or was chosen to die. He is therefore telling his friend that they will both go back to Scotland, but he will go on the 'low road' or that of the dead, and be home first. Another supporting feature of this is that he states he will never meet his love again in the temporal world, on Loch Lomond. Some believe that this version is written entirely to a lover who lived near the loch.
A related interpretation holds that a professional soldier and a volunteer were captured by the English in one of the small wars between the countries in the couple of hundred years prior to 1746. Volunteers could accept parole, a release contingent on the volunteer's refusal to rejoin the fighting, but regulars could not and so could face execution. The volunteer would take the high road that linked London and Edinburgh while the soul of the executed regular would return along the "low road" and would get back to Scotland first.
Arrangements and recordings.
"Loch Lomond" has been arranged and recorded by many composers and performers over the years, in styles ranging from traditional Scottish folk to barbershop to rock and roll.
Other performers include: Paul Robeson, with Harriet Wingreen on piano; John Barrowman; The Corries; Matt McGinn, John McDermott; Moira Kerr and the King's Singers.
"Red Is the Rose".
The Irish variant of the song is called "Red Is the Rose" and is sung with the same melody but different (although similarly themed) lyrics. It was popularized by Irish folk musician Tommy Makem. Even though many people mistakenly believe that Makem wrote "Red is the Rose", it is a traditional Irish folk song.
The chorus of "Red Is the Rose" is:
This version was also reworked by the Scottish Musician Alastair McDonald, who set it by Loch Lomond, too. This chorus was:
Lyrics.
Come over the hill, my bonnie Irish lass 
Come over the hill to your darling 
You chose a rose love and I have made a vow 
Thet she'll be my true love forever 
T'was down by Killarney's green woods that we strayed 
And the moon and the stars they were shining 
The moon shone its rays on her locks of golden hair 
And she swore she'd be my love forever. 
It's not for the parting that my sister pains 
It's not for the grief of my mother 
It is all for the loss of my bonnie Irish lass 
That my heart is breaking forever. 

</doc>
<doc id="5947992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947992" title="9618 Johncleese">
9618 Johncleese

9618 Johncleese is an asteroid in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Name.
Johncleese is named after British comedian John Cleese. The asteroid is one of many main belt List of minor planets named after people. It is the second in a series of six asteroids carrying the names of members of the Monty Python comedy troupe:
Discovery.
Johncleese was discovered on 17 March 1993, at the European Southern Observatory during the Uppsala-ESO Survey of Asteroids and Comets (UESAC). Its initial designation was .

</doc>
<doc id="5947993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947993" title="Luciana Littizzetto">
Luciana Littizzetto

Luciana Littizzetto (born 29 October 1964 in Turin, Piedmont) is an Italian comedy actress and writer. She grew up in the San Donato District, where her family owned a milk and cheese shop.
Luciana graduated in 1984 from Torino Conservatory with a piano playing degree. She later obtained a Bachelor's degree from the University of Turin, College of Letters and also attended an acting school in Moncalieri, a suburb of Turin.
She became a school teacher, but kept her stand-up comedy and acting skills in check, by performing at local theaters in Turin and province. Television appearances on "The Maurizio Costanzo Show" allowed her to eventually give up on the teaching career and focus on her entertainer talents.
In 1993, she was part of the "Cielito Lindo" TV show cast, playing the sketch character Sabrina. As such she had her first catch phrase: "Minchia Sabbry!" Luciana Littizzetto is very famous in Italy for her irreverent gags, where she lampoons government ministers and church prelates alike.
She created numerous famous characters and entertained the Italian public with her fertile and varied television, film, theater and literary work.
In recent years, together with moderate TV personality Fabio Fazio on the TV show "Che tempo che fa" she brings attention to cultural, social and political facts that confirm her as a prominent mind of contemporary Italy. In 2013, she presented the 63rd edition of the Sanremo Music Festival along with Fazio.
She has written several best selling books and describes herself as an animal lover.
In 2007, Luciana Littizzetto was honored by the President of the Italian Republic, Giorgio Napolitano, with the prestigious De Sica award, given for best cultural and entertainment achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="5947994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947994" title="Orrick">
Orrick

Orrick may refer to:
See Also:

</doc>
<doc id="5947995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5947995" title="Renault F-Type engine">
Renault F-Type engine

F Renault engine is an automotive internal combustion engine, four-stroke, with 4 cylinders in line bored directly into the iron block, water cooled, with tree (s) driven overhead camshafts (s) by a belt distribution belt with an aluminum cylinder head, overhead valve, developed and produced by Renault in the early '80s, making its appearance on the Renault 9 and Renault 11. This engine is available in petrol and diesel versions, with 8 or 16 valves.
History.
In December 1982, the Renault Board proposed a new 1596 cm3 diesel 55 bhp for the Renault 9. It will be known as "F8M" 2. The new 1.6 D designed by engineer George Douin and his team engine turns a page in the history of Renault, the latter effect was not long ago created an entirely new engine design fully Renault. In addition, this unique diesel break with some old habits home, especially regarding the machining of cylinder engine since it has no removable shirts so often touted by Renault to promote easy exchange so-called " shots whip " technicians considered that this argument had lost much of its appeal thanks to advances in technology metals that significantly slow the wear of rubbing parts machined. This modern 4- cylinder naturally adopts a camshaft in head which the drive is operated through a toothed belt that also controls diesel injection pump. A second belt rotates the alternator and water pump, while a vacuum pump located at the rear for the brake assist by Master Vac. The cast iron block is topped by a light alloy cylinder head Ricardo Comet prechamber. In practice, this new engine will prove little greedy. This is the first real diesel Renault engine, since the engine J8S 2.1 D Renault 20 and Renault 30 was produced by the French Society of Mechanical. The engine of the Renault F8M 9 is disposed under the hood transversely inclined at 12 ° towards the rear. A few months after the release of the Renault 9 Diesel, the Renault 11 was launched in April 1983, which will adopt the new diesel later in the fall of 1983.
In the fall of 1983, Renault launched its new petrol engine " F2N " of 1721 cm3 with dual carburetor body whose base is that of F8M 1.6- D, it has an architecture with diesel-type combustion chambers integrated with pistons, which is not common on a petrol engine. He appears on " Renault 11 GTX ", " Renault 11 TXE " futuristic " R11 TXE Electronic " with digital meter and speech synthesis. In February 1984, the Renault 9 in turn adopts the " F2N " 1.7-liter engine for its new versions " R9 GTX " and " R9 TXE ." Until the arrival of F2N engine, the Renault 9 and Renault 11 species, were equipped only Cléon-Fonte engine 1108 cm3 and 1397 cm3 with lateral camshaft, which were of old design, since this engine had appeared in 1962 on the Renault 8 and Renault Floride. For the highest ranges of the Renault 9 and Renault 11 versions, it was necessary to have a more powerful engine and especially more modern design, which is the role of F2N engine. Versions Cléon-Fonte engines are naturally preserved and also later versions sport " Renault 9 Turbo " and " Renault 11 Turbo " will be equipped with Cléon-Fonte 1.4-liter engine with a Garrett turbo.
F2N in that the motor is designed on a diesel engine, makes it a very strong engine, but with the bolt in its design which places the manifold just above the exhaust manifold, causing heating the base of the carburetor has long deforms and created an area outlet.
Thereafter, the F8M D 1.6 diesel engine will also equip the Super 5 Express (Rapid / Extra), and the Volvo 340 and Volvo 360. The petrol engine of 1721 cm3 F2N equip Renault 21, Super 5, Renault 19, Clio 1, Volvo 340, Volvo 360 and also the Volvo 440, 460 and 480 Coupe (in this Volvo engine will name B18KP). A version with single -barrel carburetor of 1721 cm3 petrol Renault Trafic equip some 1 and some R21, it will take the engine such as " F1N ." The 1721 cm3 petrol version also exists mutipoint injection, it will take the engine such as " F3N " will equip the U.S. versions of Renault 9 and Renault 11 (Renault Alliance and Renault Encore) or U.S. R21 (Renault Medallion) and Renault Super 5 11 GTE and GTE will be sporting versions of R11 and Super 5 in some countries such as Switzerland and Germany, as turbo engines carburetor no longer meet the pollution standards in these countries, so the Super 5 GTE will be sold instead of the Super 5 GT Turbo and GTE R11 instead of R11 Turbo.
Volvo turbo even grafted on 1721 cm3 with multipoint fuel injection and engine types will "B18FT" (name Volvo), and equip the coupe Volvo 480 Turbo, the 440 Turbo Volvo and Volvo 460 Turbo. These engines are often sought to make swaps on Super 5 GT Turbo, Renault 9 Turbo and Renault 11 Turbo.
Nowadays the engine's are produced in the engine manufacturing facility at Cléon, near to Rouen in Normandy.
Evolution.
Diesel versions.
Beginning in 1987, the 1.6D undergoes changes to make it more quiet. This F8M second generation will unfortunately weaker at the cylinder head and head gasket. More asbestos will be dropped, which will exacerbate the problems of cylinder head gaskets. Externally, a second generation F8M detected by its cylinder head cover 6 which is secured by small screws, while a first generation F8M 3 has closed nuts for securing the valve cover, the housing for dispensing a F8M second generation part has a non-painted around the injection pump, while a first generation F8M the casing has completely black distribution.
In 1988, Renault launched the Renault 19 in place of R9 and R11, the F8M 1.6 D developing 55 bhp diesel engine of its predecessors is not powerful enough to equip the heavier R19, Renault changes the race and bore of 1.6 D, to obtain 1870 cm3 (1.9 D) which will give rise to F8Q developing 65 hp. This engine will also equip engine eventually the Clio 1, Clio 2 Express (Rapid / Extra), R21, Kangoo, Megane 1 and Traffic 1. A deflated version producing 55 Ch din will appear in the 90s. The problems keep F8Q heads and heads of seals F8M second generation.
End of 1988, a turbocharged version of the 1.9 D is sold on the R19, the engine will F8QT engine types, it will develop 95 HP din. It will also equip Megane 1, and the Volvo 440, Volvo 460, Volvo S40 and V40.
In the fall of 1997, Renault team are 1.9 dT a Direct injection, which gave birth to the first Renault engine with direct injection, the 1.9 dTi, it will take F9Q engine types. It will equip the Mégane 1 1 Scénic, Laguna 1, Clio Kangoo 1 and 2, and the Volvo S40 and V40.
In July 1999, his team 1.9 dTi the principle of common rail (common rail) high pressure, giving birth to the first dCi engine, the 1.9 dCi kind F9Q. It will appear on the Laguna 1 Phase 2. The 1.9 dCi also equip the last two phases 1 Mégane Scénic 1 Phase 2, Laguna 2, 2 Mégane, Scénic 2, Area 3, Area 4, Traffic 2, Master 2, Volvo S40, Volvo V40, Suzuki Grand Vitara, and Nissan Primera ...
Gasoline versions.
In 1986, the Renault 21, 2.0 appears, with a displacement of 1965 cm3, F2R type such as a twin-barrel carburetor and F3R type injection version. The F3R of 1965 cm3 also equip Renault Alliance GTA in North America.
In 1989, Renault launched the sports version of the Renault 19, replacing the Renault 9 Turbo and Renault 11 Turbo. Renault abandons its legendary 1.4 Cléon-Fonte turbo carburetor in favor of a multi-valve engine and multipoint injection, it will be an evolution of the engine of 1721 cm3 F2N, the race remains the same, but the bore is increased, giving a displacement of 1764 cm3, topped by a 16-valve cylinder head that will equip the R19 16S. This engine F7P 140 bhp also equip the Clio 16S in February 1991, replacing the Super 5 GT Turbo. In July 1992, the Clio 16S and 16S R19 are fitted as standard with a catalytic converter, in order to comply with pollution standards applicable to 1 January 1993, which makes them lose 3 c.
Clio Williams appeared in 1993. As its name suggests it, the Renault Clio Williams was not designed to celebrate titles gleaned in Formula 1 with the team of Frank Williams, but before any approval for competition (2500 minimum copies required). In order to run in Group A, Renault needs a 2.0-liter engine to be the best equipped in its class. So starting the engine block F7P the Renault Clio 16S Renault will develop its 1998 cm3 F7R 150 bhp. The increase in capacity will then pass logically by reaming of 0.7 mm and with the adoption of a Clio diesel crankshaft to get the race 83.5 to 93 mm. This crankshaft "road" original thus better cash constraints to the increased torque will now reach 175 Nm at 4 500 r / min. The F7R also equip Mégane 1 off.
At 1 January 1993, all species cars must be equipped with a fuel injection system and a catalytic converter, on this occasion the F2N of 1721 cm3 see its increased bore and has a cylinder capacity of 1794 cm3. It will bring the engine such as "F3P" on the Renault Clio 1 and 19, and "B18U" on the Volvo 440 and Volvo 460. In contrast, the Renault 21, then at retirement retains its 1721 cm3, but with the injection (type motor F3N), Volvo will also retain the 1721 cm3 injection (type motor B18EP), alongside the new 1794 cm3. In 1994, the Laguna will be equipped with one engine F3P.
Volvo also marketed a 1596 cc petrol version with multipoint injection, sold as the "B16F" in Volvo nomenclature. It was installed in the Volvo 440 and 460 models. Peculiarly, this engine has the same bore and stroke (and resulting displacement) as the diesel F8M engine.
Version 8 valves engine F7R Clio Williams 115 bhp will appear on Laguna 1, it will also equip the Mégane 1 Scenic Area 1 and 3, it will be known as "F3R." The Volvo 440, 460 and 480, this engine will be known as "B20F". The new 1998 cc F3R replaced the old 1965 cc F3R engine.
The F4P first appeared in 1998, in the Phase 2 model of the first generation Laguna. This new 16 valve 1.8 (1783 cc) also equips the first Mégane Scénic and the second generation Laguna. At the same time, the bigger F4R is installed in the Laguna and Espace (third generation), the engine is the same size as the F7R (1998 cc) as in the Clio Williams. It ends up also being installed in the second and third generation Mégane as well as the second Laguna. The specificity of F4P and F4R engines is that they have a 16-valve cylinder head, similar to the K4J and K4M versions of Renault's K engine.
In 1999, the F5R engine appeared. This is an F7R engine, equipped with direct injection. This 16 valve DI engine is installed in the Megane coupé and convertible, as well as the Laguna 2. This was the first production French petrol engine with direct injection.
In 2001, Renault launched the Clio 2 RS, powered by the 1998 cc F4R 16 valve engine with . This was developed from the F7R engine of the Clio Williams. In 2004, the Phase 3 version of the Clio 2 RS gained 10 horsepower for a total of . Power increased further in 2006 for the Clio 3 RS, now with , increased again to for the Phase 2 model of the third generation Clio RS.
The F4R will also be grafted with a turbo, and will be known F4Rt it will equip two Mégane, Laguna 2, Laguna 3 Avantime and Vel Satis, but especially this basis used for the Megane 2 RS 225 hp (230 hp version of the F1 Team R26 and R26.R).
The Megane RS 3 is presented in March 2009 at the Geneva show, it is equipped with the 2.0 16V Turbo block F4Rt the Megane 2 RS, increased to 250 hp. In June 2011, Renault launched a limited edition "RS Trophy 'power increases by 15 hp to 265 hp.
Discontinued.
F1x.
The F1x was only available with a displacement of 1.7 L (). It has a parallel valve engine architecture aspirated by a single-barrel carburetor.
Applications:
F2x.
The F2x is an eight-valve SOHC with double-barrel carburetor
Applications:
F3x.
The F3x is mechanically similar to the "F2x", only used a monopoint-EFI system. Some later versions were equipped with multipoint-EFI.
Applications:
F5x.
The F5x resembles the "F4x" mechanically with an architecture of 16 indirect actuated valves and DOHC, but used a direct injection "IDE" fuel system.
Applications:
F7x.
The F7x was the first of the F-type engine family with a 16-valve DOHC configuration, the valves were directly actuated by Hydraulic tappets.
both the 1.8l as the 2.0l were equipped with a multipoint-EFI system.
Applications:
F8x.
The F8x is the indirect injected Diesel version and has an 8-valve SOHC architecture, it uses precombustion chambers achieve the required air/fuel mixing.
Applications:
In production.
F4x.
The F4x is an indirect actuated 16-valve DOHC with a multipoint-EFI system.
F9x.
The F9x is the direct injected Diesel version and also features an 8-valve SOHC configuration, it has swirl generating intake ports to create swirling (vortex) of the aspirated air, and either a torodial- or an elsbett- piston bowl to twist the injected fuel vapour, also to achieve the required air/fuel mixing.
The diesel-fuel is delivered either by a mechanical injection pump or a common rail fuel injection installation.
Applications:

</doc>
<doc id="5948012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948012" title="Ortley">
Ortley

Ortley (better known in the Southern United States as the White Bellflower) is a variety of apple, medium in size, and light green to yellow in color. Usually ripening for a late fall harvest, it was developed in New Jersey, and was first commercially produced in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="5948013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948013" title="Igor Gabilondo">
Igor Gabilondo

Igor Gabilondo del Campo (born 10 February 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left midfielder.
During his career he mainly played for Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao (six seasons apiece), amassing La Liga totals of 276 games and 33 goals.
Club career.
Gabilondo was born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa. A product of Real Sociedad's youth system he appeared sparingly for the first team in his first two seasons as a professional, but went on to become an important element for the Basque club, scoring five La Liga goals in 33 games during the 2003–04 campaign.
In 2006 Gabilondo moved to arch rivals Athletic Bilbao on a free transfer, producing roughly the same numbers in his first two seasons combined (59 matches and seven goals). On 7 April 2007, he scored the game's only goal in a home win against Valencia CF.
Gabilondo was sparingly played in 2008–09, but the 30-year-old regained his importance in the following year, netting three times during the season, two of those coming in 4–1 home triumphs against CD Tenerife and UD Almería – Athletic finished eighth.
In 2010–11 veteran Gabilondo was regularly used by Athletic Bilbao, alternating between the starting XI and the substitutes bench. He equalled a career-best five goals, either from free kicks or long-distance shots, also scoring against AD Alcorcón for the campaign's Copa del Rey, in a 2–0 home win and 3–0 on aggregate.
On 10 July 2012, aged 33, Gabilondo moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for one year (with an option for a further season) with AEK Larnaca F.C. in the Cypriot First Division and rejoining former Athletic teammate Ander Murillo.
International career.
On 28 December 2011, Gabilondo equalled Julen Guerrero as the most capped played in the history of the Basque Country regional football team. The match against Tunisia was his twelfth appearance with the "Euskal Herriko Selekzioa".

</doc>
<doc id="5948023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948023" title="Vadim Delaunay">
Vadim Delaunay

Vadim Nikolaevich Delaunay (; 1947–1983) was a Russian poet and dissident, who participated in the 
1968 Red Square demonstration of protest against military suppression of the Prague Spring.
Biography.
Delaunay was born to a Russian-French family of Soviet Intelligentsia. His grandfather, Boris Delaunay, was a prominent Soviet mathematician and creator of the Delaunay triangulation. Among his ancestors was marquis Bernard-René de Launay, the last governor of the Bastille, murdered by the attackers on that castle. Delaunay often predicted that he would repeat the fate of his ancestor.
Delaunay studied at Moscow matshkola ("Mathematical School") No. 2, one of the best in the country at that time, then at the Department of Philology at the Moscow Pedagogical Institute. As a student, he also worked as a freelance author for the "Literaturnaya Gazeta". Delaunay started to write poetry at the age of 13. His poetry was distributed by samizdat and some of it was published abroad.
Vadim Delaunay
Political activism.
On January 22, 1967, Delaunay took part in a demonstration on Pushkin Square protesting the arrest of Alexander Ginzburg and Yuri Galanskov as well as articles 70 and 190 of the Soviet Penal Code—"Anti-Soviet agitation" and "Libel against the Soviet Government". He was arrested and given a one-year suspended sentence (incidentally in accordance with article 190 of the Penal Code). His sentence was much lighter than that of another organizer of the same meeting, Vladimir Bukovsky, who got three years in a labor camp. Delaunay was distressed by the difference in the sentence, explaining the relative softness of it by the influence of his relatives.
Dissidence.
Delaunay's sentence required him to move away from Moscow, so he went to Novosibirsk State University to a friend and pupil of his grandfather, Aleksandr Aleksandrov. In Novosibirsk, he continued his philology studies and wrote poetry. At that time, his first official foreign publications appeared in the Paris magazine "Grani" N66. Delaunay was an organizer of a concert by the Bard Alexander Galich, who was semi-legal at that time. 
In the beginning of 1968, after the court hearing for Galanskov and Ginzburg, Delaunay wrote an open letter to "Literaturnaya Gazeta" in which he praised their bravery. The letter was published in the New York newspaper "Novoe Russkoe Slovo" ("The New Russian Word").
1968 Red Square demonstration.
"Main article:" 1968 Red Square demonstration
In June 1968, Delaunay returned to Moscow. On August 25, 1968, he and seven other dissidents organized the now-famous demonstration in support of the Prague Spring in Red Square near the Moscow Kremlin. Delaunay and Pavel Litvinov held the famous banner with the words "ЗА ВАШУ И НАШУ СВОБОДУ" ("For your freedom and ours"). 
Seven people were arrested, and in court, Delaunay stated that the five minutes of freedom on the square were worth the years in prison that were probably awaiting him. Efforts of the defense to convince the court in the absence of any criminal element in actions of the demonstrators were vain. There is opinion that the sentence was ready before the court session. Delaunay was sentenced to two years and 10 months in a labor camp that he served in Tyumen Oblast in northwestern Siberia.
Emigration.
In June 1971, Delaunay finished serving his sentence and returned to Moscow. In 1973, his wife I. Belgorodkaya was arrested for her involvement with an underground journal, "Хроника Текущих Событий" ("Chronicle of Current Events"). In 1975, she was freed, and they both emigrated to France. In 1979, Delaunay published his story "Portraits in a Barbed Frame" in the magazine "Echo".
Death.
On 13 June 1983, Delaunay died of a heart attack in Paris at the age of 35. In 1984, his book of poetry "Verses: 1963-1983" was published. In that same year, he was posthumously awarded the Vladimir Dal prize. His poetry has been published in Russia since 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5948027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948027" title="Orrock">
Orrock

Orrock can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5948039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948039" title="9619 Terrygilliam">
9619 Terrygilliam

9619 Terrygilliam is an asteroid in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Name.
Terrygilliam is named after American-born filmmaker and animator Terry Gilliam. The asteroid is one of many main belt asteroids named after famous personalities. It is the third in a series of six asteroids carrying the names of members of the Monty Python comedy troupe:
Discovery.
Terrygilliam was discovered on 17 March 1993, at the European Southern Observatory during the Uppsala-ESO Survey of Asteroids and Comets (UESAC). Its initial designation was .

</doc>
<doc id="5948046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948046" title="Johann Cornies">
Johann Cornies

Johann(es) Cornies (20 June 1789 – 13 March 1848) was a Mennonite German settler to the Russian Empire.
Biography.
Cornies was born in the Vistula delta Mennonite settlement of Bärwalde "(Niedźwiedzica)", near Danzig (Gdańsk) in West Prussia. He was a son of Johann Cornies (born in Mühlhausen, East Prussia) and Aganetha Cornies. He had 3 brothers; Peter Cornies (1791-1840s), David Cornies (1794-1850s), and Heinrich Cornies (1806-?). In 1804, his family moved to Molotschna, a Mennonite settlement in what is now Ukraine. He married with Agnes Klassen (1792-1840s), and they had a son and a daughter of the same names.
Cornies was the first president of "The Agricultural Improvement Society", an Odessa-based commission that supported German colonists. The organization introduced modern farming practices to the colonies and later extended its reach to education and social life. The commission was sponsored by the Russian government with the hope that the master farming techniques of the Mennonites could be introduced to Jewish, Tatar and Russian villages. The society introduced dryland farming, fertilizer and four-year crop rotation. Planting tobacco and mulberry trees for sericulture were promoted.
Cornies owned a large estate, "Jushanlee", a model farm and showplace of south Russia. Crown princes Alexander I and Alexander II as well as other government officials visited the estate. His holdings were expanded by gifts from the government for his services and totaled at his death. He owned a large herd of thoroughbred cattle, 8,000 merino sheep and four hundred horses.
Cornies helped also with the immigration and colonisation of Jews. He died at Orloff, a village in the Molotschna colony.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="5948064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948064" title="Orvil">
Orvil

Orvil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5948072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948072" title="Mount Hopeless (New South Wales)">
Mount Hopeless (New South Wales)

Mount Hopeless () is a prominent mountain in New South Wales, Australia between the headwaters of Doris Creek about 2 km south by east of Mount Goondel in the Oberon local government area.

</doc>
<doc id="5948079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5948079" title="9620 Ericidle">
9620 Ericidle

9620 Ericidle is an asteroid in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Name.
Ericidle is named after British comedian Eric Idle. The asteroid is one of many main belt asteroids named after famous personalities. It is the fourth in a series of six asteroids carrying the names of the six members of the Monty Python comedy troupe:
Discovery.
Ericidle was discovered on 17 March 1993, at the European Southern Observatory during the Uppsala-ESO Survey of Asteroids and Comets (UESAC). Its initial designation was .

</doc>
