<doc id="5982623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982623" title="Luscombe 8">
Luscombe 8

The Luscombe 8 is a series of high wing, side-by-side seating, monoplanes with conventional landing gear, designed in 1937 and built by Luscombe Aircraft.
Background.
The Luscombe Aircraft Corporation was re-formed as a New Jersey company in 1937, and a new design was begun. The Luscombe 50 (Model 8) was to become the company's most famous product. The Model 8 used the new horizontally opposed small engines that had just been developed by the engine manufacturers. For simplicity, the aircraft was designed with a round firewall to minimize frontal area and simplify construction. Although it was alleged this might allow the installation of a small radial engine if the flat four did not work, none of the original design engineers recall that being a design consideration.
The Model 8 followed in the Luscombe tradition of using no wood in the construction, and had a monocoque fuselage with fabric-covered metal wings. For a cheap, light aircraft, this was a revolutionary construction technique. Its competitors were built of fabric-covered steel tubing, with wooden spars and sometimes ribs in the fabric-covered wings. Luscombe's construction techniques allowed him to build his aircraft quickly and cheaply, without sacrificing strength. His aircraft were also more efficient than his competitors, cruising 10-20 mph faster on the same power.
The new Luscombe sold well, and soon the factory was making changes to the design. Continental had upgraded the A-50 engine to the A-65 engine of 65 horsepower (48 kW). Luscombe quickly certified this engine on the Model 8, and began producing it as the Model 8A. In 1938 and 1939, though, personality conflicts arose within the company, and Don Luscombe was forced out of the company in a proxy battle. Many Luscombe employees left at this time, also.
March of 1940 saw the introduction of another version of the Model 8, the 8B. This aircraft was powered by a Lycoming O-145-B3 engine of 65 horsepower (48 kW). A month later, the company developed the deluxe model 8C, powered by a Continental C-75-8J engine. The interior was finished off with maroon cloth and tan leather upholstery, with a shock-mounted section in the instrument panel. The deluxe model was named the Silvaire, (in a contest) and was sold with full-color advertising.
With war raging in Europe, stocks of aluminum began to be rationed. Since the Model 8 was widely used in the Civilian Pilot Training Program, Luscombe was able to maintain production and get a reasonable allotment of the lightweight metal. To ensure future allotments and increase its share of the CPTP market, Luscombe developed the model 8D. The instrument panel was changed so that it could be equipped with the necessary instruments for instrument flight and training, and so that radios could be installed easily. The 8D used the same 75 hp (56 kW) Continental engine as the 8C, but the 14 (US) gallon (53 L) fuselage tank was replaced by two 11.5 (US) gallon (44 L) wing tanks (designed by Carl Frey) for greater range.
The man who had forced Don Luscombe out of the company was an Austrian named Leopold Klotz. The government considered him to be an enemy alien, which led to the company being taken over by the government during World War II, where its facilities produced military aircraft sub-assemblies. Luscombe Aircraft spent the war years doing subcontract work for other manufacturers. In 1944, the Vested Claims Committee ruled that Klotz was a resident neutral rather than an enemy alien, and his Luscombe holdings were restored to him.
Dallas, Texas.
During the war, Luscombe Aircraft moved from Trenton, New Jersey to Dallas, Texas. In anticipation of the postwar aircraft boom, and to satisfy military procurement contracts it had, Luscombe set up a large factory and re-tooled with new jigs capable of higher production volume than the prewar factory had been capable of. Due to several factors, including a fire at one plant that destroyed most of their stock of cushions and upholstery, production in the latter part of 1945 was quite limited. The aircraft was also redesigned at this time to simplify construction of the fuselage into a modular construction.
Early in 1946, Luscombe decided to redesign the wing to an all-metal monocoque design, eliminating the fabric covering and simplifying the construction. The company also produced a prototype of a single-place low-wing design called the Model 10. This was never placed into production, since the market for single-seat aircraft was considered to be too small.
The Model 8 was upgraded once again in June, producing the 8E. This aircraft had an 85 horsepower (63 kW) engine, and the fuselage tank was replaced by two 12.5 (US?) gallon (47 L) wing tanks. This freed up space to install rear windows and a "hat throw" (shelf) in the space formerly occupied by the fuel tank. For a while, both all-metal
and fabric-covered wing Luscombes were produced before the fabric-covered wing was phased out (use of old stock) in favor of the all-metal design.
Further design changes to simplify construction of the model 8 vertical stabilizer and horizontal stabilizer were implemented in 1947. These changes were alleged to save several hundred man-hours in the construction of the airplanes.
The Air Force, in 1947, released a specification calling for an 85 hp (63 kW), high-wing tandem-seat aircraft to use as a liaison aircraft for Army ground forces. The proposal required an aircraft that was in current production, so Luscombe decided to convert a model 8E to a tandem configuration. This model passed the military tests, but lost out to the entry from Aeronca, who quoted a low price of less than $1700 per aircraft. Luscombe obtained a type certificate for the T8F anyway, in anticipation of future off-the-shelf buys by the military. The later, modified specification excluded Luscombe with several changes to the procurement, and instead resulted in the Air Force's buying the Cessna L-19 Bird Dog.
The final simplification made to the Luscombe 8 design was the introduction in 1948 of the Silflex landing gear. This was a cantilever tubular-steel gear attached to a spring-oleo unit. It was four inches (102 mm) wider than the original wire-braced gear, simpler to manufacture, and stronger in side-load. It also reduced the incidence of ground-looping, and was less prone to damage when ground loops did occur. While the gear usually survived ground incidents, its strength often resulted in serious fuselage damage at the hard point attachments which was difficult to repair without jigging.
The last major upgrade to the Silvaire came in 1948. The Model 8F was introduced in January using a 90 hp (67 kW) Continental engine. The tandem aircraft was simultaneously upgraded to produce the T8F model. Sales were not strong, however, and the company was failing. In December, its major suppliers put Luscombe on a COD basis.
The company closed its doors in 1949, with its assets purchased by Temco Aircraft, also Dallas- based. Temco built about 50 Silvaires before selling the rights to the Silvaire Aircraft Corporation in 1955.
After a bankruptcy, the assets were purchased by a major Luscombe dealer and a new venture opened in Fort Collins, Colorado as "Silvaire Aircraft and Uranium Corp". From 1958 to 1961, this firm produced some 83 aircraft labeled "Silvaire". Many of these aircraft were constructed from spares or MRB parts that were serviceable, but left from prior production.
A Federal Aviation Administration certification audit resulted in the determination that continued production required a wholesale revision to the engineering drawings, specifications, and processes which had expired, run out of date, or been superseded. This was to be a comprehensive and very expensive process necessary to satisfy the FAA. The FAA required a new production management team of their choosing to oversee the project.
Senior management reviewed the findings and costs anticipated to prepare for future production of the aircraft in 1960. They determined that the limited market and the required changes necessary for production would not be economically feasible, so they closed the company and delivered the assets to a receiver who sold the production materials.
Several attempts to revive production have failed due to the high engineering and production costs involved, long lead times, missing drawings, old processes and tools, and a limited marketplace for an airplane that generally does not accommodate average-sized persons (2006). None of the production revivals have succeeded. Although the aircraft has a passionate following, it is eclectic, and many more marketable and cost-effective product options now exist which render the successful revival of this 60-year-old antique design unlikely.
In 1994, the Don Luscombe Aviation History Foundation (DLAHF) acquired the Approved Type Certificate (ATC 694) for the Luscombe aircraft. This was in turn transferred to The Luscombe Endowment in 1999-2001.
Chandler, Arizona.
After many years of being out of production, a group of enthusists purchased the type certificate with the intent of producing parts and providing technical support to the existing fleet. This led to the creation of the Don Luscombe Aviation History Foundation. Throughout the years this foundation offered parts support and major restoration abilities. One proposal was to market the Luscombe aircraft as a kit plane. FAA inquiries showed some problems with this that might make it difficult, but not insurmountable. After one of the investors backed out for that project it was abandoned. The Luscombe Foundation did, however, continue to manufacture and sell parts and service to current Luscombe owners in order to finance the TC purchase.
Not only were the owners of Luscombe aircraft being supported, local aircraft mechanic students and others interested in learning the art of aircraft manufacturing and maintenance were taught the tools of a dying trade. Many young people passed through this internship, some progressing on to other related fields such as aerospace engineering.
These services continued from 1993-through 2004, revitalized in 2005 by the Luscombe Endowment.
Unfortunately, as has been the case so many times with this historic aircraft, once again it brought financial ruin to many involved. Renaissance Aircraft & John Dearden obtained a right to produce aircraft under license Agreement in 1996. Under that agreement Renaissance was to upgrade the engineering defects that brought about the demise of the company in 1961, and to obtain an FAA production certificate. They did not do either, resulting in a disputed agreement over the rights to produce the aircraft. Disputes continue, the case pending in Georgia, Missouri, Arizona and California.
The type certificate of the aircraft has changed hands, though there is still litigation making its way through the system. The current holder is alleged to be Team Luscombe, though Court Orders state "Renaissance Aircraft", and the actual production & marketing are done by a third company "Luscombe Silvaire". This is the second or third attempt to market the aircraft by Dearden. The first attempt did not yield any deliveries, while the second yielded just one delivery to a close associate.
The third effort is a new version of the Luscombe 8 offered as a Light Sport Aircraft or LSA. It has roughly similar specifications and appearance to the original airplanes, but it is powered by a Continental O-200 opposed engine. The Luscombe Silvaire LSA-8] is capable of speeds up to at sea level, has a climb rate of 900 ft/min, a stall speed of only and a service ceiling of . It sells for $90,000 and is notable for its all metal construction and polished aluminum finish.
It is yet to be proven whether or not this aircraft will be legally certifiable under the light sport aircraft rules because the aircraft model was never certified with the O-200 engine, except by supplemental type certificate. The only installations which occurred pursuant to the supplemental type certificate conversion also increased the gross weight of the aircraft to as one of the underlying conditions in the STC which was predicated upon a model change to 8E/8F, which bears that weight limitation. This 1400# GW is over the current limit of the light sport aircraft certification (1320#). It is unlikely for this hurdle to be overcome using the existing STC.
Gilbert, Arizona.
In 2005, the existing fleet service and support functions were reinstituted and expanded by the Luscombe Endowment, Inc, an IRS 501 (C)3 organization headed by Doug Combs who had originally established the Luscombe Foundation. Mr. Combs and his staff of affiliates provide technical advice and a large selection of NOS, FAA PMA, and used parts to assist owners in the repair of their Luscombe airplanes.
Famous Owners.
James May of BBC's Top Gear wrote in Top Gear Magazine in 2007 about his 1946 model Luscombe 8A ownership experience. After a temporary loss of power in flight of the meticulously maintained aircraft he concluded in a tongue-in-cheek manner, "All this old stuff is rubbish. None of it works properly. After almost a whole day of fart-arsing around with machinery, I was forced to conclude that the only dependable things in my life are an Italian car and a British motorcycle."
Specifications (Silvaire 8-F).
Sub-Model T8F has tandem seating but is generally similar in dimension, Sprayer version approved for Restricted category operations can have higher Gross Weight with operational limits.

</doc>
<doc id="5982629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982629" title="Smear Campaign (album)">
Smear Campaign (album)

Smear Campaign is the thirteenth album by grindcore band Napalm Death. It was recorded with producer Russ Russell at Foel Studio, Wales, and was released on 15 September 2006. It was released as a regular CD, and as a digipak edition featuring two bonus tracks and a sticker of the cover artwork. Differently coloured versions of the cover art exist.
Shortly before the release, Barney Greenway mentioned that the album features a guest appearance by Anneke van Giersbergen, ex-vocalist for the Dutch rock band The Gathering, saying, "has offered up a few parts to a track, which I've yet to hear. But before some people recoil in horror about Napalm going operatic rock or whatever, this was done for good effect and relevance to the track. It will work. It will rock. I'm sure. And we're grateful to Anneke (who is an awesome vocalist in her own right) in advance for giving it a stab."
"Smear Campaign" is a concept album criticising religion in general.

</doc>
<doc id="5982641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982641" title="Lawrence Schiller">
Lawrence Schiller

Lawrence Julian Schiller (born December 28, 1936) is a noted American film producer, director and screenwriter.
Career.
Schiller was born in 1936 in Brooklyn, and grew up outside of San Diego, California. After attending Pepperdine College in Los Angeles, he worked for "Life" magazine, "Paris Match", "The Sunday Times", "Time", "Newsweek", "Stern", and "The Saturday Evening Post" as a photojournalist. He published his first book, "LSD", in 1966. Since then he has published eleven books, including W. Eugene Smith's "Minamata" and Norman Mailer's "". He collaborated with Albert Goldman on "Ladies and Gentleman", "Lenny Bruce" and with Norman Mailer on "The Executioner's Song" and "Oswald's Tale". His own books that became national bestsellers and made the "New York Times" Bestseller list include "American Tragedy", "Perfect Murder, Perfect Town", "Cape May Court House", and "Into the Mirror." He has directed seven motion pictures and miniseries for television; "The Executioner's Song" and "Peter the Great" won five Emmys. "American Tragedy", "Perfect Murder, Perfect Town" and "Into the Mirror" were made into television mini-series for CBS, all of which Schiller produced and directed. In 2008, after the death of the writer Norman Mailer, he was named Senior Advisor to the Norman Mailer Estate and is the Managing Director of The Norman Mailer Center and Writers Colony, in New York, NY, which he created with Norris Mailer. Schiller was a close friend of Mailer and collaborator on five of his works, and represents the Norman Mailer Licensing company. Schiller serves as a consultant to political campaigns and major corporations on such issues as crisis management, branding, public imaging and the use of social networking. Schiller has been an on air analyst to NBC news, a consultant to TASCHEN Publshing, Annie Leibovitz Studio, Mitsubishi Power Systems Americas and has written for "The New Yorker", "The Daily Beast" and other publications.
In 2005, Schiller traveled to China and over two years built a collection of Chinese contemporary art, which numbers over 80 paintings and photographs. In 2007, he exhibited his own photographs for the first time in the USA "Marilyn Monroe and America in the 1960s" and since then the exhibition has toured Beijing, China; Sofia, Bulgaria; Hong Kong; Salzburg, Austria; Berlin, Germany; Miami, Florida and London England. "Marilyn & Me", A Photographer's Memories in words and pictures, Schiller's eleventh book, was published by Nan A. Talese, an imprint of Doubleday in a small memoir edition and by TASCHEN in a deluxe Collectors Edition with 131 color and black and white photographs. An exhibition of his vintage photographs is being exhibited in France, Belgium, England, New York City and Los Angeles.
Works.
Books.
Books - as author or in collaboration with:

</doc>
<doc id="5982644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982644" title="Albano Harguindeguy">
Albano Harguindeguy

Albano Eduardo Harguindeguy (11 February 1927 – 29 October 2012) was a general of the Argentine Army, and the interior minister of Argentina under dictator Jorge Rafael Videla, during the National Reorganization Process (1976–1983).
Harguindeguy, allegedly involved in human rights abuses, benefitted from the pardon of President Carlos Menem in 1989, along with other members of the dictatorship. In 2004 he refused to testify before a judge investigating illegal detentions and killings under Operation Condor, and he was put under house arrest. In 2006, another judge struck down Harguindeguy's pardon, along with that of Videla and of fellow minister José Alfredo Martínez de Hoz, as unconstitutional.
He died on 29 October 2012 at age 85, while under house arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="5982661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982661" title="North Albion Collegiate Institute">
North Albion Collegiate Institute

North Albion Collegiate Institute is a high school in the Etobicoke area of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Toronto District School Board. The school opened in 1962 to serve the growing suburb known as Rexdale.
North Albion Collegiate Institute (NACI) earned a reputation for academic and athletic excellence from the time of its inception through the 1980s. In recent years, discipline has improved and, as a result the post-secondary success rate has been rising dramatically. From 2000 to 2004, the graduation rate rose to 40%. In 2006 the school was placed among the top 25 of the Ontario Grade 10 literacy test. It is placed above other local schools such as West Humber Collegiate Institute, Thistletown Collegiate Institute, and Martingrove Collegiate Institute, as a school known for reasonable excellence in Academics. 
Community involvement is shown by the Institute's contributions through the Student Government, Parent Council, Leadership Club, Breakfast Club, the United Way Committee, the Duke of Edinburgh Club, World Vision Volunteers, Crime Stoppers, and by its participating in community beautification days. An integral part of N.A.C.I. is the multi-grade, whole school Teacher Advisor Program that meets regularly. Although the area surrounding North Albion has been considered an area that has been plagued with violence the students have always been the cornerstone of this school as they've always rallied together through the hard times to overcome obstacles through the support of administration and faculty. The awareness within the community about this school has dramatically increased and it has now become a school that attracts over 1000 students through its doors everyday.
Its feeder schools include North Kipling Junior Middle School.
North Albion became the first school in North America to offer Steel band as a full credit course in high school.
History.
In 1962 the Hon. J. Keiller MacKay opened the school officially and gave North Albion its motto: "VIRTUS, OFFICIUM, VERITAS" – Excellence, Service, Truth. The Olympian torch and the book below the motto on the crest signify the struggle for the light of knowledge. The trees are for growth. We chose the mountain ash for its white flowers and orange berries. The triangle in the centre is a blue spruce to give us the school colours of orange, blue and white. The high school has a variety of different clubs over the years ranging from the student council, year book club, Deca, Model UN, chess club. These clubs have been the foundation of this school since its inception. Although over the years some clubs dissipate as leadership over these clubs varies from year to year, many of these clubs have been around for a long enough period of time to create a culture that is lasting and creates an atmosphere that encourages creativity and success. The sports teams of these clubs have always been vibrant although the selection of athletes have always been limited due to the socio-economic class the school is surrounded by. However, the athletes have always managed to make the sports teams a major cornerstone of the school and has over the years achieved some incredible accolades due to the fostering of these athletes. Most notable is the cricket teams, volleyball teams and basketball teams that have come out from this school.
Notable alumni.
All these notable Alumni have been celebrated as the success that North Albion has built through its education programs and the faculty who are very committed to fostering the success of their students.
G.M Hull Award Winners.
This Award is to commemorate North Albion C.I.'s former Principal Mr. Hull. It is NACI's most prestigious award and is given to a student in the graduating class who best represents his or her grade.
Past Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="5982666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982666" title="Ernst van de Wetering">
Ernst van de Wetering

Ernst van de Wetering, PhD (born 9 March 1938, Hengelo) is a Dutch art historian, considered the world's foremost expert on Rembrandt and his work.
Background.
Ernst van de Wetering was first trained as an artist at the (Dutch) Royal Academy of Fine Arts in The Hague. He received his doctorate in art history from the University of Amsterdam. Since 1968, he has been a member, and is now chairman, of the Rembrandt Research Project. He was art historian on the staff of Amsterdam's Central Research Laboratory for Restoration from 1969 to 1987 and, since 1987, has been full professor of history of art at the University of Amsterdam. He has published extensively on historic painting techniques, as well as in the field of theory and ethics of conservation and restoration.
In 1990, he succeeded Josua Bruyn as chair of the Rembrandt Research Project, the team of scholars that is charged with tracking down Rembrandt's works, authenticating them and, when needed, conserving the paintings.
As of 2011, the project has published five volumes on Rembrandt's work, the known Rembrandts, and the techniques used by the painter.
Assessment of Rembrandt.
In most of his writing and lectures, Van de Wetering portrays Rembrandt as a painter who struggled to create as many marketable paintings as possible, and whose studio turned out a large number of paintings with varying amounts of work by Rembrandt and his apprentices. He was also able to discover a number of Rembrandt's works which had been repainted by the artist to make them more commercially acceptable.
In 2006, in celebration of Rembrandt's 400th birthday, Van de Wetering was quoted by the Associate Press saying: "My hope for the Rembrandt year would be that somehow we would become free of images, that we look with fresh eyes. So much research has been done, and so little of this research has come to the knowledge of the general public."
Studies of artists' use of light.
Van de Wetering is the voice of dissent when it comes to the significance of light in Dutch 17th-century painting. He doubts that it was a factor at all and says there were as many kinds of light as there were ways of painting. It was not a question of light, he adds, but of a painter's methods and style. He has also written several academic papers debunking the myth that Claude Monet painted only with natural light.
Awards.
In 2003, Van de Wetering was presented with the Heritage Preservation/College Art Association Joint Award for Distinction in Scholarship and Conservation at Oxford University, where he has been a frequent guest lecturer.

</doc>
<doc id="5982667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982667" title="Muhammad Jaber Al Safa">
Muhammad Jaber Al Safa

Muhammad Jaber Āl Safa (also spelled Jabir Al Safa) (1875–1945) () was a historian, writer and politician from Jabal Amel (in modern-day Lebanon), known for his founding role in the Arab nationalist movement in turn-of-the-century Levant.
Biography.
Born in Nabatiye into an illustrious family of scholars, he studied language and history under renowned scholars Hassan Yusuf al-Makki and Muhammad Ibrahim al-Husseini. Jaber Al Safa and his companions Sheikh Ahmad Reda (also his father-in-law) and Sheikh Sulaiman Daher, having formed an intellectual gathering known as "the Ameli Three", also known as the "Amili Trio" or "Nabatieh Trio", played a principal role in forming Jabal Amel's political and cultural history, and were also the first in that region to speak of an Arab nation and of an Arab state.
Because of the group's violent opposition to the Ottoman rule, they were arrested in 1915, along with other Arab nationalist leaders such as Rida Al Solh and his son Riad, and imprisoned in Aley's military prison. They were liberated as the Ottomans left the country during the First World War.
He was a major supporter of King Faisal's rule in Greater Syria, following the Arab Revolt, having been a leading nationalist since before the outbreak of the First World War. Nationalists, prior to the revolt, were not secessionist. Rather, they called for decentralization and discussed nationalist ideas, while still positioning themselves within the Ottoman entity. Jaber Al Safa credited the Ottoman state with losing people's support because of the harsh measures it implemented regarding conscription and, before that, its suppression of Arabic as an official and administrative language and related Turkification policies brought forth by the Committee of Union and Progress.
Jaber, as part of the "Amili Trio", lobbied for Lebanon's union with Syria and opposed the French Mandate in Lebanon (he was briefly arrested by the French authorities for subversive activities but was released following widespread protests in Nabatiye in his support), remaining a supporter of pan-Arab unity until his death in 1945.
He wrote ""Tārīkh Jabal `Amil"", or ""The History of Jabal `Amil"", which is used as a main reference on the history of the Levant and Lebanon, and Jabal Amel in particular.
Āl Safa is a descendant of the Safavids, who left Iran in the 18th century at the end of their rule and settled, among other places, in Jabal Amel in southern Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="5982682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982682" title="Lean Cuisine">
Lean Cuisine

Lean Cuisine is a brand of frozen entreés and dinners sold in the United States, Canada, and Australia by Nestlé. The brand began as low-fat, low-calorie versions of Stouffer's products. Today, Lean Cuisine includes traditional dinners, ethnic dishes, pizzas, whole-grain Spa Cuisine entreés, and panini. The headquarters of Lean Cuisine in the United States is located in Solon, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland.
Overview and history.
Lean Cuisine was created in 1981 to provide a healthier alternative to Stouffer's frozen meals. It began with ten items and has expanded to include 100+ different meals. The brand name "Lean Cuisine" is considered by the FDA as a nutrient content claim, so all Lean Cuisine items are required to meet the "lean" criteria of less than 10 g fat, 4.5 g or less saturated fat, and less than 95 mg cholesterol. Lean Cuisine items are also calorie-controlled, with most items in the 200-300 calorie range, with a minimum of 140 calories and a maximum of 400 calories. A major competitor of Lean Cuisine is Healthy Choice, manufactured by ConAgra Foods. It is required to meet "healthy" criteria by the FDA, since it includes "healthy" in its brand name. This includes a requirement to be below 480 mg of sodium in addition to fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol targets.
Other competitors include Smart Ones, made by H. J. Heinz Company, and South Beach Diet, made by Kraft Foods. There are also a number of store brand competitors, such as Safeway's Eating Right brand. Easy Meals and Optislim 
Lean Cuisine grew significantly during the 1980s and 1990s on the strength of low-fat, low-calorie dieting, becoming one of Nestlé's largest U.S. brands. Sales suffered during 2003–2004, as did other diet food brands with the increased popularity of low-carbohydrate diet plans. Lean Cuisine reacted by launching a line of reduced-carb entrees in 2004, and has seen stronger growth as low carb dieting has become less prevalent.
Lean Cuisine sponsors the Susan G. Komen breast cancer foundation and America on the Move.

</doc>
<doc id="5982688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982688" title="Kari Ristanen">
Kari Ristanen

Kari Ristanen (born July 27, 1958) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed during the 1980s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Ristanen also won a silver in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti.
His best individual finish was second twice in the World Cup (1985, 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="5982698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982698" title="ZIL-157">
ZIL-157

The ZIL-157 is a general purpose 2.5 ton 6x6 truck, produced in post-WW2 Soviet Russia.
The ZIL-157 was the standard Soviet truck until it was replaced by the ZIL-131 and Ural-375D series that became the standard Soviet army trucks alongside with GAZ-66. The People's Liberation Army also produced the CA-30, a copy of the ZIL-157.

</doc>
<doc id="5982708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982708" title="Ronkonkoma Branch">
Ronkonkoma Branch

The Ronkonkoma Branch is a rail service operated by the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) in the U.S. state of New York. On LIRR maps and printed schedules, "Ronkonkoma Branch" refers to trains running along the railroad's Main Line from Hicksville (where the Port Jefferson Branch leaves the Main Line) east to Ronkonkoma. East of Ronkonkoma, the line is known both as the Ronkonkoma Branch and the Greenport Branch to its terminus at Greenport.
The section of the Main Line east of Ronkonkoma is not electrified and is also referred to as the Greenport Branch. Nine trains travel along this eastern section on weekdays, using diesel-electric or electro-diesel locomotives. Except for one morning train per day from Deer Park to Riverhead, all passengers travelling through Ronkonkoma change trains there.
Electrification.
Electrified service, which was extended from Hicksville to Ronkonkoma in 1987, ends at the Ronkonkoma station. Two eastbound and three westbound Greenport Branch diesel-electric trains travel each weekday between Ronkonkoma and Greenport. An additional two westbound and one eastbound each weekday runs as far as Riverhead, and one eastbound each weekday runs as far as Yaphank. In addition, an eastbound runs between Deer Park and Riverhead in the morning, and is intended for use primarily by jurors. There is seasonal summer weekend service, consisting of two roundtrips to Greenport.
The line is presently single-tracked between the old Republic station (near Republic airport in East Farmingdale) and Deer Park, as well as between Brentwood and Greenport (with sidings at stations). As part of the capital plan, the LIRR is discussing construction of a full second electrified track from Farmingdale to Ronkonkoma to ease congestion in Suffolk County at Pinelawn, Wyandanch, Central Islip, and the 5 mile stretch between Central Islip and Ronkonkoma. On April 17, 2012 the MTA got the go ahead with funding to start the double tracking project of the branch, and the project is slated to be completed by 2019 in conjunction with the completion of East Side Access. Plans may eventually include further electrification East of Ronkonkoma to as far as Riverhead, due to the possible construction of a new Mid-Suffolk Electric Yard in Yaphank, and the construction and reopening of Republic Station as a transportation hub.
East of Ronkonkoma service controversy.
The LIRR has tried to discontinue service east of Ronkonkoma on several occasions, citing minimal service due to low ridership. As recently as 2010, the idea was entertained by the financially strapped MTA (the LIRR's parent company), who proposed that service be truncated to summer weekends only. This did not happen, but weekend service outside of the summer (defined as Memorial Day-Columbus Day) was discontinued. In 2013, weekend service was extended to operate from early May to late November.
Central Branch.
Some LIRR maps also include as part of the Ronkonkoma Branch the non-electrified Central Branch, which splits from the Ronkonkoma Branch east of Bethpage and connects with the more southern Montauk Branch, just west of Babylon. There are no stations along this stretch, and it is mainly used by trains with diesel-electric engines going express from Jamaica to Babylon. No trains using this track appear on Ronkonkoma Branch schedules; they appear on Montauk Branch and Babylon Branch schedules, and some appear on schedules for Mineola and Hicksville on the Main Line, if a stop is scheduled there.

</doc>
<doc id="5982754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982754" title="Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan">
Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan

Ishrat-ul-Ebad Khan (, born 2 March 1963, also Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan) is the 30th Governor of Sindh, Pakistan. Ishrat-ul-Ebad is a Pakistan-born citizen and he also holds dual nationality as a British citizen. He took up the post of Governor of Sindh, Pakistan on December 27, 2002, becoming the youngest governor to hold the office. Since July 16, 2008, he has the distinction of becoming the province's longest-serving governor. He resigned on June 27, 2011, but his resignation was not accepted by the President of Pakistan. He resumed his official Governor duties from Tuesday, July 19, 2011.
Political career.
Ishrat-ul-Ebad studied in Dow Medical College, Karachi. During his studies, he emerged as a leader of a student organization, APMSO, a student wing of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM). After graduation, he remained the head of the Medical Aid Committee of MQM. Earlier in 1990, he was Minister of Housing and Town Planning in the Government of Sindh. Subsequently, he was assigned the additional portfolio of Environment and Public Health Engineering Departments. In 1993, he left for the United Kingdom on political asylum, where he acquired British nationality during his stay in northwest London and became entitled to UK state benefits.
Achievements and Developments.
Ishrat-ul-Ebad played a pivotal role in defusing tension and violence in the province by holding political talks with members of other political parties. He has played an instrumental role in getting the 22 hostages released from the Somalian pirates captivity with the partnership of Ansar Burney who leads a human rights organisation.
A number of development projects were started during Ebad's time in the office, including Nagan Chowrangi flyover. He is working on a long term project to make Karachi a greener city. The Beach View Park was constructed under his supervision. It was a part of the Grand Recreation Project. This park is spread over an area of and constructed along 3.7 km of the coastal driveway.
Also, under his supervision, a park Bagh Ibne Qasim (old name Jehangir Kothari Park near Jehangir Kothari Parade) was constructed, located in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. The park was established on February 27, 2007. The park is the country's largest park, constructed under Clifton Beach Development Project on of land. This park replaced old Toyland Theme Park. The park cost PKR 600 million and has been completed in just about 310 working days. It is estimated that more than 10 million people visit this park per year. Prior to the initiation of construction on Bagh Ibne Qasim, of land was freed from the grip of land grabbers.
Controversy.
British Nationality.
Ishrat-ul-Ebad is a Pakistan-born citizen and he also holds dual nationality as a British citizen.
Taking illegal benefits from UK government.
Ishrat-ul-Ebad has been embroiled in controversy of taking thousands of pounds of illegal benefits from British government. Ishrat-ul-Ebad has accepted that he has a taken some benefits which he was not entitled to inadvertently. Ishrat-ul-Ebad has since paid back "few hundred pounds" to the British government.

</doc>
<doc id="5982763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982763" title="Still Life (Fates Warning album)">
Still Life (Fates Warning album)

Still Life is a live album by progressive metal band Fates Warning, released in 1998. The Japanese release of this album includes a studio cover version of the Scorpions song "In Trance" (Track 8 on Disc II).

</doc>
<doc id="5982773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982773" title="WTAE">
WTAE

WTAE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5982788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982788" title="Casino Twilight Dogs">
Casino Twilight Dogs

Casino Twilight Dogs is the third studio album from Australian band Youth Group, released in 2006 on Ivy League Records as a follow up to 2004's "Skeleton Jar". Between December 2005 and February 2006, the album was tracked in Sydney, Australia and mixed in April 2006 in Los Angeles. The album features the single "Catching & Killing" as well as a cover of Alphaville's "Forever Young." Youth Group's version has become a platinum-selling single in Australia.
A limited edition CD/DVD version of the album was also released in Australia. The US release of the album features a different track order and is missing "Let It Go" in favor of "Christmas Windows." Music videos were produced for the singles "Forever Young," "Catching & Killing," and "Daisychains."

</doc>
<doc id="5982795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982795" title="ABA All-Time Team">
ABA All-Time Team

The ABA All-Time Team were chosen in 1997 on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the founding of the American Basketball Association (ABA) to comprise the thirty best and most influential players of the ABA during its ten years and nine full regular seasons of operation, with respect not only to performance at the professional level but in consideration of sportsmanship, team leadership, and contributions to the growth of the league basketball and irrespective of positions played; only players to have played at least a portion of their careers in the ABA were eligible for selection, although performance in other leagues, most notably the National Basketball Association was ostensibly considered. Selected and announced beside the all-time team were a most valuable player and top head coach. 
The team, announced in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, on August 23, 1997, in conjunction with an ABA reunion, was compiled based upon unranked voting undertaken by fifty selected panelists, amongst whom were members of the print and broadcast news media to have reported on and announced games for the ABA, former referees (ten), former team owners (six), former league executives (including two former commissioners), and selected fans and statisticians; former players, even those to have held other positions within the league, were proscribed from voting.
Players.
Team.
First team.
Of the thirty players elected to the first team, three served primarily as point guards during their ABA service, eight as shooting guards, five as small forwards, eight as power forwards, and six as centers. The franchises most represented were the Virginia Squires (having also competed as the Washington Capitals and Oakland Oaks), with eleven first team players' having played at least one game for one or more iterations of the franchise; Utah Stars (having also completed as the Los Angeles Stars and Anaheim Amigos), eight players; Indiana Pacers, seven players; San Antonio Spurs (having also competed as the Texas and Dallas Chaparrals), six players; Denver Nuggets (having also competed as the Denver Rockets), five players; and Spirits of St. Louis (having also competed as the Carolina Cougars and Houston Mavericks), five players. 
Five players elected to the first team—Rick Barry, Billy Cunningham, Julius Erving, George Gervin, and Moses Malone—were named one year earlier to the NBA's 50 Greatest Players list. 
Others receiving votes.
Ninety-eight players received at least one vote. In addition to those who were selected, twelve players earned votes from at least twenty-five percent (12.5) of voters: 
Most valuable player.
Only four players received votes from the fifty panelists as the league's all-time most valuable player; small forward Julius Erving was the clear winner of the award.
Coaches.
Seven coaches received votes from the at least one of the 50 panelists; having claimed 34 of the available votes, Bobby "Slick" Leonard was the clear winner of the all-time best head coach award. Larry Brown, having received 16 votes for the players team, also received six votes in view of his coaching. 
Each of four franchises was represented by two coaches: the Denver Nuggets (having also competed as the Denver Rockets), the Kentucky Colonels, the Memphis Sounds (having also competed as the Memphis Tams, Memphis Pros, and New Orleans Buccaneers), and the San Antonio Spurs (having also competed as the Texas and Dallas Chaparrals). 

</doc>
<doc id="5982828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982828" title="Pulau Besar (Malacca)">
Pulau Besar (Malacca)

Pulau Besar is an island off the coast of Malacca, Malaysia, and is located approximately 13 km from the mainland.
How to get there.
Private motorboats leave from Pernu, Umbai. Ferries run from the Malacca Pier, located at Melaka Raya, and from Anjung Batu Jetty. Ferries leave the Anjung Batu Jetty at 8:00, 10:00, 12:00, 14:30, 17:00, 18:30 and 20:30, and return 30 minutes thereafter (8:30, 10:30, etc.). The adult return ticket is RM14, children over 4 pay RM10, under 4 RM3. 
To get to Anjung Batu Jetty from Melaka, take bus "panaroma" #6A platform #8 from Melaka Sentral terminal, direction Merlimau/Muar. When purchasing the ticket (RM2.50) from the driver at boarding, tell the driver you are going to Anjung Batu Jetty, and he will announce the destination upon arrival.
Legends and features.
This island has many legends associated with it. 
Pulau Besar looks like a pregnant lady lying on her back. The locals around Pulau Besar revere the island and attribute it to many legends. It has also become a place of pilgrimage to a large number of Indian Muslims in Malaysia. Many pilgrims come to Pulau Besar to visit a mausoleum believed to be of a Wali, Sultan Ariffin Syeikh Ismail Waliallah. There are also numerous other graves visited by pilgrims such as that of Datok Janggut, Datuk Puteh and Nenek Kebayan. The group of 7 graves called Makam Tujuh Beradik were torn down by the state religious department during the 90's when the state government initiated construction work to build a hotel and golf course on the island. The resort operated for a few years before it eventually closed. 
At the highest point on the island exist a large boulder that is split down the middle. It is named "Batu Belah" and is a favourite destination for local pilgrims. There also exists a cave which is said to be the place of meditation for another Wali named Yusof. Near this cave, it is claimed one can see the footprint of the Wali on a boulder. In 1997 the Malaysian government labeled such practices as deviant and tore down many buildings that were erected around the mausoleum. This caused an uproar in the Indian Muslim communities who frequently visited Pulau Besar. By 2006, a new hall had been built using private funds from many Indian Muslim businessman.
The island is considered a holy place by local believers. Visitors are advised to abstain from consuming pork on the eve of the day of visit and throughout their stay there. They are also to be in their best behavior while on the island. . Accommodation is available at the chalets available on the island, namely Chandek Kura Hotel. Many visitors however pitch tents along the coast. Food is easily available from the few stalls there. Free food and drinks are also available from a canteen next to the Wakaf Makam Tujuh Beradik.
Future development.
There is new development for Pulau Besar. The New Strait Times on November 1, 2008 reported that Pulau Besar will be turned into the country's largest independent oil storage terminal by 2010. Located about 40 km from the Petronas largest refinery complex in Sungai Udang, and the island itself is along one of the world's busiest trade routes in the Straits of Malacca, it will see an investment of RM700 million and become a hub for the petroleum industry in this region. Melaka Chief Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Ali Rustam said the project would be implemented as soon as the Environmental Impact Assessment by the Department of Environment (DoE) had been completed.
As of March 2014, the development appears not to have been completed. 

</doc>
<doc id="5982837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982837" title="Abu Dujana">
Abu Dujana

Abu Dujana Simak bin Kharasha (died 632) was a sahaba and a skilled swordsman who is mentioned in Hadith narrations from the six major Hadith collections of Sunni Islam.
Skilled in melee combat.
Abu Dujana is remembered as being one of Prophet Muhammad most skilled companions in the battlefield, highly excelling in melee combat. He frequently distinguishing himself in battle by wearing a red band on his head, and engaged in bravado before fighting by strutting in front of his adversaries. In the Battle of Uhud, Prophet Muhammad gave Abu Dujana his sword as the often cited hadith narration reads:
During the Battle of Uhud, Abu Dujana pierced into the enemy's lines, and even came within striking distance to the notorious Quraish leader, Hind bint Utbah who was encouraging others to mutilate the body of dead Muslims. According to various accounts, Abu Dujana spared her since he did not want to stain Muhammad's sword with the blood of a woman.
Abu Dujana, during the Battle of Uhud, received several wounds in his back after placing himself around Prophet Muhammad so as to act as a protection from arrows.
Mentioned in various hadiths.
After the Battle of Uhud, the skilled warrior Ali spoke highly of his sword, though in a stunning pronouncement, Muhammad told Ali that Abu Dujana had likewise fought just as courageously.
Abu Dujana is mentioned in other hadiths including in Sahih Bukhari and Sahih Muslim (see also 23:4887) he is found being served a drink by Anas alongside Abu Suhail bin Al-Baida' made from unripe and ripe dates. When the prohibition came on alcoholic drinks, Anas promptly rid them of this drink (he spilt it).
Death.
He died in Battle of Yamama in 632. He was one of the two warriors (the other was Wahshy ibn Harb) who killed the self-proclaimed Prophet Musailima.

</doc>
<doc id="5982854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982854" title="Melanosis coli">
Melanosis coli

Melanosis coli, also pseudomelanosis coli, is a disorder of pigmentation of the wall of the colon, often identified at the time of colonoscopy. It is benign, and may have no significant correlation with disease. The brown pigment is lipofuscin in macrophages, not melanin.
Etiology.
The most common cause of melanosis coli is the extended use of laxatives, and commonly anthraquinone containing laxatives such as Senna and other plant glycosides. The anthranoid laxatives pass through the gastrointestinal tract unabsorbed until they reach the large intestine, where they are changed into their active forms. The resulting active compounds cause damage to the cells in the lining of the intestine and leads to apoptosis (a form of cell death). The damaged (apoptotic) cells appear as darkly pigmented bodies that may be taken up by scavenger cells known as macrophages. When enough cells have been damaged, the characteristic pigmentation of the bowel wall develops. The condition can develop after just a few months of laxative use.
However, other causes are identified, including an increase in colonic epithelial apoptosis. Endoscopically, the mucosa may show a brownish discoloration in a moire pattern.
Histologic appearance.
On biopsy, melanosis coli shows characteristic pigment-laden macrophages within the mucosa on PAS staining.
The histologic differential diagnosis of mucosal pigmentation is: lipofuscin (melanosis coli), hemosiderin-laden macrophages, and melanin (rare).
Prognosis.
No adverse effects or consequences of melanosis coli have been identified.
Relation to true melanoses.
The condition is unrelated to true melanoses, such as Peutz-Jeghers syndrome and smoker's melanosis.
Peutz-Jegher syndrome causes pigmentation of the skin and mucous surfaces with melanin, and polyps in the digestive tract.
Non-colonic pseudomelanoses.
Pseudomelanoses of other parts of the gastrointestinal tract have also been reported, and are of unclear relevance. 
Patients with colostomies can have melanosis involving the stoma, which is also of no significance.

</doc>
<doc id="5982867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982867" title="Equal Exchange">
Equal Exchange

Equal Exchange is a for-profit Fairtrade worker-owned, cooperative headquartered in West Bridgewater, Massachusetts. Equal Exchange distributes organic, gourmet coffee, tea, sugar, bananas, avocados, cocoa, and chocolate bars produced by farmer cooperatives in Latin America, Africa and Asia. Founded in 1986, it is the oldest and largest Fair Trade coffee company in the United States. The highest paid employee of Equal Exchange may not make more than four times what the lowest paid employee receives.
Equal Exchange is currently collaborating with cranberry, pecan, and almond farmers in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5982921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982921" title="The Familiar of Zero">
The Familiar of Zero

Between 2006 and 2012, the series was adapted by J.C.Staff into four anime television series and an additional original video animation episode. The first anime series was licensed by Geneon Entertainment in English, but the license expired in 2011. Sentai Filmworks has since licensed the fourth series as well as re-licensing the first season. A manga version drawn by Nana Mochizuki was serialized in Media Factory's manga magazine "Monthly Comic Alive" between August 2006 and October 2009. The manga is licensed by Seven Seas Entertainment for release in North America. Three additional spin-off manga were also created, as were three visual novels.
Plot.
Story and characters.
Louise is a noble girl who is terrible at magic, as her attempts usually result in an explosion. She is nicknamed "Zero Louise" by her classmates, due to the inability to use any of the four magic elements. Early in the school year at the Tristain Academy of Magic, the second year students perform a special ritual where they summon their familiar, which serves as their eternal protector and partner, and is usually some sort of magical creature. But Louise summons Saito Hiraga, an ordinary teenage boy from Japan, leaving her totally humiliated.
Due to the sacredness of the ritual, Louise reluctantly accepts Saito as her familiar, but proceeds to treat Saito as any other familiar, only worse, making him wash her clothes, sleep on a bed of hay, and whipping him with a riding crop for little or no reason. "The Familiar of Zero" follows the adventures of Louise and Saito as they help their classmates and friends, while occasionally blundering into situations where they risk their lives to save one another. Saito tries to find a way to get back to Japan, but he also has a mysterious power that allows him to wield swords and other weapons to perform heroic feats. They also eventually learn the truth behind Louise's magic inabilities.
Media.
Light novels.
"The Familiar of Zero" began as a series of light novels written by Noboru Yamaguchi and illustrated by Eiji Usatsuka under the original title "Zero no Tsukaima". Media Factory published 20 volumes in Japan between June 25, 2004 and February 25, 2011. Further publication was threatened by Yamaguchi's advanced cancer, which he succumbed to on April 4, 2013, leaving the series unfinished. Yamaguchi had planned the series to end with 22 volumes. A side-story, "Zero no Tsukaima Gaiden: Tabatha no Bōken", initially available as a cellular-phone online serial, was released in three volumes between October 25, 2006 and March 25, 2009. Seven Seas Entertainment licensed the series in 2007 under the title "Zero's Familiar", but later cancelled the release of the novels.
Anime.
"The Familiar of Zero" has been adapted into an anime series running for four seasons by the animation studio J.C.Staff. The first season aired in Japan between July 3 and September 25, 2006, and contained thirteen episodes. In April 2007 at Anime Boston, Geneon announced that they had picked up the English dubbing rights of the first season of the anime series under the title "The Familiar of Zero". In July 2008, Geneon Entertainment and Funimation Entertainment announced an agreement to distribute select titles in North America. While Geneon Entertainment still retained the license, Funimation Entertainment assumed exclusive rights to the manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution of select titles. "The Familiar of Zero" was one of several titles involved in the deal. Funimation released a complete box set of the series on November 4, 2008. Funimation reported their rights to the series expired in August 2011. Sentai Filmworks re-licensed the first series in North America in 2013 and released it digitally. Sentai released the Geneon English-language version on DVD and Blu-ray on April 8, 2014.
The second season under the extended title aired in Japan between July 9 and September 24, 2007, containing twelve episodes. A third season, also containing twelve episodes, entitled , aired on Japan's Chiba TV between July 6 and September 21, 2008, and Arts Central in Singapore between July 10 and September 24, 2008. An original video animation episode for the third season was released on December 24, 2008. A fourth and final season titled "Zero no Tsukaima F" aired twelve episodes between January 7 and March 24, 2012. In 2012, Sentai Filmworks licensed the fourth season (under the name "The Familiar of Zero F") in North America, released it digitally and plans to release the series on home video.
Music and audio CDs.
The four anime seasons used two pieces of theme music each; one opening theme and one ending theme. The first season's opening theme is "First kiss" by Ichiko, released on July 26, 2006, and the ending theme is by Rie Kugimiya, released on August 9, 2006. The second season's opening theme is "I Say Yes" by Ichiko, released on July 25, 2007, and the ending theme is by Rie Kugimiya, released on August 8, 2007. The first seasons original soundtrack was released on August 23, 2006, and the second seasons' soundtrack was released on August 22, 2007. The third season's opening theme is "You're The One" by Ichiko and the ending theme is "Gomen ne" by Rie Kugimiya. The fourth season's opening theme is "I'll Be There For You" by Ichiko and the ending theme is "Kiss Shite Agenai" by Rie Kugimiya, both released on February 1, 2012.
Both the first and second seasons released four character song albums each. The first CD is for Louise and Saito which is sung by Rie Kugimiya and Satoshi Hino. The second CD is for Montmorency and Guiche which is sung by Mikako Takahashi and Takahiro Sakurai; the first two CDs were both released on September 6, 2006. The third CD is for Kirche and Tabitha which is sung by Nanako Inoue and Yuka Inokuchi. The fourth, and final CD from the first season, is for Henrietta and Siesta which is sung by Ayako Kawasumi and Yui Horie; the third and fourth CDs were both released on September 21, 2006. The first CD for the second season is for Louise which is sung by Rie Kugimiya. The second CD is for Henrietta which is sung by Ayako Kawasumi; the first two CDs were both released on October 10, 2007. The third CD is for Siesta which is sung by Yui Horie. The fourth, and final CD from the second season, is for Eleanor and Cattleya which is sung by Kikuko Inoue and Kotomi Yamakawa; the third and fourth CDs were both released on October 24, 2007.
Two audio dramas were released for the second season. The first is a compilation of radio drama episodes from "The Familiar of Zero" Internet radio show "Zero no Tsukaima on the radio: Tristain Mahō Gakuin e Yōkoso" and was released on July 25, 2007. The second album is a drama CD featuring the characters Louise, Kirche, and Tabitha—voiced by Rie Kugimiya, Nanako Inoue, and Yuka Inokuchi respectively—which was released on September 5, 2007.
Manga.
A manga series illustrated by Nana Mochizuki was serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine "Monthly Comic Alive" between the August 2006 and October 2009 issues, published by Media Factory. Seven "tankōbon" volumes were released by Media Factory under their MF Comics imprint. The manga is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment under the title "Zero's Familiar", and will release it over three omnibus volumes. The manga was also licensed by Elex Media Komputindo in Indonesia and released up to volume three in English under the title "The Familiar of Zero", and in the Czech Republic by Zoner Press.
A spin-off series, illustrated by Higa Yukari and titled as "Zero no Tsukaima Chevalier", was serialized between the March 2010 and May 2013 issues of "Comic Alive". There are also two other spin-offs serialized in "Comic Alive": "Zero no Tsukaima Gaiden: Tabatha no Bōken" by Takuto Kon, which was serialized in "Comic Alive" between December 2007 and August 2010 and compiled in five volumes, and "Zero no Chukaima: Yōchien nano!" by Takamura Masaya.
Visual novels.
Three visual novels for the PlayStation 2 were developed by Marvelous Interactive. The first, , was released in limited and regular editions on February 15, 2007 in Japan. This was followed by on November 29, 2007 and on November 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5982930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982930" title="Long Beach Branch">
Long Beach Branch

The Long Beach Branch is an electrified rail line and service owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York. The branch begins at Valley Interlocking, at Valley Stream station, where the Atlantic Branch tracks from the west are redesignated Long Beach Branch and the Far Rockaway Branch curves south. East from there the Long Beach Branch parallels the Montauk Branch to Lynbrook, where it turns south toward Long Beach. 
History.
The Long Beach Branch began as the New York and Long Beach Railroad Company from Lynbrook to Long Beach in 1880. The original southern terminus was along the Atlantic Ocean. LIRR leased and operated the NY&LB RR from 1880 to 1904, at which time the NY&LB RR merged with the LIRR. Five years later, the station was moved from the ocean front to Reynolds Channel, where it remains today.
A five mile (8 km) extension to Point Lookout, New York owned by the Long Beach Marine Railway Company existed between 1881 and 1895. When the LIRR bought the line in 1886, they continued to operate passenger trains along the line until 1890.
The branch was extended westward from Lynbrook to Valley Stream in 1910 as part of its integration into the Atlantic Branch. The line was double-tracked from Valley Stream to Lynbrook in late 1910, then from East Rockaway to Wreck Lead (“WL”) on January 15, 1927. Electrification of the main tracks from Valley Stream to Long Beach was finished in September 1910. Electrification came to freight sidings between 1928 and 1930. Color light signals were installed in January, 1927; they were later replaced by PRR-style position light signals.
Hurricane Sandy service disruptions.
Hurricane Sandy struck Long Island on October 29-30, 2012, and the Long Beach Branch was the most seriously affected of all the LIRR lines. Third rail power was lost, as three of the four substations on the line were knocked out. The line between Island Park and Long Beach was strewn with debris, and switch motors at Long Beach station, along with other signal and communications components on the line, were rendered inoperative due to immersion in salt water. Partial service was restored on November 14, when a diesel-operated shuttle between Lynbrook and Long Beach began operating on a modified weekday schedule, with shuttle buses being utilized on weekends and Thanksgiving in place of train service. Full electric service, initially not expected to return until January 2013, was restored much earlier than anticipated, on November 25, 2012.
Service.
On weekdays, most Long Beach Branch trains serve Penn Station, with limited service to/from Atlantic Terminal, and run express between Jamaica and Valley Stream. On weekends, trains also stop at Locust Manor, Laurelton and Rosedale, and all trains serve Penn except for some post-midnight trains to/from Atlantic Terminal and one to Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="5982931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982931" title="Amar es Combatir">
Amar es Combatir

Amar es Combatir (English: "To Love Is To Fight") is the seventh studio album released by the Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná. The album, which was released on August 22, 2006, became the band's first release in four years.
On February 11, 2007, the album won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album. On April 26, 2007 it received two Billboard Latin Music Awards.
The band Re-released this album with a Deluxe Limited Edition CD & DVD on March 27, 2007.
Charts.
"Amar Es Combatir" debuted at #4 on the "Billboard" 200 chart and #1 on the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart, selling nearly 87,000 copies in its first week of release in the United States. This marked the highest first-week sales and chart position for a Spanish language album by a duo or group and the first Spanish language album to debut atop the rock albums tally. It is also tied with Shakira's "Fijación Oral Vol. 1" (2005) as the highest debut of a Spanish language album in the history of "Billboard".
The album has produced three "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks number-one singles: "Labios Compartidos", "Bendita Tu Luz" and "Manda Una Señal".
Awards.
Billboard Latin Music Awards
Grammy Awards
MTV Video Music Awards Latin America

</doc>
<doc id="5982934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982934" title="Glossary of bagpipe terms">
Glossary of bagpipe terms

This article defines a number of terms that are exclusive, or whose meaning is exclusive, to piping and pipers.

</doc>
<doc id="5982936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982936" title="William Buckland (architect)">
William Buckland (architect)

William Buckland (1734–1774) was an architect who designed in colonial Maryland and Virginia.
Biography.
Born at Oxford, England, Buckland spent seven years as an apprentice to his uncle, James Buckland, "Citizen and Joiner" of London. At 21, he was brought to Virginia as an indentured servant to Thomas Mason, brother of George Mason. Most notable among his repertoire are: Gunston Hall (c. 1755-1759) and Hammond-Harwood House (c. 1774).
Works.
He is known to have worked on the architecture or interiors of:
Other works sometimes attributed to Buckland include:

</doc>
<doc id="5982944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982944" title="Everflex">
Everflex

Everflex is a British fabric used as a roof covering on cars, and is a type of vinyl roof
Everflex is used on both hardtops and convertibles. 
Its usage was popular from the 1960s to the 1980s on luxury cars. Though its popularity has greatly decreased for new vehicles, it is still manufactured for restorers. The material is similar to the vinyl used on most vehicles, but is more durable and more expensive. On hardtop vehicles, fabric is placed below the Everflex material to add weight and body, often making the car look more like a genuine convertible. On older vehicles, a fabric called "Union Cloth" was used, but it quickly deteriorates; trapping water and damaging the Everflex material and roof. The Everflex is then glued down and can be screwed in around doors and windows. Three notable car companies that use Everflex material are Rolls-Royce, Bentley Motors Limited and Jaguar Cars. The feature was most popular on the Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5982946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982946" title="Malcolm Elias">
Malcolm Elias

Malcolm Elias is the Head of Talent ID and Recruitment at Fulham Academy. He holds a UEFA A license.
Early career.
Prior to joining Southampton, he was a youth development officer at Oxford United and Swansea City. Martin Keown, Mark Wright and Garry Parker are just a few of the many players Elias helped into professional football.
Southampton.
Elias was with Southampton for seven years, where he helped transform the Saints into a good production line of young talent. Elias is remembered at Southampton as the man who discovered 17-year-old England striker Theo Walcott. He turned down an offer from Chelsea F.C. to revamp the club’s youth set up at the start of the 2004/5 season. 
Controversy leaving Southampton.
On leaving Saints, Elias told the Daily Echo: "The current uncertainty has had something to do with my decision." Elias also accused Michael Wilde of being "uninterested" in the academy.
Elias’ move to Liverpool is not without controversy. The Chief Executive of Southampton F.C., Jim Hone said that one of his first jobs as Saints chief executive will be to discover whether head of recruitment Elias was the subject of an illegal approach by the Anfield giants prior to joining Liverpool in a similar capacity. Jim Hone said, "There would clearly have been a financial incentive to go to a bigger club like Liverpool and, if Mr Elias didn't leave with the permission of Southampton, we have to ask whether he was tapped up." 
There were also fears that Elias might tempt Gareth Bale to join him at Liverpool. Bale couldn't sign a professional contract with Southampton until 16 July, his 17th birthday, but Elias has given all Saints fans the news they wanted to hear. He said: "Gareth is at the best place he can be right now. I know he's very happy staying with the other academy players at The Lodge and I'm sure Rupert Lowe arranged a pre-contract agreement with Gareth before he left."
Liverpool.
Elias was appointed Director of Recruitment at Liverpool F.C. Academy, part of Liverpool’s attempt to breathe life into the £10million academy, which has not produced the expected volume of quality players since its opening in 1999. Elias revealed that the doubt surrounding Rupert Lowe's future at the Football Club played a huge part in his decision to move on. 
Elias left the Liverpool F.C. Academy on 19 June 2009. The two parties reached a mutual agreement following an internal restructure at The Academy 
Fulham.
Elias became the Head of Talent ID and Recruitment at Fulham Academy on 6 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5982947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982947" title="Walla!">
Walla!

Walla! () is an Israeli web portal, providing news, search and e-mail, among other things. One of the first Israeli internet portals, Walla! is considered as one of the most popular web sites in the country. , Alexa rankings put it in the top 9 sites by traffic originating in Israel. The portal was founded by Erez Pilosof and Gadi Hadar in 1995, and soon afterwards acquired by "Mashov Computers Marketing", a member of The Mashov Group headed by Yaki Dunietz and David Assia. In 1998, the company, traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, changed its name to "Walla! Communications Ltd". In the same year, the company was acquired by Formula Systems, headed by Dan Goldstein, and in 2001 it merged with IOL, a similar site run by the Ha'aretz Group. 
Walla! provides news from Israel and around the world, 24 hours a day. Most news stories that appear in Walla! come from the Ha'aretz Group, news agencies and other content providers. However, during the year 2006, Walla! started building an independent news and editorial staff, which produces original news stories and special features. In addition, Walla! produces original content in various fields such as sports, cinema, music, fashion and food.
The website offers many programs and services, a search engine, E-mail, online shops, chats, and video on demand. The main holders of the company are Bezeq and Ha'aretz Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5982949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982949" title="Municipal Guards">
Municipal Guards

Municipal Guards (Guardas Municipais), also called the Municipal Civil Guards, are the security forces of municipalities (cities) of Brazil. Created in the time of the Empire of Brazil, the guardsmen are subordinated to the municipality mayors (in Portuguese, "prefeitos"). Trained as a civilian uniformed agency, the city guards are responsible to police the municipal parks, properties, installations and the interior of municipal councils and city halls, according to the Brazilian Federal Constitution.
Their patrols are called "rondas" ("rounds") and there are 753 municipalities with Municipal Guards with more than 74,000 operatives according with the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics. They are treated as police officers by the former president of the IPA (International Police Association) Brazilian section, Mr. George Henry Millard. The former Brazilian Minister of Justice and elected governor of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Mr. Tarso Genro, asked for them to be given more jurisdiction for their operatives, and especially for their official recognition by Brazil as public safety workers.
Legal basis.
Legally mandated missions IAW article 144, § 8º of the Federal Charter, when establishing activities, agencies and performance front to the Public Security and the safety of the people and the patrimony, stresses the responsibility of all but and mainly of the "State" (Union, States, Federal District and Cities), for the following:
Organization.
The Municipal Guards or Municipal Civil Guards had been reorganized from the original document of the Federal Constitution (1988), giving authority to the cities to create Municipal Guards for the protection of their goods, services and installations, and who are able to make use of the Law.
Therefore, as a priority, they have to be able to act in these situations, but they also must be able to act in any other situation when crime is detected in the act, or threatens order or life, because in these cases, as the same Law, "any of the people can and the authorities & agents must act". Thus, even though it has divergences on the possibility the Municipal Guards' actions, the action is still supported by the Law.
These organizations diverge sufficiently between one and another city. There is a common error which cites them as paramilitary organizations, when in the truth, the only reference to this type of organization in the Brazilian laws says that these paramilitary organizations do not have to exist. Therefore, the Municipal Guards are not paramilitary, nor need to have similarity with military organizations, although normally to be initiated under the command of military pensioners of the BMP, which generally don't act in the interests of the Civil Guard, presenting some traces of these organizations. These traces, however, are being questioned for their integration and, gradually, reviewed, because the guards, as many even though are autodenominam, are civil, and not military, thus do not need, to have military vices, crazes to form its hierarchy and funcionability.
Civil Guard.
The Municipal Civil Guard is a type of municipal civil police which can be created by specific laws of the chamber of the councilmen of the city as an instrument for public security in the city. Its components possess the same prerogatives and legal obligations as the municipality's employees. The GCM, as it is known, can still assist the other agencies of public security, such as: the Federal Police, Federal Road Police, Federal Railroad Police, Civil Police, (including the Superintendence of State Scientific Police Service) and the Military Police including the Corps of Military Firemen. By a ""súmula"" (Portuguese for "ruling", or "stare decisis") of the Supreme Federal Tribunal, the scientific police are considered a branch of the Civil Police because of the principle of the indivisibility of criminal inquiry, fitting into the States of the Brazilian Federation that had conferred it autonomy, to subordinate it, again, to those institutions.
In São Paulo they receive the name "Metropolitan Civil Guard". The use of marine blue uniforms for the Guards has been stipulated. In Rio De Janeiro it is only called only Municipal Guard and the uniform color is khakis. The Civil Guards are organizations of civil, not militarized corporations. Civil Guards of the cities with 20,000 inhabitants are authorized to use weapons transport. Firearms are only allowed with legal authorization. The transport is granted by the Federal government (Policy Statute of the Disarmament).
Up to 1965, the Civil Police of the most populous States of Brazil had in its administrative structure a full integration with the Civil Guard, but the police reforms in the beginning of the 20th century and designated them as preventive police, together, with the Military Police. These reforms were made more clear in the Coup D'état on March 30, 1,964; which ended autonomy in the Brazilian federal subjects (the Union, the Federal District, The States of Union and the Autonomal Municipalities). The idea was to eliminate any resistance against the military regime. The Great Goal of the act was the elimination of the Republican State Civilian "Guardas" as well as the Republican Municipal Civilian "Guardas".
The deriving government of the Military Coup of '64, establishing rigid control on the municipal and state uniformed police forces, extinguished the Civil Guards and many Municipal Guards too. They also succeeded in regulating the supervisory norms of the Army on the Military Police and nominated an official of the Army to command them in all the States.
Constititional Amendment.
There is a PEC (Proposal of Constitutional Amendment, PEC nº 534/2002) which would change the Brazilian City/Municipal Guards constitutional status. If approved, the good use of police power will be regulated to every Municipal Guard Corps to serve and protect the Brazilian cities and citizens, transforming these corporations into law enforcement agencies de jure (The Brazilian people consider the "Guardas" policemen de facto, and the Brazilian Ministry of Justice are treating the guards as constables. However, the Brazilian State Police Forces don't agree with this ideal- In deed, all the municipal guard operatives accuses the State sheriffs and colonels of interfering in the municipality autonomy. In Portuguese, this act is called ""ingerência"").
The PEC was approved in the Brazilian Federal Senate and the Brazilian Federal House of Representatives Justice Commission (now it's waiting to be approved in the Brazilian Federal House of Representatives, in two voting sessions, with open vote). After that, the PEC will need to be approved by the President of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="5982960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982960" title="Brasted railway station">
Brasted railway station

Brasted is a disused intermediate railway station on the closed Westerham Valley Branch Line in Kent.
The station was built by the Westerham Valley Railway Company and soon taken over by the South Eastern Railway which became the South Eastern and Chatham Railway in 1899. Operations passed to the Southern Railway upon the railway grouping in 1923 and thereafter on nationalisation of the railways to the Southern Region of British Railways which closed the Westerham Branch on 30 October 1961 ostensibly due to low patronage. The line was the subject of a revival/preservation attempt which was scuppered by plans for the M25 which called for the use of much of the route of the line. The track was lifted by 1967 and the station demolished in 1977 during construction of the M25.
The station approach to Brasted is now a works road leading on to the M25, with the actual accessway covering the site of the former booking hall. Just beyond that area is the former station goods yard, formerly occupied by a local coal merchant, which appears derelict and is closed off by steel gates. The stationmaster's house has survived and lies to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="5982968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982968" title="NEAC">
NEAC

NEAC is a four-letter acronym that can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5982989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982989" title="Mary Hannay Foott">
Mary Hannay Foott

Mary Hannay Foott (26 September 1846 – 12 October 1918), was an Australian poet and editor who is best remembered for the poem "Where the pelican builds". 
Mary Hannay Foott was born at Glasgow to a merchant, James Black, and his wife Miss Grant. The family came to Australia in 1853. Mary lived for some years with her parents near Melbourne and went to Miss Harper's school. She was afterwards one of the first students at the Melbourne National Gallery Art School, and also studied painting under Louis Buvelot. 
In 1874 Mary married Thomas Wade Foott and lived for three years in Bourke, New South Wales. In 1877 her husband took up country on the Paroo River in South West Queensland. One of her poems, "New Country", is descriptive of her own experience, and the next seven years in this country had a great influence on her writings. Her husband died in 1884 from over-work and exposure during the drought of that year, and the losses of stock were so great that Mrs Foott was obliged to sell her interest in the property and move to Toowoomba, Queensland. 
In July 1885 Foott went to Rocklea, near Brisbane, and opened a private school which supported her family. In the same year she published her first volume "Where the Pelican Builds and Other Poems", and began to do journalistic work for the "Queenslander" and "Brisbane Courier". In 1887 she joined the staff of the Queenslander and wrote under the pen-name of "La Quenouille", but several stories also appeared in her own name. These have never been collected. "Morna Lee and Other Poems", largely a reprint of her first volume, was published in 1890. Mrs Foott continued her literary work for many years at Brisbane, and from 1907 at Bundaberg, Queensland, where she died in September 1918. 
Foott's younger son was killed in action at Passchendaele in September 1917, and she was survived by her other son, Brigadier-General Cecil Henry Foott, C.B., C.M.G., who was born on 16 January 1876, educated as an engineer, and serving with distinction through the great war was six times mentioned in dispatches. He commanded the 4th Division A.M.F. 1929-31, and died on 27 June 1942.
Mrs Foott's published verse was small in quantity but usually of good quality. One of her poems "Where the Pelican Builds" is included in most Australian anthologies. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983009" title="West Hempstead Branch">
West Hempstead Branch

The West Hempstead Branch is an electrified rail line owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) in the U.S. state of New York.
The branch separates from the Montauk Branch just east of Valley Stream, and runs northeast to West Hempstead. The line has one track between Westwood station and Hempstead Gardens and two from there to the end of the line in West Hempstead, the southbound or east track being a siding.
Since Valley Stream only has platforms on the Atlantic Branch, which parallels the Montauk Branch to the south, most West Hempstead Branch trains that serve Valley Stream are shuttles that terminate there.
As the smallest LIRR commuter branch, West Hempstead was one of the last in the system to modernize. It was the last of the electrified LIRR branches to receive high level platforms, in the early 1970s, and the last of the electrified branches to be fitted with Automatic Train Control (known as Automatic Speed Control by the LIRR), which it received in October 2009 during a system overhaul and upgrade at Valley Interlocking. Nevertheless, the branch is one of the LIRR lines most vulnerable to closure, and has been threatened with abandonment in recent years. In September 2010, the line lost weekend service, except for St. Albans, which is served by trains on the Babylon Branch on weekends. (Trains do not stop at both St. Albans and Valley Stream.)
History.
The West Hempstead Branch was the indirect successor to the old South Side Railroad's Southern Hempstead Branch, which ran a similar route north from Valley Stream to Hempstead, before being torn up in the 1880s. Built in 1893 by the New York Bay Extension Railroad Company and merged with the LIRR in 1902, the West Hempstead Branch originally extended beyond its current terminus and through Hempstead. It connected with the current day Hempstead Branch at Country Life Press. From the Country Life Press station, the line had several routings it could take. It could loop west and continue down the Hempstead Branch to Jamaica. Through an elaborate wye system, trains could also loop east and continue down the Central Branch to Babylon (the split between the Hempstead and Central Branches occur just west of Country Life Press). Trains could also head north on the wye and continue all the way north to Mineola and connect with either the Main Line and Oyster Bay Branches.
On October 19, 1926, the entire line was elecrified. The connection to the Oyster Bay Branch was severed in 1928, while the portions of the line between Mineola and Country Life Press and between Country Life Press and West Hempstead were taken out of revenue passenger service in the late 1930s due to the costly grade crossing elimination improvements imposed upon the LIRR by the Interstate Commerce Commission, as well as the New York Public Service Commission. Freight trains and non-revenue rerouting trains continued down these portions until the late 1960s when they were finally torn up. The rights-of-way, however, remain intact.

</doc>
<doc id="5983019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983019" title="Dick Johnson (clarinetist)">
Dick Johnson (clarinetist)

Dick Johnson (December 1, 1925 – January 10, 2010) was an American big band clarinetist, best known for his work with the Artie Shaw Band. From 1983 until his death he was the leader of the Artie Shaw Orchestra.
Born Richard Brown Johnson in Brockton, Massachusetts, he also played the alto saxophone and flute. Johnson worked with Frank Sinatra, the Swing Shift Orchestra, Dizzy Gillespie and Tony Bennett.
Johnson died in Boston, Massachusetts after a short illness, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="5983038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983038" title="List of schools in Kenya">
List of schools in Kenya

This is a list of schools in Kenya.
Primary schools in Kenya may be designated as follows:
For a complete list of schools in Kenya at all levels go to www.kenyaschoolreport.com
List of schools.
For a complete list of schools in Kenya at all levels go to www.kenyaschoolreport.com
Nyandarua.
Rwanyambo Primary School
Njogu-ini Primary School
Weru Primary School
Bungoma.
iiyuni primary school
Kakamega.
matundu primary school
Makueni.
Nyaani primary school
musalala primary school
Muluti Primary School
Kituiuni Primary school
mutungu primary school
nunguni primary school
katulye primary school
Nairobi.
Milimani Primary School
Kaloleni Primary School,Kaloleni
Rachuonyo.
Alara primary school
kisindi primary school
Lugari.
Angayu prinary school
Mbajo primary school
Musembe Primary school
Koromaiti prmary school
Edmos primary school
Secondary/ High Schools.
Arch-bishop Njenga Girls High School,By Lugongo Doreen
Nyamninia Secondary School, Nyamninia

</doc>
<doc id="5983039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983039" title="William Blosseville">
William Blosseville

William II, called de Blosseville, was the consul and duke of Gaeta from 1103 to 1105. He appears on Gaetan follari of his time as DV or "dux Vilelmus". 
In 1105, he was exiled by Richard I of Aquila after less than two years as duke.

</doc>
<doc id="5983051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983051" title="First Rider's Call">
First Rider's Call

"First Rider's Call" (2003) is the second novel written by Kristen Britain and is the second book in its series.
Plot summary.
Now a Green Rider, one of the king's elite troop of messengers, Karigan returns to Sacor City giving up her merchant lifestyle. The story opens a year into this service as danger is threatening the kingdom of Sacoridia once again. The dark magic in Blackveil Forest is restless, and has found an outlet through the breach in the D'Yer Wall, which has protected Sacoridia from the forest for over 1000 years. This influx of magic has messed up a land that has largely learned to live without magic during this time. Strange instances of animals turned to stone and entire villages disappearing are brought to the palace from around the country. In the end the strange magic touches even the main city as suits of iron are brought to life and snow falls within the castle. Even the Green Riders' magic goes haywire sending Captain Mapstone into solitary confinement. As a result Mara (another rider) and Karigan are left to lead the riders as best they can. Throughout the book Karigan has visions of the First Rider, Lil Ambriodhe, who is the long-dead founder of the troop.
Karigan meets with an Eletian prince and learns that she has wild magic within her that entered her as a result of her battle with Shawdell in the previous book. This wild magic augments her rider ability and allows her to do some interesting time travel, even visiting Lil in her own time. However, it also allows Mornhavon the Black to possess her. However, Karigan uses this to her favour at the end of the book. Whilst Mornhavon possesses her, she transports him into the future and then with the help of Lil Ambriodhe, deposits him there. This buys the defenders of Sacoridia time to prepare for Mornhavon's return.
With the weakening of the wall, Mornhavon's spirit reawakens in Blackveil forest and begins to control the forest. Alton D'Yer is sent to fix the wall, but is betrayed by Seargent Uxton and knocked over the side of the wall into Blackveil. Mornhavon then possesses Alton and tricks him into singing the song that would destroy the D'Yer Wall keeping him imprisoned. Mornhavon also raises two lietenants from his army from the dead but they are destroyed later in the book.
An interesting web woven throughout the book is the journal of Hadriax el Fex. Hadriax El Fex was Mornhavon's right hand man and best friend. From Hadriax's journals you learn who Mornhavon the Black was. He was Alessandros del Mornhavon, a prince of a foreign land called Arcosia. He comes to Sacoridia to conquer the land and harvest the lands magic to prove himself to his father. He destroys the Eletian city of Argenthythe and many of the human cities. He faces resistance, though, and the war becomes long and drawn out and becomes the Long War referred to in the book. He loses contact with his father and the empire of Arcosia and feels abandoned by his father. This abandonment and his quest for ultimate power lead him to commit foul experiments to increase his power and make a foul weapon called the Black Star. Hadriax, increasingly dislikes the Long War and Mornhavon's experiments. It becomes too much for Hadriax when Mornhavon sacrifices one of his elite units to power the Black Star. Hadriax joins the Sacoridian league against Mornhavon and helps to bring Mornhavon down. Mornhavon is defeated by the Eletian king in the final battle of the long war. Karigan receives a copy of Hadriax's journal from Estral who finds it in the archives in Selium. From the journal, Karigan learns that Hadriax changes his name to Hadriax G'ladheon and that he is Karigan's ancestor.
Overall the book more fully develops the characters met in the first book and introduces new characters that further the plot.

</doc>
<doc id="5983056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983056" title="Avenging Angel">
Avenging Angel

Avenging Angel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983071" title="JM Barker (Hapupu) Historic Reserve">
JM Barker (Hapupu) Historic Reserve

JM Barker (Hapupu) National Historic Reserve is 33 hectares of kopi forest which was created to protect Moriori tree carvings called momori-rakau (or dendroglyphs). 
The reserve is located at the north-eastern end of Chatham Island, the main island in the Chatham Islands, close to Hanson Bay.
History.
"Hapupu" was gifted to the New Zealand government in 1979 by Barker Bros (Brothers AND Sisters) Ltd.
It is one of only two national historic reserves in New Zealand. This designation reflects the particular importance of Hapupu both culturally and spiritually for the Moriori of "Rekohu"
(Chatham Islands).
The momori rakau are among the few visible remaining signs of pre-European contact Moriori culture. The carvings depict Moriori "karapuna" (ancestors) and symbols of the natural world, such as "patiki" (flounder) and the "hopo" (albatross). During the review in late 1998 here were found 82 trees with carvings. 
Numbers of momori rakau have been steadily declining due to; the age of the host trees, stock grazing, wind and in earlier years: people removing the carvings as souvenirs.
The reserve was fenced in 1980 to provide protection for the tree carvings from grazing stock and this is now showing very good recovery.
Planning is underway between the Department of Conservation (DOC) and the Moriori people to secure a small portion of the reserve for contemporary Moriori carvers to begin a new generation of momori-rakau.
Barker Bros, recently sold most of their remaining farmland, including that which surrounds Hapupu, to Hokotehi Moriori Trust, the mandated body responsible for Moriori assets, acquisitions and negotiations.
The momori rakau have been the subject of much debate throughout the years mainly about the purpose behind them. One author has even released a book in 2007 in which he broadly claims that the carvings depict mainly birds and has even given these carvings a new name "manu -moriori" which could be translated to mean bird people. Chatham Island Moriori representatives are not supportive of the release or sale of this book as it is another example of someone making money out of the cultural and intellectual property rights of Moriori.
Moriori do not consider themselves to be 'Bird People" either, but can rightfully claim synergy with the creations of nature all around them. Moriori have been the guardians of Rekohu since the dawn of time and were doing a pretty good job until they were interrupted in 1791 by a European 'discovery.'
The only recorded example of a Moriori committing a carving to a tree on the Chatham Islands dates back to the 1840s when a Moriori carved a tree on Pitt Island after burying his murdered wife and child next to it. This example also has no relevance to birds.

</doc>
<doc id="5983091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983091" title="Lakeside High School (Hot Springs, Arkansas)">
Lakeside High School (Hot Springs, Arkansas)

Lakeside High School is a public high school located in Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States. The Garland County school was founded in 1928. For 2010–11, the school enrollment was 1,184 students occupying grades 8 through 12.
Academics.
The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Students complete regular (core and career focus) courses and exams and may select Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams that provide an opportunity for college credit. The school is accredited by the ADE.
Lakeside boasts winning three Golden Apple awards. This is the third consecutive year (2007) that Lakeside has been ranked among one of the top 10 school districts in the state.
Athletics.
The Lakeside team mascot is the Rams. For 2012–14, the Lakeside Rams compete in the 5A Classification from the 5A South Conference.
In addition to football, Lakeside also fields teams in sports including cross country, golf, tennis, baseball, basketball, soccer, track and field, volleyball, swimming, and bowling. The football team reached the state championship game in 1975 (where it lost to Stuttgart High School), but it has never captured the title. 
Fine arts.
Since his appointment as head band director of The Showband of Lakeside, Freddy Bell has taken the band to several marching as well as symphonic contests, where they have always received superior ratings. In their largest marching competition, the Northwest Arkansas Invitational in Siloam Springs, Arkansas, the band has placed in the top 10 in three of the past five years, receiving the distinction of "Best Drum Major" in 2002 and 2004. In 2000 The Showband of Lakeside took the Grand Champion prize of first place. The Lakeside Band program is also under the direction of assistant Jay Chipman who instructs all facets of the percussion program and conducts the high school concert band. Jessica Chipman teaches the middle school band and is coordinator of the high school colorguard. Nevada Mills directs the junior high band and marching fundamentals.
The choral program, under the direction of Mark Langley, has also participated in numerous contests, always receiving superior ratings. In 2004 and 2006 the Chamber Singers participated in a national competition (2004, Dallas, Texas ; 2006, San Antonio, Texas ) where they received high rankings as well.
Notable alumni.
The following are notable people associated with Lakeside High School. If the person was a Lakeside High School student, the number in parentheses indicates the year of graduation; if the person was a faculty or staff member, that person's title and years of association are included:

</doc>
<doc id="5983100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983100" title="Brevity (comic strip)">
Brevity (comic strip)

Brevity is a single-panel newspaper comic strip created by Guy Endore-Kaiser and Rodd Perry, and currently drawn by Dan Thompson. Brevity originally began on Comics Sherpa (a site which helps beginning comic strips make their work public over the web). It debuted in 55 newspapers on January 3, 2005. Today, Brevity is published in over 130 newspapers in the USA and Canada. There are currently four published collections and one treasury.
In the past few years the comics.com site has allowed visitors to submit comments on each strip. 
Books.
There are four collections and one treasury published by Andrews McMeel Publishing

</doc>
<doc id="5983108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983108" title="Mayfield railway station">
Mayfield railway station

Mayfield was a railway station on the now closed Eridge to Polegate cross country line (the Cuckoo Line). It was built by London, Brighton and South Coast Railway and closed under the Beeching Axe in 1965.
The station building is now a private residence. The trackbed and platforms have been removed and their site is now the occupied by the Mayfield by-pass ( A267).

</doc>
<doc id="5983125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983125" title="Mildura Country Music Festival">
Mildura Country Music Festival

The Mildura Country Music Festival is an annual Australian country music festival based in Mildura, Victoria. In 2005 it was sponsored by Telstra Countrywide. It focuses on independent country music artists (about 95 percent of performers in the Australian country music industry).
Much of the Festival is free and a live concert and radio presentation of the Australian Independent Country Music Awards recognise the achievements of the independent recording artists. Previous Independent Country Music Awards finalist and winners include:
Performers have included:

</doc>
<doc id="5983140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983140" title="Miss Florida">
Miss Florida

The Miss Florida competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Florida in the Miss America pageant. Florida has twice won the Miss America crown.

</doc>
<doc id="5983169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983169" title="Hempstead Branch">
Hempstead Branch

The Hempstead Branch is an electrified rail line and service owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York. The branch begins at the Main Line at Queens Interlocking, just east of Queens Village station. It parallels the Main Line past Bellerose to Floral Park, where it splits southward and continues east via the village of Garden City to Hempstead Crossing. There it turns south to the final two stations, Country Life Press and Hempstead. LIRR maps and schedules show Hempstead Branch service continuing west along the Main Line to Jamaica. (In other words, Queens Village and Hollis are actually on Main Line track, but the only trains stopping there are bound to/from the Hempstead Branch). The line is double tracked to just east of Garden City Station, where it is reduced to one track at Garden Interlocking for the final 1.4 miles to Hempstead station. 
History.
The original Hempstead Branch of the LIRR ran south from Mineola, ending just west of the current terminal in Hempstead. It opened on July 4, 1839 as the first branch of the LIRR.
The Central Railroad of Long Island opened from Flushing east to Hempstead Crossing and south to Hempstead on January 8, 1873; the main line east from Hempstead Crossing opened later that year on May 26. The Central Railroad's successor, the Flushing, North Shore and Central Railroad, was leased to the LIRR on May 3, 1876, and in June a connection at Hempstead Crossing was built, allowing trains from Mineola to use the ex-Central's Hempstead Branch; the original LIRR Hempstead Branch was abandoned south of Hempstead Crossing.
The old Central main line through Hempstead was named the Central Branch by the LIRR, while the line from Mineola on the LIRR's Main Line south past Hempstead Crossing to Hempstead was the Hempstead Branch. The New York Bay Extension Railroad opened the current West Hempstead Branch in 1893, resulting in a realignment of the Hempstead Branch from Hempstead Crossing south to Meadow Street to better connect to the new line.
The current route of the Hempstead Branch, from Queens Village east along the Main Line and Central Branch and south along the Hempstead Branch to Hempstead, was electrified on May 26, 1908. The then-Hempstead Branch north to Mineola was electrified on October 20, 1926, along with the West Hempstead Branch. The line north of Hempstead Crossing last saw passenger service on September 14, 1935, and was abandoned for freight in 1965. Park Interlocking at Floral Park was taken out in the circa-1960 grade crossing elimination; since then Hempstead Branch trains switch off the Main Line at Queens Village and continue next to it to Floral Park. At some point the old Central Branch west of Hempstead Crossing was renamed as part of the Hempstead Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="5983186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983186" title="Vehicle markings of the United States military">
Vehicle markings of the United States military

There are only two authorized methods of making bumper numbers: using adhesive vinyl (stickers) and paint.
United States Army vehicles must be marked with a unit designation to foster accountability and promote attention to detail during maintenance operations. The term "bumper number" refers the combination of numbers and letters on the front and rear of a vehicle.
There are many regulations that govern the use of bumper numbers. These regulations serve to standardize markings across the army in order to improve efficiency and ensure markings add to combat readiness.
The appearance of bumper numbers are a quick and representative sampling of the maintenance status of a unit. Proficiency in marking vehicles is an excellent indicator of deeper and more substantial efficacy of a unit. Bumper number also serve to provide a quick reference for identification and minimize confusion in the fog of war.
Applicable Army Regulations.
Army Technical Bulletin 43-0209, "Color, Marking, and Camouflage Painting of Military Vehicles, Construction Equipment and Materials Handling Equipment", standardizes how vehicle bumper numbers are applied. The markings are divided into four positions. Positions 1 and 2 are applied on the left, while positions 3 and 4 are applied on the right. The positions identify
Anything beyond this policy such as assigning a specific number against a specific unit position is a matter of unit standard operating procedure. However, the number six has traditionally been associated with the commander of the element. For example, a Humvee assigned to the commander of Charlie Company would be designated "C06," while the 1st Platoon, Charlie Company's command vehicle would be "C16," 2nd Platoon would be "C26," etc. 
Army Technical Bulletin 43-0139, "Painting and Instructions for Army Materiel", gives information about applying ID markings over camouflage colors. Black lettering must be used over brown or green paint, green lettering over black paint, and brown lettering over white or tan paint.
Army Regulation 750-1, "Army Materiel Maintenance Policy", allows MACOM commanders to conceal bumper numbers in tactical conditions. Overseas commanders may comply with international agreements regarding vehicle bumper numbers. That’s why some overseas commands paint solid light color rectangular boxes as the background for vehicle bumper numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5983191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983191" title="Sha Tin Pass">
Sha Tin Pass

Sha Tin Pass () or Shatin Pass, and sometimes Sha Tin Au, is a mountain pass between Temple Hill and Unicorn Ridge in Hong Kong. The pass is located north of the populous area of Tsz Wan Shan.
It was one of major accesses from Kowloon south to Sha Tin north before the construction roads and railway. The British Army built a road, Shatin Pass Road from Kowloon to the pass and some village in Sha Tin District but not to the town of Sha Tin.
Stage 4 of Wilson Trail and Stage 5 of MacLehose Trail split at the pass. Sheng Kung Hui has a site of Diocesan Youth Retreat House at the pass.

</doc>
<doc id="5983210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983210" title="Sarah Jane Woodson Early">
Sarah Jane Woodson Early

Sarah Jane Woodson Early, born Sarah Jane Woodson (November 15, 1825 - August 1907), was an American educator, black nationalist, temperance activist and author. A graduate of Oberlin College, she was hired at Wilberforce University in 1858 as the first African-American woman college instructor. 
She also taught for many years in community schools. After marrying in 1868 and moving to Tennessee with her minister husband Jordan Winston Early, she was principal of schools in four cities. Early served as national superintendent (1888–1892) of the black division of the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) and gave more than 100 lectures across five states. She wrote a biography of her husband and his rise from slavery that is included among postwar slave narratives.
Early life and education.
Sarah Jane Woodson, the fifth daughter and youngest child of eleven of Jemima (Riddle) and Thomas Woodson (1790–1879), was born free in Chillicothe, Ohio on November 15, 1825. Her parents had moved to the free state of Ohio about 1821 from Virginia, where they had gained freedom from slavery. 
They founded the first black Methodist church west of the Alleghenies. In 1830 the Woodsons were among the founders of a separate black farming community called Berlin Crossroads, since defunct. The nearly two dozen families by 1840 established their own school, stores and churches. Her father and some brothers became black nationalists, which influenced Sarah Woodson's activities as an adult. 
Her father believed that he was the oldest son of Sally Hemings and President Thomas Jefferson; this tradition became part of the family's oral history. It was not supported by known historical evidence. In 1998 DNA testing of descendants of the Jefferson, Hemings and Woodson male lines showed conclusively that there was no match between the Jefferson and Woodson lines; the Woodson male line did show western European paternal ancestry. According to historians at Monticello, no documents support the claim that Woodson was Hemings' first child, as he appeared to have been born before any known child of hers. 
In 1839 Sarah Woodson joined the African Methodist Episcopal Church (AME), founded in 1816 as the first independent black denomination in the United States. Her father and two older brothers, Lewis and John P., were ministers in the church. The Woodson family emphasized education for all their children. Sarah Jane and her older sister Hannah both attended Oberlin College; Sarah Jane completed the full program and graduated in 1856, among the first African-American women college graduates.
Career.
After graduation, she taught in black community schools in Ohio for several years. In 1863 she gave "Address to Youth," to the Ohio Colored Teachers Association, one of a number of speeches she gave following the Emancipation Proclamation to urge African-American youth to join the "political and social revolutions." She encouraged them to follow careers in education and the sciences to lead their race. 
When hired in 1858 at Wilberforce University in Wilberforce, Woodson became the first African-American woman college instructor. She was also the first black to teach at an Historically Black College or University (HBCU) and the only black to teach at an HBCU before the Civil War. Her brother, Rev. Lewis Woodson, was a trustee and founder of the college. It had been established in 1855 to educate black youth, as a collaboration between the white and black leaders of the Cincinnati Methodist conference and the AME Church in Ohio, respectively. Woodson's brother Lewis Woodson was among the original 24 founding trustees. Wilberforce closed for two years during the Civil War because of finances. It lost most of its nearly 200 subscription students at the beginning of the war, as they were mostly mixed-race children of wealthy planters from the South, who withdrew them at that time. During the war, the Cincinnati Methodist Conference could not offer its previous level of financial support, as it was called to care for soldiers and families. 
The AME Church purchased the college and reopened it; this was the first African-American owned and operated college. Sarah Jane Woodson taught English and Latin. She also served as Lady Principal and Matron. 
After the Civil War, in 1868, Woodson began teaching in a new school for black girls established by the Freedmen's Bureau in Hillsboro, North Carolina.
Marriage and family.
On September 24, 1868, Woodson, then age 42, married the Reverend Jordan Winston Early, an AME minister who rose from slavery. Sarah and Jordan Early had no children. 
Until his death in 1903, Sarah Early helped her husband with his ministries in numerous towns in Tennessee, where she also taught community schools. She taught school for nearly four decades, as she believed education was critical for the advancement of the race. She served as principal of large schools in four cities as well.
Reform activities.
Sarah W. Early became increasingly active in the women's temperance movement, one of numerous reform activities of the nineteenth century. In 1888 she was elected for a four-year term as national superintendent of the Colored Division of the Women's Christian Temperance Union; during her tenure, Early traveled frequently and gave more than 100 speeches to groups throughout a five-state region.
She died in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="5983218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983218" title="Nutty but Nice">
Nutty but Nice

Nutty but Nice is the 47th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
Plot.
The Stooges are working as singing waiters at a restaurant and meet two doctors (Vernon Dent, John Tyrrell) who ask them to cheer up Betty Williams, a little girl who is sick from grief because her father (Ned Glass), a bank cashier, has been kidnapped while delivering bonds. After the Stooges, as little girls with blonde sausage curls, fail to cheer her up, they volunteer to find the girl's father. The doctors give them a brief description of the father (middle-aged, bald-spot, an anchor tattoo, and 5'10" in his stocking feet). He and Betty like to yodel to each other, something Curly seems rather adept at.
The Stooges waste no time in stopping every suspect in sight and giving them the Stooge third degree. Frustrated, Curly starts yodeling, and after a few maladies that befall him (water, a flower pot, and a chair all crashing on his head), the boys hear a response from a radio that one of the kidnappers, Butch (Cy Schindell), has on. Butch is guarding Betty's father who is gagged and tied to a bed. Mistaking the yodeling cowboy on the radio for the cashier, the Stooges follow the sounds and intercede, knock out Butch, and free Betty's father.
Just then, three other members of the gang return. The Stooges and the father barricade the room door and use the dumbwaiter to escape to the basement. The four men follow them downstairs where a fight ensues, plunging everything into darkness, leaving only Curly fully conscious afterward to light a candle. The cashier is reunited with Betty, who recovers from her lethargy, and the pair, along with the two doctors, are serenaded at the restaurant by the Stooges.
Production notes.
"Nutty but Nice" was filmed from April 27 to May 2, 1940. The film title is a play on the expression, "naughty but nice".

</doc>
<doc id="5983221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983221" title="Raoh">
Raoh

Raoh figures prominently throughout the remainder of the manga following the conclusion of his story arc and would continue serving as a central character in related works published following the conclusion of the original manga and its anime adaptation. He serves as a central character in "" movie series and was the protagonist in his own spinoff manga and anime series "Legends of the Dark King".
Character overview.
Raoh is the eldest of the four adopted children trained by Ryuken, the previous Hokuto Shinken master. The manga and anime gives two different origins through the course of the story. In his first origin, Raoh and his biological younger brother Toki, were adopted by Ryuken after their real parents died. A second origin shows that a young Raoh and Toki, along with an infant Kenshiro, were actually refugees from the Kingdom of Shura who were sent to Japan to be trained in the art of Hokuto Shinken by Ryuken after their homeland was torn apart by a civil war.
Raoh trained under Ryuken along with Toki and Kenshiro, as well as another student named Jagi. In spite of his ambitions to become the greatest martial artist in the world, Raoh lost the rights to the Hokuto Shinken succession to Kenshiro. Refusing to give up the style, Raoh killed his sifu Ryuken in combat and leaves to become the savior of the world.
"Legends of the Dark King".
With the aid of his childhood friends Reina and Souga, Raoh gradually builds his army. Later he conquers the Dungeon City of Cassandra and takes over Goram the Demon King's castle as his own while taking the name of . Among his many subordinates are his adoptive brother Jagi, the Toki impersonator Amiba, Uighur the Warden of Cassandra Dungeon, Juda of the Nanto Seiken school, and Ryuga, the elder brother of Kenshiro's fiancee Julia, among others. Raoh also took a giant black stallion named as his personal steed. After his attempt to recruit Ryuroh into his army, Raoh became more cruel in his campaign. Eventually, Raoh confronts Souther and the two battle until it ends in a stalemate and a temporary ceasefire between their armies.
"Fist of the North Star" and "Legends of the True Savior".
Raoh first appears in the story after Kenshiro and his allies have destroyed Cassandra. Raoh and his army begin to occupy Mamiya's home village afterward. Rei is the first warrior to challenge him, but he proves to be no match against Raoh and is defeated. He is then challenged by both, Ken and Toki, and managed to thwart both. In the end, Raoh fights Ken again and the battle between the two men end in a stalemate, with both too wounded to continue fighting. As revealed in the "The Legends of the True Savior" segment, "Legend of Raoh - Chapter of Love in Death", after being forced to kill Souga in a ruse to boost his army's morale and dissuade them from revolting, Raoh's army battles Souther's army until Reina is injured while saving an infant caught in the crossfire. Raoh then saves Reina's life by striking a pressure point and entrusts her to Toki, leaving with her the pendant she gave to Raoh when he left the Land of Asura as a child. 
After Souther's defeat, Raoh re-emerges to resume his "conquest of the heavens". He gauges the extent of his recovery by challenging Koryu, Ryuken's former rival for the Hokuto Shinken succession and defeats him. Raoh then challenges his brother Toki to a fight and defeats him, but spares his life out of sympathy because Toki was already dying from a terminal disease. Raoh later fights the warriors of the Five Chariots, who challenge Raoh on behalf of the Last General of Nanto Seiken. When Raoh discovers that the Last General is actually Yuria, he rushes to the Capital of Nanto to capture her only to be confronted by Kenshiro, who has now mastered the ultimate Hokuto Shinken technique of "Musō Tensei", the Unconscious Transmigration of Souls. Raoh manages to escape from Ken and takes Yuria captive with him. 
Vowing to overcome the fear he felt fighting Kenshiro, Raoh decides to challenge Fudoh of the Mountains, the first person who ever made him feel fear. During his confrontation with Fudoh, Raoh learns that the only way he can ever learn Musō Tensei is to experience true sorrow. Raoh decides to take Yuria's life to achieve, only to learn that she is already dying from a terminal illness as well. Feeling sympathy for her fate, Raoh is able to master Musō Tensei as well. In "Legend of Raoh - Chapter of Fierce Fighting", prior to his final battle with Ken, Raoh kills some of the more power-hungry members of his army to ensure that his army would not be corrupted if he dies fighting Ken. Once at the Hokuto Renkitōza, the North Star Mind and Body Training Ground, Kenshiro and Raoh engage in a long grueling battle in which Kenshiro emerges as the ultimate victor. Raoh praises the strength Ken gained from fighting against other rivals before he uses his remaining life energy to the heavens and restore light to the world, also revealing that he had extended Yuria's lifespan by a few years by granting some of his spiritual energy and proudly declaring, "I have no regrets for the life I've lived." After the final battle, his ashes are brought by Kokuoh-go to Reina, which she takes back to Raoh's homeland, the Land of Asura.
Raoh's presence figures prominently in the story arcs following his death, as his influences is felt on other characters introduced afterward such as Falco and Akashachi. In the Land of Asura, Raoh was worshiped as a hero by the villagers, who saw him as their only hope against the corrupt ruler Kaioh, who is in fact Raoh and Toki's biological elder brother. The final chapters of the manga reveals that Raoh has left behind a son named Ryu.
Voice actors.
Raoh's voice actors in the original Japanese versions of several "Hokuto no Ken" productions includes Kenji Utsumi in the original television series and 1986 film (as well as in a few video games), Tesshō Genda in the CGI animated short film "Legend of Heroes" and the video game "J-Stars Victory Vs", Takashi Ukaji in the "Shin Kyūseishu Densetsu" film series and "Ten no Haō" anime series, Rikiya Koyama in the PSP game version of "Ten no Haō" and Fumihiko Tachiki in the video game "Hokuto Musō". Other voice actors have voiced the child version of Raoh such as Nobuo Tobita in the original television series, Shigeru Shibuya in the "Shin Kyūseishu Densetsu" movies and Takayuki Kondō in the "Ten no Haō" series. In Episode 32 of the original television, Raoh's initial silhouetted appearance was voiced by Norio Wakamoto.
In English language versions, Raoh was voiced by Wally Burr in the Streamline Pictures' dub of the 1986 film and by Andrew Love in Sentai Filmworks' release of "Legends of the Dark King". For a brief flashback in Manga Entertainment's dub of the TV series, Raoh was voiced by Tom Wyner and in Ken's Rage he was voiced by Dave B. Mitchell.
In culture.
To promote the theatrical release of "Raoh Den Gekitō no Shō" (an animated retelling of Kenshiro's final battle with Raoh), the producers of the film conducted a mock funeral service that was held at the Koyasan Tokyo Betsuin on April 18, 2007. A recording of the funeral service was included as a bonus feature in the Japanese DVD release of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5983225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983225" title="The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas (video game)">
The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas (video game)

The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas is a video game of the action genre released in 2002 by Zombie based on the 2000 comedy film of same name. The game was only released in Europe. A racing game of the same name was also made for the Sega Dreamcast but never released. Some promotional discs were distributed however and have brought very high prices on sites like eBay. The game released for the Gamecube but only in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5983226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983226" title="Zons">
Zons

Zons (), formerly known as Feste Zons "(Fortress Zons"), today officially called "Stadt Zons" ("Zons Town" ) is an old town in Germany on the west bank of the Lower Rhine between Cologne and Düsseldorf. It has been a part (Stadtteil) of the town of Dormagen since 1975. In 2010 its population was 5,370.
Geography.
The east border of Zons is the river Rhine. The river can be crossed by ferry. On the opposite bank a road leads to Düsseldorf-Urdenbach northeast of Zons. South of Zons is fields and a few Populus trees. The southern road passes two farms and leads to another part of Dormagen, Rheinfelden. West of Zons is extensive meadows with the willows here and there. At some distance the small hamlet Nachtigall lies at the Bundesstraße 9. Northwest of Zons is the Zons Heath. The northern road leads to Stürzelberg, another part of Dormagen. North of ferry slip and ship pier begins the nature reserve "Zonser Grind" on the western bank of the Rhine.
History.
Middle Ages.
The first time Zons was mentioned in a document is in the so-called last will and testament of Cunibert, Bishop of Cologne, which was written in the middle of the seventh century but is only known in a version of the late eleventh century. In the document the names of "Zuonizo" or "Zuonize" are mentioned with their origin still unclear until today. In a deed of gift of Archbishop Heribert of Cologne the name of Zons appears in a location reference, „Burgula bei "Zünce"“ (Burgula near Zünce) ., Burgula being the site of today’s "Haus Bürgel", an old mansion built on the ruins of a roman settlement.
Archaeological finds indicate that there was a Merovingian settlement in Zons in the seventh century, yet its exact location is not determined. Documents verify a "Fronhof" of the archbishop of Cologne (Fronhof = estate of a feudal lord receiving socage) existing in Zons at least since the beginning of the twelfth century . In the 1980ties archaeological excavations in the castle area uncovered foundations of buildings which are regarded as remains of the proprietary church of the lord of the manor which was part of the building complex of the "Fronhof".
At about the middle of the thirteenth century Zons "castrum" (castle) was fortified. The location of the older rural settlement of Zons can only be presumed based on field-names and topography. The field-name „Im Hofstädtchen“ at today’s Aldenhovenstraße near the Old Town could reference to this settlement with the crossing paths at this spot being a possible additional indicator.
In 1372 the Archbishop of Cologne Friedrich III. of Saarwerden moved the Rhine toll castle from Neuss upstream to Zons protecting it with walls and moats and granting Zons the town privileges in 1373. At the centre of the fortress was the thick fortified Friedestrom Castle which served the administration and protection of the toll and housed the administration of the new parish Zons. The obviously planned building of the toll fortress with town walls was finished probably in the 15th century.
The rectangular to trapeziform town layout is surrounded by a wall strengthened with basalt stones. The wall stretches in north-south direction over about and in west-east direction over . At the corners are towers built in different shapes: to the northeast the rectangular Rhein-, Zoll- or Peters-Turm (Rhine, Toll or Peters Tower); to the northwest the circular Krötschenturm (Krötschen Tower); to the southwest the circular Mühlenturm (Mill Tower), which was converted from a defensive tower to a tower mill as late as the Late Middle Ages; to the southeast the Schlossturm (Palace Tower) and in town at the castle wall the circular Juddeturm (Judde Tower: high, roof starts at height, baroque roof ). The name "Juddeturm" probably refers to the patrician family Jude in Cologne.
Two public gates gave access to the town: in the north the Rheintor (Rhine Gate), in the west the Feldtor (Field Gate). During the 19th century the first was partly, the latter almost entirely dismantled. A third outer gate, the Südtor (South Gate), which is preserved best, is the entrance from the Zwinger (outer ward) to the Vorburg (lower ward).
The small town had only 124 plots for houses. The parish Zons comprised also the village Stürzelberg, part of the village Horrem and the village of Haus Bürgel, which is nowadays located on the opposite banks of the river Rhine. Regarding church and court of justice matters Haus Bürgel and Zons originally belonged together. The canon law for the parish Bürgel/Zons was governed by Brauweiler Abbey. Already in 1374 Bürgel was moved from the west banks to east banks of the Rhine, probably due to a shift of the river. Zons, the Rhine toll town of the Prince-elector of Cologne is regarded as one of the best preserved Lower Rhine planned towns of the Late Middle Ages. Until 1794 the parish Zons belonged to the Electorate of Cologne and was bordered in the south by Dormagen, an enclave ruled by the Duchy of Jülich; in the south-west by Hackenbroich, a lordship within the Electorate of Cologne; in the west by Nievenheim, a parish within the Electorate of Cologne; in the north-west by Uedesheim, another lordship within the Electorate of Cologne. On the opposite banks of the Rhine were Urdenbach and Baumberg, "Honschaften" (lowest level administrative units similar to hundreds in England and Wales) within the Duchy of Berg.
Modern Era.
In 1463 Archbishop of Cologne Dietrich II. of Moers mortgaged town and parish Zons to the cathedral chapter of Cologne. Its reign lasted until 1794, when the French Revolutionary Army occupied the territory west of the Rhine. Zons became a French municipality and canton. From 1798 to 1814 it was part of the canton Dormagen within the Arrondissement de Cologne which belonged to the Département de la Roer. With the Treaty of Lunéville in 1801 the occupied territory on the left bank of the Rhine came to France under public international law.
As result of the Congress of Vienna Zons became part of the Prussian State in 1815. The following year the district Neuss was setup with the "Bürgermeisterei" Zons (an administrative level similar to an Amt) which comprised the municipalities of Zons, Nachtigall, St. Peter and Stürzelberg. In 1882 the district Neuss became part of the Regierungsbezirk Düsseldorf in the Rhine Province. Since about 1900 Zons has been a popular destination for pleasure trips. In 1904 the municipality Zons was granted its own coat of arms. Since then Zons was called again „Town”, despite the fact that it still belonged to the Prussian rural municipalities regarding administrative law. With the incorporation into the town limits of Dormagen with effect of 1 Januar 1975 Zons called itself „Feste“ (Fortress). In 1992 Zons again gained the description „Town”, though only as Titularstadt (titular town). Already in 1972 the whole Old Town underwent an extensive renovation in an exemplary project sponsored by Federal State and Federated State.
Demographics.
Since the 14th century Zons didn’t change much regarding town area and population, probably due to its disadvantageous access to road traffic. During the course of the centuries the town was stricken three times by great fires: 1464, 1547 and 1620. Before the last great fire there were reports about a certain flourishing in economic terms due to trading. Yet the 17th century turned out to be a painful one for Zons. Economic and demographic decline ensue after that great fire, an (unsuccessful) siege and heavy bombardment at the end of the Thirty Years' War, several disastrous plagues and frequent occupations by Cologne and French troops. 1648 Zons had a population of 172, Stürzelberg of 49. After a gradual increase in population in the parish Zons 255 people died due to the plague in 1666. From about 1700 there was a noticeable increase in population: in 1692 the parish had a population of 308, in 1738 there were already 831 people who had received the First Communion and eventually in 1799 there was a population of 1,054. In the 18th century the population was almost entirely Catholic. During that time only a few Jewish families lived in Zons increasing in numbers to almost 50 people by 1806. During the course of 19th century up to the beginning of the 20th century the population grew relatively slowly yet almost steadily in comparison to the overall demographic development. In 1849 Zons together with Stürzelberg counted for 2,012 people, in 1928 1,306 people lived in Zons and 1,428 in Stürzelberg, thus 2,734 in total. On 30 June 1964 the at that time “town” Zons (comprising also the villages of Stürzelberg, St. Peter und Nachtigall) had a population of 6,310 which increased to 9,715 on 30 June 1974.
Population Development in Quarter Zons:
Government.
Coat of Arms.
From 1904 until the incorporation into the town of Dormagen Zons had its own coat of arms. Blazon: “Gules a saint argent on a horse cutting his cloak with a sword to share it with a scantily clad man standing in front of him, on a canton argent a cross sable. “ As town coat of arms it is oftén depicted with a silver three-towered battlement coping including a black gate in the middle placed on the top (chief) of the escutcheon.
Coat of arms explanation: The saint is Martin of Tours, the black cross on a silver background is the coat of arms of the Electorate of Cologne.
Economy and Infrastructure.
Up to the modern era the people of Zons earned their living in farming. In addition to that the trade of grain, beer and wine as well as some crafts like brick-making had partly an importance beyond the parish borders. The people of the village Stürzelberg worked mostly as fishermen or day labourers. A privileged group by wealth and social background were the toll collectors until around 1800. They had no civil rights, therefore they were freed from serving civil duties. At the beginning of the 20th century an industrial plant was established near Stürzelberg and St. Peter. In Zons itself industrial activities didn’t happen.
Housing in Zons town expanded relatively late beyond the town walls. The first residential buildings "extra muros" were erected at the beginning of the 19th century. First housing estates can be found only at the end of the 19th century. At first buildings were concentrated at the paths immediate to the fortress. Later, especially after World War II, housing spread out to the north and the west of the Old Town.
Transport.
Zons is located east of Bundesstraße 9. The distance from Zons to junction „Dormagen, Nievenheim, Zons“ of the Bundesautobahn 57 is .
Shipping.
A car ferry runs frequently between Zons und Düsseldorf-Urdenbach. The river cruise operator Köln-Düsseldorfer offers day excursions to Zons from Cologne and Düsseldorf on selected days during the summer.
Bus lines.
The following lines within the VRR run through Zons: 

</doc>
<doc id="5983231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983231" title="Paul Gregory Bootkoski">
Paul Gregory Bootkoski

Paul Gregory Bootkoski (born July 4, 1940) is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen. He was appointed to the post in 2002.
He was ordained on May 28, 1966 as a priest for the Archdiocese of Newark. He was assistant vice president for student affairs at Seton Hall University, his alma mater, for three years beginning in 1980. In 1983 he became pastor of St. Mary of the Assumption Church in Elizabeth. He became an honorary prelate (Monsignor) in 1991.
He was named auxiliary bishop of Newark on July 8, 1997, and consecrated bishop on September 5 of that year. He was vicar general of the diocese and later diocesan administrator when Theodore Edgar McCarrick became Archbishop of Washington.
Bishop Bootkoski has been widely lauded for his quick and decisive action during the sex abuse scandals removing priests quickly from pastoral positions and fully cooperating with police investigations.

</doc>
<doc id="5983237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983237" title="Hellingly railway station">
Hellingly railway station

Hellingly was a railway station on the now closed Eridge to Polegate line (the Cuckoo Line) in East Sussex. It served the village of Hellingly. It was built by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway. 
Hellingly Hospital Railway.
There was also a separate platform for passengers visiting Hellingly Hospital by tram, until 1933, the passenger service via Tramcar being discontinued from 1931. The line, known as the Hellingly Hospital Railway continued in use for transporting coal wagons from Hellingly Station for use at the Hospital until 1959.
Film.
The station featured in the 1964 film "Smokescreen". The two investigators visited the station and met the station master, who said that the whole line would be closed the following year. There are some excellent shots along the platform towards the road bridge.
Closure.
The line was closed under the Beeching Axe in 1965 for passenger trains and completely in 1968. The station building survives today as a private residence, complete with canopy. The "Cuckoo Trail" public footpath and cycleway now runs along the trackbed.

</doc>
<doc id="5983249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983249" title="Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne">
Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne

The Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne, is a division of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Melbourne. It is located in the suburb of Cranbourne, about 45 km south-east of the Melbourne city centre. 
The Cranbourne division specialises in Australian native plants. The total area of this division of the botanic gardens is 363 hectares, including heathlands, wetlands and woodlands. The gardens also provide habitat for native birds, mammals and reptiles, including some rare and endangered species.
A recent feature of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne, is the specially constructed "Australian Garden", opened to the public on 28 May 2006. The "Australian Garden" features a number of exhibition gardens, sculptures and displays aimed to bring the beauty and diversity of the Australian landscape and plants to the public. 
Beyond the "Australian Garden", the bushland section of the garden contains 10 km of walking tracks, and includes the Trig Point Lookout tower, secluded picnic sites and free barbecues.
History.
The indigenous Australian "Boonerwurung" people inhabited the area around Cranbourne in pre-European times. The site of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne was used for sand mining from as far back as the 1820s, largely to supply the building of Melbourne and its suburbs. The military used the site from 1889 until the 1960s, with private licences also issued for sand mining, grazing and timber gathering. 
In 1970 the site was named as a division of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Melbourne, with a focus on Australian plant research and conservation. The gardens were not opened to the public until 1989. The "Australian Garden" was planned and developed over several years, finally opening to the general public on 30 May 2006, and attracting 15,000 visitors on the opening day.
The Australian Garden.
The "Australian Garden" aims to allow visitors to explore people’s place in the Australian environment and to learn more about Australian plants. It features about 100,000 plants spread across fifteen landscape displays and exhibition gardens. 
The "Australian Garden" was designed by Taylor Cullity Lethlean Landscape Architects with Paul Thompson (Plant Design Pty Ltd). The "Australian Garden" has won a number of design awards already, but is still a work in progress, with a second stage covering an additional ten hectares scheduled to commence construction in late 2007 and to be completed by late 2011.
Red Sand Garden.
The "Red Sand Garden" is the central feature of the "Australian Garden". It features vibrant red sand with circles of saltbush and crescent shaped mounds designed to echo the shapes and colours found in Central Australia. The garden is designed to show seasonal flushes of wildflowers, as seen in the deserts of Central Australia.
Exhibition Gardens.
There are five exhibition gardens aiming to demonstrate ways that Australian native plants can be used in the home garden. 
The "Diversity Garden" illustrates a variety of native plants from various climatic zones in Australia. The "Water Saving Garden" shows how to group plants with similar water needs and choose plants which require minimum watering in a garden. The "Future Garden" features various alternate ways of gardening, such as special plant choices and novel mulches. The "Home Garden" shows a number of gardens featuring native plants for some common types of homes found in Australia. The "Kid’s Backyard" uses natural plant materials recycled into a children's play area rather than the common plastic and metal constructions commonly found in Australian backyards.
Arid Garden and Dry River Bed.
These gardens demonstrate the role of water in the Australian landscape. Many parts of Australia are prone to alternating drought and flood. Thus plants have had to evolve to cope with extended periods of intense heat and dry aridity, and with either seasonal or irregular copious supplies of water.
Eucalypt Walk.
Eucalypts are an omnipresent feature of the Australian landscape, with around 700 species found in virtually all habitats. The "Eucalypt Walk" features five gardens displaying some well known eucalypt species, the "Ironbark Garden", the "Box Garden", the "Peppermint Garden", the "Bloodwood Garden", and the "Stringybark Garden". These trees are currently in an immature state, but will continue to grow to mature trees over the next century.
Other features.
The "Rockpool Waterway" and "Escarpment Wall" are inspired by the types of waterways and escarpments that may be found in parts of central Australia, such as Uluru and Kings Canyon. There is also a display of Australian orchids in an undercroft below the Visitor’s Centre, the Serpentine Path, and a Desert Discovery Camp in the Arid Garden for children to play and learn. 
The Australian Garden also has a visitor information service within the Visitor Centre, guided walks and educational programs, volunteer master gardeners to help with advice on the use of Australian plants, a gift shop and licensed cafe.
Visitor information.
Opening hours
The Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne are open from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm every day of the year except for Christmas Day. Entry to the gardens is free. The bushland areas of the gardens are closed on days of Total Fire Ban.
Access
The Royal Botanic Gardens, Cranbourne are at 1000 Ballarto Rd, Cranbourne. Access by private vehicle is via the South Gippsland Highway. Cranbourne is reasonably well served by public transportation, with a train line from Melbourne and a number of local bus routes. Access to the gardens if using public transport may however require a substantial walk.

</doc>
<doc id="5983252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983252" title="Hersilia (spider)">
Hersilia (spider)

The Hersilia (or Long-spinnered Bark Spiders) are a genus of "tree trunk spiders" in the Hersiliidae family. They are sometimes known as Two-tailed spiders, due to their greatly enlarged spinnerets.
Males grow up to 8 mm long, and females up to 10 mm. They can be found on tree trunks in gardens or jungle fringes in Africa, Asia and Australasia.
Species.
The revisions by Baehr & Baehr and Rheims & Brescovit revealed 26 species in southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983263" title="Western Crossing">
Western Crossing

Western Crossing, formerly known as Western Plaza, is a shopping mall in Amarillo, Texas, United States. It opened in 1968 with a construction cost of approximately US$13 million. Western Plaza was once a main shopping point in Amarillo, but from the 1980s to 2000s has suffered stores leaving its complex. It is demolished and a new shopping center is being built. The Western Crossings shopping center is estimated to cost US$40 million.
History.
The mall opened with White & Kirk (a local department store), Woolco, and Montgomery Ward as its anchor stores. In the 1970s, White & Kirk was converted to Sakowitz, which in turn was converted to Dunlaps before closing in the 2000s. Woolco closed in the early 1980s and was replaced with H. J. Wilson Co., a catalog showroom that later became Service Merchandise. After Service Merchandise closed. Another notable tenant of Western Plaza was the first Hastings Entertainment store. In addition, Western Plaza also had a business college, Academy of Professional Careers.
Selling and demolishing.
On August 1, 2001, Triple Net Properties of California officially announced the purchase of the run down mall. They announced plans to rejuvenate Western Plaza., including bringing in new anchor stores. Cathy Derr, the leasing representative for Western Plaza was quoted in the Amarillo Globe news saying she hopes to have the mall up to 65 to 85 percent occupancy within the year.
By late 2005 plans had been altered significantly. On November 29, 2005, The Sietz Group of Plano, a developer hired by Triple Net Properties, announced plans for a new retail center called Western Crossing to be built in place of Western Plaza. "We're going to completely redo it. We're going to tear it down," said Carmen Dominguez, in-house counsel for The Seitz Group of Plano. Negatiations began to relocate the remaining tenants.
In 2006, several problems arose. A tax abatement sought from the city to help with costs was unsuccessful. Asbestos problems increased projected demolition cost to $29 million from $27 million. And a former tenant, Texas Panhandle Mental Health Mental Retardation, sued the owners of Western Plaza for the more than $50,000 the local community mental health mental retardation center said it had incurred since being evicted to make way for a $29 million shopping center makeover.
In June 2006, the signs of the mall were taken down. On June 7, 2007, demolition began and was scheduled to be done in 60 days.
Rudy's BBQ, Cheddar's Casual Café, Burlington Coat Factory, and a Starbucks location are all open. Michael's, Petco, Mardel Bookstore and other stores have since opened as well.
The mall and its land have been owned by Santa Ana, California-based company, Triple Net Properties since 2001. Western Plaza's past owners include: Mattie Hedgecoke Properties, Southmark Corporation of Dallas, Texas, Spigel Properties of San Antonio, Texas, and General Electric Capital Corporation, the financial arm of General Electric.

</doc>
<doc id="5983265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983265" title="FlexATX">
FlexATX

FlexATX is a motherboard form factor derived from ATX. The specification was released in 1999 by Intel as an addendum to the microATX specification. It uses a subset of the motherboard mounting holes required for microATX and the same I/O plate system as ATX and microATX.
FlexATX specifies that a motherboard be no larger than , and can have no more than four expansion slots.
The term is used also for the form factor of a PSU that is smaller than a standard ATX PSU and is used in small cases that host a FlexATX or Mini ITX motherboard or in thin rackmount servers such as 1U racks.

</doc>
<doc id="5983281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983281" title="Stephen Keel">
Stephen Keel

Stephen Keel (born April 11, 1983 in Littleton, Colorado) is an American soccer player who currently plays for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Keel played college soccer at Wake Forest University from 2001 to 2004 where he appeared in 63 games scoring 13 goals and adding 9 assists. During his college career he also played with Bradenton Academics in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
On July 11, 2005 Keel signed a developmental contract with the Colorado Rapids. During the 2006 season Keel spent time on loan with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division, scoring 1 goal in 10 games for the team. While with Colorado Keel appeared in 36 games with the Rapids reserves, leading the reserve team to back-to-back MLS Reserve Division championships in 2006 and 2007 and was named MLS Magazine’s Reserve Player of the Year following the 2007 season. 
He was waived by the Rapids on March 13, 2009, and subsequently signed for the Portland Timbers on March 16, 2009. In his first season with Portland Keel appeared in 29 league matches scoring 1 goal in helping the club capture the USL First Division Commissioner's Cup as regular season champions. In his second season with Portland Keel remained a fixture in the Timber defense and helped the club reach the playoffs. On May 29, 2010 Keel scored Portland's second goal in a 3-2 come from behind victory over Argentina’s Boca Juniors in a friendly played at PGE Park.
On March 9, 2011 Keel joined New York Red Bulls after a trial stint. On March 26, 2011 Keel made his official debut for New York playing the full 90 in a 0-0 draw against Columbus Crew. By the end of the season Keel became a regular starter for New York and helped the club qualify for the MLS playoffs. 
On November 19, 2012, New York announced it declined options for ten players including Keel. Keel chose to enter the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft held in December 2012. He was selected by FC Dallas in stage two of the re-entry draft and signed with the club on January 9, 2013. He scored his first goal on October 26, 2013 in a 2-1 away loss to the San Jose Earthquakes in the 90th minute. His goal was a header and was assisted by Blas Perez.

</doc>
<doc id="5983310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983310" title="Degree Lintner">
Degree Lintner

°Lintner or degrees Lintner is a unit used to measure the ability of a malt to reduce starch to sugar, that is, its diastatic power. While the measurement is applicable to any amylase, in general it refers to the combined α-amylase and β-amylase used in brewing. The term is also generalized to diastatic malt extracts and separately prepared brewing enzymes. The abbreviation °L is official, but in brewing applications it may conflict with °L used for degrees Lovibond.
JECFA, the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives, defines the degree Lintner as follows:
Note that the amylases used in brewing reach their peak efficiencies around 66 °C.
Evaluation of a malt or extract is usually done by the manufacturer rather than by the end user; as a rule of thumb, the total grain bill of a mash should have a diastatic power of at least 40 °L in order to guarantee efficient conversion of all the starches in the mash to sugars.
The most active barley malts currently available have a diastatic activity of up to 160 °Lintner.
In Europe, diastatic activity is often stated in Windisch–Kolbach units (°WK). These are related approximately to °Lintner by:

</doc>
<doc id="5983314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983314" title="1983–84 OHL season">
1983–84 OHL season

The 1983–84 OHL season was the 4th season of the Ontario Hockey League. Fifteen teams each played 70 games. The Ottawa 67's won the J. Ross Robertson Cup, defeating the Kitchener Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="5983321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983321" title="Roy Furr">
Roy Furr

Roy Furr (1907 — June 13, 1975) was the president of the Furr's chain of supermarkets and restaurants. He was born in McKinney, Texas. As a boy he worked for his father at the Kirkland Mercantile Company in Kirkland in Childress County, Texas. He studied at Clarendon College in Clarendon, Texas, and the University of Oklahoma at Norman.
He taught school until 1923, when he rejoined his father in Amarillo to launch the Furr Food Store. In 1929 he moved to Lubbock, where he bought six grocery stores, the beginning of the chain. Furr's, Inc., grew rapidly, and at the time of the founder's death it included sixty-eight supermarkets, as well as family centers in three states, fifty-seven cafeterias in seven states, and a realty company in Lubbock.
Furr was the chairman of the board of Farm Pac Kitchens, Rore Realty Company, and Crone Oil Company, all companies that he established as he branched out from his supermarket business. He also served as a director of the First National Bank of Lubbock. He was on the boards of regents of Texas Tech University, Lubbock Christian College, and McMurry College in Abilene, Texas. In 1961, McMurry gave him an honorary doctorate.
Furr thought that the highest honor he ever received was the Great Americanism Award, which he accepted in the early 1970s from radio personality Paul Harvey as a commendation for his outstanding achievement in philanthropic work. He raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for various causes. Furr and his wife, Lela, had two sons and a daughter. Furr died on June 13, 1975, and is interred at Lubbock.
The family business fared poorly after Furr's death. In 1979, the company declared bankruptcy; the grocery business was sold to a group of West German investors and the restaurant business, Furr's Cafeterias, was bought by Kmart.
Furr's Grocery Stores and Furr's Supermarkets.
C.W. Furr, Roy Furr's father, founded the retail operation in 1904 and operated the stores primarily in west Texas. Roy Furr entered the retail business, ultimately known as Furr's Inc., in 1923 and began a grocery store expansion in 1929. Eventually the chain expanded into New Mexico. By 1978, the chain had grown to 140 stores throughout New Mexico and west Texas, primarily smaller grocery markets. In 1979, the German investment banker Rewe-Leibbrand obtained full ownership over Furr's Inc. In 1987, Furr's purchased the Safeway El Paso division, which added 59 stores and a warehouse. After the acquisition, Furr's operated 200 stores with annual sales of $2 billion. In 1990 Rewe-Leibbrand liquidated most of the stores in the Texas panhandle and sought to divest and find new investors for ownership of the remaining stores in New Mexico and west Texas. By 1991, the ownership of the company was 54 percent held by a Hamburg, Germany-based investment banking firm, 40 percent by the Fleming Companies (a Lubbock, Texas-based grocery supplier), and six percent by the American executive management team. The company, now known as Furr's Supermarkets Inc., moved its headquarters from Lubbock, Texas to Albuquerque, New Mexico.
In 1991, Furr's purchased 13 Safeway stores in New Mexico, and the company operated 75 grocery stores. By 1993, Furr's operated three divisions: Furr's Emporiums (the superstore operation), Bag'n'Save Stores (the grocery warehouse division), and So-Lo Stores (club warehouse-style stores). Through aggressive merchandising campaigns, Furr's was the primary grocery competitor to Albertsons stores, Kroger Corporation's Smith's stores, and Raley's stores in New Mexico and west Texas. In 1994, sales exceeded $1 billion.
In 1995, Furr's sought outside investment in the company. Windward Capital Partners, a private New York equity investment group, acquired majority ownership of Furr's. In 1998, the Fleming Companies liquidated its ownership interest in Furr's, and subsequently Furr's Supermarkets acquired ownership of one of Fleming's distribution warehouses in El Paso in order to execute its own grocery supply operation for its stores.
By 1999 Furr's operated 75 grocery stores in New Mexico and Texas with about 5,500 employees.
On February 8, 2001, Furr's sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and then ultimately converted the filing to Chapter 7, thus liquidating all of its properties and ceasing business operations. Some properties were acquired by Smith's stores, some were acquired by Lowe's Market stores, some were acquired by independent grocers and many were shuttered.

</doc>
<doc id="5983331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983331" title="Florsheim">
Florsheim

Flörsheim (or Flörsheim am Main) is a town in Hesse, Germany.
Florsheim can also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5983350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983350" title="The Conquering Power">
The Conquering Power

The Conquering Power (1921) is an American silent romantic drama directed by Rex Ingram and starring Rudolph Valentino, Alice Terry, and Ralph Lewis. The film was based on the novel "Eugénie Grandet" by Honoré de Balzac.
Plot.
After the death of his father, young dandy Charles Grandet (Rudolph Valentino) is taken under the care of his uncle, Monsieur Grandet (Ralph Lewis). The miserly Grandet, despite being the wealthiest man in his province, forces his family to live in poverty and schemes to cheat his nephew out of his inheritance from his father.
Charles falls in love with Grandet's daughter Eugenie (Alice Terry) but Grandet condemns their love, and sends Charles away. While Charles is away, Grandet kills Eugenie's mother, which sends him further into a maddened state. Later, it is revealed that Eugenie is not really Monsieur Grandet's daughter; if she knew, then she could reclaim all of the gold that originally belonged to her mother, leaving her father penniless. Monsieur Grandet has a violent argument with Eugenie, after she finds letters sent by Charles that her father had hidden, and Monsieur Grandet accidentally locks himself in a small room where he keeps his gold. He starts hallucinating and is eventually killed after becoming frantic.
Eugenie is now left an extremely wealthy young lady, which only intensifies the pressure put on her by two competing families to marry one of the suitors. She announces her engagement, but shortly after is reunited with Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="5983356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983356" title="Kijal">
Kijal

Kijal (est. pop. (2000 census): 4,375) is a small town in southern Terengganu, Malaysia. The town is well known for the Awana Kijal Golf and Beach Resort, a luxury resort and a stop over for Star Cruises ocean liners, which are both owned by the Genting Group.
Kijal was popularly known because of its durian and lemang. Lemang is glutinous rice cooked with coconut milk in hollow bamboo over an open fire. Lemang is served with rendang or beef floss during celebrations such as Hari Raya Aidilfitri.

</doc>
<doc id="5983359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983359" title="°L">
°L

°L can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983373" title="Lyford Consolidated Independent School District">
Lyford Consolidated Independent School District

Lyford Consolidated Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Lyford, Texas, United States.
LCISD serves the city of Lyford and unincorporated areas in Willacy County, Cameron County, and Hidalgo County. Unincorporated areas in Willacy County served by LCISD include Lyford South, Santa Monica, Sebastian, Willamar, and Zapata Ranch. Unincorporated areas in Cameron County served by LCISD include Yznaga.
High schoolers who live in the Lasara Independent School District area (including the unincorporated Willacy County area of Lasara) may choose to attend LCISD's Lyford High School or Raymondville Independent School District's Raymondville High School.
In the fall of 1999, Lyford CISD opened a new middle school, replacing a middle school.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5983374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983374" title="Elsa Zylberstein">
Elsa Zylberstein

Elsa Zylberstein (born 16 October 1968) is a French film, TV, and stage actress. After studying drama, Zylberstein began her film career in 1989, and has appeared in about 50 films. She won the César Award for Best Supporting Actress for "I've Loved You So Long" (2008).
Early life.
Zylberstein was born Elsa Florence Zylbersztejn in Paris to an Ashkenazi Polish father, Albert Zylberstein, and a Catholic mother. Her father is a physicist. Zylberstein felt both Jewish and Christian; now she is "attracted to Buddhist rites". She has practiced classical dance since her childhood. After a Baccalauréat A3, she began university and studied English, but she was strongly attracted to artistic pursuits. She was in the same class as Francis Huster at the Cours Florent.
Career.
In 1991, Elsa Zylberstein appeared in "Van Gogh" directed by Maurice Pialat. In 1992, she won the Michel Simon Prize and the first of her three nominations for the César Award for Most Promising Actress. In 1993, she played a student in "Beau fixe", and won the Prix Romy Schneider.
She inspired young directors such as Pascale Bailly, Diane Bertrand and especially Martine Dugowson, who offered her the lead role alongside Romane Bohringer in "Mina Tannenbaum" (1994). She then appeared in "Farinelli", "Mr N.", and "Jefferson in Paris". She played Suzanne Valadon in "Lautrec", and then the mistress of the artist, Modigliani, in "Modigliani". Zylberstein played a Yiddish singer who falls in love with a gay clarinetist in "Man Is a Woman", with Antoine de Caunes. She also gained roles in "Time Regained", "Love Torn in a Dream", and "That Day".
In 2006 she played Mathilde, an Orthodox Jewish woman faced with marriage problems in "Little Jerusalem". She also appeared in "J'invente rien", based on a novel by Christine Angot. In 2008, she was in two films presented at the Berlin Festival: "I've Loved You So Long", with Kristin Scott Thomas, and "La Fabrique des sentiments".
Personal life.
Zylberstein dated Antoine de Caunes between 1997 and 2005. Later she dated Georges-Marc Benamou, advisor to French president Nicolas Sarkozy, although she is a staunch supporter of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="5983377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983377" title="Stirling Gardens">
Stirling Gardens

Stirling Gardens is a small public park in Perth, Western Australia.
Located on the corner of St Georges Terrace and Barrack Street, west of the Government House and north of the Supreme Court buildings, it contains a group of significant sculpture items.
History.
Originally established by the Perth Vineyard Society in 1845 with Government approval, the Gardens were leased to Henry Laroche Cole for a ten-year period in 1846, and were eventually returned to Government control at the end of that period. In 1868 Enoch Barratt was appointed as the Government Gardener to tend Government Gardens (now known as Stirling Gardens), a position which he held until he retired in 1880. 
It is one of a series of landscape features that is classified by the National Trust.
The statue of Alexander Forrest, the brother of Sir John Forrest, was constructed by Pietro Porcelli. It was first made in Guildford clay, then in plaster of Paris - sent to Italy to cast it in wax and finally in bronze. It was unveiled by Premier Walter James on 28 August 1903. It was moved to its current location in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="5983378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983378" title="Hulu Terengganu">
Hulu Terengganu

Hulu Terengganu is an interior district of Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983386" title="Besut">
Besut

Besut is a district in the Malaysian state of Terengganu. It is bordered by the state of Kelantan to the north and the South China Sea to the east. It is the northern gateway to Terengganu. Kampung Raja is the district capital, though Jerteh is more developed. Another major town is Kuala Besut. There are other small towns such as Jabi, Apal, and Kampung Raja. Besut is further subdivided into 15 mukims which are Keluang, Kuala Besut, Bukit Puteri, Pengkalan Nangka, Hulu Besut, Jabi, Kerandang, Pelagat, Lubuk Kawah, Pasir Akar, Tembila, Tenang, Kubang Bemban and Bukit Kenak. Besut people speak the Kelantanese Malay.
Besut specially called as Bumi Ulul Albab because the excellencies in education. There were many education institution which developed by central government and Terengganu state government such, University Darul Iman, Teacher's Training Institute of Sultan Mizan, MARA Junior Science College (Kota Putra & Besut), Kolej Komuniti Besut, IMTIAZ, and other. 
Besut also recognise as Tourism destination to all over the world. In reality, tourist will experiences the Top 5 Island in the World (Perhentian Island), Pantai Bukit Keluang, Lata Belatan Waterfall, Lata Tembakah Waterfall, La Hot Spring, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="5983391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983391" title="Setiu">
Setiu

Setiu is a main district in Terengganu, Malaysia. Setiu is also the name of the parliamentary constituency in which the district is situated. Setiu also has four state seats contiuensy named: Jabi, Pemaisuri, Langkap and Batu Rakit. All of these seats were won by Barisan Nasional (BN) during General Election - 12(PRU - 12)

</doc>
<doc id="5983393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983393" title="Marang, Terengganu">
Marang, Terengganu

Marang (est. pop. (2000 census): 4,896) is a town and the seat of Marang District, in the state of Terengganu, Malaysia. The town is located on the South China Sea coast on the main highway between Kuala Terengganu and Kuantan. The main economic activity in Marang is fishery, but tourism is increasingly rising in importance.
Etymology.
The origin of the district's name is attributed to a Chinese entrepreneur of dried sea products known only by the name of Ma, who was one of the first settlers in the area. The sea products, consisting of fish and squid, are dried on racks called "rang" by the local populance. Given Ma owned all the "rangs", the area became known as Ma rang (i.e. 'Ma's "rangs"'), which eventually became Marang.
According to a Malay teacher, the late Cikgu Osman, a teacher from Sek. Keb. Marang; Marang derives its name from Syed Muharram. The way the local pronounce Muharram, eventually became Marang.

</doc>
<doc id="5983395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983395" title="Yvon Corriveau">
Yvon Corriveau

Yvon Rene Corriveau (born February 8, 1967 in Welland, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft, Corriveau also played for the Hartford Whalers and San Jose Sharks. He retired from active professional play in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5983397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983397" title="Jerangau">
Jerangau

Jerangau is a town in central Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983398" title="James Bayley">
James Bayley

James Bayley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983401" title="Jerteh">
Jerteh

Jerteh is a town in the state of Terengganu, Malaysia. It is a commercial town in Besut district. It is near the border with Kelantan. It has been represented by Idris bin Jusoh since 2004 in Dewan Rakyat (Malaysian House of Representatives).
Reside Jerteh contain a hospital called Hospital Besut. It represent the biggest and most important hospital in the Besut district.

</doc>
<doc id="5983404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983404" title="18th century in the United States">
18th century in the United States

The 18th century in the United States refers to the period in the United States from 1701 through 1800 in the Gregorian calendar. For articles on this period, see:

</doc>
<doc id="5983405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983405" title="Bobby Johns">
Bobby Johns

Bobby Johns (born May 22, 1932 in Miami, Florida, USA) is a retired American racecar driver.
Johns raced in the NASCAR series in the 1956-1969 seasons, with 141 career starts. He had 2 wins among his 36 top ten finishes and finished the 1960 season 3rd in the points. He also attempted to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 7 times and succeeded in both 1965 and 1969, where he finished 7th and 10th, respectively.
Bobby Jones was able to race in NASCAR regardless of being conscripted into the United States Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5983411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983411" title="Applied Radiochemistry">
Applied Radiochemistry

Applied Radiochemistry was an important collection of lectures by German chemist Otto Hahn published in English in 1936 by the Cornell University Press (Ithaca, New York) and simultaneously by the Oxford University Press (London). Edited by H. Milford, and spanning 278 pages, the volume presents the content of a group of lectures delivered by Hahn between March and June 1933, when he was a lecturer of chemistry at Cornell University.
The work was cited by fellow Nobel laureate Glenn Seaborg as a major influence on his own early work in radiochemistry. The articles were delivered at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Chemistry in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983414" title="Star domain">
Star domain

In mathematics, a set formula_1 in the Euclidean space R"n" is called a star domain (or star-convex set, star-shaped or radially convex set) if there exists "x"0 in "S" such that for all "x" in "S" the line segment from "x"0 to "x" is in "S". This definition is immediately generalizable to any real or complex vector space.
Intuitively, if one thinks of "S" as of a region surrounded by a wall, "S" is a star domain if one can find a vantage point "x"0 in "S" from which any point "x" in "S" is within line-of-sight.

</doc>
<doc id="5983424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983424" title="Kemasik">
Kemasik

Kemasik (est. pop. (2000 census): 1,896) is a small town in Terengganu, Malaysia. The town's major attraction is Kemasik Beach ("Pantai Kemasik" in Malay). Kemasik is located midway between Kerteh and Kijal.

</doc>
<doc id="5983425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983425" title="Billy Marshall Stoneking">
Billy Marshall Stoneking

Billy Marshall Stoneking (born 31 August 1947) is an Australian-American poet, playwright, filmmaker, and teacher. His son C.W. Stoneking is a musician.
Childhood and education.
Billy Marshall Stoneking was born in Orlando, Florida, the second child of Charles and Florence Marshall. Born William Randolph Marshall on 31 August 1947 (his sister, Barbara, named him 'Randolph' after her favorite movie actor, Randolph Scott, and his mother selected 'William', after an old family friend, later aide de camp to President John F. Kennedy). The name "Stoneking" derives from his paternal great-grandfather, Reuben Stoneking (of Hundred, WV, Wetzel County). Stoneking's early years were spent growing up on military bases around the United States, including Randolph Field (Texas) and Fort Slocum (New York). When his father retired in 1961, the family moved to northern California where he attended high school in Folsom and Rancho Cordova, California. He graduated from California State University, Sacramento in 1970, majoring in English, with minors in philosophy and education; and in 1972, he migrated to Australia. "The bumper stickers said, 'America, love it or leave it', so I left." In 1983, after more than a decade living in Australia, four years of which were spent living with tribal Aboriginal people 275 km west northwest of Alice Springs, Stoneking graduated from the Australian Film, Television and Radio School in Sydney, specialising in screenwriting.
Career.
Writing.
Stoneking has published his poems in magazines around Australia, and waswas also active in the performance poetry movement, which included fellow poets, Pi O, Amanda Stewart, Jas H. Duke, and others. His poems have been featured in the "Oxford Book of Australian Poetry" (edited by Les Murray), and "The Penguin Book of Modern Australian Poetry" (edited by John Tranter and Philip Mead). He is also the author of seven books, including "Lasseter, In Quest of Gold" (Hodder & Stoughton, 1989), "Singing the Snake" (Angus & Robertson) and "Taking America Out of the Boy" (Hodder Spectrum).
Screenplays.
In 1982 Stoneking entered the full-time screenwriting program of the Australian Film, Television and Radio School.
Stoneking's first films were made in the mid-1980s, including a chronicle of his work at Papunya Aboriginal Settlement, "Desert Stories". He also edited some television scripts, including the AFI award-winning drama series, "Stringer",(ABC TV). Followed by a script for Paramount Television's "Mission: Impossible", and the full-length stage play, "Sixteen Words for Water".
Mentor, script editor, producer, & story consultant.
Stoneking is now a teacher of dramatic writing. His "Drama of Screenwriting" workshop has been held in every capital city in Australia and New Zealand .
He was one of the script editors on the AFI-nominated Australian feature, "Chopper" (2000).
He has produced a number of small films, including "Nosepeg's Movie"and "Jelly's Placenta" .

</doc>
<doc id="5983431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983431" title="Bandar Al-Muktafi Billah Shah">
Bandar Al-Muktafi Billah Shah

Bandar Al-Muktafi Billah Shah is a new town in Terengganu, Malaysia. It was erected in honour of the 16th Sultan of Terengganu, Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Al-Muktafi Billah Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="5983434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983434" title="Associations of the United Church of Christ">
Associations of the United Church of Christ

Most of the thirty-eight conferences of the United Church of Christ are subdivided into associations, which are themselves made of local churches. Those conferences without associations include their roles in their own work.

</doc>
<doc id="5983437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983437" title="Bandar Ketengah Jaya">
Bandar Ketengah Jaya

Bandar Ketengah Jaya is a townships in Dungun district of Terengganu, Malaysia. It is located in area Paka, Dungun. This area is a concern under FELDA. The villagers are not native people. The main activity used to for the villagers are through oil palm plantation. 
There were partition divided in this area in order to arrange them into the village style. The partition including:
ö Felda Kerteh 1
ö Felda Kerteh 2
ö Felda Kerteh 3
ö Felda Kerteh 4
ö Felda Kerteh 5
ö Felda Kerteh 6

</doc>
<doc id="5983439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983439" title="St. Bernard State Park">
St. Bernard State Park

St. Bernard State Park is a state park located in the American state of Louisiana, on a tract of land in St. Bernard Parish, between the towns of Poydras and Caernarvon. Though located only approximately eighteen miles southeast of New Orleans, attendance had been fledgling at the park for years, ranking among the least visited in the state.
History.
The St. Bernard State Park was created in 1971 when the land that the park sits on was donated to the state by local businessman and former State Senator Lynn Dean and his wife Jackie. The park operated for 34 years as the only state park in the St. Bernard/Plaquemines Parish area until it was severely damaged by storm surge from the levee failures during Hurricane Katrina. The park (along with Fort Pike State Historic Site) remained closed for more than a year due to the severe damage.
Facilities.
Prior to the landing of Hurricane Katrina, St. Bernard State Park included the following facilities as compared to that which is available at certain other Louisiana state parks:
Restoration.
St. Bernard State Park suffered extensive damage as a result of Hurricane Katrina.
The park was re-opened with a ceremony Tuesday, December 19, 2006 at 4 p.m. with ceremonies by then Lt. Gov. Mitch Landrieu, local dignitaries, local choirs, followed by hayride tours of the site, coffee, hot chocolate and cookies.

</doc>
<doc id="5983442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983442" title="Bandar Permaisuri">
Bandar Permaisuri

Bandar Permaisuri is a small town and the district capital of Setiu, Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983444" title="Eastern ground parrot">
Eastern ground parrot

The Eastern Ground Parrot ("Pezoporus wallicus") of Australia is one of only five ground-dwelling parrots in the world, the others being its closest relatives, the Western Ground Parrot ("Pezoporus flaviventris"), the extremely rare Night Parrot ("Pezoporus occidentalis"), the somewhat closely related Antipodes Parakeet ("Cyanoramphus unicolor"), and the unrelated highly endangered Kakapo ("Strigops habroptila") from New Zealand.
The colouration of the three "Pezoporus" species and the Kakapo is similar – yellowish-green with darker barring, somewhat reminiscent of the head and back of the wild-type budgerigar. This is not an indication of a true relationship, however, but either adaptation to a particular lifestyle or a feature retained from ancestral parrots; probably the latter as barred plumage is found all over the family, from the tiny tiger parrots to female cockatiels.
When disturbed, a ground parrot flies swiftly just above the ground before dropping back into the vegetation. The presence of the bird is often only revealed by its characteristic dusk and dawn call, a clear whistling sequence of notes which rise in pitch before fading. It is silent in flight.
Taxonomy.
Traditionally, two subspecies are recognized within the Eastern Ground Parrot, but recent molecular studies show no genetic differentiation between the two east coast individuals and the individuals from Tasmania. Until recently, the Western Ground Parrot was also considered a subspecies ("Pezoporus wallicus flaviventris") but is now considered a separate species ("Pezoporus flaviventris").
The Eastern Ground Parrot ("Pezoporus wallicus wallicus") occurs in fragmented populations near the coast in southern Queensland, New South Wales (NSW) and Victoria and is considered vulnerable on the schedules of the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act. There are estimated to be 4000 breeding birds. It has become extinct in South Australia.
The Tasmanian Ground Parrot ("Pezoporus wallicus leachi") is not considered threatened at state level and is most common in south west Tasmania.
Description.
Up to 30 cm long. Plumage grass green, each feather with black and yellow markings; narrow orange-red band to forehead; head, nape, upper back and breast green, each feather with black shaft marking; feathers of abdomen, thighs and under tail-coverts greenish-yellow with black barring; under wing-coverts green; primary coverts green; flight-feathers green with pale stripe across them; underside of flight-feathers with pale yellow wing-stripe; upperside of tail-feathers green with yellowish striped markings, underside brownish; outer tail-feathers yellow with brownish-black striping; bill greyish-brown to horn-colour; cere greyish-pink; narrow periophthalmic ring pale grey; iris whitish-yellow; longish feet greyish-brown; claws not so curved as other parrots.
Immatures as adults, but with slightly duller plumage; orange-red band to forehead absent; head, nape, upper back and breast green, each feather with distinct black shaft markings; tail shorter; iris brown.
Distribution.
Extreme southeast of Queensland to southwest Australia (scattered in small groups); Tasmania and some off-shore islands.
Habitat.
Marshy coastal plain without trees, reed beds with low bushes, restricted to button grass areas; species may depend on naturally occurring fires allowing new growth and renewed settlement by the Ground Parrot.
Status.
Only found in certain localities; threatened in parts of its range by cultivation of large coastal areas, but also foxes, cats and fire; alleged to have strong scent and therefore easily disturbed by dogs.
Breeding.
Breeding period from September to January; (one record in March); nest consisted of an excavation in soil 15 cm to 18 cm across and 2 cm (0.75 ins) to 5 cm deep; usually well hidden under small bush or tussock hanging over nest to provide a form of hollow; mostly lined with leaves, grass stalks, fern and small twigs; clutch 3 to 4 eggs; incubation probably 21 days; chicks well camouflaged with thick greyish-black down and protected against cold periods; young remain in nest for two weeks approaching parents for food; fed three times daily; leave nest after three weeks at least disturbance; roost after 25 days outside under tussocks; cannot however fly at this point; egg measures 28.1 x 22.2 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="5983445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983445" title="Rex Mason">
Rex Mason

Henry Greathead Rex Mason (3 June 1885 – 2 April 1975) was a New Zealand politician. He served as Attorney General, Minister of Justice, Minister of Education, and Minister of Native Affairs, and had a significant influence on the direction of the Labour Party. He was one of New Zealand's longest-serving MPs.
Early life.
Mason was born in Wellington, to a South African father and an Australian mother. He attended Wellington College (where he was dux) and Victoria University, from which he graduated with MA in mathematics and an LLB. Moving to Pukekohe, he became a lawyer.
Political career.
Mason was elected Mayor of Pukekohe in 1915. He was left-wing in his political outlook, and joined the Labour Party on its foundation in 1916. In the 1919 general election, he was Labour's candidate for the seat of Manukau, but was defeated. Later, he shifted his attention to the seat of Eden — he contested it in the 1922 election and 1925 election. He finally won Eden in a 1926 by-election, assisted by the fact that the Reform Party's vote was split by a defeated nominee, Ellen Melville.
Throughout his parliamentary career, Mason remained highly involved in the organisation of the Labour Party. He served as its president from 1931 to 1933, and played a major role in policy formulation. Mason was regarded as a social democrat rather than a socialist, and he played a part in moving the Labour Party closer to the political centre. He did, however, believe that the state should have exclusive control over the country's financial system, influenced by social credit monetary reform theories. Other causes supported by Mason include the establishment of a comprehensive old-age pension system and the granting of full state services to naturalised immigrants (the latter making him extremely popular with his electorate's substantial Yugoslavian community).
When Labour won the 1935 general election, Mason became Attorney General and Minister of Justice, reflecting his legal background. When disputes arose between the party leadership and John A. Lee's more radical faction, Mason remained on good terms with both sides — while he sympathised with some of Lee's points, particularly regarding monetary reform, he did not join Lee's breakaway Democratic Labour Party. Mason later served as Minister of Education (where he worked closely with C.E. Beeby to implement educational reforms) and as Minister of Native Affairs. In 1941 the Public Service Commissioner Thomas Mark died in (or just outside) the minister's office, during a confrontation with Mason who wanted the resignation of the head of a department.
He was not returned to Cabinet after the 1946 election, but returned to fill a vacancy the following year. After Labour lost office, he continued to agitate on a number of issues, notably decimal currency. After Labour won the 1957 election, Mason returned to his original roles of Attorney General and Minister of Justice. He was also made Minister of Health.
Rex Mason represented the seat of Eden in the 22nd parliament (1926–28), Auckland Suburbs in the 23rd to 27th parliaments (1928–46), Waitakere in the 28th to 33rd parliaments (1946–63), and New Lynn in the 34th parliament (1963–66).
Mason eventually retired from politics at the 1966 election, under a certain amount of pressure from colleagues who wished to "rejuvenate" the Labour Party. Mason was now in his eighties, and was one of the longest serving New Zealand MPs ever, with a career of 40 years from 15 April 1926 to 25 October 1966.
Personal affairs.
Mason married Dulcia Martina Rockell on 27 December 1912, and had three children. Through his wife's influence, Mason become interested in Indian religion and spirituality, and beliefs derived from it (particularly Theosophy). He was a vegetarian and a teetotaller.
Mason died in Wellington on 2 April 1975, aged 89.

</doc>
<doc id="5983446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983446" title="Bandar Seri Bandi">
Bandar Seri Bandi

Bandar Seri Bandi is a small town in Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983449" title="Batu Rakit">
Batu Rakit

Batu Rakit is a small town in Terengganu, Malaysia. It is situated within the parliamentary constituency of Setiu.

</doc>
<doc id="5983451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983451" title="Bukit Besi">
Bukit Besi

Bukit Besi is a small town in Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983454" title="Missouri State High School Activities Association">
Missouri State High School Activities Association

The Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA) is the governing body for high school activities throughout the state of Missouri. Approximately 580 high schools are members of MSHSAA.
The MSHSAA conducts championship-level activities in 23 activities. At least 50 member high schools must sponsor a sport for an official championship series to be conducted. Sports such as boys volleyball, field hockey, girls lacrosse, boys softball, and water polo are considered "emerging sports" by MSHSAA, but an official postseason series does not exist with less than 50 schools involved in those activities. MSHSAA also administers sideline cheerleading and dance team activities.
History.
The organization was formed in 1926 by a number of schools, both public and private, to oversee championship tournaments. Its first final was in boys' basketball, held that year at Washington University in St. Louis. MSHSAA removed the color barrier in 1952, allowing schools from the MNIAA (Missouri Negro Interscholastic Athletic Association) to join. In the late 1960s, the group unified football tournaments (previously only held locally) to form the Show-Me Bowl we know today.
School Classification.
MSHSAA's member schools are organized into groups based on enrollment, with Class 1 being the smallest. In 11-man football the largest is Class 6, comprising the largest 32 schools based on enrollment. Schools wishing to play 8-man football must have an enrollment smaller than 200 total students. Boys and Girls Basketball has five classifications. Class 5 schools are those with 1,175 students and above; while Class 1 schools are those with 119 students and below. Prior to 2003, the classes were divided into four classes from "A" to "AAAA" (popularly referred to as "1A" to "4A").
However, the number of classes varies by the number of schools that participate in a sport: for example, swimming & diving, along with speech, debate and theater only have one class, while girls softball and girls volleyball use four classes.
Schools in Missouri are able to form their own conferences and play whichever teams they wish in regular season competition. For example, the Ozark Conference, in the southwest portion of the state, has teams from two classes competing against one another.
Schools are assigned into districts for playoff competition only; districts vary depending on sport, size and geographic location. Also unlike other states, there is no "regional" championship designation; during playoff competition schools are generally organized into brackets that are close in geographic proximity.
Wrestling and track districts, for instance, usually have 10 or more teams due to the nature of competition, while football districts have anywhere from four to five. Beginning with the 2012 football season, districts will comprise eight schools. In other sports, district competition is set up like a more traditional tournament bracket at the end of the regular season. The winner of the district tournament advances in the championship series.
Redistricting and regrouping occurs every two years.
Class 5 and Class 4 schools generally come from the state's major metro areas: St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, Joplin, and Columbia/ Jefferson City, although there are exceptions. Class 3, 2 and 1 schools are generally rural, although some small private city schools are grouped here as well.
Organization.
MSHSAA is headquartered in Columbia. 580 schools, both public and private, are members. Its current Executive Director is Dr. Kerwin Urhahn.
MSHSAA is governed by a 10-member Board of Directors whose members are elected to four-year terms by school representatives in eight geographic regions of the state. Two at-large positions to the Board of Directors were added in 2005 to ensure racial and gender diversity.
Potential changes to MSHSAA's By-Laws, such as eligibility standards and activity regulations, are voted on each April, or in special elections, by the Associations's 760 member schools. A process that includes input from more than 30 standing advisory committees, area meetings conducted throughout the state, and an annual questionnaire to the membership help identify issues to be voted on in the annual ballot process and identify issues for further study or modification. Member schools may also request specific changes to the Association's by-laws and constitution through a petition process that places the item directly on the annual ballot.
The Association's by-laws fall into the following general categories: Bona Fide Student, Citizenship, Academics, Residence Requirements, Transferring Schools, Participation Limits, Entering School, Amateur & Awards Standards, Age Limits, Playing Under a False Name, Graduated Students, Nonschool Competition, College Auditions & Tryouts, All-Star Games, Recruiting of Athletes, Transfer for Athletic Reasons, Sports Camps & Clinics, Sportsmanship, and Foreign Student Eligibility. A three-level appeals process is in place for students not meeting the essential eligibility standards due to unusual, unforeseen or unexpected circumstances.
Each of the state's eight geographic regions not only elects members to the Board of Directors and Appeals Committee, but also nominates representatives to the aforementioned advisory committees and elects three members to serve on each region's investigative committee. The investigative committees were formed to investigate formal complaints filed regarding suspected by-law violations committed by member schools.
The Association publishes a quarterly magazine, MSHSAA Journal, and sponsors one of the nation's largest annual sportsmanship and student leadership events each August. In addition, MSHSAA has a number of recognition programs, including the Distinguished Service Awards program, Officials Recognition program, Scholastic Achievement Awards program, Student Advisory Committee, MSHSAA Leadership School program, Sportsmanship/Integrity/Leadership program, the 5-Star School program and Traditions reunion program.
The MSHSAA trains and registers more than 5,000 sports officials and adjudicators each year to arbitrate various athletic events and evaluative music festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="5983455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983455" title="Seberang Takir">
Seberang Takir

Seberang Takir is a small town in Terengganu, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5983460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983460" title="Teluk Kalong">
Teluk Kalong

Teluk Kalung is an industrial town of Kemaman district, Terengganu, Malaysia. The Perwaja Steel mill is located here, as is a plant of the Huntsman (Chemical) Corporation which produced titanium dioxide.

</doc>
<doc id="5983465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983465" title="Flag of Philadelphia">
Flag of Philadelphia

The flag of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, consists of three vertical stripes of equal width (blue, yellow, blue) with the city coat of arms across the center of the yellow stripe (although versions of the flag that omit the coat of arms are also frequently displayed). The seal and arms were adopted by the city in 1874. The blue and yellow colors commemorate the original Swedish colonization of Philadelphia. The dimensions of the flag are "10 feet long and 6 feet wide, or similar proportions". One flag manufacturer who supplies flags to the city government stated that the shade of blue used is "UN Blue" (the same shade used in the United Nations flag).
Coat of arms.
Azure, a fess or, in chief a plough, in base, a ship in full sail, both proper. Crest: a nude right arm holding a pair of scales (representing justice). Supporters: two female figures, on the right side (observer's left), dressed in white and purple robes, crowned with an olive wreath and holding a scroll charged with an anchor in her right hand; on the left side (observer's right) is the goddess Ceres, dressed in white and blue robes holding a cornucopia in her left hand. The motto on a scroll below is "Philadelphia Maneto" ("Let Brotherly Love Continue").

</doc>
<doc id="5983469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983469" title="Terry Vaughn">
Terry Vaughn

Terry Vaughn (born December 25, 1971 in Sumter, South Carolina, United States) is a former Canadian Football League receiver most recently with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. In 2005, Terry Vaughn's 1113 receiving yards combined with those of his teammates (Kerry Watkins's 1364 yards, Ben Cahoon's 1067 yards, and Dave Stala's 1037 yards) as the 2005 Montreal Alouettes became only the second team in CFL history to achieve four players all having over 1000 yards receiving in the same season (the first being the 2004 Alouettes). On July 14, 2006 Terry Vaughn became the all-time leader in receptions in the Canadian Football League, surpassing Darren Flutie's previous record of 973 receptions. Vaughn finished the season with 1,006 career receptions, a record which stood until Ben Cahoon broke it on October 11, 2010. Vaughn also holds the record for most 1000+ yards receiving with 11, while also holding the record for most consecutive 1000+ yards receiving, also with 11. He finished his career in fourth as the CFL's all time receiving yards leader with 13,746 yards. He announced his retirement as a Calgary Stampeder near the beginning of the 2007 season.
Vaughn played college football at the University of Arizona. He played 12 seasons in the CFL for the Calgary Stampeders, Edmonton Eskimos, Montreal Alouettes and Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Vaughn was a three-time CFL all-star and played in five Grey Cup games, winning with Calgary in 1998 and Edmonton in 2003.
In November, 2006, Terry Vaughn was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#45) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
Vaughn was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
Vaughn graduated from Oceanside High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983471" title="WKIX-FM">
WKIX-FM

WKIX-FM (102.9 FM) is an oldies music formatted radio station located in Raleigh, North Carolina, that plays hit music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s as "KIX 102.9, Carolina's Greatest Hits." Its studios are located in Raleigh, and the transmitter tower is in Cary.
History.
The station began operating in 1998 under the call letters WWND-FM, and carried a smooth jazz format as "102.9 the Wind". This setup was very similar in nature to one carried out by another station, WNND-FM 103.9 (now WNNL) from 1990 to 1996. In February of 2001, the station began an all-1980s format as "Star 102.9", with new call letters, WWMY, following shortly thereafter. Goldsboro country station WKIX 96.9 soon joined the new WWMY in a simulcast as WYMY, simulcasting WWMY with 100,000 watts to points east of Raleigh as "Star 96-9 and 102-9".
Over the next two years, Star attempted to tweak its format by becoming a Hot AC hybrid". for a brief time before switching to a classic hits format. It was during this time that the station carried the syndicated Bob and Sheri morning show, which did not go over well because it often got confused with the Bill & Sheri show on competitor WRAL-FM.
The Star-FM simulcast broke off in 2003 when WYMY became a Spanish-speaking station known as "La Ley." WWMY continued on with the classic hits format as "Star-FM - SuperStars of the 70s and 80s" until 2005, when it made another format tweak by picking up the Oldies mantle from what used to be WTRG and changed their handle to Y102.9, which billed itself as "The Home of Motown, Soul, and Rock 'N Roll." The musical focus then shifted on hits from the 1960s and 1970s.
On February 1, 2007, WWMY began a simulcast with WWNF, which shifted its country music format over to WKIX-FM 97.7 in Kinston. WWNF and WKIX had swapped call letters a month prior to the move.
WWNF became WKIX once again late in 2008.
WKIX and WWMY swapped letters early in 2010. As a result, the station dropped its Y102.9 moniker and referred to itself by just the dial position before changing it once again to the current KIX 102.9. In the process, the 80s tunes that had been on Star-FM previously were added back to the playlist, along with the occasional "lost oldie" from the pre-1964 era. WWMY ended its simulcast with WKIX-FM on October 23, 2010 and began stunting with future simulcast partner WKXU, as part of a change in city of license from Goldsboro to Smithfield. 
WKIX-FM also broadcasts football and basketball games for the Duke Blue Devils, which it picked up from the former WRBZ (now WPTK), after that station dropped sports programming altogether.
On January 8, 2014, Curtis Media announced that it has purchased WKIX from McClatchey. WKIX will operate under a TMA with a new company that will be run by Donna Curtis McClatchey, the daughter of Curtis Media owner Don Curtis.
Other stations called WKIX.
The WKIX letters were used for many years by the Raleigh station now known as WPTK, followed by the Raleigh station now called WBBB, then the station now called WBZJ and, after its first stint on the station now called WWPL, on the station now called WEQR in Kinston, North Carolina. The first station to be called WKIX was WISW in Columbia, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="5983472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983472" title="Utah Catzz">
Utah Catzz

The Utah Catzz was a team in the United States Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 1998. The Catzz franchise was owned by Michael & Carla Curran, who also started a farm club for the Catzz, the Salt Lake Lions (semi-pro football team). The Catzz played their home games at the David O. McKay Events Center in Orem, UT., with the team office located in Salt Lake City, UT. The team's color's were: Blue, Red, and Purple. Utah's head coach for the 1998 season was Gordon Hudson. 
The Catzz played four preseason PIFL games in 1997-98. Winning three out of the four:
† was scheduled to be an expansion team for the 1999 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5983483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983483" title="Milton S. Florsheim">
Milton S. Florsheim

Milton S. Florsheim (1868 - December 22, 1936), was the chairman of the board and founder of Florsheim Shoe. Florsheim was connected with the American Jewish Committee and the Jewish Charities of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="5983488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983488" title="Lalit Narayan Mishra">
Lalit Narayan Mishra

Lalit Narayan Mishra (February 2, 1923 – January 3, 1975) was Minister of Railways in the government of India from 1973 to 1975. He was brought into politics by the first Chief Minister of Bihar, Krishna Sinha, when he was made parliamentary secretary at his insistence to the First Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru. In 1975, he died in a bomb blast at Samastipur. The probe in his death still remains unresolved.
Early life.
Lalit Narayan Mishra was born on Basant Panchmi in 1922 at Basanpatti in Saharsa District of Bihar. He did his MA in economics from Patna University in 1948. The young Mishra held nationalists Sri Krishna Sinha and Anugrah Narayan Sinha in high esteem. He married Kameshwari Devi and had two daughters and four sons, including politicianVijay Kumar Mishra.
Political career.
Mishra joined the Indian National Congress party and was a member of the first, second Lok Sabha and 5th Lok Sabha. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha in 1964 to 1966 then in 1966 to 1972. He held various posts in the party and government. He was Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Planning, Labour and Employment (1957–60), Deputy Minister for Home Affairs (1964–66), Deputy Finance Minister (1966–67), Minister of State for Defence Production (1967–70). From 1970 till February 4, 1973 he was Minister of Foreign Trade. On 5 February 1973 he was made Cabinet Minister of Railways by then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
As a Minister of Foreign Trade, he was one of the first to recognize the potential of the former Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh and appointed him as his adviser at the Ministry of Foreign Trade. Their first meeting happened coincidentally on an India-US-Chile flight. Mr. Mishra the minister for commerce (then called minister for foreign trade) was on his way to Santiago, Chile, to attend a meeting of UNCTAD.
Assassination.
As Minister of Railways, he visited Samastipur on 2 January 1975 to declare open Samastipur-Muzaffarpur broad gauge railway line. A bomb explosion on the dais, seriously injured him. He was rushed to the railway hospital at Danapur where he died next day.
Probe into murder.
The murder case in still being heard in the courts. Indira Gandhi blamed "foreign elements" for the murder, probably referring to the CIA. His brother Jaganath Mishra refutes the claim that his LN Mishra or Indira Gandhi had received any bribe from the KGB as alleged in the Mitrokhin Archives; the Congress Party describes the book as "pure sensationalism and vague".
On 26 July 2012, the Supreme Court stated that it will go into the causes of delay as even after 33 years, the trial is yet to conclude in the session court. As of July 2013, the 27-year-old man accused of the murder is now an ailing 65. Of the 39 witnesses he cited to prove his innocence, 31 have died. More than 20 different judges have heard his case over the years, supposedly on a day-by-day basis.
Legacy.
A university, Lalit Narayan Mithila University, MBA institutes, L N Mishra Institute of Economic development and Social Changes, L N Mishra Institute of Business Management in Bihar is named after him. A railway Hospital in Gorakhpur, UP is named after him. The Government of India issued a postage stamp in his memory.
Family.
Many of Mishra's family members are involved in public service and one of them is renowned media personality. Mishra's son Vijay Kumar Mishra is an MLA. Mishra's younger brother Jagannath Mishra has been Chief Minister of Bihar for three terms. His nephew Nitish Mishra is a cabinet minister in Bihar. His another nephew Rajiv Mishra is managing Lok Sabha TV as CEO and host one of India's most watched weekly show "Special Guest" on LSTV.

</doc>
<doc id="5983493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983493" title="Romanian Day Festival">
Romanian Day Festival

The Romanian Day Festival in New York City on Broadway is a Romanian cultural festival. It has been held every year since 1999 on the first Saturday of May to commemorate Romanian immigration to the United States. The occasion draws together the almost 200,000 Romanian-Americans/Romanians living in New York City. The Romanian community is one of only seven immigrant communities in New York that has Broadway closed for an ethnic festival.
Overview.
MIC & Associates and the largest Romanian-American weekly, ZIUA USA, organize Romania Day Festival on Broadway, an event that brings together Romanians from North America and from all over the world. The Festival takes place in the Lower Manhattan Financial District, and is attended by people from the New York metropolitan region, tourists, businessmen, leaders of the Romanian-American community, church officials, and other dignitaries.
During the event, the financial heart of the City of New York, from Wall Street to Fulton and Broad Street celebrates the best of Romanian culture, history and traditions. The President of Romania, Mr. Traian Basescu, has been invited and is expected to attend the Festival. Representatives of American government and of New York, together with Romanian counterparts, participate in the opening ceremonies of the festival. Numerous Romanian and American organizations present and promote their products and services to all those in attendance. Traditional Romanian food and drinks are served, while folk art is exhibited. Artists and renowned musicians perform live for the audience, the largest gathering of Romanians outside the country's borders. The Festival culminates with a dinner gala for the sponsors.
History.
The Festival was celebrated for the first time in April 2000 by Stefan Minovici, founder and president of MIC & Associates, a Wall Street business consulting firm. Since then, the Festival has become a tradition and has continued to grow each year. It has evolved from a local two-block street fair, to an international event that is broadcast live to over 10 million people world-wide.
The Festival in 2000.
The guest of honor during the first edition of Romania Day Festival were Their Majesties King Michael and Queen Ana of Romania and the Royal Family. Many celebrities, diplomats and dignitaries, politicians, and Romanian and American businessmen took part in the event: sports celebrities Ilie Năstase and Dumitru Haradau, Romanian diplomats and politicians Sorin Ducaru, Ion Gorita, Mircea Geoana, former Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC, and former Romanian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Linda Grass, representative of New York Mayor Giuliani, and others.
The Festival in 2001.
Some of the top dignitaries who attended the second edition of the Romanian Day Festival include: Emil Constantinescu, former President of Romania, Dan Matei Agaton, Romanian Minister of Tourism, Mugur Isarescu, Governor of Romania's National Bank, and Sorin Ducaru, Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC.
The Festival in 2002.
The third edition of the Romania Day Festival took place on Water Street, and was honored by the presence of Ion Iliescu, President of Romania, Daniela Bartos, Romanian Minister of Health, Ecaterina Andronescu, Romanian Minister of Education, Sorin Ducaru and Alexandru Niculescu, the Ambassadors of Romania to Washington, DC, and the United Nations, respectively. Romania's number one sports figure, Gheorghe Hagi, and two well known Romanian pop groups contributed to the success of the event.
The Festival in 2003.
Many personalities attended the fourth edition Romanian Day Festival in 2003. They are: Simona Miculescu, Senior Presidential Adviser, Dan Matei Agaton, Romanian Minister of Tourism, and Sorin Ducaru, Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC.
The Festival in 2004.
The fifth edition of the Romania Day Festival brought the first live TV coverage of such an event from Romanian Diaspora. The live coverage was possible due to a partnership with the Romanian National Television – TVR. Among the Romanian stars participating were Monica Anghel, Nicola and her band, and the renowned pan flutist Nicolae Voiculet.
The Festival in 2005.
At the 2005 edition, the live TV transmission was extended to four continents. Singers Andra, Nicola and George Rotaru, together with famous dancing folk group Banatul, entertained the audience for over eight hours. Sorin Ducaru, Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC, and Mihnea Motoc, Ambassador of Romania to the United Nations, participated in this event together with Mihai Naumescu, Romanian State Secretary, and Linda Grass, New York Mayor Bloomberg's representative.
The Festival in 2006.
At the seventh edition, the famous Romanian pop band Akcent, singers Nicola and George Rotaru, together with popular dancing folk group Banatul, entertained the audience. Sorin Ducaru, Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC, and Mihnea Motoc, Ambassador of Romania to the United Nations, participated in this event together with Gheorghe Barbu, Romanian Secretary of Labor, the Honorable Nino Pavoni, General Consul of Romania in New York, and Mayor Bloomberg's representatives Terry Jackson and Elizabeth Daly.
The Festival in 2007.
The eight edition of the Romania Day Festival in New York took place on Saturday, May 5. Just as it had for 7 years in a row, the Financial Center of the world vibrated with sounds and lyrics of the Romanian music and language for a day. A display of traditional Romanian crafts, traditional music, national costumes, ethnic foods, and pop music brought together over 25,000 participants, from our Diaspora, their American friends alike and tourists from all over the world. Celebrities from back home as well as renowned artists of the Romanian-American community took turns and captivated the broad audience from the large stage especially set up for the event. Among the ones entertaining the public were: De La Vegas duet (Romania), folk music singer Lia Lungu (USA), Sanziana & Ani Stanciu (USA), and the band INDIGGO. The festival, hosted by TV personalities Mihaela Craciun and Cosmin Chivu, was aired live, via satellite to an audience of millions from Australia to Canada.
The Festival in 2008.
The ninth edition of the Festival was made possible with financial support from the Romanian Ministers of Small and Medium Enterprises, Commerce, Tourism and Liberal Professions, the National Tourism Office of Romania, and with the New York assistance of Mr. Simion Alb.
The festival took place on the Bowling Green Esplanade outside the Museum of the American Indians, and benefited by the presence of two important figures of Romanian Television and Fashion scene: Mihaela Radulescu and Catalin Botezatu. The event was recorded and broadcast during the Romanian TV show hosted by Mihaela Radulescu. Catalin Botezatu charmed the audience with two exceptional fashion collections, which later in the day were privately presented to big American luxury goods companies. Many Romanian artists performed during the show: Oana Zavoranu, at the first public appearance after her first music album, Andreea Antonescu, Camelia Ciobanu, Lia Lungu, Sanziana & Ani Stanciu, Marisena Zamfir and the dancing folk group Banatul.
The event was honored by the presence of Adrian Vierita, the Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC, the Honorable Pietro Pavoni, General Consul of Romania in New York, Terry Jackson, Director of International Affairs Division City of New York, and a group of Romanian and American businessmen.
The Festival in 2009.
The anniversary edition of the Romania Day Festival was the culmination of a week dedicated to the Romanian industry, which was attended by the prominent Romanian financial institutions, from as wide-ranging fields as defense, energy and infrastructure, as well as executives from big American companies and investment funds. The Guests of Honor for this series of events were: Rudolph Giuliani, former Mayor of New York, and Professor Robert Engle, Laureate of the Nobel Prize for Economics, on the American side, and General Constantin Degeratu, Presidential Advisor for National Security and Defense, and Price Paul of Romania and Princess Lia, on the Romanian side.
The Romania Broadway Festival was attended by over 20,000 people, who came to watch the 7-hour long concert given by Romanian artists, including George Rotaru, Lia Lungu, Cristina Turcu, Brandusa Covalciuc, and the group "Romanasul".
The Festival in 2010.
The Eleventh Edition of the Romania Day Festival continued the tradition of the largest cultural event outside the country that celebrated the best values that Romania has to offer, from traditions, music, culture, history or food. The program included a 6 hours live concert of local Romanian artist such as George Rotaru, Natalia Sandu, Lia Lungu, Nina Turcanu, Mihai Donca, Toni Cortez or Diana Prepelita. The event was honored by the presence of Adrian Vierita, the Ambassador of Romania to Washington, DC, the Honorable Pietro Pavoni, General Consul of Romania in New York, Terry Jackson, Director of International Affairs Division City of New York, Kristy Stiles, Director of PR of Governor David A. Paterson, and a group of Romanian and American businessmen. Last year, following the Eleventh Annual Festival – Romania Broadway – and lobbying efforts by MIC & Associates, Governor David A. Paterson has proclaimed the month of May, the Romanian Heritage Month in the State of New York and May 1st, and the Romanian National Day. It was for the first time in history of the State when such honors were bestowed upon the Romanian-American community in New York.
The Festival in 2011.
MIC & Associates and “Fratii Minovici” Cultural Foundation will organized the Twelfth Edition of the Romania Day Festival on legendary Broadway. On Sunday, May 16the financial heart of the City of New York celebrated the best of Romanian culture, history and traditions. The program included a live five-hour series of artistic events with local Romanian performers, theatre, ruffles and other entertainment moments. The guests of honor were H.E. Laszlo Borbely, the Romanian Minister of the Environment. Other key representatives of the United States and local government and from City Hall of New York, together with Romanian counterparts and leaders of the Romanian-American community were also present. More than 25,000 tourists, diplomats, businessmen, church officials, and other dignitaries participated at the event. The previous year, following the Eleventh Annual Festival – Romania Broadway – and lobbying efforts by MIC & Associates, Governor David A. Paterson has proclaimed the month of May, the Romanian Heritage Month in the State of New York and May 1st, the Romania National Day. It was for the first time in history of the State when such honors were bestowed upon the Romanian-American community in New York. 
The Festival in 2012.
The 13th Edition of the festival took place on Sunday May 5, 2012. Among the guests of honour was HE Laszlo Borbely, Romanian Minister of Environment and Forests, HE Cristian Petrescu, Romanian Minister of Tourism and Development and Mr. Barna Tantzos, State Secretary for Agriculture. HE Simona Miculescu, Romanian UN Ambassador and Marian Parjo, Consul General in New York, presented messages of support from the Romanian Government in front of a large audience. The spectators were entertained by a series of concerts of Romanian and local artists, such as Ana-Maria Ferencz or Banatul Group. The visitors enjoyed the traditional food, while getting to know Romania and its treasures through an exquisite exhibition presented by the Romanian Minister of Tourism.
The Festival in 2013.
The 14th edition of the Festival took place on Sunday May 12, 2013 on Broadway, between Liberty Street and Battery Park. It was the first time in its history when artists from Romania and the United States did not participate at this extraordinary event that celebrated Romanian history, culture and traditions.
Politicians, ambassadors, ministers and high ranking American officials were forced to cancel their appearance at the Festival. Over 20,000 people, mostly non-Romanian tourists and New Yorkers did show up, however, on a very bright and warm Sunday to visit the stands and spend the day in a less than Romanian setting in the heart of New York City.
We very much regret that we disappointed our compatriots and supporters, but will continue with our efforts to promote a wonderful country, with superb values and talented people next year in 2014. With no pledges, support and contributions from Romania, it is virtually impossible to carry on a real event of this magnitude by one individual and his family.
The Festival in 2014.
The most important Romanian cultural event outside the country’s borders, the Romania Day Festival on Broadway, held its Fifteenth Edition on Sunday, June 22, 2014. The meeting place for two worlds, Romanian and American, created the perfect opportunity to bring together people from many worlds, but above all, traditions, values and culture from one very special country, Romania. On the most venerated stage of the world, Broadway, along the famous Canyon of the Heroes, in the Financial District of Manhattan, we enjoyed together the best that our country has to offer to America and the World at large.
Among the American officials who attended our event this year were: Honorable Loretta Sanchez (D) Congresswoman from California, the co-chair of the Romanian Caucus and the keynote speaker of the Festival; New York City Mayor, Bill De Blasio; Romanian Minister Delegate of the Diaspora, H.E. Bogdan Stanoevici; Romanian Ambassador to Washington DC, H.E. Iulian Buga; and H.E. Simona Miculescu, Ambassador and the Permanent Representative of Romania to the United Nations. 
The Romania Day Festival was held on Broadway, between Liberty Street and Battery Park/ Bowling Green Plaza. Artists from both Romania and United States participated at this extraordinary event that celebrates the Romanian history, culture, values and traditions.Community leaders, artists, politicians, diplomats and several high-ranking American officials joined us, the largest Romanian Diaspora in the world, to celebrate our Festival. Over 25,000 people visited the stands and spent the day in an original Romanian setting, in the heart of New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983503" title="Uniform Premarital Agreement Act">
Uniform Premarital Agreement Act

The Uniform Premarital Agreement Act (UPAA) is a Uniform Act governing prenuptial agreements. It was drafted by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 1983.
The UPAA has been adopted by 27 states (Arizona, Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and Wisconsin)
The UPAA has been introduced in 2009 and not yet adopted in these states (Mississippi, Missouri, South Carolina, and West Virginia) 

</doc>
<doc id="5983524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983524" title="Sonny Ates">
Sonny Ates

Charles "Sonny" Ates (March 28, 1935 - October 25, 2010) former American racecar driver.
Biography.
Ates was born in Sellersburg, Indiana. He raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1968–1970 seasons, with 15 career starts, including the 1969 Indianapolis 500. He finished in the top ten 5 times, with his best finish in 5th position in 1968 at Brooklyn.
Ates was one of the best Sprint Car racers during the 1960s and 1970s. He held the world speed record for a sprint car by being the fastest at the famed Winchester Speedway in Winchester, Indiana. He would often help new drivers find the right "groove" at that track.
Ates died in Phoenix, Arizona on October 25, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5983541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983541" title="Margot Fenring">
Margot Fenring

Lady Margot Fenring is a fictional character from the "Dune" universe created by Frank Herbert. She is featured in Herbert's "Dune" (1965), and is a major character in the "Prelude to Dune" prequel trilogy (1999-2001) by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson.
The Bene Gesserit wife of Count Hasimir Fenring, Margot is first described in "Dune" through Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen's eyes:
Feyd-Rautha dipped his head with the required courtesy. He stared at the Lady Fenring. She was golden-haired and willowy, her perfection of figure clothed in a flowing gown of ecru — simple fitness of form without ornament. Gray-green eyes stared back at him. She had that Bene Gesserit serene repose about her that the young man found subtly disturbing.
The non-canon "Dune Encyclopedia" (1984) by Willis E. McNelly invents an extensive, alternate biography for Margot.
"Dune".
In "Dune", Count Fenring had been the Governor of Arrakis during the handover period between House Harkonnen and House Atreides. Margot leaves behind a note for her Bene Gesserit sister Lady Jessica, concubine to Duke Leto Atreides, in the palace on Arrakis:
"TO THE LADY JESSICA — May this place give you as much pleasure as it has given me. Please permit the room to convey a lesson we learned from the same teachers: the proximity of a desirable thing tempts one to overindulgence. On that path lies danger. My kindest wishes, MARGOT LADY FENRING"
Jessica's own training alerts her to the true nature of Margot's message:
But the hidden message of the note demanded immediate attention, couched as it was in a way to inform her the writer was another Bene Gesserit ... The visible note contained the code phrase every Bene Gesserit not bound by a School Injunction was required to give another Bene Gesserit when conditions demanded it: "On that path lies danger." Jessica felt the back of the note, rubbed the surface for coded dots. Nothing ... She looked at the leaf above the pad. The leaf! She brushed a finger along the under surface, along the edge, along the stem. It was there! Her fingers detected the subtle coded dots, scanned them in a single passage:
"Your son and Duke are in immediate danger. A bedroom has been designed to attract your son. The H loaded it with death traps to be discovered, leaving one that may escape detection. I do not know the exact nature of the menace, but it has something to do with a bed. The threat to your Duke involves defection of a trusted companion or lieutenant. The H plan to give you as gift to a minion. To the best of my knowledge, this conservatory is safe. Forgive that I cannot tell more. My sources are few as my Count is not in the pay of the H. In haste, MF."
Unfortunately, Margot's warning is not enough to stop the Harkonnen plot against the Atreides. Duke Leto is killed, and Jessica and her son Paul are forced to flee into the desert of Arrakis.
Later in the events of "Dune", Margot is sent by the Bene Gesserit to seduce Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen and to "preserve the bloodline" by retrieving his genetic material (through conception) for their breeding program. She also intends to "plant deep in his deepest self the necessary prana-bindu phrases to bend him," which she later refers to as the "Hypno-ligation of that Feyd-Rautha's psyche." As she and her husband discuss what a shame it is that Paul Atreides is dead (as everyone thinks he is at that time), Margot prophetically recounts a Bene Gesserit saying: 
Near the end of the novel, it is made clear that Margot has shared some of her training with her husband: "The Count focused on Paul, seeing with eyes his Lady Margot had trained in the Bene Gesserit way, aware of the mystery and hidden grandeur about this Atreides youth." Hasimir subsequently refuses Emperor Shaddam IV's command that he kill Paul.
Soon after, as Reverend Mother Mohiam watches Paul and Feyd-Rautha duel to the death, she comments on the existence of Margot's child by Feyd: "If both died here that would leave only Feyd-Rautha's bastard daughter, still a baby, an unknown, an unmeasured factor, and Alia."
Seizing control of Arrakis, Paul deposes Shaddam, who is exiled to Salusa Secundus; Count Fenring willingly joins the former Emperor.
"Prelude to Dune".
"Dune: House Atreides".
During the events of "Dune: House Atreides", unmarried Margot Rashino-Zea is hand-selected by Bene Gesserit Kwisatz Mother Anirul to infiltrate the household of Abulurd Harkonnen on Lankiveil. One of the Bene Gesserit's best commandos, she knows sixty-three ways to kill a human using nothing but her fingers, and has also been trained in the ways of spying and ferreting out information, flash-memorization techniques and connecting mismatched tidbits of data to construct a broader picture. The Sisterhood hopes to find incriminating evidence, perhaps hidden there by the Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, that they can use to coerce the Baron into participating in their breeding program. Margot soon discovers that the Harkonnens have been grossly underreporting melange production to CHOAM and the Padishah Emperor Elrood IX, and are stockpiling it for their own purposes.
Margot convinces Emperor Shaddam IV to marry Revered Mother Anirul: 
"The Sisterhood can help you secure your power base — more than an alliance with any single Great House of the Landsraad ... in these difficult times, we believe you would gain the greatest advantage by allying your throne with the power and resources of the Bene Gesserit Sisterhood ... The Bene Gesserit are quite influential, you know. We can work behind the scenes to smooth over any difficulties you currently have with the Landsraad. This would free you to perform the work of being Emperor and secure your place in history. A number of your grandfathers have done this, to good effect ... You are now the most powerful man in the universe, Sire, but your political rule is balanced between yourself, the Landsraad Council, and the powerful forces of the Spacing Guild and the Bene Gesserit. Your marriage to one of my Sisters would be ... mutually beneficial."
Margot's future husband Count Fenring adds:
"Besides, Sire ... an alliance with any other Great House would bring with it certain ... baggage. You would join with one family at the risk of spurning another. We don't want to trigger another rebellion."
Through this arrangement the Bene Gesserit seek influence over the Imperial throne by ensuring that Shaddam will never have a son.
"Dune: House Harkonnen".
In "Dune: House Harkonnen", Margot seeks out the Fremen on Arrakis in search of a group of Bene Gesserit sisters working on the Missionaria Protectiva who had disappeared in approximately 10,070 A.G. (Reverend Mother Ramallo among them).
Margot reads the title page of a manual from a Fremen desert survival kit called a fremkit:
"This is like the Azhar Book," Margot exclaimed, surprised to see an edition adapted to Fremen ways. "Our Book of Great Secrets."
Further works.
"Sandworms of Dune".
In "Sandworms of Dune" (2007), the second of Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson's two-part finale to the original "Dune" series, a ghola of Paul Atreides is created over 5,000 years after the original's death. Once his memories are restored, Paul recalls that after his ascension to the Imperial throne (between the novels "Dune" and 1969's "Dune Messiah") he "had not been able to escape political struggles, assassination attempts, the exiled Emperor Shaddam's bid for power and the pretender daughter of Feyd-Rautha and Lady Fenring ..."
"Paul of Dune".
Hasimir and Margot are raising Feyd and Margot's daughter — whom they have named Marie — as their own in the Brian Herbert/Kevin J. Anderson interquel "Paul of Dune" (2008). Between the events of "Dune" and "Dune Messiah" (1969), the Fenrings train their young child as both an assassin and a Bene Gesserit, but reject the interference of the Sisterhood itself in favor of their own plans for Marie to seize the Imperial throne from Paul Atreides. Marie has Margot's blond hair and features, as well as Feyd's pale blue eyes; at age six, the Fenrings declare her ready. Marie is accepted into Paul's court as a playmate for his young sister Alia. At a banquet with her visiting parents, Marie and the Fenrings execute their well-planned assassination attempt on Paul. Alia manages to kill Marie, but Margot's revelation of her daughter's paternity surprises Paul enough to allow Hasimir to stab him mortally. Paul's concubine Chani uses the poisonous Water of Life to help save him, and he lives; rather than kill the Fenrings, he banishes them to Salusa Secundus into permanent exile with Shaddam, whom they loathe.
Margot in adaptations.
Both Margot and her husband Hasimir are omitted from David Lynch's 1984 "Dune". However, Hasimir plays a minor part in the 2000 miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune", and some of Margot's actions are attributed to Princess Irulan as part of Director John Harrison's expansion of Irulan's role in that adaptation. The character of Margot was to have an increased role in the film adaptation of "Dune" planned by Alejandro Jodorowsky in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5983542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983542" title="Sasha Gotsmanov">
Sasha Gotsmanov

Sasha Gotsmanov (born 19 September 1982 in Minsk, Belarus) is an American-Belarusian soccer player, who spent one season in the MLS and two in the USL First Division.
Sasha was born into a soccer family. His father, Sergey Gotsmanov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team that were runners-up for the 1988 European Football Championship. His mother, Olga, was the Belarusian national gymnastics coach. When Sasha was 15 his family moved from Belarus to Minnesota, so that Sergei could play for the Minnesota Thunder. Meanwhile, Sasha became a star player at the high school level.
In 2001 he enrolled under scholarship at the University of Rhode Island where he would play soccer for the next four years. During his time with Rhode Island he played in 82 games, scored 35 goals and assisted on 19. He was named Atlantic 10 Player of the Year in 2004.
On 8 April 2005 he signed with the Colorado Rapids as a developmental player. In 2005 he played most of the year with the Rapids Reserve team and was named the Reserves Most Valuable Player. He earned his lone MLS appearance on October 12 against Real Salt Lake. In the beginning of June 2006 he was loaned to the Minnesota Thunder but returned to the Rapids in July. At the end of the season, Gotsmanov was waived by the team. For the 2007 season, he signed up with the Thunder again, this time on a permanent deal.
He has a younger brother, Andrei, who actually (August 2010) plays for the NSC Minnesota Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="5983544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983544" title="Colorado High School Activities Association">
Colorado High School Activities Association

The Colorado High School Activities Association (CHSAA) is the governing body for all high school activities throughout the state of Colorado. It was founded in 1921, and currently has a membership of 328 full-time high schools, plus more than 50 middle and junior high schools, for a total of almost 400 schools. The schools hold events for sixteen different sports for both boys and girls, plus competitions in music, sportsmanship, student council, and spirit.
Sports.
Fall
Winter
Spring

</doc>
<doc id="5983553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983553" title="Lake Hayes">
Lake Hayes

Lake Hayes is a small lake in the Wakatipu Basin in Central Otago, in New Zealand's South Island. It is located close to the towns of Arrowtown and Queenstown.
The southern end of the lake is close to State Highway 6, while the western side is bordered by Slope Hill. The main area for access to the lake is the northern end which has a large grassed area for recreation activities.
The Lake Hayes Showgrounds which have a pavilion and parking area has an annual show called "The Lake Hayes A&P Show".
The nearby large residential sub-division of Lake Hayes Estate is just across the main highway and takes its name from Lake Hayes.
A track called the "Lake Hayes Circuit" runs around the lake and forms part of The Queenstown Trail and is popular for use by walkers, runners and cyclists.
History.
The local Māori iwi (tribe) of Kai Tahu originally named the lake "Te Whaka-ata a Haki-te-kura" after an ancestress called Haki-te-kura whose image was said to be reflected in the lake.
Settlers originally knew the lake as Hays Lake after D. Hay, an Australian who came to the district looking for sheep country in 1859. Its name gradually changed to Lake Hayes, as its discovery was credited erroneously to Captain "Bully" Hayes, an early local character of the district.
Fauna.
Birdlife that can been seen on lake include the introduced Mallard and Feral Goose and the native New Zealand Scaup, Australasian Crested Grebe and the Black Shag.
Exotic fish in the lake that can be taken recreationally include Brown Trout and Perch, while native fish include Upland bully, Koaro and Long-finned Eel.

</doc>
<doc id="5983558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983558" title="Sandoricum koetjape">
Sandoricum koetjape

Sandoricum koetjape (santol or cottonfruit) is a tropical fruit grown in Southeast Asia.
Origin and distribution.
The santol is believed native to former Indochina and Peninsular Malaysia, and to have been introduced into Sri Lanka, India, Borneo, Indonesia, the Moluccas, Mauritius, The Seychelles and the Philippines where it has become naturalized. It is also called "Yamapi"'. It is commonly cultivated throughout these regions and the fruits are seasonally abundant in the local and international markets.
Botanical description.
There are two varieties of santol fruit, previously considered two different species, the yellow variety and the red. The difference is in the color that the older leaves turn before falling. The red appears to be more common and the reddish leaves mixed with the green ones add to the distinction and attractiveness of the tree. The fruits are often the size, shape and slightly fuzzy texture of peaches, with a reddish tinge. Both types have a skin that may be a thin peel to a thicker rind, according to the variety. It is often edible and in some cultivars may contain a milky juice. The central pulp near the seeds may be sweet or sour and contains inedible brown seeds. In some varieties the outer rind is thicker and is the main edible portion, with a mild peachy taste combined with some taste and the pulpy texture of apples. In others the outer rind is thinner and harder and the inner whitish pulp around the seeds is eaten. This may be rather sour in many cultivars, which has reduced the general acceptance of the tree. Most improved varieties have increased thickness of the edible outer rind, which can be eaten with a spoon leaving just the outer skin, and should increase the acceptance of the santol worldwide. 
The fruit grows on a fast-growing tree that may reach 150 feet in height. It bears ribbed leaves and pink or yellow-green flowers about 1 centimeter long.
Uses.
The ripe fruits are harvested by climbing the tree and plucking by hand, alternatively a long stick with a forked end may be used to twist the fruits off. The pulp is eaten raw and plain or with spices added. It is also cooked and candied or made into marmalade. Grated pulp is cooked in coconut milk (with bits of pork and hot pepper) and served as a dish in Bicol, Philippines. Santol seeds are inedible and may cause complications such as intestinal obstruction if swallowed. 
In Thai cuisine this fruit is used to make som tam when still not fully ripe. It is also one of the main ingredients in the santol and pork (แกงหมูกระท้อน) and santol and prawn Thai curries (แกงคั่วกระท้อนกุ้ง).
The wood of the tree is useful for construction, being plentiful and usually easy to work and polish. It makes a good shade tree. The leaves and bark have been used medicinally as a poultice. Several parts of the plant may have anti-inflammatory effects, and some chemical extracts from santol stems have shown anti-cancer properties in vitro. Extracts from santol seeds have insecticidal properties.
Cultivation.
It is a tree of humid tropical regions and it grows from sea level of elevation to a height of 3,000 feet above sea level. It grows better in deep and organic grounds, and with rainfall distributed throughout the year. Although, it tolerates long periods of dry season.
The distance of planting from each other is 20 to 25 feet. It requires fertilization two times a year so it can grow better.Normally, seed trees produce fruit after 5 or 7 years of age, though some cultivars need only 3 or 4.
The santol is a very productive tree. A mature tree can produce between 18,000 and 24,000 fruits per year. In Puerto Rico it produces in the months of August and September.

</doc>
<doc id="5983566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983566" title="Doctor of Love">
Doctor of Love

Doctor Of Love (HAC81) was a CD single compilation of two Sneeze 7" singles, "Doctor of Love" (from "Lost The Spirit To Rock & Roll") and "Loud & True" (from "Just The Blues Sped Up"). It also included a 'bonus' track' - "Ninth of the Ninth, Ninety-Nine" - which the liner notes say the band no longer takes responsibility for after 9/9/99. There is also a live version of "When Honey Snaps" recorded during 'the last week of the Sando', September 1998. The cd cover artwork was done by Simon Day from Ratcat, using the original "Blind Love" artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="5983570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983570" title="Asterix and the Big Fight (film)">
Asterix and the Big Fight (film)

Asterix and the Big Fight is a 1989 animated movie directed by Philippe Grimond as a French-German co-production which was produced by Yannick Piel as "Astérix et le coup du menhir". It is based on the Asterix comic book series. The movie has a different plot from the book of the same name. It combines plot elements from "Asterix and the Big Fight" and "Asterix and the Soothsayer". Although there is plenty of fighting — as usual for an Asterix story — the actual "fight" that the story is named for is not part of the movie's plot. The novelization was titled ""Operation Getafix"" (the German translation of the film was "Operation Hinkelstein", a hinkelstein being a menhir).
Plot summary.
The Romans plan to capture Getafix to keep him from making the magic potion. In an effort to rescue him, Obelix accidentally puts Getafix out of action with a menhir, the impact of which causes amnesia and insanity.
While the Gauls come to grips with this, a major storm sweeps over the village and a soothsayer named Prolix seeks shelter with them. He quickly deceives the more credulous villagers about the authenticity of his abilities and after the storm passes he sets up in the forest nearby.
Asterix and Vitalstatistix desperately attempt to have Getafix brew the potion, resulting in explosions and the occasional flying cauldron — alerting the Romans that something is up. They send a camouflaged, and very reluctant, spy to investigate. He is quickly captured and used as a guinea pig for Getafix' less explosive concoctions. However one of these makes him lighter than air causing him to float away, and he reports their problem.
The Romans send a patrol to investigate, and come back with the Soothsayer instead, however the villagers think the sceptical Asterix has driven him off. The centurion is quickly convinced that Prolix is genuine (much to his dismay since Gaulish soothsayers are to be arrested) and decides to use him to chase away the villagers. Soon Prolix appears at the gates and foretells doom if the village is not abandoned — all but Asterix, Obelix and a still crazed and potion brewing Getafix leave, going to a nearby island.
Meanwhile Getfix brews a truly noxious potion whose vapours engulf the village, driving off the Romans who had quickly moved in, but also convincing them that the soothsayer had real abilities since the smell matched his prediction of pestilence. However when Getafix accidentally tastes some he is cured (despite Obelix' attempt to treat his condition with a second tap from a menhir).
Getafix brews the magic potion and convinces the villagers to test the soothsayer's reliability by attacking the Roman camp. The soothsayer is "menhired", the centurion demoted to the ranks, and the village goes back to normal.
Release notes.
The first English dub of the "Asterix and the Big Fight" featured the voices of British actors Bill Oddie, Bernard Bresslaw, Peter Hawkins, Brian Blessed, Tim Brooke-Taylor, Andrew Sachs, and Ron Moody, amongst others. For the English DVD Box Set release, rather than using the British dub, an American dub was included, featuring the voices of Henry Winkler as Asterix, Rosey Grier as Obelix and Lucille Bliss as Impedimenta. This dub had been intended for a U.S. release which ultimately never materialized, and it was shelved for over a decade until it appeared on DVD. The American dub is considered inferior by fans of the original due to it changing parts of the plot as well as character names (Getafix is changed to "Vitamix", Vitalstatistix to "Bombastix", Cacofonix to "Franksinatrix," and Unhygienix to "Fishstix"), and general dumbing-down for an audience assumed to be unfamiliar with the characters. The American dub assigns stereotypical Italian comedy accents to the Roman characters, features a narrator ( Tony Jay ) explaining the plot to the audience, and makes changes to the terminology of the original story, substituting "wizard" for druid, "fortuneteller" for soothsayer, "rockets" for menhirs, and "vitamin potion" for the magic potion.
Historical inaccuracies.
The optio wears a standard legionary's helmet in the film. In his rank, his helmet would actually have had plumes of horse hair or feathers on either side of his helmet that could be accompanied by a helmet crest. He would also carry the "hastile", a special staff roughly his own size.

</doc>
<doc id="5983581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983581" title="Sicilian American">
Sicilian American

Sicilian Americans (Italian:Siculoamericani) (Sicilian:Siculu-miricani) are Americans of Sicilian birth or ancestry. They are the largest and most prominent Italian American group in the United States. 
History.
Early arrivals and the main immigration.
The first Sicilians came to what is now the United States in the seventeenth century as explorers and missionaries. Sicilian emigration to the US then grew substantially in the period starting in the 1880s and in 1906 as many as a 100,000 Sicilians came to the US. By 1924, immigration restrictions had caused this to plummet. This period saw political and economic shifts in Sicily that made emigration desirable. A great portion of the Sicilian immigrants would settle in New York, New Haven, Buffalo, Tampa, New Jersey, Chicago, Boston, Detroit, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, San Francisco, New Orleans and Milwaukee.
Culture.
Elements of Sicilian culture came with them, such as theatre and music. Giovanni De Rosalia was a noted Sicilian American playwright in the early period and farce was popular in several Sicilian dominated theatres. In music Sicilian Americans would be linked, to some extent, to jazz. Many of the more popular cities for Sicilian immigrants, like New Orleans or Chicago, are pivotal in the history of jazz. In Chicago the predominately Sicilian neighborhood was called "Little Sicily" and in New Orleans it was "Little Palermo." One of the earliest, and among the most controversial, figures in jazz was Nick LaRocca, who was of Sicilian heritage. Modern Sicilian American jazz artists include Bobby Militello and Chuck Mangione.
The Sicilian-American respect for "San Giuseppe" (St. Joseph) is reflected in the celebration of the Feast of St. Joseph, primarily in New Orleans and Buffalo, every March 19. Many families in those cities prepare a ""St. Joseph's Day table"", at which relatives or neighbors portray Jesus, Joseph and Mary and oversee the serving of meat-free Lenten meals to the poor of the community. The tables are the vestiges of a Sicilian legend which states that farmers prayed to St. Joseph, promising that if he interceded in a drought, they would share their bounty with the poor. The foods served at such tables include: "pasta con sarde" (spaghetti with sardines); "lenticchie" (lentils); and various "froscie" (omelettes) made with "cardoon" (wild artichoke), "cicoria" (dandelion) and other homely vegetables. Desserts include "sfinge" or "zeppoli", a light puff pastry; "pignolati" (honey balls); and "cannoli", a Sicilian creation. One tradition has each guest at a St. Joseph's Day table receiving a slice of orange, a bit of fennel and a "fava" bean, for good luck.
Stereotypes.
Sicilian-American immigrants often faced unjust stereotypes and discrimination, often from other Italians. Tensions between Italian regions had not been entirely resolved with unification, and northern Italians had sayings that unjustifiably painted Sicilians as untrustworthy and dishonest. A more persistent stereotype linked Sicilian Americans to the Mafia, and continues to be perpetuated through films such as "The Godfather" that portray Sicilians in this light. As the Mafia is of Sicilian origin, Sicilian Americans were stereotyped as Mafia-linked to an even greater degree than Italian Americans in general, with the rationalization that the Mafia emerged in Sicily. Despite stereotypic pressures, Sicilian Americans have continued to thrive in the cultural climate of America, with many professionals: physicians, attorneys, intellectuals, actors, directors, musicians, athletes, and politicians of notable prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="5983594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983594" title="Dictionary of Western Australians">
Dictionary of Western Australians

The Dictionary of Western Australians and the related Bicentennial Dictionary of Western Australians are two multi-volume biographical dictionaries containing details of European and non-European settlement in Western Australia from the foundation of the Swan River Colony in 1829 until 1888. 
Writer and historian Rica Erickson was the head compiler of the books and coordinator of the project which ran from the late 1960s to 1988. The editorial committee included Reg Appleyard, Geoffrey Bolton, Margaret Medcalf, Tom Stannage, Pamela Statham, and Sandra Taylor.
Few states in Australia have been in a position to undertake such a project due to a lack of records and other logistical issues. However the presence, and comprehensive holdings of the volumes of the Western Australia Post Office Directory (which commenced in 1893) have facilitated the checking of names and locations. 
The volumes are held as basic reference items in the State Records Office, the J S Battye Library and many public libraries throughout the state.
Western Australia's population in 1850 was approximately 5,000. In 1850, the first of approximately 9,600 convicts arrived and these continued until 1868. With a similar number of free settler arrivals during the convict period, the state's population swelled nearly fivefold in less than 20 years. The discovery of gold in the Kalgoorlie area of Western Australia in the 1880s led to further significant population growth during that period. For these reasons, the first series was separated by the significant years of 1850, 1868 and 1888.
The combined series contain basic biographical details of over 20,000 individuals.
The Western Australian Biographical Index.
In the late 1960s, historian, author and genealogist, Rica Erickson, who had previously authored a number of important books and papers relating to Western Australia's history, considered an expansion of her own historical records:
In the early 1970s Erickson started working on establishing The Western Australian Biographical Index with the assistance of government funding. Requests seeking material were sent out through local libraries, historical groups and the local press in which members of the public were asked to provide genealogical information from the 19th century up to 1914 from their family records including arrivals in Western Australia, occupations, dates of birth, marriages and deaths of their ancestors. Historical material such as diaries, letters, business records, minute books, maps, family trees and photographs, were also sought for copying. Information relating to ordinary citizens, rather than just prominent identities was sought. Submissions for the index closed in December 1979. The highly successful project quickly accumulated vast quantities of primary source material.
Additional data was collected through passenger lists, church registers, almanacs and directories, the index to the WA Government Gazettes, and old newspapers. All the information was condensed and handwritten on individual cards and sorted alphabetically by surname and filed at the J S Battye Library on microfilm.
Originally, it was planned that the Western Australian Biographical Index would be copied and made available in a limited number of locations including the J S Battye Library and some major country towns. As the information and interest grew it was decided to produce it in published form.
"Dictionary of Western Australians".
Using the "Western Australian Biographical Index" its source, the Dictionary series was produced in five volumes, the first three of which were published in time for Western Australia's sesquicentennial year of European settlement in 1979. The fourth and fifth volumes were published in 1985 and 1987. 
The five volumes were entitled: 
Volume 1 was based largely on an extensive card index catalogue which had been collected over many years by Hazel Statham, and compiled by her daughter Pamela Statham. It covered the period of free settlement up to the start of the Convict era of Western Australia in 1850. Volumes two and three covered the arrivals of convicts and free settlers, both during the period of convict arrivals respectively.
"Bicentennial Dictionary of Western Australians".
The Bicentennial series was done in response to continuing public interest in supplying genealogical material to the original Dictionary project team which had accumulated significant additional data which needed to be added to the original series. Due to the quantity of the additional material it was decided to publish an entire new series rather than a supplement to the earlier series. The project received federal government funding as part of Australia's bicentennial celebrations in 1988.
The first part of the bicentennial series was published in five volumes as follows:
The second part of the series (volumes VI to X) dealt mainly with Aboriginal genealogical records although Volume IX studied the specific subject of convicts and their impact on Western Australian society after the end of convictism in 1868 in more detail.

</doc>
<doc id="5983605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983605" title="No sos vos, soy yo">
No sos vos, soy yo

No sos vos, soy yo (international, English title: "It's Not You, It's Me") is a 2004 Argentine film directed by Juan Taratuto, starring Diego Peretti, Soledad Villamil and Cecilia Dopazo.
Plot summary.
Thirty-year-old Javier (Diego Peretti) is a surgeon and in his free time works as a disc jockey. He decides to marry and move to the United States with his girlfriend María (Soledad Villamil). They make all their plans; they wed, and then María is the first to move and make contacts in their new home, while Javier packs up in Argentina and prepares to start his new life in the States. While he is on the way to the airport, he receives a call from María telling him that she is confused and has been seeing someone else.
With no home, job, or girlfriend, Javier moves in with his parents and starts seeing a therapist, which doesn't work. To avoid the loneliness he buys a Great Dane puppy and tries to meet new girls. When he gets tired of having the dog, he meets Julia (Cecilia Dopazo). He finds an apartment and gets a job in a plastic surgery clinic. However, María calls, telling him that she is coming back to Argentina. She needs him and wants to be sure that they will be back together and that Javier will forgive her. Now he needs to make a decision, Julia also waits for an answer, and Javier isn't the same person he was before all this happened.

</doc>
<doc id="5983623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983623" title="2006 PBA draft">
2006 PBA draft

The 2006 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) rookie draft was an event at which teams drafted players from the amateur ranks. The event was held at Market! Market! in Taguig City on August 20, 2006. The Sta. Lucia Realtors chose Kelly Williams of Oakland University and PBL-Magnolia as the first overall pick. Players applied for the draft underwent a weeklong rookie camp overseen by assistant coaches from five PBA teams.
Welcoat carry-over amateurs.
Welcoat carried over three amateurs from its Philippine Basketball League team. They are:
Undrafted players.
Draftee's name followed by college. All undrafted players become Rookie free agents.
Players scrapped from the list.
Fil-Ams Rob Reyes and Joe Devance were scrapped from the list of rookie hopefuls after failing to submit their requirements even after PBA Commissioner Noli Eala extended the deadline of submission to August 13, 2006. The previous deadline was set on July 31.
Also, Christpher Apaitan of Mindanao State University was struck off the list after not showing in the recently held rookie camp. De La Salle guard John Quioc withdrew from the draft.

</doc>
<doc id="5983624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983624" title="The Mystery of Holly Lane">
The Mystery of Holly Lane

The Mystery of Holly Lane is a 1953 mystery novel by English author, Enid Blyton and the eleventh book in Enid Blyton's Mystery Series featuring the Five Find-Outers.
Plot summary.
The Five Find Outers - Fatty, Larry, Daisy, Pip and Bets - are together again in the school holidays. Bored without a mystery, they decide to practice disguising themselves and shadowing people. Larry dresses up as a window cleaner, and unexpectedly the five children come across a robbery at a house in Holly Lane, the windows of which Larry has cleaned. The house belongs to a blind old man, who has apparently hidden his savings somewhere in the furniture. When the man reports the money stolen, the Find Outers initially believe it to be a simple robbery, but then in the middle of the night, all the old man's furniture is mysteriously spirited away as well. 
The suspects include Wilfrid, the old man's grandson, and his cousin Marian. When Marian herself disappears, suspicion falls firmly on her and bumbling village policeman Mr Goon is convinced she is the thief - but Fatty thinks differently.
Characters.
The Five Find-Outers and Dog:
Other characters:
Chapters.
The book contains 22 Chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="5983641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983641" title="A. J. Duhe">
A. J. Duhe

Adam Joseph Duhe (born November 27, 1955) is a former American football linebacker who played eight seasons for the Miami Dolphins from 1977 to 1984 in the National Football League.
Duhe played college football at Louisiana State University and was drafted in the first round of the 1977 NFL Draft and was the UPI AFL-AFC Rookie of the Year in his rookie year. He was a one time Pro Bowler in 1984. Duhe was often injured in his career and was released prior to the 1985 season.
Duhe is probably best remembered for his performance in the 1982 AFC Championship Game against the New York Jets at the Orange Bowl in Miami. The game was known as the Mud Bowl, with the field doused in water and mud after a heavy rainstorm. At halftime, the score was 0-0. In the second half, Duhe intercepted three of Jets quarterback Richard Todd's passes, including one he returned 35 yards for a touchdown in the fourth quarter, to help the Dolphins to a 14-0 victory which sent them to Super Bowl XVII.
Duhe made his acting debut in the episode "Walk-Alone" of the series Miami Vice. 
He also played the Cleveland linebacker in the 1988 movie "Everybody's All-American"

</doc>
<doc id="5983664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983664" title="Elu">
Elu

The Elu language (also Hela, Helu) is the ancestral form of the Sinhala language, a Middle Indo-Aryan Prakrit of the 3rd century BCE. R. C. Childers in the Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society states: is the name by which is known an ancient form of the Sinhala language from which the modern vernacular of Ceylon is immediately received, and to which the latter bears is of the same relation that the English of today bears to Anglo-Saxon...The name Elu is no other than Sinhala much succeeded, standing for an older form, Hĕla or Hĕlu, which occurs in some ancient works, and this again for a still older, Sĕla, which brings us back to the Pali Sîhala. 
The Pali scholar T. W. Rhys Davids refers to Elu as "the Prakrit of Ceylon".
The Hela Havula are a Sri Lankan literary organization that advocate the use of the Elu terms over the Sanskritic ones. Elu is often referred to by modern Sinhalese as "amisra Sinhala", meaning non mixed Sinhala.
A feature of Elu is its preference for short vowels, deasipiration and the obliteration of compound consonants found frequently in other Prakrits such as Sanskrit and Pali.
Elu in comparison with Pali and Sanskrit.
Being a Prakrit, Elu is closely related to other Prakrits such as Pali. Indeed, a very large proportion of Elu word-stems are identical in form to Pali. The connections were sufficiently well known that technical terms from Pali and Sanskrit were easily converted into Elu by a set of conventional phonological transformations. Because of the prevalence of these transformations, it is not always possible to tell whether a given Elu word is a part of the old Prakrit lexicon, or a transformed borrowing from Sanskrit.
Compound consonants.
At the beginning of a word only a single consonant can remain
In the middle of a word no group may exceed one consonant

</doc>
<doc id="5983668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983668" title="Mãe-de-santo">
Mãe-de-santo

A Mãe-de-santo () is a priestess of Umbanda, Candomblé and Quimbanda, the Afro-Brazilian religions. In Portuguese those words translate as "mother of saint[s", which is an improper translation from the Yoruba language word "iyalorishá", a title given to priest women in African religions. "Iyá" means mother, and the contraction "l'Orishá" means ""of Orishá"". As a product of the syncretism, the word Orishá (elevated or ancestral spirit) was improperly translated into Portuguese as saint. 
The priestesses "mães-de-santo" are more venerated in African-Brazilian religions than the male priests, the "pais-de-santo".
In the Afro-Brazilian religions the priests are the owners of the tradition, knowledge and culture and the ones responsible to pass it on to the new generations because there are no sacred written books.

</doc>
<doc id="5983675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983675" title="Mamaengaroa Kerr-Bell">
Mamaengaroa Kerr-Bell

Mamaengaroa Kerr-Bell (born 1978) is a New Zealand Māori actress.
Biography.
Her breakthrough role as Grace Heke in the Lee Tamahori film, "Once Were Warriors", based on the book of the same name by Alan Duff, was as a "sixteen-year-old newcomer Kerr-Bell was discovered by casting director Don Selwyn while accompanying a friend to the auditions for "Once Were Warriors". She had never acted before but when Selwyn asked her if she'd like to read, she accepted and instantly won over Rena Owen and Temuera Morrison, who play her character's parents. About her role she says, "Some things I had to pretend but other things I could relate to quite well. I know a lot of people whose father would beat them and their mother and I could relate to Grace helping her mother bring up the kids because I have a little brother and two baby sisters."
Director Tamahori says she "was just a natural. I was astounded by what she had behind her eyes and the sheer timeless beauty of her face. She looked both old and young and I had seen faces like that in a lot of research I'd done. She seemed to carry a lot of history with her and it was a haunting face".

</doc>
<doc id="5983677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983677" title="Wolfenstein 3D engine">
Wolfenstein 3D engine

The "Wolfenstein 3D" engine is the engine that powers "Wolfenstein 3D".
The biggest part of the engine is programmed by John Carmack. It is written in C and x86 assembly language. It features graphics (ray casting), sound (WAV and IMF), player physics and game control.
Features and limitations.
To render the walls in pseudo-3D, the game uses ray casting. This technique emits one ray for each column of pixels, checks if it intersects a wall, and draws textures on the screen accordingly, creating a one-dimensional depth buffer against which to clip the scaled sprites that represent enemies, powerups, and props.
Before "Wolfenstein 3D", the technology had already been used by id Software in 1991 to create "Hovertank 3D" and "Catacomb 3-D" for Softdisk. Other games using the "Wolfenstein 3D" game engine or derivatives of it were also produced, including ', ', "Operation Body Count", "Super 3D Noah's Ark", "Rise of the Triad", and "Hellraiser", an unreleased Color Dreams game planned for the PC and the Nintendo Entertainment System. The success of the engine also inspired numerous imitators such as "Ken's Labyrinth", "Nitemare 3D", "Isle of the Dead" and the "Pie in the Sky" engine.
According to id Software programmer John Carmack, the game's engine was inspired by a technology demo of Looking Glass Studios'/Origin's first-person role-playing video game, "" from 1991. Carmack claimed he could make a faster renderer. In this he was successful. The Wolfenstein engine lacks many features present in the Underworld engine, such as ceiling or floor height changes, sloped floors, curved walls, and lighting, but it ran well on relatively weak hardware.
The secret behind engine's performance is vertical scanline scaling algorithm. Unlike later engines and hardware rasterizers, the texture coordinate for the pixel is not calculated at runtime. Instead, a fixed set of several hundred rendering functions is generated during game startup (or viewport size change) where all memory offsets are fixed. To keep the number of these procedures small, height is quantized, which can be easily seen when player is close to the wall, but not looking at it at a right angle.
Features include:
Limitations of the engine include:
"Holo-walls" are walls created by mapmakers using a glitch in the PC version's engine. They are walls that the player can walk through, and are used in some total conversions to simulate windows that players can climb through, and hedges that players can walk through. One way of creating holo-walls is to place a dead guard in a wall.
Games Using the Wolfenstein 3D Engine.
The follow games are built on the Wolfenstein 3D engine.
"Rise of the Triad" features a heavily modified version of the engine which utilizes some early code from the Doom engine.
Predecessors.
A few 3D games used the technology developed by John D. Carmack before "Wolfenstein 3D", all of which were published by Softdisk under the terms of id's then contractual obligations; the "Catacomb 3D" sequels were not made by id however. The "Wolfenstein 3D" engine is a direct continuation of the engine used for these games, though much of the code was optimized and cleaned up from these early bases, as well as the additions of features such as EGA graphics (as opposed to VGA) and digitized sound support (as opposed to PC speaker or AdLib Music Synthesizer Card); texture mapping was also not present in "Hovertank 3D", and so all walls were solid colour. The source code to "Hovertank" and "Catacomb 3D" were released in June 2014 by Flat Rock Software under the GNU General Public License in a manner similar those done by id and partners.

</doc>
<doc id="5983698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983698" title="M15 mine">
M15 mine

The M15 mine is a large circular U.S. anti-tank blast mine, first deployed during the Korean War. Essentially, it is a larger version of the M6A2 anti-tank mine, which it replaced. Although the M15 has been superseded by the M19 mine (a plastic-cased minimum metal mine of more modern design), the U.S. retains large stocks of M15s because they are still regarded as reliable and effective weapons.
Description.
The mine consists of a large, circular rounded steel case, with a central pressure plate. In the center of the pressure plate is the M4 arming plug, which has an arming lever which be can be set to "ARMED" or "SAFE". The pressure plate sits on top of a belleville spring, which in turn rests directly over the M603 fuze. When sufficient downward pressure is applied to the pressure plate (i.e. when a vehicle drives over it) the concertina spring is compressed. This action transfers pressure onto the M603 fuze which fires, triggering detonation. Because this mine has a metallic case, it is very easy to find it using even the most basic mine detector. However, a complicating factor is posed by the two secondary fuze wells. These enable anti-handling devices to be fitted: one on the side of the mine and one underneath. Additionally, a minefield containing M15 mines may also contain minimum metal antipersonnel mines of various different types (e.g. the VS-MK2, SB-33, TS-50, PMA-2 or PMA-3) which are specifically designed to be difficult to find using metal mine detectors.
Fuzes.
The M15 mine was originally intended to be fitted with the M600 single-impulse fuze, which contained a glass ampoule of liquid explosive. Unfortunately, the M600 fuze was sensitive to temperature variations and therefore unreliable. For example, freezing temperatures made the mine inert as the liquid froze, whereas temperatures above 50 degrees Celsius could cause the fuze to detonate spontaneously. Just as problematic was the fact that M600 fuzes were inherently unstable, making them dangerous to handle, particularly after having been kept in storage for some time.
Because of these shortcomings, the M600 chemical fuze was removed from service around 1953 and replaced by the M603 single-impulse fuze, which used a mechanical trigger mechanism i.e. a belleville spring. The M603 fuze was inherently safe to handle and much more reliable. In addition to the standard M603 fuze, two additional fuzes are available: the M624 tilt-rod fuze (which offers full-width attack capability) and the M608 double-impulse fuze. The M624 fuze requires 3.75 pounds of pressure to move the tilt rod, and once it exceeds 20 degrees of tilt the mine will detonate. The M608 double-impulse fuze will not detonate the mine when the first tank drives over it: instead, it simply arms itself so that the mine detonates when the second vehicle (e.g. an APC or perhaps a truck towing a howitzer) following in the tracks of the first tank drives over it – an event which might occur seconds, hours or even weeks later. The M608 double-impulse fuze is particularly useful when fitted to mines located on the outer edges of minefields, because this gives tanks a false sense of security. The lead tank, for instance, can drive over 30 mines fitted with double-impulse fuzes without detonating any of them. This lures tanks deep into the minefield, where they eventually trigger mines fitted with the M603 or M624 fuze (both of which operate exclusively in single-impulse mode) and become trapped. Attempts to recover the tanks or rescue victims are hindered by the fact that the M608-fitted mines previously driven over are now operating in single-impulse mode, and also because minefields containing M15 mines usually contain various antipersonnel mines as well, for instance the M14 mine and M16 bounding mine. An additional benefit of double-impulse fuzes is that they give mines a degree of protection against clearance techniques which use blast overpressure or mine roller systems.
Users.
The U.S.A. holds a large inventory of this mine. In 1984 it had approximately 1,904,000 M15 mines in storage, of which around 70% were serviceable.

</doc>
<doc id="5983710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983710" title="Yaquina Bay Light">
Yaquina Bay Light

The Yaquina Bay Light is a lighthouse built in 1871—soon after the founding of the city of Newport, Oregon, United States. It is located on the north side of Yaquina Bay, the most populated port between Puget Sound and San Francisco at the time.
History.
The Yaquina Bay Light was built by Ben Simpson and first lit on November 3, 1871. It was active for only three years due to the establishment of the Yaquina Head Light in 1873, located three miles north of Yaquina Bay. The bay lighthouse was decommissioned on October 1, 1874 because the Yaquina Head Light made it obsolete. The fifth order Fresnel lens was moved to the Yerba Buena Light for its opening in 1875.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers used the lighthouse from 1888 to 1896 as a living quarters while it built the North and South Jetties at the mouth of Yaquina Bay. The United States Coast Guard later used the lighthouse as lookout and living quarters from 1906 to 1915, before moving to their more central quarters just above the busy Newport bayfront. During this period, the Coast Guard also built the eight-story steel observation tower that continues to stand next to the original lighthouse.
In 1934, the Oregon State Highway Division bought the property around the lighthouse for a state park. The park site included the lighthouse, coast guard observation tower, and acres of forested bluff, ocean dunes and beaches.
In 1946, the lighthouse was scheduled for demolition which led to the Lincoln County Historical Society being formed to save the lighthouse. They raised money for three years, but were unable to save it. By 1951, demolition was again scheduled. Recently moved from Ohio, L. E. Warford arranged for it to be recognized as a historical site supervised by the historical society. It served as a county museum for eighteen years.
It was listed by the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and restored under the Historic Preservation Act in 1974 at which time ownership was transferred to the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
On December 7, 1996, the light was re-lit, using a modern optic on loan from lighthouse historian James A. Gibbs. The light is an official U.S. Coast Guard aid which is privately maintained. It displays a fixed white light visible for six miles. It is open for public viewing.
The Yaquina Bay structure is the only existing lighthouse in the state in which the living quarters are housed in the same building as the light. Only a few of this type were built on the entire Pacific coast.
The building is reputed to be haunted.

</doc>
<doc id="5983723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983723" title="(Tell Me) She Means Nothing To You At All">
(Tell Me) She Means Nothing To You At All

"(Tell Me) She Means Nothing to You At All" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. It was one of three songs Jackson recorded with British hitmaking producers Stock Aitken & Waterman. The song was co-written by Jackson and Stock Aitken & Waterman. 
"Tell Me" was originally released as the b-side to her single "(Ain't Nobody Loves You) Like I Do". It was later released as a standalone single in France in early 1988, where it failed to chart. Both songs were later included on her fifth album, "La Toya", released several months afterwards, in October 1988. "The Miami News" described the song as being a "pop gem" that displays "Jackson at her best." 
The song's title has a typographical error. It was issued with the title "(Tell Me) He Means Nothing to You At All", but Jackson is clearly singing "SHE" on the song. This error was never corrected neither on the single, nor the "(Ain't Nobody Loves You) Like I Do" single, nor the "La Toya" album.
An unreleased extended version, clocking in at 5:00 minutes, has been confirmed to exist on the vaults of PWL Records. This Version was included with the re-release of the album "La Toya" as an expanded 2-CD set in 2013. Also the typographical error was here corrected for the first time. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983733" title="Charles Hawker">
Charles Hawker

Charles Allan Seymour Hawker (16 May 1894 – 25 October 1938) was an Australian politician.
Hawker was born at Bungaree homestead, near Clare, South Australia. He was the second son of Michael Seymour Hawker, manager of the Hawker family stations, and his wife Elizabeth Begg, née McFarlane, and grandson of George Charles Hawker and nephew of Bertram Robert Hawker. Hawker was educated at Geelong Grammar School, Hawker and Trinity College, Cambridge, earning Bachelor and Master of Arts degrees in 1919 and 1922 respectively. While at Cambridge he enlisted in the British Army to serve in World War I. Hawker was commissioned as a temporary lieutenant in the 6th (Service) Battalion, Somerset Light Infantry (Prince Albert's). He saw action on the Western Front in Ypres. Fighting in the Battle of Passchendaele, Hawker was injured, including the loss of an eye. 
Despite his injuries, Hawker returned to the front with the rank of Captain in May 1917. Hawker was severely wounded again on 4 October 1917, at Broodseinde, Belgium during the 3rd battle of Ypres. He was paralysed from the waist down. However, after a series of operations and rehabilitation, he was able to walk with two sticks, although his legs remained in surgical irons thereafter.
Hawker returned to South Australia in 1920, resumed his studies and became involved in family agricultural holdings. He became increasingly interested in trade as well as in political movements. Hawker joined the State council of the Returned Sailors' and Soldiers' Imperial League of Australia in 1921 and served as vice-president. In 1927 he joined the Liberal Federation of South Australia and became the South Australian member of the Commonwealth Board of Trade in 1928.
Political career.
In 1929 was elected as a member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the electorate of Wakefield for the United Australia Party. He was appointed Minister for Markets and Minister for Repatriation in first ministry of Prime Minister Joseph Lyons and was the youngest member of the ministry. On 12 April 1932 he was replaced as Minister for Repatriation by Charles Marr and the Markets portfolio was renamed Commerce. On 23 September 1932, he resigned from the ministry in protest at its refusal to reduce parliamentary salaries in response to the Great Depression, having crossed the floor to vote as a minority in a controversial day in Parliament, and did not serve as a minister again, although he continued to represent the people of Wakefield as their elected representative.
Hawker travelled extensively, researching issues of trade and farming, and he published his research in pamphlets and treatises and gave lectures on issues of agriculture and pastoral work.
Hawker died in a plane crash near Mount Dandenong, Victoria in 1938. The Australian Electoral Division of Hawker and the Canberra suburb of Hawker, Australian Capital Territory are named in his honour, and the Charles Allan Seymour Hawker Scholarship was established by his sister Kathleen Lilias Needham in 1991 to fund Australian university education. His relative David Hawker is a former Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="5983758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983758" title="The Ancient Engineers">
The Ancient Engineers

The Ancient Engineers is a 1963 science book by L. Sprague de Camp, one of his most popular works. It was first published by Doubleday and has been reprinted numerous times by other publishers. Translations into German and Polish have also appeared. Portions of the work had previously appeared as articles in the magazines "Fate", "Isis" and "Science Digest".
The work is an examination of engineering through the ages from 3000 BC to 1519 AD, from the monumental works of the Egyptians through the speculative inventions of Leonardo da Vinci. The technological legacies of Mesopotamia, Egypt, Greece, Rome, China, the medieval Arabs and Europeans, and Renaissance Europe, are all covered in separate sections, focusing particularly on architectural, military and Civil engineering.
The following excerpt from Asimov's review is often quoted in reference to this book: "Mr. de Camp has the trick of being able to show technology engaging in feats as full of derring-do as those of Hannibal's army. History as it should be told. -- Isaac Asimov, New York Times Book Review, 1963"

</doc>
<doc id="5983776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983776" title="Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome">
Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome

Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome, also known as the Chen-Kung Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome, is a rare congenital malformation syndrome where infants are born with a cleft palate, micrognathia, Wormian bones, congenital heart disease, dislocated hips, bowed fibulae, preaxial polydactyly of the feet, abnormal skin patterns, and most prominently, missing tibia. The etiology is unknown. Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister syndrome is named after Chen-Kung Ho, R.L. Kaufman, and W.H. Mcalister who first described the syndrome in 1975 at Washington University in St. Louis. It is considered a rare disease by the Office of Rare Diseases (ORD) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
References.
Ho–Kaufman–Mcalister Syndrome Summary at PubMed
Ho CK, Kaufman RL, Mcalister WH (1975). "Congenital Malformations: Cleft Palate, Congenital Heart Disease, Absent Tibiae, and Polydactyly." "American Journal of Diseases of Children" 1975 Jun. 129(6):714–6.

</doc>
<doc id="5983792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983792" title="Sara Groen">
Sara Groen

Sara Groen (born 6 March 1981 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian actress and television presenter.
Career.
Whilst studying at Bond University in Queensland, she appeared in an episode of "The Lost World" in 2001, followed by an episode in "Farscape" a year later. In that same year, 2002, she got a part as co-presenter on the weekend children's program, "Saturday Disney". In 2004, she played a major part in an Australian short-film "The Scree", co-starring with Paul McDermott.
Sara joined the "Beyond Tomorrow" team in 2006. From 2007 to 2009, Sara was the weather presenter for "Seven News" in Sydney, replacing Nuala Hafner who left in late 2006. From October 2007 she began filling in on "Seven Late News."
In October 2009, Sara filled in for Matt White on "Today Tonight".
Groen has also appeared as a spokesperson in a TV commercial for Headspace, a youth mental health service.
Sara was also a contestant in Series 3 of "It Takes Two". She was voted off at the end of week 6.
In October 2010, Groen announced that she will be leaving the Seven Network to move to Melbourne, she finished in November and was replaced by Sarah Cumming.
In April 2011, Sara joined "Seven News Melbourne" as a fill in weather presenter if David Brown is away.
Personal life.
Groen grew up on the Gold Coast, Queensland where she developed a passion for sports of all kinds including soccer, touch football and swimming. She attended Somerset College and graduated in 1998. She got her first role in an 1999 episode of "BeastMaster" alongside future "Lost" star Emilie de Ravin and "Hotel Babylon" star Natalie Jackson Mendoza.
In May 2011, Groen announced that she is three months pregnant with her first child.
In October 2011, Groen and husband Clark Kirby welcomed their first child Estelle Kathryn Kirby.

</doc>
<doc id="5983793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983793" title="Pai-de-santo">
Pai-de-santo

A pai-de-santo () is a male priest of Umbanda, Candomblé and Quimbanda, the Afro-Brazilian religions. In Portuguese those words translate as "father of saint[s", which is an improper translation from the Yoruba language word "babalorishá", a title given to the African religion's priests. "Babá" means father, and the contraction "l'Orishá" means ""of Orishá"". As a product of the syncretism, the word Orishá (elevated or ancestral spirit) was improperly translated into Portuguese as saint. 
In the Afro-Brazilian religions the priests are the owners of the tradition, knowledge and culture and the ones responsible to pass it on to the new generations because there are no sacred written books.

</doc>
<doc id="5983799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983799" title="Hygrophoraceae">
Hygrophoraceae

The Hygrophoraceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricales. Originally conceived as containing white-spored, thick-gilled agarics (gilled mushrooms), including "Hygrophorus" and "Hygrocybe" species (the waxcaps or waxy caps), DNA evidence has extended the limits of the family, so it now contains not only agarics, but also basidiolichens and corticioid fungi. Species are thus diverse and are variously ectomycorrhizal, lichenized, associated with mosses, or saprotrophic. The family contains 25 genera and over 600 species. None is of any great economic importance, though fruit bodies of some "Hygrocybe" and "Hygrophorus" species are considered edible and may be collected for sale in local markets.
Taxonomy.
History.
The family Hygrophoraceae was first proposed by Dutch botanist Johannes Paulus Lotsy (1907) to accommodate agarics with thick, waxy lamellae (gills) and white spores. Lotsy's concept of the family included not only the waxcap-related genera "Hygrophorus", "Hygrocybe", "Camarophyllus" (= "Hygrophorus"), and "Godfrinia" (= "Hygrocybe"), but also "Gomphidius" (despite its blackish spores) and "Nyctalis" (= "Asterophora"). Not all subsequent authors accepted the Hygrophoraceae; Carleton Rea (1922), for example, continued to place these genera within a widely defined Agaricaceae.
In his major and influential revision of the Agaricales, however, Rolf Singer (1951) did accept the Hygrophoraceae, omitting "Gomphidius" and "Nyctalis", but including "Neohygrophorus". Singer's circumscription, with a few later additions, was followed by most authors until the 1990s. Thus the 1995 edition of the "Dictionary of the Fungi" listed "Austroomphaliaster", "Bertrandia", "Camarophyllopsis", "Cuphophyllus", "Humidicutis", "Hygroaster", "Hygrocybe", "Hygrophorus", "Hygrotrama" (= "Camarophyllopsis"), "Neohygrophorus", and "Pseudohygrocybe" as genera of the Hygrophoraceae. Cornelis Bas (1990), however, did not consider the group distinct, placing the hygrophoroid genera within the Tricholomataceae, a disposition followed by the next (2001) edition of the "Dictionary of the Fungi". In contrast, Marcel Bon (1990) believed the Hygrophoraceae were so distinct, he placed the family in its own separate order, the Hygrophorales.
Current status.
Recent molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, suggests the Hygrophoraceae are distinct from the Tricholomataceae and are monophyletic (and hence a natural grouping). The genera "Camarophyllopsis" and "Neohygrophorus", however, do not belong within the family, but several other agaric and non-agaric genera do. The agaric genera include "Ampulloclitocybe", "Cantharellula", and "Lichenomphalia", as well as the partly agaric, partly cyphelloid genus "Arrhenia". The non-agaric genera include the corticioid "Eonema" (formerly placed in "Athelia") and "Cyphellostereum", as well as the shelf-like basidiolichen genus "Dictyonema". As a result, the Hygrophoraceae as currently understood have no known morphological features in common that define them (synapomorphy).
Habitat, nutrition, and distribution.
The majority of species in the Hygrophoraceae are ground-dwelling, though a few (such as "Chrysomphalina" species) occur on wood, or on mosses ("Arrhenia" species), or herbaceous stems ("Eonema pyriforme"). Most are found in woodland, though (in Europe at least) "Hygrocybe" species are typical of waxcap grasslands.
Species are nutritionally diverse. "Hygrophorus" species are ectomycorrhizal, typically forming associations with the roots of living trees. "Hygrocybe" species are now believed to be moss associates, as are some or all species of "Arrhenia" and "Cantharellula". Three genera, "Acantholichen", "Dictyonema", and "Lichenomphalina", are basidiolichens, forming associations with algae and cyanobacteria. A few genera, such as "Ampulloclitocybe" and "Eonema", may be saprotrophic.
Members of the Hygrophoraceae are distributed worldwide, from the tropics to the subpolar regions. Over 400 species have been described to date.
Economic usage.
Fruit bodies of some "Hygrophorus" and "Hygrocybe" species are edible and widely collected, sometimes being offered for sale in local markets. Examples of wild mushrooms collected and sold include "Hygrophorus russula", "H. purpurascens", "H. chrysodon", and "H. hypothejus" in Mexico, and "H. eburneus" and "H. latitabundus" in the Spanish Pyrenees. "Hygrophorus gliocyclus" was used as food by the St'at'imc and Nlaka'pamux people of Canada. None is cultivated commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="5983819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983819" title="UL Bohemians R.F.C.">
UL Bohemians R.F.C.

UL Bohemian RFC is an All-Ireland League Division 1A rugby club based in Limerick. It is affiliated with the University of Limerick. The symbol of the club is the Red Robin. They play some of their matches at Annacotty and the University's Sports Arena, in addition to Thomond Park.
History.
The Bohemian RFC was originally founded in 1922 and amalgamated with the University of Limerick in 1999, although the University now has its own separate teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5983825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983825" title="Mario Fatafehi">
Mario Fatafehi

Mario Fatafehi (born January 27, 1979) is a former American football defensive tackle. He played most recently for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. He also played NFL football for the Arizona Cardinals, the Carolina Panthers and the Denver Broncos. He no longer plays professional football.
Fatafehi played college football at Kansas State University. Fatafehi started 24 consecutive games at defensive tackle for Kansas State University and registered 128 tackles and 12 sacks after transferring from Snow College; he posted 80 tackles and 8.5 sacks as a senior at Kansas State to earn first-team All-Big 12 Conference honors; as a junior, he picked up Big 12 Defensive Newcomer-of-the-Year honours as well as second-team all-conference accolades. Fatafehi was a first-team junior college All-American at Snow College, where he was the team's defensive captain and most valuable player as a two-year starter.
Prior to attending Kansas State he played at Snow College and graduated from Farrington High School in Honolulu. His older brother Toni attended Foothill College and later the University of Utah.http://www.utahcountyonline.org/Dept/Sheriff/Corrections/InmateDetail.asp?id=301695

</doc>
<doc id="5983832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983832" title="Iris giganticaerulea">
Iris giganticaerulea

Iris giganticaerulea (giant blue iris or giant blue flag) is a species of iris native to Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi in the United States.
The plant has 4-6 basal leaves which are 100-130 cm long and 2-3 cm wide. The flowers are typically blue to purple-blue and appear in spring. Lavender and white colour forms are also observed in the wild.
It was declared as the official state wildflower of Louisiana in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5983835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983835" title="Abreu e Lima, Pernambuco">
Abreu e Lima, Pernambuco

Abreu e Lima is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco. It is located in the Metropolitan Region of Recife, also known as Greater Recife.
The city was named in honor of José Inácio de Abreu e Lima, also known as "Inácio Pernambucano". Born in Portugal, he participated in battles in Pernambuco and fought alongside Simón Bolivar in the wars of independence of Venezuela and Colombia.
Folklore is among Abreu e Lima's main attractions. Visitors can enjoy the drums and energetic rhythm of Maracatu dance performance, as well as Ciranda dance groups such as the one led by Dona Odete do Coco. The city's main festivity is the Emancipation Festival, every May 14. Also, over 70 percent of its territory is covered by virgin Atlantic Forest and environmental reserves, such as those of São Bento and Caetés.
On March 31, 1983, the city held the first public event of Diretas Já, a popular movement against the military dictatorship.
Economy.
The main economic activities in Abreu e Lima are based in commerce, general industry especially chemical and metallurgic. Also the primary sector plays an important role.
Economic Indicators.
Economy by Sector
2006

</doc>
<doc id="5983838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983838" title="Istana Maziah">
Istana Maziah

Istana Maziah is the official palace of the Sultan of Terengganu. It is located at the foot of Bukit Puteri in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia. The palace is the official venue for important functions such as royal birthdays, weddings, conferment of titles and receptions for local and foreign dignitaries.
History.
Istana Maziah was built to replace Istana Hijau (Green Palace) which was destroyed in a fire. Istana Hijau had been constructed during the reign of Sultan Omar (Baginda Omar) on 10 March 1870 (7 Zulhijjah 1286). 
There are differing accounts about the exact date construction started on Istana Maziah. According to one record by Engku Pengiran Anum, the foundation stone of Istana Maziah was laid on Friday, May 31, 1895 (7 Zulhijjah 1312) at 10am during the reign of Sultan Zainal Abidin III (1881-1918). While according to the records by Dato Seri Amar Diraja Haji Ngah Muhammad bin Yusof, the palace was built in 1897.
The architect of Istana Maziah is Tengku Chik Abu Bakar bin Tengku Abdul Jalil. He is a relative of Sultan Zainal Abidin III. Others also contributed towards the completion of the blue print and furnishing of Istana Maziah, including Engku Besar Paduka Raja Sayyid Abdullah bin Zin Al-Idrus, Muhammad bin Abdul Rahim (Encik Mat) and Dato’ Mata-Mata.
Wood supply to build the Istana came from the region of Dungun and this responsibility of obtaining it was entrusted to Tengku Panglima Besar Tengku Muda Kechik. While bricks and chalk were handled by Tengku Besar Paduka Indera.
Because of the constant lack of funds, the palace construction was delayed many times but was finally completed and the "upacara naik istana" ceremony marking the sultan moving into the new palace was held on August 7, 1903 (14 Jamadil Awal 1312).
Several refurbishments were carried throughout the reign of Sultan Sulaiman Badrul Alam Shah (1920 -1942) and Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah (1945- 1979). Further additions were carried out to the Istana buildings in 1972 and 1998.
Architecture.
The palace stands at a height of 2 storeys and is noticeably coffee brown in colour. It is a blend of modern and traditional architecture with its tall shuttered windows that resembles a French chateau. About 20 Malay and Chinese workers who were skilled in art, wood craft and carpentry were involved in the building of Istana Maziah. Its early foundations were built from a mixture of chalk, clay, sand salts, egg white, lime and honey.
Dataran Maziah.
Dataran Maziah, which is located in front of Istana Maziah, is a mini-park beautifully adorned with landscapes of shrubs, trees and paved walkways. In the centre of the park, stands an impressive replica of betel chewing instruments such as "Gobek Sireh" and "Kacip Pinang", also known as "Tepak Sirih". The "Tepak Sirih" symbolises the culture and traditions of Terengganu.

</doc>
<doc id="5983844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983844" title="Italian musical terms">
Italian musical terms

Italian musical terms may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983851" title="Ellen Melville">
Ellen Melville

Eliza Ellen Melville (13 May 1882 – 27 July 1946) was a New Zealand feminist and politician.
Melville was born in Tokatoka, on the Wairoa River south of Dargaville. Her father was a farmer and boatbuilder, while her mother was a former teacher. After receiving a basic education from her mother and in Tokatoka, she won a scholarship to study at what is now Auckland Girls' Grammar School (then part of Auckland Grammar School). She began to study to become a lawyer, then an unusual choice for women — when she was admitted to the bar in 1906, she was only the second woman in New Zealand to reach this stage (the first being Ethel Benjamin). Melville established her own legal practice.
Melville was highly active in promoting women's causes, and in encouraging full participation by women in public life. Much of her activity centred around women's associations and committees, and she held a number of senior positions in such organisations. She was a strong advocate of women seeking political office, and in 1913, she became the first woman to be elected to a municipal authority in New Zealand, gaining a seat on the Auckland City Council. Politically, Melville tended to be conservative in issues not relating to women's rights.
Melville was active in the campaign which led to the Women's Parliamentary Rights Act, allowing women to stand for Parliament (women had already been able to vote for some time). In the 1919 general election, Melville was a candidate for the Reform Party in the electorate of Grey Lynn, where she placed second. In the 1922 general election, however, she was not selected as a candidate, allegedly being blocked by political organiser Albert Davy. Melville believed that she had been blocked due to the Reform Party not wanting a woman as a candidate, and she stood as an independent candidate in Roskill. In a 1926 by-election, she stood as an independent in Eden, splitting the Reform Party's vote and helping Rex Mason, the Labour Party candidate, to win the seat. She subsequently stood in the 1928 general election, the 1931 general election, a 1941 by-election, and the 1943 election, generally performing well but never winning. She was one of six candidates who stood for selection for the electorate by the National Party for the , but Harry Merritt was chosen instead.
Melville died on 27 July 1946 in Remuera. She never married, and had no children. Melville Park is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="5983859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983859" title="Jean-Baptiste Andrea">
Jean-Baptiste Andrea

Jean-Baptiste Andrea grew up in Cannes, France. He started making short films, and later moved to Paris. He graduated from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and the ESCP, but funded most of his projects by translating books. In Paris, he met Fabrice Canepa, and the two of them began writing films together. Together, they wrote and directed "Dead End". 

</doc>
<doc id="5983869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983869" title="The Most">
The Most

The Most may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983874" title="John Furphy">
John Furphy

John Furphy (17 June 1842 – 23 September 1920) was a blacksmith, best known for his Furphy Water Carts that were an important part of Australia's history. The Furphy Water Carts appeared throughout the country and were used by the army in World War I, e.g. at Gallipoli. The Australian slang term "furphy" for an unbelievable story or rumour is believed to derive from the use of the water carts as a gathering place for soldiers to swap gossip.
John's brother Joseph is also well known as one of Australia's pioneer novelists.

</doc>
<doc id="5983879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983879" title="Pier Giacomo Pisoni">
Pier Giacomo Pisoni

Pier Giacomo Pisoni (July 8, 1928 – February 8, 1991) was an Italian historian, paleographer and archivist. 
Born in Germignaga near Luino, Italy, he specially devoted his work to Middle Ages and modern local history of Lago Maggiore. He rediscovered and published the 14th century comment, which was given up for lost, on Dante's "Inferno" from the "Divina Commedia", written by Guglielmo Maramauro, Petrarca's friend ("Expositione sopra l'Inferno di Dante Alligieri"). Archivist of the Princes Borromeo, he transcribed and published several local epigraphs, documents, manuscripts, communal statutes, letters, ancient account books (as the "Liber tabuli Vitaliani Bonromei"). He collected ancient popular tales, he published articles and books about Lombard history, monographies on artistic monuments or historical families, like the thrilling and curious story of brothers Mazzardi ("I fratelli della Malpaga"), five pirates who in early 15th century settled in the castles of Cannero and terrorized the whole Lago Maggiore. 

</doc>
<doc id="5983888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983888" title="Nokia Lifeblog">
Nokia Lifeblog

Nokia Lifeblog was a multimedia diary and website administration tool that automatically collects all the photos, videos, and sound clips that the user creates on the mobile phone, text messages and MMS messages that were sent and received. It also allows the user to create text and audio notes. It organizes all the contents in a Timeline and renders the diary searchable via its contents and via automatically and manually created metadata, including time, location, tags, descriptions, filenames, sender and recipient information.
Lifeblog comprises a Microsoft Windows PC program and an S60 mobile phone application which synchronize with each other. The PC application also allows the import of photos and other compatible items from devices other than mobile phones.
The PC version of Lifeblog can run independently of the phone version and was available from Nokia's Lifeblog page (now discontinued).
Both from the mobile phone Lifeblog application and from the PC Lifeblog application, users can post their data to Atom-enabled blogs such as LifeLogger, TypePad, LiveJournal, Jutut, LifeType, MediaBlog, and SaunaBlog. Photos can also be sent to a Flickr account.
Phones supported include:
Blog settings.
To post items to a blog from Lifeblog, you need to know the Atom server address. Here are some examples. These can also be used in Nokia Photos (for PC) and in Share Online (for S60 phones).

</doc>
<doc id="5983889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983889" title="Nokia N79">
Nokia N79

Nokia N79 is a smartphone and a member of the Nokia Nseries multimedia smartphone family running on Symbian OS V.9.3 FP2. It was officially announced by Nokia on 26 August 2008. On 14 January of 2009 Nokia announced it would ship a sports edition, dubbed the N79 Active, that included a Bluetooth heart rate monitor, an armband and a new version of the Nokia Sports Tracker application.
Features.
Photos:
Music:
Maps and Navigation:
Video:

</doc>
<doc id="5983893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983893" title="Joseph William Guyton">
Joseph William Guyton

Joseph William Guyton (June 10, 1889 – May 24, 1918) was the first American soldier killed on German-held soil during World War I. Private Guyton was from the small town of Evart, Michigan.
Life.
Guyton was born in Evart Township, Michigan. He attended a rural school in the area for only a short time before leaving to work in the oil fields of Ohio. He also worked as a farmer, plumber and well driller. In December 1909, Joseph Guyton married Winona Baker from Lake City, Michigan. Their only child, Olive Clara Guyton, was born in 1911.
In 1917, after the U.S. entered World War I, Guyton joined the 126th Infantry Regiment and was attached to the 32nd Infantry Division (the "Red Arrow Division") at Camp MacArthur near Waco, Texas. On February 17, 1918, Private Guyton sailed with his comrades out of New York harbor bound for France. On May 15, 1918, the status of his unit was changed from replacement division to combat.
Death.
At around midnight on May 24, Guyton became the first casualty. He was an automatic gunner on a post near the line of resistance. His instructions were to fire his gun intermittently. He was discharging his duties when the Germans returned a barrage of machine gun fire; Guyton was struck in the temple and died instantly. The Commanding General of the 9th French Infantry Division, to which the 126th was attached, issued the following orders on the 25 May:
Divisional Order No. 297
General Gamelin, commanding the 9th Infantry Division, cites in the Divisional Order:
The soldier, Joseph W. Guyton, of the 126th American Infantry Regiment, 'on guard in the first line was killed by a machine gun bullet. He is the first soldier of the 32nd American Division to fall fighting for the cause of right and liberty on Alsacian soil, beside his French comrades.'
General Pershing lists Guyton as killed in action on May 24, 1918, in the Gildwilder Sector in Alsace the day after the unit entered the line of battle. Guyton was temporarily buried in a nearby church yard on foreign soil. He was posthumously awarded the croix de guerre (the grand cross of honor) by the government of France.
In memory.
In May 1921, President Warren G. Harding placed a presidential wreath on the flag-draped coffin of Private Guyton at a funeral ceremony for over 5,000 American war-dead at the army piers, Hoboken, New Jersey. He spoke these words: "In the name of the republic, I bestow this tribute on the casket of the first soldier who perished on the soil of the enemy... I chose it because I am offering the tribute to the one returned whose death on enemy soil marked the day when our civilization went face forward and the assault on our present day civilization knew it had failed. May 24, 1918, is the date on which this soldier was killed, and the name is that of Joseph W. Guyton, Company I of the 126th Infantry, a resident patriot and hero of the State of Michigan of the United States of America."
Guyton's remains were returned from New Jersey to Evart by rail and were met at the depot by his parents, relatives, friends, citizens of the town, and members of the Joseph W. Guyton Post of the American Legion named in his honor.
June 5, 1921, 10,000 people gathered in Evart to pay tribute to the hero. On hand were dignitaries of the military, state government, local government, and a number of Civil War veterans. The local Evart newspaper reported that over 1,000 automobiles and 500 soldiers were present in the small community that day. Guyton's remains were buried at Forest Hill cemetery outside the town.
The following week, Guyton's ten-year old daughter, Olive, presented the American flag that had draped Guyton's casket, to the local American Legion Post. Olive made the presentation with the assistance of her uncle, L.V. Guyton of Lancaster, Ohio, as her mother had died from influenza just months after her husband had been killed. Olive died just one year later from pneumonia.
Within the city of Evart today are a park and highway bridge both dedicated to the memory of Joseph W. Guyton. In Guyton Park stands a cannon dating back to World War I and a monument to the memory of all who lost their lives from Evart during World War I, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Memorial Day ceremonies begin at the Guyton Park and conclude at Forest Hill Cemetery.
An elementary school on the East Side of Detroit, Michigan was built and named in honor of Joseph Guyton. It opened in 1921 and was closed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5983897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983897" title="Ancient Ruins and Archaeology">
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology

Ancient Ruins and Archaeology is a 1964 science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, one of their most popular works. It was first published by Doubleday and has been reprinted numerous times by other publishers. Paperback editions since 1972 have generally reverted to the title Citadels of Mystery, which was the de Camps' original working title. Translations into French, German and Portuguese have also appeared. Portions of the work had previously appeared as articles in the magazines "Astounding Science Fiction", "Fate", "Frontiers", "Natural History Magazine", "Other Worlds Science Stories", "Science Fiction Quarterly", and "Travel".
The work is a guide to a dozen of the more famous ruins from civilizations of ancient times throughout the world, the speculations surrounding their fates, and modern fantasy literature inspired by them. The surveyed sites include Tartessos, the Pyramids of Giza, Stonehenge, Troy, Ma'rib, Zimbabwe, Tintagel, Angkor, the Mayan city of Tikal, the Inca city of Machu Picchu, Nan Matol, and the Moai of Rapa Nui.
Reception.
Francis D. Lazenby, in the "Library Journal", called the book a "highly literate volume" whose "fascinating" accounts "are not simply another retelling: unusual material is added, and in very readable prose, with witty and humorous comments throughout. ... The maps are most helpful; the bibliography is comprehensive; and the notes--"mirabile dictu!"--are meaningful (not always so in books of this nature). "Ancient Ruins and Archaeology" should appeal to a wide clientele, for it is popularization at its best. Recommended for any library.
Edward B. Garside in the "New York Times" calls the book "delightful reading," "a fine popularization, written with great verve, yet based on solid fact." He finds it "quite different from what its rather formal title might lead one to expect. The de Camps tell about ... famous ruins in such a way that they can be watched ... emerging ... from the mists of romance and legend into the more certain light of modern archeology. By playing off folklore and fancy against archeological fact, they humanize their otherwise alien antiquities, while giving us a pleasurable sense of sharing in archeology's gradual discovery of their true history and meaning."
Orville Prescott, writing for the same paper, states "livelier introduction to these ruins and mysteries could not be found." "The de Camps as a team write with the same breezy zest that has added flavor to Mr. de Camp's many earlier books. / All 12 chapters in "Ancient Ruins and Archaeology" are informative and entertaining. And many of them are unusual because of the scornful relish with which the de Camps demolish the absurd theories, fantastic fantasies and crackpot prophecies of cultists and hoaxers." He finds them "expert in condensing archaeological, anthropological and historical facts. And they have the good sense to admit frequently that much of what we would like to know is still unknown." He questions the relevance of the chapters debunking the legends of Atlantis and King Arthur but feels the book's chief trouble is that "[so much has been written recently about the pyramids, Troy and Mycenae that anyone attracted by this book has probably read other capable accounts of them." He concludes nonetheless that "who has never read about these matters should find [the book briskly entertaining."

</doc>
<doc id="5983899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983899" title="Patrick Godfrey">
Patrick Godfrey

Patrick Lindesay Archibald Godfrey (born 13 February 1933) is a British actor of film, television and stage.
Life and career.
Godfrey was born in Finsbury, London, the son of Lois Mary Gladys (née Turner) and Frederick Godfrey, who was a reverend. He made his film debut in 1972's "Miss Julie", and appeared in several British films of the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, including "A Room with a View", "The Remains of the Day", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "The Count of Monte Cristo", "Dimensions" and "Les Misérables". He also played Leonardo da Vinci in the Cinderella adaptation "Ever After" alongside Drew Barrymore and Dougray Scott. He has also had many roles on television, appearing in "Doctor Who", "Inspector Morse" and other series.
He has been married to actress Amanda Walker since 20 April 1960 and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5983909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983909" title="Ray Elgaard">
Ray Elgaard

Raymond Elgaard (born August 29, 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former Canadian Football League slotback for the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1983 through 1996, including winning the 77th Grey Cup in 1989. A big man, he was noted for his reliability as a receiver and his toughness on the field. He retired as the all-time leader in receptions and receiving yards in the Canadian Football League (830 receptions, 13,198 receiving yards, eight 1,000 yard seasons).
Elgaard played rugby for Magee Secondary School and the Kats, college football at the University of Utah, and now resides in Las Vegas. He was a three-time CFL Most Outstanding Canadian and a four-time CFL All-Star. He is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame and in November, 2006 was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#36) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.

</doc>
<doc id="5983910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983910" title="West Hoathly railway station">
West Hoathly railway station

West Hoathly is a closed railway station on what is now the Bluebell Railway. The station was finally closed in 1958 but was used by the contractors in the 1960s demolishing the line as a good place to bring equipment in and out.
The station site today.
The station site was purchased by the Bluebell Railway in 1975 as there was a possibility that the land would be sold for housing development. When approval was given for construction of the railway, in order to overcome objections from local residents, the station was not reopened. Trains returned to the site of the station in 1992 with a loop installed just north of the station to allow engines to 'run round' their trains, however this was removed with opening of the extension to Kingscote in 1994.
Today much of the platforms remain in place and it had since been the site of a large store of ballast and sleepers for the extension to East Grinstead. Despite its name the site of West Hoathly station is actually situated in the village of Sharpthorne, half a mile from the village West Hoathly itself. 
It is sited immediately to the north of Sharpthorne Tunnel, the longest railway tunnel in UK preservation. Plans to reopen the station are proposed as it is the only built-up area on the line south of East Grinstead, however these have been held for the future if ever funds permit and there is support from local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="5983922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983922" title="Toby Tortoise Returns">
Toby Tortoise Returns

Toby Tortoise Returns is an animated Technicolor cartoon in Walt Disney's "Silly Symphonies" series. It is a sequel to "The Tortoise and the Hare". It premiered on August 22, 1936.
This time the plot revolves around a boxing match. The short features characters from other "Silly Symphonies", including The "Three Little Pigs" and Jenny Wren from "Who Killed Cock Robin?". It was released in VHS, Laserdisc, and DVD formats in various countries.
Plot.
Max Hare is boxing Toby Tortoise, and beating him severely in round one. Between rounds, Jenny Wren from "Who Killed Cock Robin?" tells Toby she "likes a man who takes his time", which seems to reinvigorate him. Come round two, Toby pulls into his shell to avoid the fists, wears a diving helmet to survive the water Max pours in, and when Max fills his shell with fireworks, manages to turn them back against Max.

</doc>
<doc id="5983929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983929" title="Mabel Forrest">
Mabel Forrest

Helena Mabel Checkley Forrest (6 March 1872 – 18 March 1935) was an Australian writer and journalist.
Forrest was born near Yandilla, Queensland (now part of Toowoomba Region), the daughter of James Checkley Mills and his wife Margaret Nelson, "née" Haxell. 
She began writing at an early age but did not publish her first book, "The Rose of Forgiveness and other Stories", until 1904. 
She became well known as a writer of verse following the publication of her first volume of poems, "Alpha Centauri", which appeared in Melbourne in 1909. Her first novel "A Bachelor's Wife", was included in the Bookstall series in 1914. "The Green Harper" (prose and verse) followed in 1915, and "Streets and Gardens", a small collection of verse, in 1922. In 1924 "The Wild Moth", a novel, was published in London, and was followed by four other novels, "Gaming Gods" (1926), "Hibiscus Heart" (1927), "Reaping Roses" (1928), and "White Witches" (1929). "Poems by M. Forrest", a collection of her verse contributions to Australian, English and American magazines, was published at Sydney in 1927. 
In addition to her work in book form, for the last 30 years of her life Forrest poured out a constant stream of verse and short stories for newspapers and magazines. Probably no other woman in Australia ever maintained herself so long by freelance journalism. Her verse is represented in several anthologies. Her novels were perhaps little more than stories written to fulfil the demands of the circulating libraries, but Forrest was an admirable journalist who lived a life that had many misfortunes with great industry, ability and courage. 
Forrest died of pneumonia on 18 March 1935 in Brisbane, after a long illness. She was twice married and was survived by a daughter. "Gaming Gods" was dedicated to the memory of her second husband, John Forrest.

</doc>
<doc id="5983934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983934" title="They Said It Couldn't Be Done">
They Said It Couldn't Be Done

"They Said It Couldn't Be Done" is the third album released by Grandmaster Flash, which followed the breakup of the Furious Five because of the departure of rappers Melle Mel, Scorpio, and Keef Cowboy. For "They Said It Couldn't Be Done", Flash signed with Elektra Records and retained the services of Rahiem and The Kidd Creole. New rappers Lavon (Kevin LaVon Dukes), Mr Broadway (Russell Wheeler), and dancer Larry Love (Larry Parker) were added. It was originally released in April 1985. It was re-issued on CD in the US for the first time in 2005 (DBK Works dbk514).It was the first album the group released on a major label. It was produced by Gavin Christopher and Grandmaster Flash (the group). The album also included "Girls love the way he spins," "Sign of the times" "Paradise," and "Rock the House (Alternate Groove)." It was the first hip hop album released by Elektra Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5983935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983935" title="Philip Lewis Griffiths">
Philip Lewis Griffiths

Philip Lewis Griffiths KC (30 September 1881 – 4 June 1945) was an Australian jurist.
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School, he studied for a Master of Arts degree at the Trinity College of the University of Melbourne. He then wrote for "The Mercury" in both Hobart and Launceston, before studying law at the University of Tasmania. While working as a lawyer, he also lectured at the University of Tasmania from 1913 to 1930, focusing on torts and criminal law.
In 1930 Griffiths was appointed as the Solicitor-General of Tasmania, and in August 1933 he was made a King's Counsel. From August 1938 to March 1939 Griffiths was acting Chief Judge of the Mandated Territory of New Guinea; he then became the Second Judge of New Guinea, serving in the acting Chief Judge position again during 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5983937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983937" title="Cheryl Murray">
Cheryl Murray

Cheryl Murray (born 13 July 1952 in Liverpool, Lancashire) is an English actress, best known for her role as Suzie Birchall on the soap opera "Coronation Street", which she played from 1977 to 1979 and again in 1983.
She played the eldest daughter of Billie Whitelaw and sister of Smiths fan Lucette Henderson in the video "Everyday Is Like Sunday" by Morrissey - which was filmed in and around Southend-on-Sea and Westcliff. She also appeared in the fourth series of David Croft's "Hi-de-Hi!" as Joan Wainwright.

</doc>
<doc id="5983940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983940" title="British military post offices in Africa">
British military post offices in Africa

The British post offices in Africa were a system of post offices set up by the United Kingdom to be used by its Middle East Forces and East Africa Forces in Africa during and after World War II.
Middle East Forces.
Definitive British stamps were overprinted "M.E.F." beginning in 1942. They were available in Cyrenaica, Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia, as well as in the Dodecanese islands in the Aegean. At the beginning of 1943, the color-changed definitives were also overprinted, and in 1947, the 5-shilling and 10-shilling stamps received the overprint. In 1950, the British government declared that the remaining overprinted stamps were valid for postage throughout the UK, and so many of the surviving stamps have British inland rather than foreign postmarks.
East Africa Forces.
The East Africa Forces in Somalia also received British stamps, but overprinted "E.A.F." instead, beginning 15 January 1943.
Eritrea, Somalia & Tripolitania.
From 1948 on, the military administrations in Eritrea, Somalia, and Tripolitania used their own overprints.

</doc>
<doc id="5983954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983954" title="Vineland (disambiguation)">
Vineland (disambiguation)

Vineland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5983967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983967" title="Sandown (disambiguation)">
Sandown (disambiguation)

Sandown is a seaside resort town on the south-east coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5983979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983979" title="Hygrophorus">
Hygrophorus

Hygrophorus is a genus of agarics (gilled mushrooms) in the family Hygrophoraceae. Called "woodwaxes" in the UK or "waxy caps" (together with "Hygrocybe" species) in North America, basidiocarps (fruit bodies) are typically fleshy, often with slimy caps and lamellae that are broadly attached to decurrent. All species are ground-dwelling and ectomycorrhizal (forming an association with living trees) and are typically found in woodland. Around 100 species are recognized worldwide. Fruit bodies of several species are considered edible and are sometimes offered for sale in local markets.
Taxonomy.
History.
"Hygrophorus" was first published in 1836 by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries. The generic name is derived from the Greek ῦγρὁς (= moist) + φόρος (= bearer), with reference to the slimy caps found in many species. Fries (1849) subsequently split the genus into three subgenera: "Limacium", "Camarophyllus", and "Hygrocybe". The last of these is now recognized as a genus in its own right, but was frequently included within "Hygrophorus" until the 1970s. "Camarophyllus" (type species "Hygrophorus camarophyllus") and "Limacium" were also raised to the rank of genus, but are regarded as synonyms of "Hygrophorus". "Camarophyllus" sensu Singer (based on "Hygrocybe pratensis") is, however, a synonym of "Hygrocybe" (or "Cuphophyllus").
Current status.
Recent molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, suggests that "Hygrophorus" (minus "Hygrocybe") is a monophyletic (and hence natural) genus. Only a few species, however, have been sequenced to date.
Description.
Fruit bodies of "Hygrophorus" species are all agaricoid, most (but not all) having smooth caps that are viscid to glutinous when damp. The lamellae beneath the cap are usually distant, thick, waxy, and broadly attached to decurrent. The stems of "Hygrophorus" species often have traces of a glutinous veil, sometimes forming an equally glutinous ring or ring-zone. The spore print is white. Microscopically, "Hygrocybe" species lack true cystidia and have smooth, inamyloid basidiospores.
Habitat and distribution.
Species of "Hygrophorus" are ectomycorrhizal, most forming associations with trees (both broadleaf and conifer) and hence typically found in woodlands. Many appear to be host specific, "Hygrophorus cossus", for example, occurring with oak and "H. speciosus" with larch. 
Species are distributed worldwide, from the tropics to the sub-polar regions. Around 100 have been described to date.
Economic usage.
Fruit bodies of a few species are considered edible and are collected and consumed locally (sometimes sold in markets) in Spain and eastern Europe, China and Bhutan, and Central America .
Literature.
No comprehensive monograph of the genus has yet been published. In Europe, however, species of "Hygrophorus" have been illustrated and described in an Italian guide by Candusso (1997). European species have also been covered, more briefly, in descriptive French keys by Bon (1990). Dutch species were illustrated and described by Arnolds (1990). No equivalent modern guides have been published for North America, the most recent being by Hesler & Smith (1963). There is, however, a guide to Californian species by Largent (1985). In Australia, "Hygrophorus" species have been illustrated and described by Young (2005) and in New Zealand by Horak (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="5983984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983984" title="Hygrocybe">
Hygrocybe

Hygrocybe is a genus of agarics (gilled fungi) in the family Hygrophoraceae. Called waxcaps in English (sometimes waxy caps in North America), basidiocarps (fruit bodies) are often brightly coloured and have waxy to slimy caps, white spores, and smooth, ringless stems. In Europe they are characteristic of old, unimproved grasslands (termed waxcap grasslands) which are a declining habitat, making many "Hygrocybe" species of conservation concern. Elsewhere they are more typically found in woodlands. Most are ground-dwelling and all are believed to be moss associates. Around 150 species are recognized worldwide. Fruit bodies of several "Hygrocybe" species are considered edible and are sometimes offered for sale in local markets.
Taxonomy.
History.
"Hygrocybe" was first published in 1821 by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries as a subsection of "Agaricus" and in 1871 was raised to the rank of genus by Kummer. In several papers, Karsten and Murrill used the name "Hydrocybe", but this is now taken as an orthographic variant of "Hygrocybe". The generic name is derived from the Greek ῦγρὁς (= moist) + κυβη (= head).
Despite its comparatively early publication, the genus "Hygrocybe" was not widely accepted until the 1970s, most previous authors treating it as a synonym of "Hygrophorus", a related genus of ectomycorrhizal agarics. 
"Hygrocybe" itself has been split into subgenera, several of which – notably "Cuphophyllus" (= "Camarophyllus" sensu Singer, non Fries) – have subsequently been raised to generic rank. As of 2011, however, most standard authorities place these split genera in synonymy with "Hygrocybe". Some species, such as the mauve splitting waxcap ("Humidicutis lewelliniae"), have been described in the small genus "Humidicutis".
Current status.
Recent molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, suggests that "Hygrocybe" as currently understood is paraphyletic and does not form a single clade within the Hygrophoraceae. As a result, it has been suggested that at least the genus "Cuphophyllus" (comprising "Hygrocybe pratensis" and its allies) should be recognized and removed from "Hygrocybe" sensu stricto, together with the genus "Gliophorus" (comprising "Hygrocybe psittacina" and its allies). As yet, however, only a few species of "Hygrocybe" have been sequenced and though these suggestions have been accepted in principle (e.g. by Boertmann, 2010), they have not yet been widely implemented.
Description.
Fruit bodies of "Hygrocybe" species are all agaricoid, most (but not all) having smooth to slightly scaly caps that are convex to conical and waxy to slimy when damp. Many (but not all) are brightly coloured in shades of red, orange, or yellow – less commonly pink or green. Where present, the gills beneath the cap are often equally coloured and usually distant, thick, and waxy. One atypical South American species, "Hygrocybe aphylla", lacks gills. The stems of "Hygrocybe" species lack a ring. The spore print is white. Fruit bodies of some species, notably "Hygrocybe conica", blacken with age or when bruised. Microscopically, "Hygrocybe" species lack true cystidia and have comparatively large, smooth, inamyloid basidiospores.
Habitat, nutrition, and distribution.
Most species of "Hygrocybe" are ground-dwelling, though a few (such as "Hygrocybe mexicana" and "H. rosea") are only known from mossy tree trunks or logs. In Europe, species are typical of unimproved (nutrient-poor), short-sward grasslands, often termed "waxcap grasslands", but elsewhere they are more commonly found in woodland. 
Their metabolism has long been debated, but recent research shows that they are neither mycorrhizal nor saprotrophic. It seems they may be symbiotically associated with mosses, as suggested by several earlier authors.
Species are distributed worldwide, from the tropics to the sub-polar regions. Around 150 have been described to date.
Conservation.
In Europe, waxcap grasslands and their associated fungi are of conservation concern, since unimproved grasslands (formerly commonplace) have declined dramatically as a result of changes in agricultural practice. As a result, by 1993, 89% of European "Hygrocybe" species appeared on one or more national red lists of threatened fungi. In several countries, action has been taken to conserve waxcap grasslands and some of the rarer "Hygrocybe" species. In the United Kingdom, some grasslands have gained a measure of legal protection as Sites of Special Scientific Interest because of their waxcap interest.
Economic usage.
Fruit bodies of one of the commoner European waxcap species, "Hygrocybe pratensis", are edible and widely collected, sometimes being offered for sale in local markets. Because "Hygrocybe" species cannot be maintained in culture, none is cultivated commercially. Fruit bodies of a few additional species are considered edible in eastern Europe, south-east Asia, and Central America and are collected and consumed locally.
Literature.
No comprehensive monograph of the genus has yet been published. In Europe, however, species of "Hygrocybe" have been illustrated and described in a standard English-language guide by Boertmann (2010) and also (together with "Hygrophorus") in an Italian guide by Candusso (1997). European species have also been covered, more briefly, in descriptive French keys by Bon (1990). Dutch species were illustrated and described by Arnolds (1990). No equivalent modern guides have been published for North America, the most recent being by Hesler & Smith (1963). There is, however, a guide to Californian species by Largent (1985). In Australia, "Hygrocybe" species have been illustrated and described by Young (2005) and in New Zealand by Horak (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="5983993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5983993" title="Richard Walker (baritone)">
Richard Walker (baritone)

Richard Walker, (18 November 1897 – 26 August 1989) was an English opera singer and actor, best known for his performances in the baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. Between 1932 and 1939 Walker was married to D'Oyly Carte chorister Ena Martin. He married the company's principal soprano Helen Roberts in 1944.
After serving in the Coldstream Guards, Walker began his career in touring in concerts and revues. He joined D'Oyly Carte at age 27 and remained with the company for 25 years. At first playing mostly smaller roles and understudying larger ones, by 1942 Walker had been promoted as a principal baritone of the company, playing roles like Pooh Bah in "The Mikado". His total of thirty-five Savoy Opera roles is the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company's all-time record.
After leaving the company, Walker and Roberts were engaged in Australia by J. C. Williamson to Australia and New Zealand throughout the 1950s and early 1960s in Gilbert and Sullivan as well as other works in their repertory. He also stage directed. In the early 1970s, they toured for more than four years in the original Australian production of "My Fair Lady" and presented Gilbert and Sullivan in two-person entertainments throughout the United States and Canada.
Life and career.
Richard Walker was born in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. He served for a time in the Coldstream Guards. Walker studied singing at the Midland Conservatoire of Music and earned a second degree (Licentiate) at the London College of Music. He began his career by touring for two years in concerts and revues.
D'Oyly Carte years.
Walker joined the chorus of the smaller of D'Oyly Carte's two companies on tour in 1924. Soon he was filling in for baritone roles such as Captain Corcoran in "H.M.S. Pinafore" and the Lieutenant of the Tower in "The Yeomen of the Guard". He also played Giorgio and then Antonio in "The Gondoliers". He transferred to D'Oyly Carte's principal company in 1927, playing Antonio, and, from 1929, Guron in "Princess Ida".
During the 1930s and early 1940s, Walker played a variety of parts, both in his own right and as an occasional substitute. His own roles from 1932 were the Usher in "Trial by Jury", Bobstay in "H.M.S. Pinafore", Samuel in "The Pirates of Penzance", Guron, and Antonio, which he performed in a BBC broadcast from the Savoy Theatre during the company's 1932–33 London season. From 1935 he shared the role of Bouncer in "Cox and Box" with Darrell Fancourt. In 1937 he added the role of the Notary in "The Sorcerer". In 1940 he switched from Bouncer to Cox in "Cox and Box", and from Usher to Counsel for the Plaintiff in "Trial by Jury". He also took on the small roles of Major Murgatroyd in "Patience" and Second Citizen, and the next year, Second Yeomen in "The Yeomen of the Guard". Roles in which he occasionally deputised for Fancourt or Sydney Granville were King Hildebrand in "Princess Ida", the Pirate King in "The Pirates of Penzance", Earl Mountararat and Private Willis in "Iolanthe", Colonel Calverley in "Patience", Sir Roderic Murgatroyd in "Ruddigore", the title role and Pooh-Bah in "The Mikado", Wilfred Shadbolt in "The Yeomen of the Guard", and Don Alhambra in "The Gondoliers".
In 1942, Walker succeeded Granville as principal "heavy" baritone, playing the Sergeant of Police in "The Pirates of Penzance", Shadbolt, Don Alhambra, and Pooh-Bah. In succeeding years he added to these the Usher, Private Willis and Boatswain. He filled in for Fancourt from time to time as Mountararat, Colonel Calverley, and the Mikado, and he also occasionally played Grosvenor in "Patience". The Gilbert and Sullivan historian Colin Prestige wrote of him, "Richard Walker knew exactly the limit between comedy and buffoonery. ... His Wilfred Shadbolt was sardonic, his Don Alhambra del Bolero urbane, his Pooh-Bah sanctimonious." Walker married a fellow company member, Helen Roberts, on 31 July 1944. Earlier that month, the two found themselves very close to an exploding German rocket near Piccadilly Circus, as they approached a restaurant. They were not seriously hurt, but just before they went on stage that evening as Wilfred and Elsie in "The Yeomen of the Guard", Walker proposed marriage.
Beginning in 1947, both Walker and Roberts began losing roles to other performers engaged by the company, despite their continuing to garner excellent reviews. Richard Watson took over Walker's former roles of Pooh-Bah and Don Alhambra, and the two now shared the roles of Bouncer and Private Willis. On 31 July 1948, Walker and Roberts left the company. Walker was doing concert work and had returned from a production of "The Gondoliers" in Limerick, Ireland, in 1949, when D'Oyly Carte asked him to step in as an emergency replacement, initially filling in as Grosvenor in "Patience" (Prestige wrote that his "interpretation ... can only be described as magnificent") and then Bouncer, Counsel, Bobstay, Pish-Tush, the Lieutenant, and Giuseppe in "The Gondoliers" for the remainder of the season. His total of 35 Savoy Opera roles while a member of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company is the company's all-time record.
Australia and touring.
After his last season with D'Oyly Carte, Walker and Roberts were engaged by the J. C. Williamson Gilbert and Sullivan Opera Company, and toured Australia and New Zealand throughout the 1950s and early 1960s. When the Williamsons played Gilbert and Sullivan, as they did for extended tours every five or six years, Walker sang his familiar roles, as well as Dick Deadeye in "Pinafore" and Sergeant Meryll in "Yeomen", and he directed the operas. Walker and Roberts also performed in musical comedies in Australia under other management. From 1959, they toured for more than four years in the original Australian production of "My Fair Lady", Walker as Alfred P. Doolittle and Roberts as Mrs. Eynsford-Hill. They then settled in Sydney. Walker later appeared in the Williamson production of "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum". In 1967, he joined the Elizabethan Theatre Company, playing Frosch in "Die Fledermaus".
Walker also presented Gilbert and Sullivan with Roberts in two-person entertainments throughout the United States and Canada beginning in the 1950s. President Eisenhower asked them to give their concert programme at his pre-inauguration party at the White House following his re-election in 1956, but they were unable to attend, as they were then in Australia. Walker was the Honorary President of the Gilbert and Sullivan Society of New York from 1951 until his death.
Walker died in Sydney, Australia, at the age of 91. His widow later returned to England, where she died in 2010.
Recordings.
Walker's recordings with D'Oyly Carte were Antonio in "The Gondoliers" (1927), and Boatswain in "H.M.S. Pinafore" (1949). Reviewing the former, "The Gramophone" commented, "Richard Walker has the best chance of the soloists, and takes full advantage of it."
See also.
J. C. Williamson

</doc>
<doc id="5984001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984001" title="Camarophyllopsis">
Camarophyllopsis

Camarophyllopsis is a genus of 26 species of fungi with a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate areas. Members of "Camarophyllopsis" are distinguished from members of the Hygrophoraceae family by mainly by their hymenoderm pileipellis. The arrangement of lamellar trama is highly variable between species. Coloration of the fruiting body is dull, tending toward browns and grays. Many members of this genus were formerly classified in the genus "Hygrotrama", but the two genera were subsequently put in synonymy.

</doc>
<doc id="5984006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984006" title="The Source (Grandmaster Flash album)">
The Source (Grandmaster Flash album)

The Source is the fourth studio album by Grandmaster Flash, released in 1986. It was reissued in the US on CD for the first time in 2005 (Collectors' Choice Music, CCM-583-2).
Musicians.
Recorded and mixed at Grand Slam Studio, West Orange, NJ.

</doc>
<doc id="5984015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984015" title="Terengganu River">
Terengganu River

Terengganu River is a river in Terengganu, Malaysia. Originated from Lake Kenyir, it flows through the state capital of Terengganu, Kuala Terengganu, and flows into the South China Sea. It is bridged by the Sultan Mahmud Bridge in Kuala Terengganu. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984019" title="Andrew Kellaway">
Andrew Kellaway

Andrew Kellaway (born 23 November 1975) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club in the AFL.
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School, Kellaway joined his brother Duncan at Richmond in 1997. He is a defender, and in his best AFL season, 2000, he won the club's best and fairest award and was a member of the All-Australian Team. 
He played International rules football for Australia in 2000 and in 2002 he won the Jim Stynes Medal. Kellaway was Australia's goalkeeper for the 2002 series.
He was delisted by Richmond at the end of the 2006 season at age 30.

</doc>
<doc id="5984032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984032" title="Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge">
Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge

Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Yahya Petra (Jawi: جمبتن سلطان يحي ڤيترا) is a major bridge in Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia crossing Kelantan River. Construction began in 1965 and was completed in 1967, by renowned builder Kien Huat Private Limited, a family firm of Tan Sri Lim Goh Tong. It was opened on 1967 by the late Sultan of Kelantan. Almarhum Sultan Yahya Petra ibni Almarhum Sultan Ibrahim. The bridge was originally a toll bridge making the first toll bridge in Malaysia.
Current developments.
Construction of the Sultan Yahya Petra Second Bridge.
The Sultan Yahya Petra Second Bridge project consists of a pair of bridges built at the left and right of the original bridge and a 1-km flyover built on top of the existing Federal Route 3. Construction began on 2009 and was completed in 2012. The bridge becomes the only triple-carriageway bridge in the country, where the original bridge remains as a two-way bridge, while the new bridges constructed at both sides of the original bridge carry one-way traffic each. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984045" title="Marpole Bridge">
Marpole Bridge

The Marpole Bridge is a swing span railway bridge that crosses the north arm of the Fraser River and connects Vancouver with Richmond, British Columbia. 
The original Marpole Bridge was constructed in 1902. When it was damaged in 1966, a replacement bridge was opened in 1967. It is owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway.
This bridge is not to be confused with the road bridge of the same name that was dismantled in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="5984055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984055" title="Spring and Chaos">
Spring and Chaos

The North American title "Spring and Chaos" derives from the title of Miyazawa's poetry collection "Spring and Asura" ("Haru to Shura"), the title poem of which is recited in part in the program. The "Ihatov" in the Japanese title is a setting in a number of Miyazawa's works; it is the word Miyazawa created in Esperanto for his place of residence, Japan's Iwate Prefecture.
Plot.
The story follows Kenji Miyazawa through different periods of his life, centering primarily on his relationships with his sister, his father, his students, and the farmers in his area. The film opens with a sequence of Kenji carrying snow in his hands and chasing after a moving train containing his sister Toshi. Suddenly the ground splits and the train descends into the sea, as Kenji sinks to his knees and calls his sister’s name. In the real world, Kenji’s students sit in their classroom and gossip about the strangeness of their teacher. Kenji enters through the window and proceeds to tell the students to shut their books and close their eyes, explaining principles of heat and temperature to them. Then he leads his students on an outdoor excursion, demonstrating the eccentric teaching style that Miyazawa was known for.
Six years earlier, Kenji walks through natural landscapes with his friend, Kanai Hosaka. Looking at two telegraph poles, he gets the inspiration for his poem Telegraph Poles on a Moonlit Night. He talks about his dreams for the future with Kanai on a mountaintop while gazing at a beautiful field of stars. Upon returning home with an armful of rocks he has collected, he witnesses his father at work at the family pawnshop business, in the middle of insisting that he cannot give a poor farmer any more money for his goods. Kenji later argues with his father about the business, decrying the practice of profiting off the poor. However, he is cheered by his sister Toshi; he asks her if she has read his poem in Azalea, a reference to the magazine that Miyazawa started with his friends. Toshi starts to cough violently and Kenji rushes to her aid.
In 1923 Kenji moves to Tokyo out of depression, working at a small publishing out. He meets his friend Kanai again after three years, but Kanai now believes Kenji to be too idealistic, and says that they cannot walk the path they dreamed of together after all. Kenji returns shortly afterwards to Hanamaki to be with Toshi, who is very sick and talks about her fear of death. Kenji reads her a story of his and describes his writing methods and the inspiration he takes from nature. His creative process is depicted in an abstract sequence showing birds, bears, a winged Kenji, and numerous other images in varying art styles.
Kenji’s father berates him for printing so many copies of his book, which no one ended up reading. Kenji declares that he doesn’t write to sell books. In the classroom his students read his poetry collection Spring and Asura, but they all profess to not understand it. Kenji observes the farmers toiling slavishly in the fields and becomes overcome with emotion, hit with a sudden hallucination of being trapped and surrounded by water filled with skeletal corpses and fearful spirits. He comes to with his students worrying around him. They then tell him about a student who has been stealing from his classmates; Kenji catches the student and tells the boy to follow him, travelling a long way through difficult natural terrain until they reach a mountaintop. There Kenji asks the boy about his motives for stealing, offering selflessly to give the boy his entire salary and to get him however much money he needs. He learns that the young boy is from a poor family of farmers.
Kenji makes up his mind to quit teaching and to work the fields alongside the other farmers. He is unused to the work, and the other farmers scoff at him and view him as a weak amateur. As a sung version of Miyazawa’s famous poem Ame ni mo Makezu plays in the background, Kenji works in the field in the day and teaches the farmers about art and literature as well as new fertilizing techniques during the evening. However, many other farmers still do not warm up to him, continuing to think of him as spoiled and rich, even sabotaging his crop while he is away.
He works himself to exhaustion farming and hallucinates once again, leading to a rapid series of flashbacks. He despairs and thinks of one of his last moments with his sister, when she asks him to bring her fresh snow and he feeds it to her in bed. As Kenji lies desolately in the field, all of a sudden a pair of trains burst up from the ground and towards the sky, referencing Miyazawa’s novel Night on the Galactic Railroad, the basis for which was said to be his sister’s death. Seeing this, he is able to regain hope. He recites a segment of his poem Spring and Asura.

</doc>
<doc id="5984059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984059" title="Aeroplane Jelly">
Aeroplane Jelly

Aeroplane Jelly is a jelly brand in Australia created by Bert Appleroth. Appleroth's backyard business, Traders Pty Ltd, became one of Australia's largest family-operated food manufacturers and was sold to McCormick Foods Australia, a subsidiary of United States corporation McCormick & Company, in 1995. Aeroplane Jelly is the market leader in Australia's jelly market, with over 18 million packets sold annually. Raspberry is the best-selling flavour.
Aeroplane Jelly ran a successful advertising campaign featuring a jingle that has become part of Australian culture. It is one of Australia's longest running jingles, and was played on radio over 100 times per day in the 1940s. The jingle was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry in 2008.
History.
Adolphus Herbert Frederick Norman Appleroth, known as Bert Appleroth, was a tram conductor who created jelly crystals using gelatine and sugar in his bathtub. He sold these jelly crystals door-to-door, using his tram route to transport him around Sydney. In 1917, Appleroth rented premises to manufacture his jelly, then formed a company with Albert Francis Lenertz named Traders Pty Ltd in 1926. Planes were considered new and exciting at the time, so aviation fan Appleroth named the brand Aeroplane Jelly. Appleroth used a Tiger Moth plane to make deliveries to rural areas in 1934, and his publicity stunts and Aeroplane Jelly's advertising campaigns made the jelly a national icon, like Holden and Vegemite.
Appleroth's company, Traders Pty Ltd, was run by his son, Bert II, then grandson, Bert III, and ownership passed to Bert III's wife Val when he died in 1985. According to Traders' managing director, Hugh Knox, the Appleroth family were friends with a former managing director of McCormick & Company, which opened up negotiations between the parties. Aeroplane Jelly was sold to McCormick Foods Australia in 1995, the Australian subsidiary of the United States-based McCormick & Company.
The first Aeroplane Jelly factory was located in Paddington, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney, then manufactured in West Ryde for 33 years. In 2006, McCormick Foods Australia moved production of Aeroplane Jelly to Clayton, Victoria to centralise its manufacturing operations in Victoria.
Advertising.
The Aeroplane Jelly jingle was composed by Albert Francis Lenertz (1891–1943), Appleroth's business partner. The jingle was a re-working of Lenertz's earlier political jingle in tribute to Australian Prime Minister William Morris Hughes. A minor controversy occurred in the "Sydney Morning Herald" in 1988 over authorship of the song, with claims made on behalf of vaudeville actress Peggy Thorne, pianist of the Musician's Lodge, Les Woods, and New Zealander Bill White.
The jingle was first sung in the early 1930s on the Goodie Reeve radio show by three-year-old Jennifer Paykel. As the commercials were broadcast live, Paykel was taken to the studio two or three times per week to sing the jingle. Paykel's mother did not renew her contract because, according to Paykel, "Shirley Temple was all the rage and my mother was terrified I might become a public figure like her". Aeroplane Jelly held a talent quest in Sydney to find a new singer and the competition was won by five-year-old Joy King. King recorded the jingle in 1937.
A finalist in the same talent quest was seven-year-old Tommy Dawes, who Appleroth chose to appear as the "whistling boy" on the front of the jelly packets and advertising. According to Dawes, as a finalist he received 10 guineas and an onyx inkstand, but has received no other compensation for the use of his image or his recorded version of the jingle. Dawes said, "It was absolutely fantastic; I loved seeing my picture and singing the song and all my friends were very impressed... I have never wanted any money from it... I just like telling everyone that I'm the Aeroplane Jelly boy."
In 1966, the jingle was recorded in Greek, Italian, Russian and Yugoslav, and became one of Australia's first advertising campaigns to target ethnic groups. Versions of the jingle have been recorded by The Andrews Sisters and Victor Borge. At its peak in the 1940s, the jingle was played over 100 times per day on radio stations, and it is one of the longest-running jingles in Australia. In 2003, Aeroplane Jelly marked its 75th anniversary with a national competition to record a new version of the jingle and raise money for the Starlight Children's Foundation. A McCormick spokesperson described the number of submissions as "overwhelming". The competition was won by Queensland's Palm Beach State School, who re-recorded the jingle with runners-up Park Ridge Primary School from Victoria. 
Brisbane advertising agencies named the Aeroplane Jelly jingle one of the best and most recognisable advertisement catchphrases of the past 40 years, a runner-up to Mortein's "Louie the Fly" jingle. In June 2008, Joy King's recording of the jingle was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry.
Bertie the Aeroplane was introduced as Aeroplane Jelly's mascot in 1942. Named after Bert Appleroth, Bertie sung the jingle in cinema advertising. Bertie was later featured in television advertisements and reappeared in 1996 on jelly packaging and the Aeroplane Jelly website.
Products.
The Australian jelly industry is worth approximately $1121 million per annum, and Aeroplane Jelly is the market leader with a 25% share. Over 19 million packets of Aeroplane Jelly are sold each year. Regular Raspberry flavour is the top selling Jelly variant with nearly 2 million packs sold each year. In 1953, Aeroplane Jelly introduced Australia's first low calorie jelly. In 1988, in honour of the Australian Bicentenary, jelly was available in special Australian flavours such as Lilly Pilly, Quandong and Midjinberry. These flavours were phased out by 1992. Now Aeroplane Jelly is owned by American company, McCormicks foods; it used to be owned by Traders Pty Ltd. One of the least selling though was the lemon flavor which sold over 100,000 packets per annum

</doc>
<doc id="5984062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984062" title="Smokers Delight">
Smokers Delight

Smokers Delight is an album by Nightmares on Wax, released on October 24, 1995 (see 1995 in music). The album's opening track, "Nights Introlude", includes a sample of Quincy Jones's cover of "Summer in the City".

</doc>
<doc id="5984067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984067" title="Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang">
Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang

Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang is the fifth album released by Grandmaster Flash. It was released in 1987 on Elektra records. The cassette version was titled "Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang...And More" and the CD version was titled "Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang...And Even More" - each containing bonus tracks that were not on the original vinyl.
European pressings of the album misprinted the title of the track "All Wrapped Up" as "All Rapped Up".
It was reissued in the US on CD in 2005 by Collectors' Choice Music. This release reverted to the original vinyl track listing and omitted any additional tracks. The booklet also removed the printed credits and lyrics and replaced them with a new essay by Peter Relic. It also repeated the artwork mistake made to the track listing that initially appeared on the European pressings of the original LP and made an additional one (*).
Track listing.
1987 vinyl release - Elektra (60723-1).
Side 1
Side 2
1987 cassette release - Elektra (60723-4).
Side A
Side B 
Notes.
(*) The rear of the 2005 CD reissue again lists "All Wrapped Up" as "All Rapped Up" and additionally "Bus Dis (Wooo)" as "Bus Dis (Wood)."
(**) The original 1987 CD Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang...And Even More lists the track as "We Will Rob You" and the writer credits Brian May (from the sampled Queen track). The 2005 reissue incorrectly lists the track as "We Will Rock You" and the writer credit as J. Saddler (Grandmaster Flash) just like the original vinyl release. Both tracks are identical.
Personnel.
Grandmaster Flash (J. Sadler) - Keyboards, emulator on “All Wrapped Up”
Kid Creole (N. Glover Jr.) - Vocals
Rahiem (G. Williams) - Vocals
La Von (Kevin L. Dukes) - Vocals, Writer, Arranger
Mr. Broadway (R. Wheeler) - Vocals
Larry Love (L. Parker) - Dancer
Shame (J. Dukes) - Assistant to the Grandmaster
Kev "The Dog" Harris - Light Tech
Raymond "Sugar Ray" Holloway - Assistant technician
Guy Vaughn: Keyboards and drum programming
Larry Smith: Keyboards and drum programming
Tanna Gardner: Vocals on “Underarms”
Nikki Williams: Vocals on “Big Black Caddy”
Edith R. Simmons: Vocals on “Underarms”
All arrangements by J. Sadler, L. Smith, G. Vaughn, K. Harris, G. Williams

</doc>
<doc id="5984076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984076" title="Ken'ichi Sakemi">
Ken'ichi Sakemi

Brief history.
In 1989, Sakemi's novel "Kōkyū Shōsetsu" won the first Japan Fantasy Novel Award. The following year, this novel was nominated for the Naoki Award and made into the anime television film "Like the Clouds, Like the Wind". In 1991, "Bokko" was nominated for the 104th Naoki Awards, and then won the 4th Nakajima Atsushi Memorial Award along with his novel "Rōkō ni Ari" in 1992. Sakemi won the 19th Nitta Jirō Literature Prize for "Shūkōtan" in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5984078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984078" title="Perak River">
Perak River

Perak River "(Malay: Sungai Perak)" is the second longest river in Peninsular Malaysia after Pahang River in Pahang, Malaysia. A number of towns are on the banks of the river including the royal town of Kuala Kangsar. Most of the settlements in what is today Perak were situated near the river until the 19th century, when tin deposits were discovered elsewhere, most notably Ipoh. The source of Sungei Perak is in the mountainous Perak-Kelantan-Thailand border of the Belum Forest Reserve. Some of the branches of the river are the Bidor River and the Kinta River. The Temenggor Dam has created a large man-made lake at Banding near Grik.
History.
One of the streams that flows into the Perak River is known locally as the Sungai Kangsar (Kangsar River). The portion that enjoins the main Perak River is known as Kuala. Overlooking the river bank there is a hill where the British Resident for Perak resided and appropriately named as Bukit Resident (Residence Hill). During the British occupation the British Resident being Advisor to the Sultan will conduct the Council Meeting with the Sultan and Chieftains from the districts at Bukit Resident. The council meeting was usually a pompous event with Chieftains coming with sailing boats and the Royalty and palace officials came riding on elephants. The subjects camped at the foot of the Bukit Resident for days as the Council Meeting was usually more than three days. For the subjects the Council meeting was a festival where they congregated at river bank. The subjects and locals had free flows of food and cultural activities at the river bank.Thus the local dialects named the confluence of Kangsar River and Perak River as Kuala Kangsar, Kangsar was coined from the word Council and Kuala means confluence of river. 
Literature.
The Perak is mentioned in Rudyard Kipling's fantastic story "The Crab That Played with the Sea" (published as one of the "Just So Stories"). There, the man complains to his creator, the eldest magician, about the tides running into and out from the Perak: "Once a day and once a night the Sea runs up the Perak river and drives the sweet-water back into the forest, so that my house is made wet; once a day and once a night it runs down the river and draws all the water after it, so that there is nothing left but mud, and my canoe is upset."

</doc>
<doc id="5984097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984097" title="Duncan Kellaway">
Duncan Kellaway

Duncan Kellaway (born 17 February 1973) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School, Kellaway debuted for Richmond in 1993, tallying 27 possessions in his first AFL match. He played State of Origin football on several occasions for Victoria, and retired in 2004 having played 180 senior games. He played just eight games in his final two seasons due to injuries. His brother Andrew was drafted to Richmond in 1997, and they lined up in the same back line.

</doc>
<doc id="5984100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984100" title="Barred becard">
Barred becard

The barred becard ("Pachyramphus versicolor") is a small passerine bird which is a resident breeding species in highlands from Costa Rica to northwestern Ecuador and northern Bolivia. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggests it belongs in Tityridae, where now placed by SACC.
The adult barred becard is 12 cm long and weighs 14 g; it has a conspicuous eye ring. The adult male has black upperparts with much white in the wings. The sides of the head and throat have yellowish-green shading to white on the rest of the underparts. The underparts are finely barred with black. The adult female has a grey crown and nape, olive-green upperparts and largely rufous wings. The greenish-yellow underparts are finely barred and dusky. Young males are much duller and greener than the adults, with weaker barring. The calls include a soft but persistent "weet weet weet weet" or a "teseep tesep tseep tseep".
The barred becard is found in the canopy and middle levels of mountain forests, coming lower at edges and in adjacent more open woodland. It is mainly found at altitudes between 1500–2500 m, sometimes higher early in the year. Barred becards actively pick large insects and spiders off the foliage in flight. They also regularly hover to take small berries. They can occur singly, in pairs or family groups, or often as part of a mixed-species feeding flock.
The nest, built by the female in a high fork of a tree branch 15–23 m up, is a 30 cm diameter spherical structure of plant material with a low entrance. The typical clutch is two dark brown-blotched brownish white eggs, laid between April and June and incubated by the female alone for 18–20 days to hatching. The male helps to feed the young.

</doc>
<doc id="5984110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984110" title="John Blaxland">
John Blaxland

John Blaxland (4 January 1769 – 5 August 1845) was a pioneer settler and explorer in Australia.
Early life
Blaxland was born in Kent, the eldest son of John Blaxland and Mary, "née" Parker, of Fordwich, Kent, England. He was the older brother of Gregory Blaxland. John Blaxland was educated at The King's School, Canterbury, later joined the army and rose to become a captain. He resigned his commission in 1792, managing the family estates at Newington, Kent.
Australia
In 1805 Blaxland decided to emigrate to Australia with his brother Gregory after persuasion from Joseph Banks. Blaxland made a good bargain with the English government which agreed that if he brought £6000 to the colony he would be granted 8000 acres (32 km²) of land, the labour of 80 convicts who would be fed for 18 months by the government, and a free passage for himself, his wife, children and servants.
John Blaxland, the elder of the two brothers, reached New South Wales on 4 April 1807, having, in conjunction with Hulletts brothers, of London, built "The Three Brothers", a ship of 252 tons, carrying eight guns and a crew of 21 to bring himself, his wife, and four daughters, a governess, two female servants, a bailiff, a carpenter, a man for agricultural purposes and a boy to this land, Oliver Russell being the master.
He arrived with instructions to Governor Bligh to give him various concessions in place of the free passage. Bligh was no more helpful than he thought necessary, but Blaxland obtained cattle from the government herd, started a dairy in Sydney, and also sold meat and vegetables.
Blaxland did a very useful piece of work in reducing the prices of these necessities, but Bligh insisted that he should go in for agriculture as well as grazing. He antagonized Blaxland, who joined in the deposition of Bligh in January 1808, but Blaxland could not get the concessions he wanted from Colonel Johnston
Newington House
Within ten days of the First Fleet arriving in Australia, records had been made of "The Flats", the extensive tidal wetlands at Homebush Bay. Between the years 1788 and 1831, blocks of land ranging from 100 to 10,000 acres (40 km²) were given out to the first European settlers by dividing up the Wanng-al clans' land. These land grants were inked in on County of Cumberland maps, with names of owners and land granted clearly indicated. In 1807, John Blaxland acquired 520 hectares of land, reserving the original grants of Waterhouse, Shortland, Archer and Haslam. He named the estate Newington after his family estate in Kent, England. Blaxland established a series of salt pans on the banks of the Parramatta River and by 1827, was producing 8 tons of salt each week for the Sydney market. Blaxland also established a tweed mill, limekiln and flourmill. In 1843, Blaxland mortgaged the property to the Australian Trust Company. After he died in 1851 the Trust Company sold the property to John Dobie to recover the mortgage. The Blaxland family re-purchased the estate from Dobie in 1854 but offered it as security against a large loan. The property was transferred to the Official Assignee of the Insolvent Estate of Edward James Blaxland in 1860 and subsequently leased to the Methodist Church, who established Newington College on the estate. The building is now listed on the Register of the National Estate.
Return to England
Blaxland then decided to return to England. Bligh, however, succeeded in getting him arrested at Cape Town and taken to London. After three years in London he obtained a letter to Macquarie directing that the original agreement should be carried out. But Macquarie was obsessed with the idea that the land grants were for the purpose of growing grain and put various obstacles in his way.
Return to Australia
Blaxland returned to Sydney on 27 February 1818, on board the "Laurel". With him was Mak Sai Ying, the first known Chinese man to settle in Australia. Mak Sai Ying was later to negotiate land deals favourable to Blaxland, while working as a carpenter, until 1821.
However, in the 1820s, under Governor Brisbane, Blaxland obtained good land in the Nepean (800 acres called "Grove Farm" where he had built a weir and brewery where barley and English soft wheat were grown at what became Wallacia) and Hunter Regions as a result of discovering a route to the area. His grant was in the area now known as Broke and by 1860 he had established a mill in the nearby area of Fordwich. Over the years he was successful as a stock owner. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1829 to 1844 and died at Newington on 5 August 1845. Blaxland married twice and was survived by sons and a daughter.
Blaxland was a keen man of business, anxious to drive a good bargain, and as a free settler was in a stronger position than the emancipists. But he antagonized both Bligh and Macquarie and met with much opposition. In spite of this Blaxland as a pioneer grazier became an important figure in the early development of Australia.
Bibliography
References

</doc>
<doc id="5984116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984116" title="Woodworth">
Woodworth

See also.
Woodworth political family

</doc>
<doc id="5984117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984117" title="Ballyduff, County Waterford">
Ballyduff, County Waterford

__NOTOC__
Ballyduff () is a village in County Waterford, Ireland. It is also a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore.
Location and access.
Ballyduff is a town on the Blackwater River in County Waterford, Ireland. It has a bridge over the river. It is 6 miles west of Lismore and 10 east of Fermoy, Co. Cork.
Facilities.
Ballyduff has: a parish hall (old school hall) and a National School with a new hall. It has a Roman Catholic church.

</doc>
<doc id="5984143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984143" title="On the Strength">
On the Strength

On the Strength is the reunion (and second) album by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. Released in 1988, it was the full line-up’s last album together. Although certainly contributing to the album itself, Cowboy (Keith Wiggins), was not present for the album or single photo shoots.
The album was reissued in the US on CD in 2005 (Collectors' Choice Music, CCM-585-2) but once again (see "Ba-Dop-Boom-Bang") omitted the bonus track (*) that was originally included on both the original CD and cassette versions of the album.
Notes.
Artist & Repertoire: Raoul Roach

</doc>
<doc id="5984146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984146" title="Beau-père">
Beau-père

Beau-père is a 1981 French comedy-drama film directed by Bertrand Blier. It is about a 30-year-old pianist who has an affair with his 14-year-old stepdaughter after her mother dies in a car accident. The film was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival and received some positive reviews in spite of its controversial subject.
Plot.
Rémi (Patrick Dewaere) is a struggling pianist with a wife named Martine (Nicole Garcia), a model who is getting too old to find desirable work, and a 14-year-old stepdaughter Marion (Ariel Besse). When Martine is killed in a car crash, Marion expresses her desire to stay with Rémi in their apartment, but is taken away by her father Charly (Maurice Ronet), an alcoholic who dislikes Rémi. Marion comes back, much to her father's disapproval, and takes up babysitting to help make ends meet while Rémi gives piano lessons. Soon, Marion tells Rémi she is physically attracted to him, but he resists her advances because of her young age.
When Marion proves to be ailing, she is sent to the mountains while Rémi loses his apartment and moves in with friends. A broken man, he meets with Marion and they have sex in a hotel. She comes back to live with him in a new home, and although he first resists any more sex, gradually gives in. While visiting, Marion's father at one point sees the two embrace. He asks them if they are having an affair, but when Rémi objects, Charly apologizes and leaves. Eventually Rémi takes interest in an older woman, Charlotte (Nathalie Baye), who is also a more skilled piano player, while Marion also seeks out a substitute for him and moves back in with her father.
Production.
Writer and director Bertrand Blier declared "Beau Pere," was intended as "an ode to the fair sex and to womanhood in its purest form." It stars Patrick Dewaere, and is one of his last films, as well as Ariel Besse in her first film role. Besse played the character as an "extremely changeable creature, childish one minute and precocious the next."
Reception.
The film had a total of 1,197,816 admissions in France. The subject matter of an adult having sex with a minor caused the film to be shunned by film distributors in the US for over a year.
The film has received positive reviews, with Rotten Tomatoes counting four favourable reviews out of five. The "Chicago Reader" observes similarities to "Lolita" and says "Beau Pere" "has enough of Blier's customary taboo-busting vigor to provide a reasonably unsettling good time." In his "2002 Movie & Video Guide", Leonard Maltin gives the film three and a half stars and calls it thoughtful and sensitive. Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" wrote in 1981 that despite the objectionable subject matter, "Mr. Blier tells this story very gently, with as much attention to the humor of the situation as to its eroticism." James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" credits the film with a "provocative script featuring well-defined characters and a pair of powerful performances." "People" calls the film convincing and touching, and in spite of the topic, not pornographic. Conversely, "New York" called the film "heavy-handed and sluggish."
"Beau Pere" tied with "Taxi zum Klo" in winning the 1981 Boston Society of Film Critics Award for best foreign language film. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984147" title="Cohn's irreducibility criterion">
Cohn's irreducibility criterion

Arthur Cohn's irreducibility criterion is a sufficient condition for a polynomial to be irreducible in —that is, for it to be unfactorable into the product of lower-degree polynomials with integer coefficients.
The criterion is often stated as follows:
The theorem can be generalized to other bases as follows:
The base-10 version of the theorem attributed to Cohn by Pólya and Szegő in one of their books while the generalization to any base, 2 or greater, is due to Brillhart, Filaseta, and Odlyzko.
In 2002, Ram Murty gave a simplified proof as well as some history of the theorem in a paper that is available online.
The converse of this criterion is that, if "p" is an irreducible polynomial with integer coefficients that have greatest common divisor 1, then there exists a base such that the coefficients of "p" form the representation of a prime number in that base; this is the Bunyakovsky conjecture and its truth or falsity remains an open question.

</doc>
<doc id="5984150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984150" title="Buchanhaven">
Buchanhaven

Buchanhaven is a village within the town of Peterhead in the district of Buchan, Aberdeenshire, in northeastern Scotland. It is one mile north of Peterhead town centre, and near to the mouth of the river Ugie. It has its own school, Buchanhaven Primary School, which caters for children in Buchanhaven and the nearby Waterside estate. It is also the home of Buchanhaven Hearts F.C.
The village was extended by the third Laird of Pitfour in 1796.
Harbour.
Buchanhaven houses a small harbour with several boats. The harbour is owned by the Feuars Managers, but it is under the control of the Buchanhaven Harbour Committee. The committee consists of six members all of whom must be boat owners. Each member sits on the committee for three years before he has to be re-elected; two members are re-elected each year at the Annual General Meeting. 
The pier was built in 19th Century; it replaced a smaller, earlier pier built a few hundreds yards to the north. A diesel cable winch is situated at the top of the pier for the purpose of hauling boats from the slipway to the shore and vice-versa. The harbour has a total capacity of 18 boats, although only about half of those berths are used each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5984167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984167" title="Polish Fest">
Polish Fest

Polish Fest is an annual ethnic festival held at the Henry Maier Festival Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. One of the largest Polish festivals in the United States, it attracts Polish Americans from all over Wisconsin and nearby Chicago, who come to celebrate Polish culture through music, food and entertainment.
The event, along with Summerfest and many ethnic and cultural festivals held throughout the city, give Milwaukee the nickname "City of Festivals."
History.
By 1905, Polish Milwaukeeans were the community's second-largest ethnic group, second only to the Germans. The community built a permanent center for social and cultural promotion, and the Polish Center of Wisconsin was opened in Franklin, Wisconsin, in August 2000.
Since 1999, Polish Fest has featured the Chopin Youth Piano Competition for non-professional pianists in two age divisions, the Senior Division for ages 15 to 18, and the Junior Division for ages 14 and under.
Polish Fest celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5984170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984170" title="Geoff Walsh">
Geoff Walsh

Geoffrey David Walsh AO is an Australian political adviser.
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School and La Trobe University, Walsh worked as a journalist for the "Border Mail", "Herald Sun", "The Age" and "The Australian Financial Review" before serving as an advisor to Australian Labor Party politicians Bob Hawke and Paul Keating during their terms as Prime Minister of Australia. He became a diplomat, working for the International Labour Organization in the United Nations Office at Geneva and later as the Australia Consul-General to Hong Kong. He then worked as the National Secretary of the Australian Labor Party and spent over two years as a government relations consultant.
In 2005, he was made an Officer of the Order of Australia, "for service to politics as National Secretary of the Australian Labor Party and to the community in the areas of tertiary education and promoting closer ties between Australia and Hong Kong".
Walsh was appointed Chief of Staff to Victorian Premier Steve Bracks in September 2006. He is currently a special advisor to Marius Kloppers, the CEO of BHP Billiton, having previously been the company's director of public affairs.
Geoff Walsh is also an Ambassador of the Australian Indigenous Education Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="5984188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984188" title="Peter Eyre">
Peter Eyre

Peter Eyre (born 11 March 1942) is an American-born English actor.
Eyre was born in New York City, New York, the son of Dorothy Pelline (née Acton) and Edward Joseph Eyre, a banker. He was sent to a public school in England at the age of twelve, and has been based in the country ever since. Although offered a place at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art at the age of only 18, he studied acting in Paris. His distinguished career in the theatre includes work with the Old Vic (where he made his professional debut), the Royal Shakespeare Company, and the Royal National Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="5984193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984193" title="La Joya Independent School District">
La Joya Independent School District

La Joya Independent School District is a school district headquartered in La Joya, Texas, United States.
The La Joya Independent School District, located in the western portion of Hidalgo County, Texas consist of more than stretching west of Mission (small portions of Mission are in LJISD) to Sullivan City, including the smaller communities of La Joya, Palmview, and Penitas. Boundaries extend from the United States border formed by the Rio Grande to the line near McCook.
La Joya ISD also serves other unincorporated communities include Abram-Perezville, Citrus City, Cuevitas, Doffing, Havana, La Homa, Los Ebanos, and Palmview South. In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
The Texas Education Agency's college readiness performance data shows that only 2.4% (31 out of 1288 students) of the graduates of the class of 2010 of the La Joya school district met TEA's average performance criterion on SAT or ACT college admission tests.
History.
In 1993 the district was majority Hispanic, and as of that year, annually 1,000 new students enrolled in the district. Over 3,000 students were enrolled at La Joya High School. In 1992, one elementary had a growth rate of 17% and another had a growth rate of 18%. James E. Garcia of the "Austin American-Statesman" stated that, according to experts, birthrates in La Joya ISD were among the highest in the United States and "and rival those of some undeveloped countries like Bangladesh". Garcia said that many of the new students are born in the district or more there with their parents, while some are Mexican immigrants who are legally and illegally in the United States.
In December 1993, there was a proposal for a new policy stating that all students were required to live with their parents or legal guardians so that the increasing enrollment trends would be reduced. Garcia stated that the school board was "expected" to approve the measure on Tuesday December 14, 1993, and that few of the district residents expressed opposition. Garcia wrote "While hundreds of students could be denied admission under the policy change, the proposal appears to be drawing more interest from educators and others statewide than within the school district's boundaries." Officials from the Texas Education Agency (TEA) believed that the district was violating state law by doing this. Groups favoring more rights for immigrants argued that the district was trying to prevent Mexican migrants from enrolling. Garcia stated that other school districts along the Texas-Mexico border were trying to determine if such a policy was workable.
UIL District Alignment.
2014-2016 District 30-6A.
The new UIL realignment changed the classifications of high schools in the State of Texas. High schools, based on enrollment numbers, are divided into classifications and districts, with 6A schools being the larger schools (enrollment of 2100+). La Joya ISD will have all three comprehensive high schools in the new 6A classification, and will once again join the three McAllen ISD schools, along with long-time rival Mission CISD's Mission High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5984199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984199" title="Shmustar">
Shmustar

Shmustar, also spelled Shmistar () is a Lebanese town located in the province of Baalbek, located between Baalbeck and Zahleh, lean to the eastern slope of Mount Sannine, the fact that those eternal friendship between them and the morning sun, those that damage the walls of their homes with warmth and serenity.
Shmustar indicate that relationship compiled by fellow farmers sun trail. Sun companion fused with the so Pat name one, and they said the name it's sunny mountain, and said that the meaning of her name is the Eye of the Sun, and told much about her name until she was told the village opposite the sun.
Away from Beirut about 75 km and from Baalbek 21 km, and above sea level at 1250 m and overlooks the Bekaa Valley. Characterized by nerve which prints the spirit of its people character relative peace compared to its environment, also helped the spread of her family in the various homelands world in the culture of its people coloring color openness and Babdaathm in various fields.

</doc>
<doc id="5984204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984204" title="Ripponlea, Victoria">
Ripponlea, Victoria

Ripponlea is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 7 km south east of Melbourne's Central Business District. Its local government area is the City of Port Phillip. At the 2011 Census, Ripponlea had a population of 1,478.
Ripponlea is centred on the intersection of Glen Eira Road and Hotham Street. In terms of its cadastral division, Ripponlea is in the Parish of Prahran, within the County of Bourke.
History.
The suburb is named after Rippon Lea Estate. After the death of Frederick Sargood in 1903, the estate's original owner, some of his property was subdivided to form the current suburb of Ripponlea.
Since 1909, Ripponlea has been the site of Caulfield Grammar School's senior school. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Ripponlea television studios were built in 1954 on land compulsorily acquired from the Rippon Lea Estate, by the Victorian State Government.
Transport.
Ripponlea has the Ripponlea railway station, located on the Sandringham Line.

</doc>
<doc id="5984213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984213" title="Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge">
Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge

Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge or Semantan Bridge is the longest highway bridge in the East Coast Expressway network. It bridges the Pahang River in Pahang, Malaysia. This bridge was opened when the East Coast Expressway was built. It crosses the Pahang River, the longest river in west Malaysia. At the entrance of the bridge there are 2 elephant trunks which symbolize Pahang. There also many colorful lights around this bridge. This bridge was opened by Sultan of Pahang, Sultan Ahmad Shah on 22 April 2004. Near the bridge is the Temerloh Rest and Service Area "(both bound)".

</doc>
<doc id="5984215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984215" title="Salsoul Jam 2000">
Salsoul Jam 2000

Salsoul Jam 2000 (Dance Your Ass Off) is a DJ mix album by Grandmaster Flash. It was originally released in the US in 1997, and was his first release in nine years. The album consists of classic disco tracks originally released on the Salsoul Records label, mixed and segued together as a continuous DJ mix in front of a live crowd.
The album saw its first European release in 2003 with new artwork and retitled as "Mixing Bullets and Firing Joints". The eight page booklet also featured a new essay by Quinton Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="5984222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984222" title="Cry Uncle!">
Cry Uncle!

Cry Uncle! (also American Oddballs and Superdick) is a 1971 film in the Troma library. It is directed by John G. Avildsen and stars Allen Garfield. The story, based on the Michael Brett novel "Lie a Little, Die a Little", follows the misadventures of a slobbish private detective who is hired by a millionaire to investigate a murder. The movie features one of Paul Sorvino's first screen performances, and an early appearance from TV star Debbie Morgan.
The film features a great deal of nudity, sex, drug use, and an explicit act of necrophilia. The film was banned in Finland for the year following its release, and in Norway until 2003. In addition to becoming a cult classic, the film launched a string of Troma films that appeared in the 1970s, 80s, and 90s, many of them becoming cult films that would run on cable TV.
Plot.
The story follows a detective who takes on a murder case, complicated by a diverse group of suspects and a lot of sexual situations.
Cast.
Lloyd Kaufman, co-founder of Troma, has a cameo appearance as a hippie.
Reception.
During an interview featured in the Special Edition of the film's DVD, Allen Garfield claims that "Cry Uncle!" is Oliver Stone's favorite comedy. The film would be liked by moviegoers and would become a cult classic.

</doc>
<doc id="5984229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984229" title="Captain Kirk Douglas">
Captain Kirk Douglas

"Captain" Kirk Douglas (born September 30, 1972) is an American guitarist who plays with the hip hop band The Roots.
Equipment.
Guitars.
On "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", Douglas mainly uses a Gibson CS-356, a black custom Gibson Les Paul, or a custom Gibson SG. He owns more than fifteen electric guitars, including a Gibson Goldtop (given to him by Vernon Reid), a Gibson Dusk Tiger and his favourite: a '61 Epiphone Crestwood. He also owns an acoustic Gibson J-200 and a Gibson Hummingbird. In honor of what would have been Roy Orbison's 75th birthday, Kirk played Orbison's signature Gibson ES-335 on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", April 25, 2011.
The Crestwood had its headstock broken in March 2013 when Prince threw it in the air following his performance of "Bambi" on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". Prince had admired the guitar (which Douglas had planned to play at a Prince tribute concert) and asked to borrow it for his performance.
Effects & Amplifiers.
When playing with The Roots, Kirk mostly uses various Mesa Boogie amps. Such as the Mesa Boogie Stiletto Ace, with an EL34 tube and the Mesa Boogie Lone Star Special with EL84 tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="5984234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984234" title="Gallic rooster">
Gallic rooster

The Gallic rooster () is an unofficial national symbol of France as a nation, as opposed to Marianne representing France as a State, and its values: the Republic. The rooster is also the symbol of the Wallonia region and the French Community of Belgium. Other heraldic animal officially used by the French nation includes the French Imperial Eagle, symbol of the First French Empire under Napoleon I.
France.
During the times of Ancient Rome, Suetonius, in The Twelve Caesars, noticed that, in Latin, rooster ("gallus") and Gauls ("Gallus") were homonyms. However the association of the Gallic rooster as a national symbol is apocryphal, as the rooster was neither regarded as a national personification nor as a sacred animal by the Gauls in their mythology and because there was no "Gallic nation" at the time, but a loose confederation of Gallic nations instead. But a closer review within that religious scheme tells us that "Mercury" was often portrayed with the cock, a sacred animal among the Continental Celts. Julius Caesar in "De Bello Gallico" identified some gods worshipped in Gaul by using the names of their nearest Roman god rather than their Gaulish name, with Caesar saying "Mercury" was the god most revered in Gaul. The Irish god Lug identified as "samildánach" led to the widespread identification of Caesar's Mercury as Lugus and thus also a sacred cock, the Gallic rooster, an emblem of France.
Its association with France dates back from the Middle Age and is due to the play on words in Latin between "Gallus", meaning an inhabitant of Gaul, and "gallus", meaning rooster, or cockerel. Its use, by the enemies of France, dates to this period, originally a pun to make fun of the French, the association between the rooster and the Gauls/French was developed by the kings of France for the strong Christian symbol that the rooster represents : prior to being arrested, Jesus predicted that Peter would deny him three times before the rooster crowed on the following morning. At the rooster's crowing, Peter remembered Jesus's words. Its crowing at the dawning of each new morning made it a symbol of the daily victory of light over darkness and the triumph of good over evil. It is also an emblem of the Christian's attitude of watchfulness and readiness for the sudden return of Christ, the resurrection of the dead, and the final judgment of humankind. That is why, during the Renaissance, the rooster became a symbol of France as a Catholic state and became a popular Christian image on weathervanes, also known as weathercocks.
The popularity of the Gallic rooster as a national personification faded away until its resurgence during the French Revolution (1789). The republican historiography completely modified the traditional perception of the origins of France. Until then, the royal historiography dated the origins of France back to the baptism of Clovis I in 496, the "first Christian king of France". The republicans rejected this royalist and Christian origin of the country and trace the origins of France back to the ancient Gaul. Although purely apocryphal, the rooster became the personification of the early inhabitants of France, the Gauls.
The Gallic rooster, colloquially named "Chanteclair", had been a national emblem ever since, especially during the Third French Republic. The rooster was featured on the reverse of French 20-franc gold pieces from 1899 to 1914. After World War I it was depicted on countless war memorials.
Today, it is often used as a national mascot, particularly in sporting events such as football (soccer) and rugby. The 1998 FIFA World Cup, hosted by France, adopted a rooster named Footix as mascot. The French national Australian rules football team in the 2008 Australian Football International Cup is known as the "Coqs" after "le coq gaulois". Additionally, the France national rugby league team are known as the "Chanteclairs" referring to the cockerel's song.
The popularity of the symbol extends into business. "Le Coq Sportif" ("The athletic rooster"), is a French manufacturer of sports equipment using a stylized rooster and the colors of the French tricolour as its logo. Moreover, it is the logo of Pathé, a French-born, now international company of film production and distribution.
Wallonia.
In 1913, the Gallic rooster was adopted as the symbol of Walloon movement. It represents a "bold rooster" ("le coq hardi"), raising its claws, instead of the "singing rooster" that is traditionally depicted in France. This symbol, also known as the Walloon rooster, was officially adopted as the symbol of Wallonia (in 1998) and the French Community of Belgium (in 1991).
Cocorico!
In France and Wallonia, the French onomatopeia for the rooster crowing sound, "Cocorico" ("cock-a-doodle-doo"), is sometimes used to express national pride.

</doc>
<doc id="5984255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984255" title="Miss Universe 1997">
Miss Universe 1997

Miss Universe 1997, the 46th Miss Universe pageant was held in Miami Beach Convention Center in Miami Beach, Florida, USA, culminating in the final competition on May 16, 1997. This was the second consecutive year that the pageant had been held in the USA. Brook Lee of USA was crowned Miss Universe 1997 by Alicia Machado of Venezuela. Seventy-four delegates competed in this year.

</doc>
<doc id="5984258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984258" title="Jane Franklin">
Jane Franklin

Jane, Lady Franklin (4 December 1791 – 18 July 1875) was an early Tasmanian pioneer, traveler and second wife of the explorer John Franklin.
Jane was the second daughter of John Griffin, a liveryman and later a governor of the Goldsmith's Company, and his wife Jane Guillemard. There was Huguenot blood on both sides of her family. She was born in London, where she was raised with her sisters Frances and Mary at the family house, 21 Bedford Place. She was well educated, and her father being well-to-do had her education completed by much travel on the continent. Her portrait painted when she was 24 by Amelie Romilly at Geneva shows her to have been a pretty girl with charm and vivacity. Jane Franklin Hall is a residential college in Hobart, Tasmania, that was named in honour of her.
Marriage to John Franklin.
As a young woman, Jane had been strongly attracted to a London physician and scientist, Dr. Peter Mark Roget. She once said he was the only man who made her swoon. But nothing ever came of their relationship. Jane had been a friend of John Franklin's first wife, Eleanor Anne Porden, who died early in 1825. In 1828, Griffin became engaged to him. They were married on 5 November 1828 and in 1829 he was knighted. During the next three years, she was parted for lengthy periods from her husband who was on service in the Mediterranean. In 1836, he was appointed lieutenant-governor of Tasmania disembarking the immigrant ship "Fairlie" on 6 January 1837.
Relationship with the colonies of Australia.
Lady Franklin at once began to take an interest in the colony and did a good deal of exploring along the southern and western coast. In 1839, Lady Franklin became the first European woman to travel overland between Port Phillip and Sydney. In April that year, she visited the new settlement at Melbourne, where she received an address signed by 63 of the leading citizens which referred to her "character for kindness, benevolence and charity". With her husband, she encouraged the founding of secondary schools for both boys and girls; including Christ's College. In 1841, she visited South Australia and persuaded the governor, Colonel George Gawler, to set aside some ground overlooking Spencer Gulf for a monument to Matthew Flinders. This was set up later in the year. In 1841-42, she was the first European woman to travel overland from Hobart to Macquarie Harbour.
She had much correspondence with Elizabeth Fry about the female convicts, and did what she could to ameliorate their lot. She was accused of using undue influence with her husband in his official acts but there is no evidence of this. No doubt he was glad to have her help in solving his problems, and probably they collaborated in the founding of the scientific society which afterwards developed into the Royal Society of Tasmania. When Franklin was recalled at the end of 1843, they went first to Melbourne by the schooner "Flying Fish" and then to England by way of New Zealand on board the barque "Rajah". 
Their popularity was such in the Australian colonies that when it was learned that Lady Franklin was organising an expedition using the auxiliary steamship "Isabel" in 1852, subscriptions were taken up and those in Van Diemens Land alone totalled £1671 13/4.
Following the disappearance of her husband.
Her husband started on his last voyage in May 1845, and when it was realized that he must have come to disaster, Lady Franklin devoted herself for many years to trying to ascertain his fate. 
Lady Franklin sponsored seven expeditions to find her husband or his records (two of which failed to reach the Arctic):
By means of sponsorship, use of influence and by offering sizeable rewards for information about him, she instigated or supported many other searches. Her efforts made the expedition's fate one of the most vexed questions of the decade. Ultimately evidence was found by Francis McClintock in 1859 that Sir John had died twelve years previously in 1847. Prior accounts had suggested that, in the end, the expedition had turned to cannibalism to survive, but Lady Franklin refused to believe these stories and poured scorn on explorer John Rae, who had in fact been the first person to return with definite news of her husband's fate.
Although McClintock had found conclusive evidence that Sir John Franklin and his fellow expeditioners were dead, Lady Franklin remained convinced that their written records might remain buried in a cache in the Arctic. She shared this opinion with fellow expedition sponsor Henry Grinnell of New York, and the two corresponded regularly. She provided moral and some financial support for some later expeditions that planned to seek the records, including those of William Parker Snow and Charles Francis Hall in the 1860s. Finally, in 1874 she joined forces with Allen Young to purchase and fit out the former steam gunboat HMS "Pandora" to undertake another expedition to the region around Prince of Wales Island. The expedition left London in June 1875, but Lady Franklin herself died in London on 18 July 1875. At her funeral on 29 July, the pall-bearers included Captains McClintock, Collinson and Ommanney, R.N., while many other "Old Arctics" engaged in the Franklin searches were also in attendance. The "Pandora" expedition returned in December, unsuccessful, as ice prevented her from passing west of the Franklin Strait.
Lady Franklin was a woman of unusual character and personality. One of the earliest women in Tasmania who had had the full benefit of education and cultural surroundings, she was both an example and a force, and set a new standard in ways of living to the more prosperous settlers who were now past the stage of merely struggling for a living. Her determined efforts, in connection with which she spent a great deal of her own money to discover the fate of her husband, incidentally added much to the world's knowledge of the arctic regions. 
Lady Franklin herself travelled to Out Stack, the northernmost of the British isles, to get as close as she could to her missing husband. 
From soon after her husband sailed on his final voyage until shortly before her own death, Lady Franklin herself travelled extensively around the world, generally accompanied by her husband's niece Sophia Cracroft, who remained her secretary and companion until her death. Most of Lady Franklin's surviving papers are held by the Scott Polar Research Institute.
The ballad "Lady Franklin's Lament" commemorated Lady Franklin's search for her lost husband. It was said: 'What the nation would not do, a woman did'.
The Lady Franklin Museum is a classical temple built by Lady Franklin in 1842, and named Ancanthe, 'blooming valley'. Wife of Lt-Governor Franklin, Lady Franklin was shocked at Tasmania's lack of cultural institutions, and colonists' indifference. She built the temple as a museum, and left in trust to ensure the continuance of what she hoped would become the focus of the colony's cultural aspirations. A century of apathy and forsaken duty by the administrators of the Anglican Church and the city of Hobart followed, with the museum used as an apple shed among other functions; but in 1949 it was made the home of the Art Society of Tasmania, who rescued the building. In its arcadian setting at Lenah Valley, it sits like a 'tiny Temple of Athene' – at once ineffable and enchanting.
On 29 October 2009 a special service of thanksgiving was held in the chapel at the Old Royal Naval College in Greenwich, to accompany the rededication of the national monument to Sir John Franklin there. The service also included the solemn re-interment of the remains of Lieutenant Henry Thomas Dundas Le Vesconte, the only remains ever repatriated to England, entombed within the monument in 1873. The event brought together members of the international polar community and invited guests included polar travelers, photographers and authors and descendants of Franklin, Captain Francis Rawdon Moira Crozier and their men, and the families of those who went to search for them, including Admiral Sir Francis Leopold McClintock, Rear Admiral Sir John Ross and Vice Admiral Sir Robert McClure among many others. The gala was directed by the Rev Jeremy Frost and polar historian Dr Huw Lewis-Jones and was organised by Polarworld and the High Commission of Canada to the United Kingdom. It was a celebration of the contributions made by the United Kingdom in the charting of the Canadian North, which honoured the loss of life in the pursuit of geographical discovery. The Navy was represented by Admiral Nick Wilkinson, prayers were led by the Bishop of Woolwich and among the readings were eloquent tributes from Duncan Wilson, chief executive of the Greenwich Foundation and H.E. James Wright, the Canadian High Commissioner. At a private drinks reception in the Painted Hall which followed this Arctic service, Chief Marine Archaeologist for Parks Canada Robert Grenier spoke of his ongoing search for the missing expedition ships. The following day a group of polar authors went to London's Kensal Green Cemetery to pay their respects to the Arctic explorers buried there. After some difficulty, McClure's gravestone was located. It is hoped that his memorial, in particular, may be conserved in the future. Many other veterans of the searches for Franklin are buried there, including Admiral Sir Horatio Thomas Austin, Admiral Sir George Back, Admiral Sir Edward Augustus Inglefield, Admiral Bedford Clapperton Trevelyan Pim, and Admiral Sir John Ross. Lady Franklin, is also interred at Kensal Green in the vault, and commemorated on a marble cross dedicated to her niece Sophia Cracroft.
See also.
Mount Lady Jane Franklin, a hill near Barnawartha in Northern Victoria, climbed by Lady Jane on her trip from Port Phillip to Sydney in 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="5984261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984261" title="The Official Adventures of Grandmaster Flash">
The Official Adventures of Grandmaster Flash

The Official Adventures of Grandmaster Flash is a DJ mix album by Grandmaster Flash and was released in January 2002. It is a mix album consisting of interview snippets, newly recorded old school hip hop mixes, live Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five segments and four other tracks by various artists that were popular in Flash's early DJ repertoire.
The enclosed 36-page colour booklet contains an extensive and detailed history of Grandmaster Flash, with many photos and interviews with the characters involved and was written by Frank Broughton and Bill Brewster (authors of Last Night a DJ Saved My Life).

</doc>
<doc id="5984270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984270" title="Sierra Point">
Sierra Point

Sierra Point is the name of several locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5984280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984280" title="Sign-value notation">
Sign-value notation

A sign-value notation represents numbers by a series of numeric signs that added together equal the number represented. In Roman numerals for example, X means ten and L means fifty. Hence LXXX means eighty (50 + 10 + 10 + 10). There is no need for zero in sign-value notation. Sign-value notation was the pre-historic way of writing numbers and only gradually evolved into place-value notation, also known as positional notation. 
When pre-historic people wanted to write "two sheep" in clay, they could inscribe in clay a picture of two sheep. But this would be impractical when they wanted to write "twenty sheep". In Mesopotamia they used small clay tokens to represent a number of a specific commodity, and strung the tokens like beads on a string, which were used for accounting. There was a token for one sheep and a token for ten sheep, and a different token for ten goats, etc. To ensure that nobody could alter the number and type of tokens, they invented a clay envelope shaped like a hollow ball into which the tokens on a string were placed and then baked. If anybody contested the number, they could break open the clay envelope and do a recount. To avoid unnecessary damage to the record, they pressed archaic number signs on the outside of the envelope before it was baked, each sign similar in shape to the tokens they represented. Since there was seldom any need to break open the envelope, the signs on the outside became the first written language for writing numbers in clay, using sign-value notation.

</doc>
<doc id="5984283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984283" title="P'tite fleur aimée">
P'tite fleur aimée

P'tite fleur aimée (also known as P'tite fleur fanée), is the best known song from the island of Réunion. While "La Marseillaise" is the official national anthem, "P'tite fleur aimée" is considered an unofficial local anthem.
The text is written in Réunion Creole by Georges Fourcade and the music is by Jules Fossy.

</doc>
<doc id="5984306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984306" title="Thomas Forrester">
Thomas Forrester

Thomas Hamilton Forrester is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful". He was most recently portrayed by Adam Gregory from 2010 to 2013. The character was previously played by Drew Tyler Bell from 2004 to 2010 ; Bell earned a Daytime Emmy as Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series.
Character creation.
Casting.
Between 1998 and 2001, the character of Thomas was played by various child actors. From January 15, 2002 to August 4, 2003 (on a recurring basis), child actor Patrick Dorn was the first non-twin child actors duo to play Thomas. From 2004 to 2005, Drew Tyler Bell began playing Thomas on a contract. He shifted to a recurring character from 2005 to 2009, and was on contract from 2009 to 2010. He won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series in 2008. In 2010, it was announced that Bell had been dropped from the part, and that Adam Gregory was to take over the role. In December 2013, following Gregory's decreased screen time and removal from the opening credits, fans began to speculate that Gregory was let go from the series. Gregory and a rep for the series confirmed he was dropped to recurring to pursue other acting jobs. A rep for the series confirmed, "Adam is recurring. [...] And, he has more scenes to tape later this week." 
Character and personality.
The character is described "As the extremely attractive and charming heir of Forrester Creations" and "this wide-eyed prodigy is a visionary and famed designer in the making, fully aware that the eyes of the fashion world, as well as every single girl in town, are fixated on his every move". There was brief speculation that the character was going gay; however this was never a storyline. Bell has stated that this new Thomas will become an exact replica of how his father Ridge Forrester was when he was a young playboy at the beginning of the show. 
Background.
Thomas is the son of supercouple Ridge Forrester (Ronn Moss) and Taylor Hamilton Forrester (Hunter Tylo). He has two twin sisters, Phoebe (MacKenzie Mauzy) and Steffy (Jacqueline MacInnes Wood) and a half-brother, R. J. Forrester from his father's marriage to Brooke Logan Forrester (Katherine Kelly Lang).
He is the oldest grandson of Massimo Marone and Stephanie Douglas Forrester. Despite being born on-screen in January 1998, in 2011, it was revealed that Thomas was born in 1987. This would mean his current age is 26 as of 2013.
Character arc.
Conception, birth and childhood.
When Dr. Taylor Forrester, Thomas' mother, discovered the pregnancy, she attempted to tell Ridge Forrester (his father) in a joyous mood. However once she saw him being seduced by the seductive Brooke Logan once again she nearly lost the baby due to stress. So that Ridge could be happy with Brooke, Taylor told everyone (and Brooke was in on this lie as well) that Thorne Forrester, Ridge's brother, was the father. Shortly after Thomas's birth Taylor saw the unmistakable bond between Ridge and her baby and realized that Ridge wasn't in love at the time to Brooke, so she confessed to Ridge that he was the father. She explained the reasons she went along with the deception. Furious with Brooke, Ridge was overjoyed and declared his love for Taylor and proposed to her and they were then married. Shortly after Thomas, Taylor and Ridge had twins, Steffy and Phoebe At long last, Taylor and Ridge had the child they had always wanted. Thomas' childhood was far from easy, at a young age his sister Steffy was thought to be dead, however was kidnapped. Also, his mother, Taylor was presumed dead in 2002 after being shot by Sheila Carter defending Brooke. After Taylor's death, much to the early dismay of Thomas and his sisters, Brooke took over as parent for the children and married Ridge.
2004–09.
Thomas, at a teen age now (due to soap opera aging) became involved with intern Caitlin Ramirez (Kayla Ewell), who was a virgin. Their relationship didn't work out when Rick came into it; Thomas later started a relationship with Amber Moore, who seduced him. The family was livid at the thought of their relationship, due to the age gap and also the fact that Amber seduced Rick Forrester (they married twice, and had a stillborn baby and raised a child together). After much scandal during the process of their relationship involving Ridge and Brooke, they discontinued it.
In the following year, his mother Taylor was discovered to actually be alive. Brooke moved out of the house, her marriage to Ridge was also declared invalid, and the family was reunited. Thomas and Cailtin reunited later; however their relationship was torn apart again by Thomas' strong friendship with illegal immigrant Gabriela "Gaby" Moreno (Shanelle Workman). In order to help Gaby stay in the country, Thomas married her. When Ridge and Taylor found out, they were divided by it. Ridge wanted the marriage annulled immediately, while Taylor was more accepting of the relationship. She allowed the couple to move into the Forrester mansion, as long as they didn't have sex at the family home. Despite this, they gave into temptations and had sex, later exposed by Phoebe, who found a condom wrapper. Taylor was enraged, and confessed the partly fake union to the immigration department. Taylor and Gaby's bitter rivalry came to an end when it was revealed that Taylor had gone to great lengths to keep her in the country, and succeeded. Gaby realized that Taylor had been right about the marriage and agreed to end it. After his and Gaby's marriage was annulled, Gaby left town. Ridge and Taylor also broke up their marriage after Taylor's sleeping with a man named James Warwick was revealed. Taylor becomes a drinker, and accidentally kills Darla Forrester while driving. Thomas left for college, returning regularly for family events. It was later mentioned that Thomas was working at Forrester International for the family company.
2009—.
Thomas returned in 2009. Along with his family, he was deeply crushed by the death of his sister, Phoebe Forrester, and blamed Rick (who was driving the car that killed her). He was livid when Steffy and Rick were involved with one another. When Rick's life was being threatened, a search for the truth occurred. It was revealed that Thomas (wanting revenge on Rick) was the person who blew up Rick's car and started a fire at his home. His parents kept his criminal attempts against Rick's life a secret, protecting their son. Rick eventually finds out. He initially wants Thomas to go to Jail, but holds off as none of the Forrester Family members tried to incriminate him for the death of Phoebe. Rick asks that he get Steffy in return. The family agrees to this, but unhappy. Thomas began counseling with James Warwick. Ridge's later hatred of Rick (who "is" the woman he loves, Brooke's son) nearly destroys their relationship. Also that year, he and Steffy manipulated Brooke (by pretending to be Ridge in text messages) to keep the wedding between Taylor and Ridge from falling apart. Taylor and Ridge briefly reunited, but he returned to Brooke after. He leaves for Paris, France to continue to work with Forrester International.
Thomas returns from Forrester International overseas in Paris, France and is unaware of the complete changes that have been occurring after he left California. When Thomas learns that Taylor gave her 25 percent shares in the company (which she earned earlier that year when Steffy re-handed out the stock to Ridge, Taylor, Stephanie and Eric), he was extremely angry as he was the older child. To keep Thomas at ease, he was made the Vice-President of the company. Thomas lashes out at his mother Taylor for creating a monster out of Steffy by giving her all of his stock and accuses Steffy of becoming a tyrant. Thomas goes against the company's wishes to let Brooke leave it for a while (as she recently had a scandal which saw her have sex with her daughter Hope Logan's boyfriend Oliver), just to spite Taylor and Steffy. He also believes the scandal will die down as it has done before in the past but bringing Brooke back in the forefront will only cause the scandal to become much more of a focused topic in the media.
In late 2010 (Thomas is now played by Adam Gregory), Thomas develops his own fashion line, "Taboo". It involves himself and Brooke as main public promotional workers. To create a stir (as advised by Whip Jones, Taylor's husband), he kisses Brooke on stage after a fashion show. This causes a huge buzz, but also makes the Taboo line one of Forrester Creation's most successful lines (matching up to that of Brooke's Bedroom Line). He said he claimed it had attracted the audience who were getting tired of the same old thing. Taylor however (knowing Brooke's track record of being involved with every Forrester man except Thomas) is very angry. Thomas refuses to apologize to Ridge for kissing his stepmother and tells Taylor and Ridge it was just a business move to keep the reporters interested since "Hope for the Future" (by Hope Logan) was coming very close to outshining his men's designs. However, Thomas in fact does have an attraction to Brooke. Taylor accuses Brooke of trying to get closer to Thomas. While travelling on a Jett to Paris, Thomas kisses Brooke while she is sleeping. Ridge nearly cuts the Taboo line (despite the success) however keeps it.
Thomas and Brooke end up in a plane crash when they go to promote the Taboo line oversees. They end up stranded, their bodies washed ashore. The whole family are stressing out, and go on an antagonizing search across the seas for them. Brooke engulfs poisonous berries on the island after they have gone two to three days without food and gives some to Thomas. It caused them to dream weird and imagine themselves in an odd dream world. Ridge comes to the rescue of Brooke and his son. Both Thomas and Brooke wonder what happened on the Island, as they experienced weird feelings after eating the berries (they possibly considered that they had sex). Stephanie (always wanting to get rid of Brooke from the family) tells Thomas to lie to everyone and say that he and Brooke had sex on the island, so that Ridge would leave Brooke for Taylor. As Taylor and Ridge are about to get married, Stephanie and Thomas reveal the whole truth (which was eating Thomas alive). Thomas' girlfriend Dayzee (who encouraged him to tell the truth, knowing about the scandal) left him after that. The whole family find it hard to forgive him, but Taylor does and blames Stephanie for the incident. Ridge and Brooke don't forgive Thomas for this, and move him to the Shipping Department of Forrester Creations. Thomas later begins a relationship with Hope (his adoptive step-sister). She was previously in a relationship with Liam Spencer who is now married to his younger sister Steffy. They share a kiss and begin to date, and he proposes to Hope in Mexico she briefly accepts by saying 'its too soon now, but maybe someday it will happen.' After finding out that Thomas had been encouraged to date her by Steffy in order to keep Hope away from Liam, Hope breaks up with Thomas, leaving him hurt because he genuinely wanted to be with Hope.
Thomas meets the new designer at Forrester Creations, Caroline Spencer, whom Brooke had hired in order to set her up with Rick. However, Thomas catches Caroline's attention, and they go out on a date. They even kiss while they dance. Thomas and Caroline grow closer, and when she introduces him to her mother Karen, and Karen's partner Danielle, Thomas is at first surprised by Caroline's family situation but accepts it and supports it, which Caroline appreciates and they continue their relationship. Thomas and Caroline begin to get serious, even though Rick is interested in Caroline and intends to steal her away from Thomas. The relationship intensifies as they both spend more time together. However, Caroline is soon jealous of Thomas' ex-girlfriend Hope, who suddenly (thanks to Rick) is single. The chemistry between Hope and Thomas start stirring up trouble for Caroline and Thomas' relationship which Rick starts taking advantage of, by instigating Caroline's jealousy towards Thomas' ex flame Hope Logan.
Ridge names Thomas iterm CEO of Forrester Creations, instead of Rick, and Caroline begins to side with Rick against Thomas. Rick falls out of a window and accuses Thomas of pushing him and Caroline breaks up with Thomas. Rick taunts Thomas over Caroline dating him instead of Thomas and Thomas retaliates by using his position as interim CEO to work closely with Caroline and reassigns Rick to work with Hope on her Hope For the Future Line. Thomas comes up with a new plan to attract new and younger customers to Forrester Creations but Rick disagrees while Caroline is like's Thomas' ideas and Thomas agreess to donate some of the profits from the new line to Caroline's cancer research foundation. Caroline's feelings for Thomas resurface and they kiss. Hope sees the kiss and tells Caroline not to use her past relationship and feelings for Thomas in order to get ahead in the company. When Thomas' grandmother Stephanie Forrester dies and in a recorded DVD reveals that a legal loophole allowed her to change her will and give her 25% of Forrester Creations she put in an irrevocal trust for Thomas to Eric instead. This makes Eric CEO and ends Thomas and Steffy's plan to take majority control of Forrester Creations and Eric announces a fashion showdown between Rick, Caroline, and Hope and Thomas and Steffy and the winner will be Eric's protege. Rick and Thomas face off on the catwalk and the winners, chosen by Eric, are Rick, Hope, and Caroline. Eric then names Rick as the new president of Forrester Creations, making Thomas furious.
Thomas' mother Taylor begins an affair with Eric and uses this to get Eric to make Thomas Vice President. Rick is angered by this but Eric orders Rick to include Thomas on everything at Forrester Creations and to work with him despite their differences. Rick begins spending most of his time at Dayzee's with Maya. The first quarter numbers come in and they are terrible due to Rick's ideas. Rick is not present at the meeting and Thomas uses this to convince Eric to support Thomas' idea of going into new trends but during his presentation Brooke comes out in her lingerie and convinces Eric to relaunch the highly successful Brooke's Bedroom, which he does much to the dismay of Thomas, Steffy, and Taylor. Thomas was said to have joined Steffy, Taylor and Ridge in Paris during fall 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5984307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984307" title="Microsoft Private Folder">
Microsoft Private Folder

Microsoft Private Folder was a product (withdrawn and discontinued shortly after its first release) created by a Microsoft employee and available as part of their "Windows Genuine Advantage" program. It allowed users to protect private data in a password protected folder called 'My Private Folder' in the user's account.
The software runs only on Windows XP and is blocked due to "compatibility reasons" under Windows Vista and later.
Usage.
Microsoft Private Folder created a single folder on the user's desktop which, when opened for the first time, prompted the user to assign it a password. Every subsequent time the folder was opened, the user had to re-enter the same password to gain access. While the core implementation details of this service are not public, it is assumed that "Private Folder" used strong encryption with a key based solely on this password to secure the data contained in the folder. This is in contrast to Microsoft's Encrypting File System, where encryption is tied to a keypair which can be made accessible to IT staff.
Private Folder used a system service called "prfldrsvc" (display name: Private Folder Service), the function of which is not yet publicly known.

</doc>
<doc id="5984310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984310" title="Jay Bernstein">
Jay Bernstein

Jay Bernstein (June 7, 1937 – April 30, 2006) was an American producer and manager to actors like Sammy Davis Jr. and Michael Landon, and to actresses Farrah Fawcett and Suzanne Somers.
Career.
Born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Bernstein moved to California after graduating from Pomona College. He worked in the mail room of the William Morris Agency before working for
Rogers & Cowan, the industry's largest PR company, founded by Henry Rogers and Warren Cowan. Bernstein founded his own agency in 1962 and later produced the television series "Bring 'Em Back Alive", "Mike Hammer", and "Houston Knights". He also produced several television movies and the film "Nothing Personal" (1980) starring Suzanne Somers.
On April 30, 2006, Bernstein died after suffering a stroke at age 68.
Bernstein married late in life and was survived by a wife and one child.

</doc>
<doc id="5984311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984311" title="Tun Datu Mustapha Memorial">
Tun Datu Mustapha Memorial

Tun Datu Mustapha Memorial is the Sabah's state memorial. The memorial was built near the Mat Salleh's fort in Tambunan, Malaysia. It was erected by Sabah state government on 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5984315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984315" title="Mary Bell to Utaō!">
Mary Bell to Utaō!


</doc>
<doc id="5984317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984317" title="CCSDS 122.0-B-1">
CCSDS 122.0-B-1

CCSDS 122.0-B-1 is a CCSDS Lossless to Lossy Image compression standard released on November 2005.
This CCSDS standard is a discrete wavelet transform (DWT) transform coder followed by a Rice encoder & a Bitplane encoder 
on the similar lines as Embedded Zerotree Wavelet by Shapiro.
Encoder.
CCSDS 122.0-B-1 is a "3 Level 2D-DWT" using a biorthogonal 9/7 (LPF/HPF) tap filters, followed by a bit-plane encoder. It has some design commonalities with ICER and JPEG2000 that use similar wavelet coding schemes.
The encoder can use either floating point or Integer DWT. Integer DWT is the lossless coding scheme, while the floating point DWT contributes to the lossy scheme.
Lesser known features
9/7 INTEGER TRANSFORM
Known flaws.
In the encoder's current form an image pixel dynamic range of up to 16 bits is supported, whereas ICER and JPEG2000 support 24 and 32 bitplanes.
This compression format is sensitive to bit corruption in the deep space channel, but it is unclear if this sensitivity is greater than ICER or JPEG2000.
The effects of a single bit error can propagate to corrupt reconstructed image data to the end of the
affected segment. Measures must be taken to minimize the number of potential bit errors on the transmission link.
There is a known partial fix, but it is not mandatory.
In case the encoded bitstream is to be transmitted over a CCSDS space link, several protocols that have built in error correction and detection can be used to transfer the sequence of segments (the highest coding level in this image format).
Lack of updates to the standard are also a problem, as the last revision to the encoder was in November 2005. Unlike ICER that has been used in products and projects outside the space agencies, this image compression system has no history of use outside the space agencies.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5984323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984323" title="Rajat Kapoor">
Rajat Kapoor

Rajat Kapoor () is an Indian actor, writer and director born in 1961. 
Kapoor was born in Delhi, India. As a teenager he would watch films with his family and decided to become a filmmaker at the age of 14. He mainly focused on acting at first. In 1983 he joined the theatre group Chingari in Delhi, later moving to Pune to attend the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII).
Kapoor started out in Parallel Cinema making his debut in the 1989 Kumar Shahani film "Khayal Gatha". When he had trouble finding acting jobs in the 1990s, Kapoor began writing and directing shorts. He made his full length directorial debut with "Private Detective: Two Plus Two Plus One" (1997), which had Irrfan Khan and Naseeruddin Shah in minor roles. In 2001, Kapoor got his big mainstream break in "Dil Chahta Hai", which starred Aamir Khan, as uncle of Preity Zinta's character. He received international attention in Mira Nair's "Monsoon Wedding" in which he played an abusive uncle. Since then, he has written, directed and appeared in many critically acclaimed films including "Corporate", "Bheja Fry", and also as Muhammad Ali Jinnah in a UK television film "The Last Days Of The Raj" in 2007. In 2003, he wrote and directed the independent film "Raghu Romeo" which he financed by sending e-mail requests for money to his friends. Although it was not a box office success, the film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi. Kapoor then directed and starred in "Mixed Doubles", a film that deals with Swinging in contemporary Mumbai. He was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor for "Siddharth: The Prisoner" at the 2008 Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In the year 2010, he has also starred in a Bengali movie Iti Mrinalini opposite Konkona Sen directed by acclaimed Bengali film writer Aparna Sen. Kapoor frequently collaborates with actors Vinay Pathak and Ranvir Shorey. 
He is also a three time National Award winner, first for his 26 minute non-feature documentary, "Tarana", then for his short, "Hypnothesis", and after that for Raghu Romeo in "Best Feature Film in Hindi" section.
He hosts the tri-weekly chat show "Lounge" telecasted by NDTV Good Times.
He also worked in Rishtey (TV series) which was aired on Zee TV during 1999-2001 like 'Milan'(one of the episode).
He also played some roles in Kabhie Kabhie (2003 TV series) like Agnipariksha, Vansh and Amar Prem which was telecast on zee tv itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5984327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984327" title="Mustapha bin Harun">
Mustapha bin Harun

Tun Datu Haji Mustapha bin Datu Harun or Tun Mustapha for short, was the first governor of the Malaysian state of Sabah. He was also the third Chief Minister of the state from 1967 to 1975, and was the president for the political party United Sabah National Organization (USNO). He is considered by some to be one of the founding leaders of Sabah and was an important party in the negotiations leading to the formation of Malaysia on September 16, 1963.
He also succeeded in converting a significant number of non-Muslim indigenous people in Sabah into Muslim. The state government recently renamed the Sabah Foundation Building to Tun Mustapha Tower, as a token of appreciation for his contributions to the state.
Tun Mustapha is of a Bajau-Suluk origin.
Political life.
Tun Mustapha was not born in anywhere in the Sulu Archipelago. But he is a distant relative of the Sultan of Sulu. He was born in Kampung Limau-limauan, Kudat. He is Suluk-Bajau (Bajau Bannaran /Bajau Kudat and not Bajau Ubian). During World War II, he was wanted by the Japanese forces because of the rebellions he led against them, mainly in Kudat during the Japanese occupation. But when they could not find him, they caught his younger brother and eventually killed him because his brother would not reveal where he was hiding. Albert Kwok invited Tun Mustapha to join in the Jesselton Revolt but he advised Kwok to wait and prepare, saying the time wasn't right for insurrection. However Kwok was forced to launch the revolt ahead of schedule because the Chinese were going to be subjected to conscription by the Japanese. Kwok was joined in the revolt by Suluks and Bajau under Panglima Ali. The revolt failed and the Japanese engaged in large scale massacres of Suluk civilians, including women and children.
He is known to some as the "father of Sabah's independence" and also the "father of Sabah's development". However, he is also considered by many Sabahan opposition leaders who later formed the new party BERJAYA as a dictator and alleged to misappropriated huge sums of money from the state's coffers (primarily through timber concessions) to support his lavish lifestyle.
Mustapha founded the party United Sabah National Organization, better known by the acronym USNO. He, together with Donald Stephens, are often credited as important figures in Sabah in bringing forth Sabah's independence and in the formation of Malaysia in 1963. When Malaysia was formed on September 16, 1963, he became the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri (governor) of Sabah. In the 1967 state election, USNO won, and Mustapha became the third Chief Minister of Sabah.
When he was Chief Minister, his relationship with the Malaysian central government was not very good. Although the central government, represented by the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition, was a partner of USNO, they were worried about certain stances taken by Mustapha, in particular, his intention or threat to secede Sabah from Malaysia. Mustapha also refused to sign an oil agreement with the federal government which stated that only 5% of Sabah's oil revenue will be given to the state. Mustapha demanded at least 30% for the development of Sabah where it will be drilled.
Following this, in 1975 USNO secretary-general Harris Salleh left the party to form BERJAYA. This party was backed up by the federal government thru the oil lobby. In the 1976 state election, BERJAYA won and Mustapha was ousted from power.
Mustapha remained active in politics, leading USNO and contesting in four subsequent state elections (1981, 1985, 1986, and 1990). Although they never won again, they still managed to win several seats in the state assembly. They also remained a partner of BN at the federal government level (as opposed to the state level). After the 1990 state election, he teamed up with Harris Salleh again, after BERJAYA themselves were ousted by Parti Bersatu Sabah. This resulted in a merger of USNO and BERJAYA to create the Sabah chapter of the peninsular-based United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). Mustapha became its first chief of UMNO Sabah.
Aside from his involvement in politics and religion (Islam), he also made contributions in the education of Sabah. He mooted the idea of forming Sabah Foundation ("Yayasan Sabah") and was responsible in setting up the first university, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM) Sabah Campus, and also the setting up of ITM (Institut Teknologi Mara).
He was also the Deputy Head of PERKIM, when the late Tunku was the President and also the time of Datuk Patinggi Taib. He was also the head of United Sabah Islamic Association (USIA) and a member of RISEAP.
Tun Mustapha is remembered by the Catholics of Sabah for imposing to the letter the immigration laws by denying foreign priests who have not obtained permanent residency on the extension of their visas. All the priests who object to their expulsion for doing religious works among the Catholics were arrested by using his powers as the Chairman of the State Security Operation Committee and CM of Sabah State Government.
Mustapha did this because he alleged the priests of involvement in politics. From their pulpits in the churches during the sermons they used to tell the laity not to vote for Mustapha's party in the coming elections but to vote for other parties like BERJAYA and PBS. Mustapha had his police informers sitting in the pews during the church services monitoring events to back up his allegations. And any decent honest churchgoer who was in the pews, Catholics or non-Catholics alike can vouch that the priests indeed did this. So the church was not blameless in stirring up the resulting controversy. Furthermore the Bishop of Sabah at the time, Peter Chung did nothing to draw his priests into line, further souring his relations with Tun Mustapha.
Under his orders, on 2 December 1972, the police decided to make a raid at the missions at Tambunan, Papar, Bundu Tuhan and Kuala Penyu. The raids at Tambunan and Papar were successful, timed early in the morning with the church bell ropes cut to prevent it from being used to warned the people. The priests were at Kapayan long before the parishioners were aware of it.
The raid at Kuala Penyu was initially a fiasco with a reception committee of 600 Catholics. To avoid clashes, by 11 am reinforcements were flown in to arrest one priest.
On 15 December more priests were arrested at Keningau, Tenom and Limbahau.
The rest of the priests who only had temporary residence permits, on hearing this has no choice but to say goodbye to their parishioners and went home or were given new assignments to nearby countries.
As reported in local news such as "Daily Express" (p. 2, 11 Nov 2009), the Malaysian home ministry informed in parliament that a biography of Tun Mustapha's political opponent who died in the Double Six Crash plane crash, Datuk Peter Mojuntin, is banned. The reason was that the book "allegedly" recorded that Datuk Peter exposed Tun Mustapha's attempt to stop Catholism in Sabah by deporting and arresting foreign missionary priests who were serving their local parishes in the state.
Datuk Peter's house was also surrounded by the police after all the priests were arrested because only he dared to voice his opposition to the prosecution of the priests. He was not arrested because of his strong political support from the Kadazan people of Penampang.
Death and legacy.
He died on January 2, 1995 at Sabah Medical Center, Teluk Likas, Kota Kinabalu, at the age of 76. He was buried at the Muslim cemetery in Kampung Ulu/Ulu Seberang Putatan which was formerly used as a fortress by the late Paduka Mat Salleh and the State Government has named the cemetery "Taman Memorial Tun Datu Haji Mustapha". His memorial is not in Tambunan. The Tun Datu Mustapha Memorial in Tambunan is meant for the distant uncle, Paduka Mat Salleh.
During the 8th Convocation Ceremony of UMS (Universiti Malaysia Sabah) held on the 2–3 September 2006, he was conferred the Honorary Degree-Doctor of Philosophy (Social Development)
In December 2007, his 21 year old grandson, Datu Azlan Amir Kahar died of a heart attack. However, prior to his death he had a fight with his fiance Rosinah Chai, in which he sustained multiple injuries to his body. There was some speculations that Chai was responsible for Azlan's death, but post mortem results indicated that injuries inflicted upon Azlan did not cause his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5984328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984328" title="Trent (Westside)">
Trent (Westside)

Trent is the retail arm of the Tata group. Started in 1998, Trent operates Westside, one of the many growing retail chains in India based in Mumbai, Maharashtra and Landmark, a bookstore chain with Brick and mortar stores in various locations of India.
History.
In 1998 Tata sold off their 50% stake in the cosmetic products company Lakmé to HLL for Rs 200 Crore (approx. 45 million US$), and created Trent from the money it made through the sale. All shareholders of Lakmé were given different shares in Trent. Simone Tata, the chairperson of Lakmé, went on to head Trent. The reason behind the sale was that Simone Tata saw a greater growth potential in retail, and believed that it would be much more difficult for an Indian company to release new cosmetic products in a market that had opened up to global companies.
Business.
The company has a turnover of Rs. 357.6 crores (FY 2005-2006) and currently operates more than 60 stores in the major metros and mini metros of India.

</doc>
<doc id="5984329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984329" title="Jerpoint Abbey">
Jerpoint Abbey

Jerpoint Abbey is a ruined Cistercian abbey, founded in the second half of the 12th century, near Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland. It is located 2.5 km south west from Thomastown on the N9 national primary road. There is a Visitor Centre with an exhibition. It has been declared a national monument and has been in the care of the Office of Public Works since 1880.
It was constructed by in 1180, by Donogh O'Donoghoe Mac Gilla Patraic, the King of Osraige. It was dedicated to the Blessed Virgin. Jerpoint is notable for its stone carvings, including one at the tomb of Felix O'Dulany, Bishop of the Diocese of Ossory. The abbey flourished until the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII.
Jerpoint Abbey gives its name to the civil parish of Jerpoint Abbey or Abbey-Jerpoint in the barony of Knocktopher. It lies near the anciently corporate town of Newtown Jerpoint.
History.
In 1180, by Donogh O'Donoghoe Mac Gilla Patraic, the King of Kingdom of Ossory, moved the monks of the Cistercian Order from a distant part of Ossory to the present site. Here he constructed the abbey, probably on the site of an earlier Benedictine monastery built in 1160 by Domnall Mac Gilla Patraic, King of Osraige.
The abbey continued to flourish until the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII. It was surrendered to the king by Oliver Grace, the last abbot. In 1541 it was granted by Philip and Mary to James Butler, the 9th Earl Earl of Ormond. The abbey became a favourite place of sepulture with all the great families in the surrounding country. In 1202, Felix O'Dullany, Bishop of Ossory, was interred here.
It has been declared a national monument and has been in the care of the Office of Public Works since 1880.
Architecture.
The present ruins are very extensive and display some specimens of the later Norman passing into the early English style of architecture. Jerpoint is notable for its stone carvings, including one at the tomb of Felix O'Dulany, Bishop of the Diocese of Ossory.
There is a well-proportioned, square, embattled tower. The church with its Romanesque details dates from the 12th century. In the transept chapels are 13th to 16th century tomb sculptures. The tower and cloister date from the 15th century. In the Abbey is the sculptured cloister arcade with unique carvings.
Legends.
Close to Jerpoint Abbey, at Newtown Jerpoint, are the ruins of a church where a local legend places the grave of Saint Nicholas.

</doc>
<doc id="5984331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984331" title="Swallow tattoo">
Swallow tattoo

The swallow tattoo was a symbol used historically by sailors to show off their sailing experience. Of British origin in the early days of sailing, it was the image of a Barn Swallow, usually tattooed on the chest, hands or neck. According to one legend, a sailor tattooed with one swallow had travelled over ; a sailor with two swallows had travelled . Travelling these great distances was extremely difficult and dangerous in the early days of sailing, so one or more swallow tattoos denoted a very experienced and valuable sailor. Another legend holds that since swallows return to the same location every year to mate and nest, the swallow will guarantee the sailor returns home safely. A sailor would have one swallow tattooed before setting out on a journey, and the second swallow tattooed at the end of their tour of duty, upon return to their home port. It is also said that if the sailor drowns, the swallows will carry their soul to heaven.
The swallow also represents love, care and affection towards family and friends, showing the loyalty of the person always returning to them. The bird also represents freedom and hope. 
Today, the symbol of the swallow can mean many different things. It is considered a staple of the "British Traditional" and "Sailor Jerry Collins" style tattooing.
Ex-Sailors of the British Royal Navy have a swallow tattoo on both wrists as a symbol of a successful voyage.
Another coined term in the UK for the swallow tattoo on the hands is a symbolism of a prison sentence from an ex-con to the meaning of "done your "bird", done your "time"".
Finally, a swallow tattoo on the back of the hand can mean "this fist flies", worn by Glasgow and London 'Hard Men' to signify prowess in street fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="5984337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984337" title="Weslaco Independent School District">
Weslaco Independent School District

Weslaco Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Weslaco, Texas (USA). WISD serves the city of Weslaco, a western portion of the city of Mercedes, and several unincorporated communities in Hidalgo County. 
Current superintendent Dr Ruben Alejandro 

</doc>
<doc id="5984347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984347" title="Kadakkal">
Kadakkal

Kadakkal is a historic town located in the eastern part of Kollam district, Kerala. It is 44 km away from Kollam City, 50 km away from Thiruvananthapuram and 5 km east of Nilamel, which is on Trivandrum – Angamaly State Highway (MC Road). State highway 64 passes through the town. The town is an important business centre and is known for its spice production and trade.
Kadakkal is known for a long time and is the place where one of the notable movement of Indian independence movement took place. Kadakkal Riot Case is listed by the Home Ministry, Government of India as one of the 39 movements that led to India getting freedom from the British Raj. It is known as the "Kadakkal Riot Case" and was led by Franco Raghavan Pillai.
Kadakkal town is an important business centre. Kadakkal Chantha (Market) is famous, especially for its agrarian commodity business like coconut, areca nut, copra, tapioca, rubber, etc. . Kadakkal Panchayat is a Special Grade Panchayat. It spreads over an area of 48.9 km2 and has a population of 30236 with 14221 males and 16015 females, according to 2001 census. Pangode, Chithara, Nilamel, Ittiva, Kummil and Chadayamangalam are the neighboring Panchayats. Kadakkal is reachable through Nilamel, and is well connected through Anchal, Kilimanoor and Madathara. Kadakkal is one of the place which facilitates easiest roadway facility provided town which inter connects Tamil Nadu and Kerala as a by route. This town which is near to neighbouring state, Tamil Nadu only 63 km away.
Education.
Educational institutes (Government and Government Aided)
Festival.
Kadakkal Devi Temple is a famous temple of this region and is known for the Thiruvathira festival celebrated in March, and is one of the most attractive festivals of the region. The temple festivities attract large crowds from various parts of the state. The festival is celebrated over a period of ten days programme. The main attractions of the festival is Eduppukuthira (Chariot). The deity is known as Kadakkal Amma and is considered a very powerful deity by the peoples. The ten day "Thiruvathira" festival ends with 'Kuruzi' (കുരുസി).
Transport.
Kadakkal bus stand
Air.
Nearest Airport is Trivandrum International Airport, which is 57  km away.
Rail.
The town is well-connected with Varkkala, Kollam Jn and Punalur railway stations.
Factories.
Vellarvattom-Kadakkal,
Nedumanpuram & Puthukode-kadakkal
Karakkadu Cashew Factory

</doc>
<doc id="5984349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984349" title="Sandy Neilson">
Sandy Neilson

Sandra Lynn Neilson-Bell (born March 20, 1956) is an American former swimmer and three-time Olympic gold medalist.
Amateur career.
Neilson won her only Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) national championship in 1971 at the 100-yard freestyle. While a student at El Monte High School, Neilson set CIF Southern Section records in 1972 for both the 50-yard and 100-yard freestyle events. She later attended University of California, Santa Barbara, where she was a member of the UCSB Gauchos swim team and a three-time All-American. In 1977, she won both the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW) 50-yard and 100-yard freestyle national championships.
1972 Summer Olympics.
Despite being ranked as the third-best American sprinter, Neilson participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany at the age of 16. In the 100-meter freestyle, Neilson defeated heavy favorites Shane Gould from Australia and her American teammate Shirley Babashoff in an Olympic record time of 58.59 seconds. The victory landed her a spot on the 4x100-meter freestyle relay with Babashoff as well as the 4x100-meter medley relay. Both of Neilson's relay teams won gold medals in world record times.
In a twist of fate, during the Munich massacre which took place after the day after the swimming events were completed, both Gould and Babashoff were huddled with Neilson in her Olympic Village while the massacre was taking place. Neilson recalled, "When we found out about the terrorists, I called my parents and told them I loved them. I thought I might never see them again."
Post-Olympic life.
Neilson met her current coach and husband, Dr. Keith Bell, a Texas sports psychologist, in 1984. Keith successfully argued in August 1984 to the International Swimming Hall of Fame that Neilson had been "retired" for nine years, despite still participating in United States Masters Swimming. This made her eligible under the ISHOF's four-year retirement requirements and Neilson was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1986.
Despite being "retired", Neilson participated in the 1988 and 1992 Olympic Trials. She missed qualifying for the 1996 Trials in the 50-meter freestyle by a mere nine one-hundredths (0.09) of a second.
In 1996, Neilson was the first swimmer over 40 to be ranked top 25 in the world in an event (50m freestyle) and the first swimmer over 40 to compete in U.S. National Championships, at which she was honored by having USA Swimming's comeback award named after her, the "Sandy Neilson-Bell Comeback Swimmer of the Year Award."

</doc>
<doc id="5984352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984352" title="Theodore Thomas (filmmaker)">
Theodore Thomas (filmmaker)

Theodore (Ted) Thomas is a United States film director and producer. He is the son of Disney animator Frank Thomas. His films include the 1984 stop-motion animated movie "Where the Toys Come From", the documentary about the two last Disney "Nine Old Men" animators, "Frank and Ollie", 1995, and "Walt & El Grupo", 2009, documenting Disney and his group visiting South America during World War II. In 2012, Thomas produced another documentary about Disney animators, "Growing up with Nine Old Men" (included in the Diamond edition of the Peter Pan DVD.)

</doc>
<doc id="5984357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984357" title="Without You (Karen Mok album)">
Without You (Karen Mok album)

Without You () is a Karen Mok album released in 2006. Most of the lyrics are in Mandarin, though two tracks are in Cantonese and two are in English.
Track listing.
"Close To You" and "Enter the Phoenix" are bonus hidden tracks included on the US/European limited edition of the album. "Close To You" is the theme song of the film "So Close" while "Enter the Phoenix" was a theme song in "Enter the Phoenix".
Style.
In this album, Mok experimented with rock genres, such as grunge/post-grunge, alternative rock, alternative pop and rock pop. "天下大同" (Tiān Xià Dà Tóng, "Same World") was an urban-influenced pop rock track. "24 hrs" was a violin-driven alternative rock song about a love-hate relationship with prominent use of grunge-like electric guitar chords during the chorus and acoustic guitar during the verses. It is a cover of the song "24" by Jem. "Shou" is a hard rock/hard pop song inspired by rock and roll. "Fire" is an acoustic pop-rock song.
References.
莫文蔚 如果没有你 (Chinese)

</doc>
<doc id="5984360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984360" title="Hydrangea arborescens">
Hydrangea arborescens

Hydrangea arborescens, commonly known as smooth hydrangea, wild hydrangea, or sevenbark, is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangeaceae. It is a small- to medium-sized, deciduous shrub up to tall that is native to the eastern United States.
Range/Habitat.
Smooth hydrangea is widely distributed across the eastern United States—from southern New York to the panhandle of Florida, west to eastern Oklahoma and southeastern Kansas. It is mainly found in moist soils under a hardwood forest canopy and is often common along woodland road banks and streams. It is common in the Delaware River Valley and in the Appalachian Mountains.
Taxonomy.
At one time both ashy hydrangea ("Hydrangea cinerea") and silverleaf hydrangea ("Hydrangea radiata") were considered subspecies of smooth hydrangea. However, most taxonomist now consider them to be separate species.
Characteristics.
The inflorescence of smooth hydrangea is a corymb. The showy, sterile flowers are usually absent or if present they are usually less than 1 cm in diameter. Flowering occurs May to July. Fruit is a ribbed brown capsule about 2 mm long; many are produced.
The leaves of smooth hydrangea are large (8 to 18 cm long), opposite, serrated, ovate, and deciduous. The lower leaf surface is glabrous or with inconspicuous fine hairs, appearing green; trichomes of the lower surface are restricted to the midrib and major veins.
The stem bark has a peculiar tendency to peel off in several successive thin layers with different colors, hence the common name "sevenbark".
Smooth hydrangea can spread rapidly by stolons to form colonies.
Uses.
This attractive native shrub is often cultivated for ornamental use. 'Annabelle' is the best known cultivar of this species; it is one of the most cold hardy of the hydrangeas. The cultivar ‘Grandiflora’ has flowers that resemble snowballs, similar to "Viburnum plicatum".
Smooth hydrangea was used medicinally by Native Americans, and later, by early settlers for treatment of kidney and bladder stones.

</doc>
<doc id="5984361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984361" title="Celestis">
Celestis

Celestis is a company that launches cremated human remains into space, a procedure known as a space burial. It is an affiliate company of Space Services Inc. The company purchases launches as a secondary payload on various rockets, and launches samples of many people's cremated remains on one launch. Launching an individual's entire cremated remains (which weigh between four to eight pounds) would be prohibitively expensive for most people, so Celestis launches 1 gram or 7 gram samples of cremated remains so as to provide an affordable service.
Celestis has flown a number of notable participants over the years. Its first flight -- "The Founders Flight" -- carried cremated remains of "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry and 1960s icon Timothy Leary into Earth orbit. Also on board were remains of physicist and space visionary Gerard K. O'Neill, noted rocket scientist Krafft A. Ehricke, and 20 others. Dr. Eugene Shoemaker—a famous planetary geologist and co-discoverer of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 -- was launched to the moon on NASA's "Lunar Prospector" mission in 1998: Celestis helped friends of Dr. Shoemaker include a sample of his cremated remains on that mission. Mercury 7 astronaut L. Gordon Cooper, "Star Trek" actor James Doohan ("Mr. Scott"), and a host of others from various walks of life were launched on board "The Legacy Flight" in 2007. "Titanic" explorer Ralph White was on board the "Discovery" and "Pioneer" flights. 
Family members and friends of flight participants usually can attend the launch. Celestis usually arranges for a tour of the launch facility and hosts a non-sectarian memorial service prior to the launch.
Celestis also helps people prearrange their own memorial spaceflights for the future.
Future flights.
In 2014 a memorial service for the late Majel Barrett Roddenberry, "Star Treks "Nurse Chapel," the voice of the computer on board the fictional starship "Enterprise", and Lwaxana Troi in ', will fly with her late husband Gene Roddenberry together, "on an infinite journey into deep space aboard their Voyager Memorial Spaceflight Service...will carry their spirits, their memories, and the message of their life’s work into the cosmos." -Eugene "Rod" Roddenberry II.

</doc>
<doc id="5984370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984370" title="Stürmer">
Stürmer

Stürmer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5984384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984384" title="Clarence Fines">
Clarence Fines

Clarence Melvin Fines (August 16, 1905 in Darlington, Manitoba – October 27, 1993 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) was provincial treasurer of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan during the Tommy Douglas era, and also served as Deputy Premier. 
Fines was educated at both the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Manitoba and received a BA. He became a teacher and principal in Regina, and would later serve three years as the President of the Regina Teachers' Association. He then served two years as the President of the Regina Branch of the Saskatchewan Teachers' Federation. 
While serving as an assistant principal at the same school as Major James Coldwell, Fines became involved with the Independent Labour Party (ILP), which Coldwell headed. In 1931, Fines was elected president of the ILP, at the Western Conference of Labour Political Parties. He strived to merge the farmer and the labour political movements under one party. In July 1932, he succeeded in merging the two movements into the Saskatchewan Farmer-Labour Party. In August, he helped organize the founding meeting of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) in Calgary. 
Fines served as a Regina City Councillor from 1934 to 1939 and from 1942 to 1944. During this time he was the chair of the Regina General Hospital, director of the Regina Exhibition Board, and a member of the parks board. 
Fines was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the June 15, 1944 Saskatchewan general election that saw the CCF sweep the province, becoming Canada's first Social Democratic government. He represented the Regina City constituency continuously from 1944 to 1960.
Fines had a tremendous influence over the reforms made by the CCF government over the following years. As treasurer, Fines made sure that these reforms were made while producing balanced budgets. In 1944, Saskatchewan had a debt of $218 million, 38% of Saskatchewan's GDP. With successive balanced budgets, Fines brought this number down to $70 million by 1949. In 1953, Saskatchewan was debtless. For the next 16 years, all of Fines' budgets had surpluses. During his tenure as an MLA, Fines also served as the minister responsible for the Bureau of Publications, Queen's Printer Office, Government Purchasing Agency, the Liquor Board, and Saskatchewan
Government Insurance.
In 1960, he retired and became a corporate financial advisor, eventually going to Grenada. In 1963 he moved to Fort Lauderdale, Florida where he lived the rest of his life. When he died there on October 27, 1993, he was the last surviving member of Douglas's first cabinet. In 2006, Fines appeared as a prominent character in the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's docu-drama mini-series "Prairie Giant: The Tommy Douglas Story", and was portrayed by Canadian actor Don McKellar.
The C.M. Fines Building is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="5984385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984385" title="Ronald Meyer">
Ronald Meyer

Ron Meyer (b. 1944) is an American entertainment executive and former talent agent. He currently serves as the Vice Chairman of NBCUniversal. 
Early life.
Ron Meyer was born to Jewish immigrant parents who escaped Nazi Germany. His family's love for film influenced him at an early age. At fifteen Ron dropped out of high school, and at the age of seventeen he joined the United States Marine Corps, which he served in until the age of nineteen. At the age of nineteen he began working for the Paul Kohner Agency in Los Angeles as an agent from 1964 to 1970. Ron then moved on to work from 1970 to 1975 as a talent agent for the William Morris Agency. 
Beginning of Business Career.
At a lunch with some of his friends in 1975, Ron and his buddies came up with the idea of starting an agency to represent talent in the very diverse and ever-thriving area of Los Angeles. They opened up in a rented office with card tables, folding chairs, and their wives serving as the secretaries. This agency, named Creative Artists Agency, is one of the premiere talent representation agencies, and has represented the likes of Martin Scorsese. They later expanded its range of services to include consulting with leading American and international corporations.
Current career.
Previously, he served as the President & COO of Universal Studios, (formerly MCA), and held this position since August 1995, from the time Seagram (then led by Edgar Bronfman, Jr.), acquired the controlling interest in the company up to the recent purchase of Universal by General Electric until September of 2013 when he was promoted. He was the longest serving chief of a major motion picture company in the history of Hollywood. In September of 2013, he was promoted to position of Vice Chairman of Universal Studio's parent company, NBCUniversal and is still currently in that position. 
=Personal life=
He lives in Malibu, California, with his wife, Kelly Chapman, and has three daughters and a son. His daughter Jennifer Meyer, is married to actor Tobey Maguire.
See also.
Tobey Maguire,Jennifer Meyer,Universal Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5984395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984395" title="Danny Cox">
Danny Cox

Danny Bradford Cox (born September 21, 1959 in Northampton, England) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1983 to 1988, the Philadelphia Phillies from 1991 to 1992, the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1992, and then the Toronto Blue Jays from 1993 to 1995, when he retired. Over his eleven-year career, Cox won 74, lost 75, recorded a 3.64 ERA, 21 complete games, 5 shutouts and 8 saves. He won Game 3 of the 1985 National League Championship Series with the Cardinals trailing 2 games to none. Cox pitched well in the 1985 World Series, but earned two no-decisions. He pitched a shutout in Game 7 of the 1987 National League Championship Series, and was the winning pitcher in Game 5 of the 1987 World Series.
He managed the Gateway Grizzlies, a Frontier League team based in Sauget, Illinois from 2003–2006, compiling a record of 197-175 and one league championship. In 2008 he coached the New Athens, Illinois High School baseball team, however he resigned mid-season. Cox currently frequents clinics in the St. Louis area, and offers pitching lessons to young players near his Freeburg, IL home.
In February 2009, he was named pitching coach for the Springfield Sliders of the Prospect League.
On December 17, 2009, the Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball named him pitching coach for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5984396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984396" title="Japan Fantasy Novel Award">
Japan Fantasy Novel Award

The is an annual award which began in 1989 and is sponsored by the Yomiuri Shimbun and Shimizu Corporation with the backing of publisher Shinchōsha. The winner gets a contract to have their unpublished work published by Shinchōsha and receives ¥5 million. The contest is open to anyone, whether an already published author or not. Past winners include Riku Onda, Fuyumi Ono and Ken'ichi Sakemi.
It ceased in 2013, its twenty-fifth year.

</doc>
<doc id="5984400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984400" title="Brad Klippert">
Brad Klippert

Brad Klippert is an American Republican politician who is a member of the Washington House of Representatives. He ran for the Republican nomination for United States Senate in 2006.
Career.
Klippert is a Pentecostal minister and a sheriff's deputy for the Benton County sheriff's department, serving as a school officer during legislative sessions and a patrol officer at other times. Klippert was in the U.S. Army Reserves in 1987 and is currently a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army National Guard.
Klippert joined the Washington House of Representatives in 2008 and was re-elected that year and again in 2010. He is currently an Assistant Minority Whip.
Political positions.
A political and social conservative, Klippert supports the death penalty, the Patriot Act, and "limited" wiretapping of U.S. citizens by the National Security Agency, and opposes abortion rights, same-sex marriage, and affirmative action.[http://ontheissues.org/Senate/Brad_Klippert.htm]
2004 U.S. Senate election.
Klippert ran for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate seat of Patty Murray. He lost the primary to U.S. Representative George Nethercutt 432,748–29,870. Murray was re-elected at the general election.
2006 U.S. Senate election.
Klippert ran in the Republican primary against former insurance corporation CEO Mike McGavick for the Senate seat held by Democrat Maria Cantwell. He came in distant second place, with seven percent of the vote against McGavick's 85 percent. Cantwell went on to win the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5984411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984411" title="KCC Malls">
KCC Malls

KCC Malls is a chain of shopping malls originated in Koronadal City, South Cotabato, Philippines. It is owned by Koronadal Commercial Corporation. KCC has presently two operating malls in General Santos and Koronadal. It is considered as one of the major mall developers in Mindanao.
History.
KCC started in 1951 as a textile store in Koronadal City. It then expanded in 1989 into a supermarket and department store as KCC Shopping Center. In 1992, KCC opened its first store in General Santos City called KCC Warehouse Plaza, which was later renamed as KCC Mall of Gensan in 1996.
After four years, KCC Shopping Center expanded into KCC Mall of Marbel.
KCC Mall of Gensan is located at J. Catolico, Sr. Avenue, Lagao, General Santos City. It has a total floor area of more than 80,000 square meters and 200 tenants. On June 29, 2013, KCC opened its newest mall called Veranza, adjacent to the KCC Mall of Gensan. This "green" designed mall will also house various local and international brands, world-class restaurants, an "al fresco" dining strip area, and entertainment area.
The success of KCC Malls, being at par with other major malls, led to its expansion outside SOCSARGEN with the groundbreaking of its newest mall in Zamboanga City in October 10, 2012. On-going construction began on November 2012 and will be opened on Summer 2015.
KCC Fire Brigade.
In January 2003, the management of KCC put up volunteer fire brigades in the cities of Koronadal and General Santos. The KCC Fire Brigade has three fire trucks in Marbel and another two in General Santos.

</doc>
<doc id="5984419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984419" title="Madhur Bhandarkar">
Madhur Bhandarkar

Madhur Bhandarkar (Marathi: मधुर भांडारकर) (born August 26, 1968) is a National Award-winning Indian film director, script writer, and producer. He is best known for his films such as "Chandni Bar" (2001), "Page 3" (2005), "Traffic Signal" (2007), "Fashion" (2008) and "Heroine" (2012). He won the National Award for Best Director for "Traffic Signal".
Biography.
Career.
Madhur Bhandarkar worked in a video cassette library in Khar, a suburb of Mumbai. This gave him access to a large collection of movies and he studied film-making through it.
After trying his skills with small time filmmakers as an assistant, Bhandarkar landed up as an assistant to Ram Gopal Varma. He even played his first cameo in his 1995 film "Rangeela" where he was the associate director to Ram Gopal Varma. A couple of years later he made his directorial debut with "Trishakti" which took more than three years to make and released in 1999. The film had a relatively low key cast and was largely ignored at the box office. After two years he directed "Chandni Bar" (2001) starring Tabu and Atul Kulkarni with a budget of Rs 1.5 crore. The film was critically acclaimed and a box office success, which took Bhandarkar into the top league of filmmakers in Bollywood. He received his first National Award for this film and thereon won National awards for his films Page-3 and Traffic Signal. His Movie Fashion (2008) also won National Awards for Best Actress (Priyanka Chopra) and for Best Supporting Actress (Kangana Ranaut). Three times National Award winning director Madhur Bhandarkar has recently added one more feather to his cap. 
Madhur was awarded the Gangasharan Singh Award (2009) by the HRD Ministry of India, this Presidential Award was given to him for his contribution to Hindi Cinema. Madhur was then conferred PL Deshpande Award a.k.a. Zenith Asia Award for significantly shaping the film making culture in his unique works and he has been described as The Film Maker of The First Decade of 21st Century. On the Silver Jubilee Year of Aashay Film Club, this award ceremony took place on 16th Nov at National Film Archive Theatre during 8th ‘Pulotsav – An Art Festival’ in Pune. PL Deshpande was a renowned writer, stage and film actor and his literary works are still revered in Maharashtra and others parts of the world. In his honour, Zenith Asia Award was given to Madhur Bhandarkar and his film Chandni Bar was also screened during the fest amongst landmark 25 films from world cinema.
Also recently, National Film Archive of India (NFAI) which falls under Ministry of Information & Broadcasting, Government of India preserved all the films of renowned Indian Film-Maker Madhur Bhandarkar. Chandni Bar, Page-3, Corporate, Traffic Signal, Fashion and Jail, are all the films of the realistic film-maker which will now find space in Government’s Archival data for Indian Films.
The nature of job of National Film Archive of India is to safeguard the heritage of Indian Cinema for posterity and act as a centre for dissemination of a healthy film culture in the country. Promotion of film scholarship and research on various aspects of cinema also form part of its Charter. Familiarizing foreign audiences with Indian Cinema and to make it more visible across the globe is another declared objective of the Archive.
Personal life.
Bhandarkar is a school dropout. He came from a middle-class family. As a result, Madhur had to take up various jobs. He worked at a video store as an errand boy and dropped off cassettes to people from many walks of life including dance bar girls and film stars. He also sold chewing gum at traffic signals and worked as an assistant to small time directors for a paltry salary of 1000. He also travelled to Muscat where his only sibling, his elder sister was based, in search of work. At a time when he was struggling in life, he travelled by bus and sometimes, those who had done bit roles in his films would offer him a seat only to embarrass him.
He is a great devotee of the Hindu God Siddhivinayak and has been walking from his house in Khar, Mumbai to the temple for the past 16 years on every Tuesday. According to him, the film "Corporate" was his most difficult film as people in corporate world would shun him after he bared Page 3 culture in his earlier film. He took inspiration for "Corporate" from the Coke - Pepsi controversy. He has been invited to deliver lectures on corporate issues to management students after the release of "Corporate". (Interview to TV channel IBN Lokmat on 26 November 2008) Bhandarkar married his girlfriend Renu Namboodiri on 15 December 2003 in Mumbai. They have a daughter named Siddhi.
Directorial style.
In most of his films, Bhandarkar's protagonist is female. (Tabu in "Chandni Bar", Raveena Tandon in "Satta", Konkona Sen Sharma in "Page 3", Bipasha Basu in "Corporate", Priyanka Chopra in "Fashion" and Kareena Kapoor in "Heroine".) The exception here being Neil Nitin Mukesh, who was cast as the protagonist in the movie Jail. He has also depicted gay characters in his movies like "Page 3", Traffic Signal" and "Fashion".
In an interview with Sanjay Ram of Businessofcinema.com he says "My movies are not exposes, maybe they just hold up a mirror to society. My movies are not judgmental; I just show what happens in our society, sometimes there could be a solution and sometimes there may be none. Life goes on." He is often criticized for making his characters look stereotypical and also for recycling the same idea in his films. This can be seen in his movies like "Page 3", "Fashion" and "Heroine". He has also played a cameo in the movie "Fashion" where he plays himself in one of the scenes prior to a fashion show and two models are shown discussing about him being as a 'realistic filmmaker'. This realism of society is clearly depicted in almost all his movies and which are all based on some or the other aspect of society.

</doc>
<doc id="5984421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984421" title="In the Cards">
In the Cards

__NOTOC__
"In the Cards" is the penultimate episode of the fifth season of "". This episode marks Michael Dorn's directorial debut.
Plot.
Events do not bode well, both on and off the station: between Odo's stark security report and word of missing starships, the station's command staff is depressed, most notably Captain Sisko. Jake Sisko decides to buy a 1951 Willie Mays rookie baseball card at Quark's upcoming auction and to present it to his baseball-loving father in an attempt to cheer him up.
As a Federation citizen, however, Jake does not have the funds to buy the card; he enlists Cadet Nog's help (and gold-pressed latinum) to acquire the antique. However, the oddball Dr. Elias Giger wins the lot that includes the card. Giger offers to give the card to Jake in exchange for a strange melange of equipment – material to help finish the "cellular regeneration and entertainment chamber", which the doctor believes will grant immortality. Privately, the boys decide the man is crazy but agree to his offer, and obtain the required materials by doing various odd jobs for Chief O'Brien, Doctor Bashir, Major Kira and Lieutenant Commander Worf. In order to keep Jake's surprise gift a secret, however, neither of them reveal the reason they want such diverse items.
Against this backdrop, Kai Winn comes to the station to consult with the Emissary of the Prophets on an upcoming meeting with the Dominion's Vorta representative, Weyoun. The Dominion is offering a nonaggression pact with Bajor. Winn is torn between her desire to avoid aligning Bajor with the Dominion and her belief that the Federation would not devote its full resources to defending Bajor in the likely event of war with the Dominion. Sisko recommends that Winn stall for time before committing herself to a decision. The Dominion contingent, meanwhile, has guest quarters above Giger's, and Weyoun and his accompanying Jem'Hadar soldiers are wary of the odd noises emanating from below them.
Returning to Giger's quarters with the last of his requested equipment, Jake and Nog find the room empty with no sign of Giger. Jake concludes that Winn is one of the "soulless minions of orthodoxy" whom Giger fears are trying to sabotage his work. Jake confronts the Kai and accuses her of kidnapping the doctor. After a ribbing from Captain Sisko, Jake and Nog are beamed from a turbolift aboard a Dominion ship. Weyoun is somehow aware that the youths have been in frequent contact not only with the strange Dr. Giger living underneath their guest quarters, but also with Kai Winn and the entirety of the station's senior staff. Facing the suspicious Vorta – and several Jem'Hadar soldiers – Jake points to the auction lot materials and explains the entire scheme to obtain the card. Weyoun initially seems incredulous, so Jake concocts a "more plausible" story: he and Nog are time travel agents investigating Willie Mays' sudden appearance in the Baseball Hall of Fame...
Weyoun, however, believes Jake's first story, deciding it was all innocent coincidence after all. He sends the boys away - with the card - and strikes up a friendship with Giger over their shared interest in "unorthodox genetics".
During Sisko's concluding captain's log – which foreshadows the imminent Dominion War – the camera cuts to various scenes of the crew benefiting from Jake and Nog's recent work: O'Brien leaving the holodeck after running the rapids, Bashir sitting near his stuffed bear, Kira delivering an effective speech, Worf enjoying Klingon opera, even Weyoun using Giger's immortality machine under his supervision, and, finally, Captain Sisko hugging his son upon receipt of the card.

</doc>
<doc id="5984425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984425" title="Samuel Doak">
Samuel Doak

Samuel Doak (1749–1830) was an American Presbyterian clergyman and educator, a pioneer in the movement for the abolition of slavery.
Early life.
Minister and pioneer Samuel Doak founded the earliest schools and many of the Presbyterian churches of East Tennessee. The son of Irish immigrants, Doak was born August 1, 1749, in Augusta County, Virginia. He grew up on a frontier farm and began his education with Robert Alexander, who later founded the Academy of Liberty Hall (now Washington and Lee University). After attending an academy in Maryland, he entered the College of New Jersey (now Princeton), from which he graduated two years later in 1775. Doak married Esther Houston Montgomery of Augusta County in October 1775.
Career.
Doak taught at Hampden-Sydney College in the spring of 1776. There he studied theology under Samuel Stanhope Smith, president, and completed his theological training in 1777 at Liberty Hall. He assumed his first pastorate in Abingdon, Virginia, and also began to "ride circuit" in eastern Tennessee. In 1778 he settled in Tennessee in Sullivan County and was ordained a minister. In 1780 he moved to Washington County, where he formed Salem Church and a school, which was chartered as St. Martin's Academy in 1783, the first chartered school in the region. In 1795 it became Washington College.
Moving to the Holston valley in Tennessee, Doak established the New Bethel Presbyterian Church. He later moved to Limestone, Tennessee, where he founded Salem Presbyterian Church. He also established an academy which grew into Washington College, of which he was president from 1790 to 1818.
Doak served as president of Washington College (1795-1818) before turning it over to his oldest son, John Whitfield Doak. Esther Doak had died in 1807, and in 1818 he moved with his second wife, Margaretta Houston McEwen, to Tusculum Academy (later Tusculum College) and taught there with his son Samuel W. Doak until his death on December 12, 1830. He is buried at Salem Church.
In 1780, Doak preached to settlers at the Big Spring in Greeneville, Tennessee. Regular services began around the spring, and in 1783, Mt. Bethel Presbyterian Church (now First Presbyterian Church) was formed, Hezekiah Balch being the first settled minister.
He was awarded a Doctor of Divinity degree for his tireless efforts at promoting Presbyterianism and education. He was generally known as "the Presbyterian Bishop."
Abolition efforts.
After becoming convinced of the iniquity of slavery, he freed his own slaves in 1818. Afterwards, for the rest of his life, Doak advocated immediate abolition. He was referred to as being "the apostle of learning and religion in the West."
Doak delivered the following sermon and prayer at Sycamore Shoals, September 26, 1780 for the mustering of the troops prior to the Battle of Kings Mountain. They afterwards fought a victorious battle against Loyalist troops commanded by British Maj. Patrick Ferguson.
Legacy.
Three schools in Greeneville are named for Samuel Doak:
The Doak House Museum is a non-profit, educational institution, established as a museum in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5984440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984440" title="Zan Wesley Holmes Jr">
Zan Wesley Holmes Jr

Zan Wesley Holmes, Jr., is Pastor Emeritus of St. Luke Community United Methodist Church in Dallas, Texas, where he served for 28 years.
Life.
Dr. Holmes graduated from Huston-Tillotson University in Austin, Texas and has two graduate degrees from Perkins School of Theology at Southern Methodist University.
He was Adjunct Professor of Preaching at Perkins School of Theology at Southern Methodist University for 24 years. Known as much for his community activism as his preaching and teaching, Holmes was elected to the Texas House of Representatives from 1968–1972, while he also served as a United Methodist District Superintendent.
He is widely known from his role as narrator and host of the Disciple Bible Study video series produced by Abingdon Press (Disciple 1).
He was on the Board of Regents of the University of Texas, fron 1991 to 1997.
In 2001, he was recognized as one of the Civil Rights Movement’s “Invisible Giants” in the National Voting Rights Museum and Institute in Selma, Alabama. In 2009, Dallas is naming a middle school for him.
He and his wife, Carrie, reside in Dallas, Texas and Los Angeles, California.
Publications.
He is the author of:
Holmes has also written chapters in "Our Time under God is Now" (1993) and in "Power in the Pulpit: How America’s Most Effective Black Preachers Prepare their Sermons" (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="5984444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984444" title="Chicago International Film Festival">
Chicago International Film Festival

The Chicago International Film Festival is an annual film festival held every fall. Founded in 1964, it is the longest-running competitive film festival in North America.
In 2010, the 46th Chicago International Film Festival presented 150 films from over 50 countries. The Festival's program is composed of many different sections, including the International Competition, New Directors Competition, Docufest, Black Perspectives, Cinema of the Americas, and Reel Women.
International Connections Program.
The International Connections Program was created in 2003 in order to raise awareness of the international film culture and diversity of Chicago, and to make the festival more appealing to audience and staff of various ethnicities. Foreign films are screened for free throughout the city weekly from July through September.
Lifetime Achievement Awards.
Winners of the festival's "Lifetime Achievement Award" include Steven Spielberg, Helen Hunt, Dustin Hoffman, Martin Landau, Shirley MacLaine, Lord Richard Attenborough, François Truffaut, Jodie Foster, Sigourney Weaver, Robin Williams, Manoel de Oliveira, and Clint Eastwood.

</doc>
<doc id="5984450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984450" title="Hela Havula">
Hela Havula

The Hela Havula is a Sinhalese literary organization founded by Munidasa Kumaratunga in 1941. The movement advocates the replacement of Sanskritic words with Hela (native) versions. It was incorporated in 1985. Besides Munidasa Kumaratunga, other prominent members included Sunil Shantha (musician), Amarasiri Gunawadu (poet) Rev. Fr. Moses A. Perera, Raphael (Raipiyel) Tennekoon (poet), Ven. Tirikunamale Ananda Anunayaka Thera, Fr. Marcelline Jayakody (poet, hymn writer), Arisen Ahubudu (poet), Jayantha Weerasekera (journalist), Jayamaha Wellala (poet), Hubert Dissanayake (poet) Alau Isi Sebi Hela (Writer), Ven. Kodagoda Gnanaloka, Prof. Nandadasa Kodagoda (Doctor, singer, lyricist), Mohotti Don David (journalist), Prof. Vinnie Vitharana (author), W. J. M. Lokubandara (former Speaker), Sandagomi Coperehewa (teacher, author & poet), D.V. Richard De Silva (teacher, author) Anandapiya Kudathihi (journalist), Gunapala Senadeera (poet), Jayasekara Abeyruwan (Author, Notary Public) and A Do Chandrasekera. The prestigious journal "Subasa" is a publication of Hela Havula.

</doc>
<doc id="5984462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984462" title="Trinity (Past, Present and Future)">
Trinity (Past, Present and Future)

Trinity (Past, Present and Future) is the third studio album by Slum Village, released on August 24, 2002. 
Overview.
"Trinity" marked the group's first shift away from its original lineup, due to J Dilla's departure following "Fantastic, Vol. 2", to pursue a solo career. Longtime affiliate, Elzhi, joined the remaining members; a move which was initially disapproved by hardcore fans, but with time has been accepted, and even praised.
Another major change was Slum Village's new recording home, Capitol Records, which would subsequently cause problems for the group. Although the first single "Tainted" was a respectable success, the album received poor promotion thereafter. Also, while on tour, Baatin began to experience health problems which lead to a diagnosis of schizophrenia, putting further strain on the group. He soon left, or as he stated at the time was "kicked out while in hospital". The dispute had been long resolved and Baatin had since reunited with T3 and Elzhi in 2008.
With the production element of "Fantastic, Vol. 2" receiving the most acclaim the last time around, filling Dilla's shoes was always going to be a hard task for even the most competent trackmaster, but the team assorted for "Trinity" (including Dilla himself) didn't stray too far from the feel of the previous album. The beats are, perhaps, less jazzy and subtle but even further left of field on tracks like the aptly titled "Insane", and the first of three Dilla contributions, "One". The group's chemistry, while not as freeflowing and snappy as before, remained intact, and there seemed to be a more concentrated effort by each member to match each other's flows and subjects on the same songs.
Critical reaction.
Fans were mainly split between those welcoming the addition of Elzhi and those who were against it and felt that J Dilla was too instrumental in the group's previously established identity to be replaced. Many critics, however, wrote favourable reviews and gave praise for the group's original song concepts as well as Elzhi's lyrical abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5984467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984467" title="Kid Anarchy">
Kid Anarchy

Kid Anarchy was a three-issue comic book series written and illustrated by George Cole and Mike McCarthy, and published by Fantagraphics Books between 1991 and 1992. Set in the Deep South in the fictitious small town of Yamston around the year 1981, it centers around the title character Tommy "Kid Anarchy" Delaney and his tight-knit group of friends.

</doc>
<doc id="5984473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984473" title="Jennifer Vyvyan">
Jennifer Vyvyan

Jennifer Vyvyan (13 March 1925 - 5 April 1974) was a British classical soprano who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and recitals from 1948 up until her death in 1974. She possessed a beautifully clear, steady voice with considerable flexibility in florid music. She was praised for her subtle phrasing and her dramatic gifts enabled her to create vivid individual portrayals. Although she sang a broad repertoire, she is particularly remembered for her association with the works of Benjamin Britten; notably singing roles created for her in the world premieres of several of his operas with the English Opera Group.
On the concert stage, Vyvyan was highly active as an oratorio singer. The warmth and flexibility of her voice made her an outstanding exponent of the music of Purcell, Handel and other baroque composers. She frequently collaborated with the Royal Choral Society, often under conductor Malcolm Sargent, and sang countless performances of Messiah throughout Britain and abroad - not least, with the Berlin Philharmonic.
Biography.
Born in Broadstairs, England, Vyvyan entered the Royal Academy of Music in 1941 where she initially was a piano student. She was convinced by a faculty member to pursue a singing career and began her initial studies as a mezzo-soprano. During her last two and a half years at the conservatory she studied with Roy Henderson who trained her in the soprano repertoire. After graduating in 1947 she went to Milan for further studies and later studied privately with Fernando Carpi in Geneva in 1950. In 1951 she won the Geneva International Singing Competition. 
In 1948 Vyvyan became a member of Benjamin Britten's English Opera Group (EOG), making her professional debut with the company as Jenny Diver in the première of Britten's version of John Gay's "The Beggar’s Opera". She appeared in several more roles with the organization over the next two years, including Nancy in "Albert Herring" and the Female Chorus in "The Rape of Lucretia". In 1951 she created the role of the Matron in the premiere of Brian Easdale's "The Sleeping Children" with the EOG in Cheltenham.
In 1952 Vyvyan joined the roster of principal sopranos at the Sadler's Wells Opera, making a triumphant debut with the company as Konstanze in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail". She returned to that house later in the season to portray Donna Anna in "Don Giovanni". On 8 June 1953 she made her Royal Opera, London debut as Lady Penelope Rich in the world premiere of Britten's "Gloriana", a production organized by the EOG. She sang in another EOG production for her debut at La Fenice on 14 September 1954; this time The Governess in the premiere of Britten's "The Turn of the Screw".
Vyvyan sang in many more world premieres during her career, including Tytania in Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (Aldeburgh Festival, 1960), the Countess de Serindan in Malcolm Williamson's "The Violins of Saint-Jacques" (1966, Sadler’s Wells), various roles in Williamson's "Lucky-Peter’s Journey" (1969, Sadler’s Wells) and Mrs. Julian in Britten’s "Owen Wingrave" (1971, BBC television). She also premiered Arthur Bliss's "The Beatitudes" in the 1962 festival for the opening of Coventry Cathedral, and gave the first UK performance of Britten's "Cantata Academica" in 1961 as well as the UK premiere of Poulenc's" Les Mammelles de Tiresias" (Aldeburgh 1958). Britten's spelling change to use Tytania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" rather than Shakespeare's Titania was a tribute to Vyvyan.
In 1953 Vyvyan portrayed Elettra in "Idomeneo" at the Glyndebourne Festival. Further opera performances and concerts took her to the stages of Milan, Rome, Munich, Vienna, Paris and Amsterdam. In 1955 she undertook a major tour of the Soviet Union as part of a delegation of British artists organised by Sir Arthur Bliss. In 1969 she performed at the Lucerne Festival. She remained a regular presence at the Royal Opera House as well during the 1950s and 1960s.
On the concert stage, Vyvyan performed throughout Europe and the United States under such conductors as Guilini, Bernstein, Kubelik, Monteux, Ansermet, de Sabata, Krips and Britten, excelling in performances of British music. She also appeared often on the radio and on television, including some of the earliest complete operas broadcast on British TV. She excelled in Handel and played a major role in the revival of his operas/oratorios - with pioneering performances of "Athalia, Samson, Amadigi, Rinaldo, Saul", and the first known staging in modern times of "Radamisto" (Sadlers Wells, 1960). She was also known for her interpretations of the soprano solos in Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, Britten's "War Requiem", and Bach's "St John Passion" and "St Matthew Passion".
Having never retired, Vyvyan died from complications of a longstanding bronchial illness on 5 April 1974 at the age of 49.
Recordings.
Vyvyan can be heard on recordings of Britten's "The Turn of the Screw", "The Little Sweep", "Owen Wingrave", "Cantata Academica" and "Spring Symphony", as well as his realisations of Purcell's "The Fairy-Queen" and Gay's "The Beggar's Opera". Her Handel recordings include "Semele", "Saul", and two separate recordings of Messiah; one with conductor Sir Adrian Boult and the other under the baton of Sir Thomas Beecham. She also collaborated with Beecham and the Royal Choral Society on a recording of Beethoven's "Mass in C" with fellow singers Monica Sinclair and Marian Nowakowski. Her recital records include "Songs of England" with Ernest Lush, piano, Mozart arias conducted by Peter Maag, Scarlatti cantatas with Elsie Morison, and Haydn and Mozart concert arias conducted by Harry Newstone. Available appearances on film include a DVD of the original TV production of "Owen Wingrave"

</doc>
<doc id="5984474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984474" title="Melissa Belote">
Melissa Belote

Melissa Louise Belote (born October 16, 1956) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder in two events. She represented the United States at the 1972 Summer Olympics and 1976 Summer Olympics.
Belote was born in Washington, D.C. She grew up in Springfield, Virginia , was a member of the Springfield Swim and Racquet Club, and attended Robert E. Lee High School in Fairfax County, Virginia.
At 15 years old, she won three gold medals at the 1972 Olympic Games. In the 100-meter backstroke, Belote defeated her American teammate and record holder Susie Atwood. In the 200-meter backstroke, Belote set a new world record of 2:19.19.
She retired from the sport in 1979, and was inducted in the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1983.
She currently coaches swim and dive at McClintock High School in Tempe, Arizona and coaches for Rio Salado Swim Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5984491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984491" title="Assault &amp; Battery (Nuclear Assault album)">
Assault &amp; Battery (Nuclear Assault album)

Assault & Battery is a compilation album released by Receiver Records in 1997. Most tracks were previously unreleased or were b-sides from a single.

</doc>
<doc id="5984500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984500" title="Sami as-Solh">
Sami as-Solh

Sami Solh or Sami El Solh (1887–1968) was a Lebanese Sunni Muslim politician. He was a relative of former Lebanese prime ministers Riad Solh, Takieddine Solh and Rashid Solh. He served as Prime Minister of Lebanon five times (1942–43, 1945–46, 1952, 1954–55, and 1956–58).
t

</doc>
<doc id="5984506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984506" title="Hydrangea cinerea">
Hydrangea cinerea

Hydrangea cinerea (ashy or gray hydrangea) is a small to medium sized, deciduous shrub up to 3 m tall; its natural range is interior regions of the southeastern United States. Its common names reflect the ashy or gray appearance of the undersides of its leaves, which results from a dense pubesence.
Range/Habitat.
Ashy hydrangea occurs scattered in mostly upland sites and rocky outcrops in the interior regions of the southeastern United States in the southern sections of the Blue Ridge Mountains from Tennessee to South Carolina, west to Missouri, south to Arkansas, Alabama, and Georgia. It is typically found in neutral, basic or calcareous soils.
Taxonomy.
Ashy hydrangea is similar to the more widespread smooth hydrangea ("Hydrangea arborescens") and the restricted silverleaf hydrangea ("Hydrangea radiata"). At one time both ashy hydrangea and silverleaf hydrangea were considered subspecies of smooth hydrangea. However, most taxonomist now consider them to be separate species, and that usage is adopted here. 
Characteristics.
The inflorescence of ashy hydrangea is a corymb. The showy, sterile flowers (white to near white) are few (0-3 per flowerhead) and are borne around the periphery of the corymb; they are usually greater than 1 cm in diameter. Flowering occurs in late spring or early summer.
The leaves of ashy hydrangea are large (8 to 15 cm long), opposite, serrated, ovate, and deciduous. Lower leaf surfaces are variously pubescent, appearing gray; the trichomes are usually not dense enough to entirely mask the green leaf surface; as seen under magnification, the trichomes have prominent tubercles (bumps).
Uses.
This attractive native shrub is often cultivated for ornamental use. Ashy hydrangea is more tolerant of heat and drought than silverleaf hydrangea. Several popular cultivars (Frosty, Pink Pin Cushion, and Sterilis) are available that have a greater component of showy, sterile flowers.
Ashy hydrangea was probably used medicinally in a similar manner as smooth hydrangea by the Cherokee Indians, and later, by early settlers for treatment of kidney and bladder stones.

</doc>
<doc id="5984508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984508" title="Travancore, Victoria">
Travancore, Victoria

Travancore is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 5 km north-west of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the City of Moonee Valley. At the 2011 Census, Travancore had a population of 1,700. 
The suburb is located between the Tullamarine Freeway and Mount Alexander Road, south of Ormond Road. 
Travancore takes its name from the Travancore Mansion and Estate, a property owned by Henry Madden. Madden purchased the property, previously Flemington House, from the relatives of Hugh Glass in 1906 and renamed the property. Henry exported horses to India (hence the property is named after the Indian state of Travancore). When the land around Travancore Mansion was sub-divided, many of the streets were named in keeping with the Indian theme, such as Lucknow Street, Bengal Street, Cashmere Street and Mangalore Street. 
The Travancore Mansion was purchased by the Victorian Government and became a special education school. The original Flemington House/Travancore Mansion was demolished in the 1940s. The area is now occupied by Travancore Mental Health Service. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984511" title="List of cultural references in The Picture of Dorian Gray">
List of cultural references in The Picture of Dorian Gray

This is a list of cultural references in Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray".
Individual persons referred in the novel.
The number of each chapter of "The Picture of Dorian Gray" in which an individual person is referred is in parentheses alongside his or her name. The chapter numbers are specific to the revised edition of the novel, first published in April 1891.
Fictitious (created by Oscar Wilde).
Seventy-one fictional characters, named in the novel, are Oscar Wilde's creations, and are listed in order of first mention in the novel's text. The listed chapter numbers are of the chapters wherein a person's name is referred, either in full form or in abbreviated form, but not for chapters wherein a person appears anonymously or pseudonymously. Titles and salutations are given only in lieu of a full name, when the full name is not given in the novel. Where a person appears elsewhere in Wilde's oeuvre also is indicated.
Textual variants (original edition).
The character of Mrs Leaf, in the novel's original edition published in July 1890, and her conversation with Dorian Gray, was significantly reduced for the novel's revised edition, first published in April 1891.
Mr Ashton, in the novel's original edition, was renamed Mr Hubbard for the novel's revised edition.
Fictitious (other).
Thirty-one fictional characters named in the novel are not Oscar Wilde's creations. These persons are listed in order of first mention in the novel's text, alongside details of their provenance.
Textual variants (original manuscripts).
Two references to fictitious persons not created by Oscar Wilde, in the original manuscripts of the novel, were excised for the original edition of the novel published in July 1890.
Real/historical.
104 real/historical individuals are referred to explicitly in the novel. These individuals are listed in the order in which they are first mentioned in the text, under the name by which they are most commonly known.
Textual variants (original manuscripts).
8 references to real/historical individuals, in the original manuscripts of the novel, were excised for the original edition of the novel published in July 1890.
Textual variants (original edition).
One reference to a real/historical individual, in the original edition of the novel published in July 1890, was excised for the revised edition of the novel that was first published in April 1891.
Creative works referred to in the novel.
The number of each chapter of "The Picture of Dorian Gray" in which a creative work is referred to is given in parentheses alongside that work's title. These chapter numbers are specific to the revised edition of the novel first published in April 1891.
Chapter numbers are listed only for chapters in which a creative work is referred to explicitly. For chapters in which individuals from particular creative works are referred to, see 'Individuals referred to in the novel', above.
Fictitious.
Two fictitious creative works are referred to in the novel. These creative works are listed in the order in which they are first mentioned in the text.
Real/historical.
Sixteen real/historical creative works are referred to in the novel. These works are listed in the order in which they are first mentioned in the text. Where the work is explicitly quoted in the text, in addition to being referred to, this is indicated.
Textual variants (original manuscripts).
The original manuscripts of the novel contained a reference to an unnamed volume of sonnets by the real/historical individual Paul Verlaine. This was replaced with a reference Émaux et camées, by Théophile Gautier, for the original edition of the novel published in July 1890.
News publications/periodicals referred to in the novel.
The number of each chapter of "The Picture of Dorian Gray" in which a news publication/periodical is referred to is given in parentheses.
6 news publications/periodicals are referred to in the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="5984530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984530" title="Dance Craze">
Dance Craze

Dance Craze is a 1981 British documentary film about the English 2 Tone music genre.
The film was directed by Joe Massot, who originally wanted to do a film only about the band Madness, whom he met during their first US tour. Massot later changed his plans to include the whole 2 Tone movement. The film, shot in 1980, comprised performance footage of Madness, the Specials, the Selecter, the Bodysnatchers, the Beat and Bad Manners on tour throughout the United Kingdom. A soundtrack album of the same name was released the same year, featuring fifteen of the songs that were featured in the film. Later versions of the soundtrack album do not contain the Madness tracks, adding tracks credited to the Special AKA, a name under which the Specials were known.
Soundtrack LP.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="5984533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984533" title="Radiation Sickness (video)">
Radiation Sickness (video)

Radiation Sickness is a VHS by the thrash metal band Nuclear Assault. The video is a recording of a concert at the Hammersmith Odeon, London in 1988. It was released in 1991. Re-released on DVD in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5984540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984540" title="Oshibori">
Oshibori

An or hot towel in English is a wet hand towel offered to customers in places such as restaurants or bars in Japan and in Japanese restaurants worldwide. O-shibori are used to clean one's hands before eating, and have long been a common sight in Japan. Cold oshibori are used in summer, and hot oshibori in winter. In mājan parlors, the words "atsushibo" and "tsumeshibo", from the Japanese words , hot, and , cold, are sometimes used to refer to hot and cold o-shibori respectively.
Derivation of word.
The word o-shibori comes from the Japanese word , meaning "to wring", with the honorific prefix "o-", which is added to several types of nouns, including many nouns related to washing or food; o-nigiri/o-musubi (お握り and お結び) "rice ball" follows the same pattern – see honorific prefix usage. In Japanese script, the word o-shibori is normally written in hiragana (おしぼり), seldom using kanji (お絞り or 御絞り).
O-shibori are also known as "o-tefuki"; "tefuki" refers to ordinary handkerchiefs, and these derive from the Japanese (hand) and , to wipe.
Typical o-shibori.
A typical o-shibori, made of cloth, is dampened with water and wrung. It is then placed on the dining table for customers to wipe their hands before or during the meal. The o-shibori is often rolled or folded and given to the customer on some kind of tray. Even if a tray is not used, it is usually rolled up into a long, thin shape, although this is not necessarily the case with o-shibori provided with, say, bentō lunch boxes.
Many establishments also give out towels made of non-woven cloth or paper, which are generally used once and then disposed of. Paper ones sometimes contain a sterilizing agent such as alcohol or stabilized chlorine dioxide. Paper o-shibori, unlike cloth o-shibori, can be folded and put into a very thin plastic wrapping, for inclusion with packaged products such as bentō lunch boxes in convenience stores.
Hot and cold o-shibori.
An o-shibori can be moistened with hot water at an appropriate temperature or steam to make a hot o-shibori, or placed damp into a refrigerator to make a cold o-shibori suitable for use in summer. Sometimes in Europe it is more commonly known as Hot Towel. Restaurants usually use an electric appliance such as a heating cabinet or refrigerator for this. The heated towel used in barber's shops to moisturize the skin or beard and make it easier to shave can also be thought of as a type of o-shibori.
Rented o-shibori.
As many establishments use o-shibori in large quantities, they often do not prepare them in the store, but instead employ a rental service which launders them, rolls them into the typical cylindrical shape, and delivers them already damp. These rental service companies services frequently wrap each o-shibori individually in a clear, lightweight plastic seal (polyethylene film), which can be easily broken and removed by the customer before using.
Xceed Towels (www.xceedtowels.com.au) is the leading oshibori company in Australia, supplying both cotton and paper towels to every state.
O-shibori dispenser.
Now some beauty salons and dental clinics prefer to use a standalone o-shibori dispenser, with which a freshly made towel is manufactured at the client's request. In this case, the towels are often made of a nonwoven fiber.
Around the world.
"O-shibori" is called "hot towel" in the United States. Most airlines distribute hot towels to international first and business class passengers prior to the first meal on long haul flights.
Sources.
Much of this article was translated from the equivalent article in the Japanese Wikipedia, as retrieved on November 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5984542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984542" title="Mark Coyne (rugby league)">
Mark Coyne (rugby league)

Mark Coyne (born 16 August 1967) is an Australian former rugby league footballer, a state and national representative player. His club career was with the St. George Dragons and the merged St George Illawarra Dragons - he captained both sides. He played principally at centre but sometimes as a winger in his notable representative career.
Club career.
A Queenslander, Coyne was graded with the Brothers club in Brisbane, playing for them in the Grand Final of the 1987 Brisbane Rugby League Grand Final and scoring a try. He then relocated to the St George Dragons in Sydney in 1988. He made his first grade debut in 1989 and impressed with his trademark right foot step.
In Round 14 of the 1991 season, Coyne became the first player to score a try on the famous Adelaide Oval in the first NSWRL premiership match played in South Australia. On a cold and wet night in June, the Dragons defeated the Balmain Tigers 16-2 in front of 28,884 fans, the largest attendance of the 1991 minor round.
In 1992 Coyne played in the Dragons 28-8 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos. Coyne played in the 1993 Grand Final for the Dragons where once again they went down to the Broncos 14-6. 1994 saw Coyne take on the role as captain of St. George, a year when the Dragons failed to make the finals.
Coyne's leadership capabilities were fully acknowledged in 1995 when he was captain of St. George, vice captain of Queensland and made his Test debut for the Kangaroos. 1996 saw Coyne lead the Dragons to another Grand Final, but despite playing a great game himself the Dragons went down controversially to the Manly Sea Eagles 20-8.
In 1998 Coyne was honoured with a testimonial year at St. George and impressively, he chose to donate all the proceeds of that testimonial season to a children's charity.
Coyne retired in 1999, whilst playing for the St. George Illawarra Dragons (a joint venture of the St. George Dragons and the Illawarra Steelers) and after 12 seasons wearing the Dragons' Big Red V. By the end of his career he had played in 9 Test matches; 19 Origins and over 200 first grade matches, of which over 100 were as captain.
Representative career.
Coyne made his State of Origin debut in game II of 1990 for Queensland, after impressive performances in the centres for his club. Mark had to bide his time and wait another two years before being selected for Queensland in games II and III of 1992. In game II that year Coyne popped up a great pass to send Billy Moore over for a try. Queensland went on to win the match 5-4. In 1993 Coyne played in all three games and set up a try for Mal Meninga in game II.
1994 would ultimately provide the most memorable of Coyne's State of Origin appearances and enabled his entry to the annals of Maroon and Origin folklore. In game I, with Queensland down 12-10 and 40 seconds left on the clock, from deep in their own half the Maroons started one of the most memorable try-scoring movements. Allan Langer handled the ball twice in the 11-pass sequence which was finished when Coyne extended his arm in the right corner to thwart the last ditched defensive efforts of Brad Fittler and Ricky Stuart, breaking Blues' hearts in the process and winning the match in a heart-stopping finish. Although NSW went on to win the series 2-1, Channel 9 television commentator Ray "Rabbits" Warren famously stated in his call of the try ""That's not a try that's a miracle"".
Unfortunately for Coyne, St George suffered a severe downturn in form during the second half of the 1994 NSWRL season, though his own form was still good and he was considered unlucky to miss selection for the successful 1994 Kangaroo tour.
Loyal to the ARL during the Super League war Coyne was one of a handful of senior Queensland players available for representative honours that year and along with Trevor Gillmeister and Dale Shearer he brought experience and spirit to the young Queensland side and their novice coach Paul Vautin. History shows that Queensland won the 1995 Origin series 3-nil. Before the 1995 series, Vautin's relatively inexperienced Qld team were not even rated a chance of winning a game against a NSW team that had won the previous 3 Origin series, were coached by Phil Gould and could boast test players Brad Fittler, Tim Brasher, Rod Wishart, Paul McGregor, Greg Florimo, Mark Carroll, Brad Mackay, Geoff Toovey, and future stars Andrew Johns and Steve Menzies
His ARL loyalty was repaid when he made his Australian representative debut in the 1995 Trans-Tasman Test series against New Zealand and he played in the first two Tests of the series, only missing the final test at Suncorp Stadium in Brisbane through injury. The ARL only Kangaroos defeated the Kiwis 3-nill. Later that year he was selected in Australia's 1995 Rugby League World Cup squad, played in two pool games (including losing the opening game of the tournament to England at Wembley Stadium where he scored his first test try), the 30-20 extra-time semi-final win against New Zealand, and was a member of side that won the final against England 16-8 at Wembley.
He was a mainstay of Australian representative sides during the schismatic years of Super League and made further representative appearances against Papua New Guinea, Fiji and a Rest of the World side in 1997.
Later years.
Coyne is currently part of the National Rugby League's judiciary panel and is Chairman of the NRL RLPA Education and Welfare Committee.Mark Coyne is now married to Annie and have 3 children called Sophie Coyne, Elly and James
Career statistics.
207 games for St. George
15 games for St. George Illawarra
19 games for Queensland (State of Origin)
9 games for the Australian Kangaroos 
3 Grand Final appearances: 1992, 1993, 1996 (missed the 1999 Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm due to injury)

</doc>
<doc id="5984545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984545" title="Shinchosha">
Shinchosha


</doc>
<doc id="5984552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984552" title="Tally Ho, Victoria">
Tally Ho, Victoria

Tally Ho is a locality within the suburb of Burwood East, Victoria, Australia. It is in the local government area of the City of Whitehorse. It is centred on the intersection of Burwood Highway and Springvale Road.
Tally Ho is named after a hotel which existed on the corner of Blackburn Road and Highbury Road during the 1870s. The Tally Ho Boys' Village was established in 1903. The name is reflected today in the Tally Ho Business Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5984556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984556" title="Cut in Half and Also Double">
Cut in Half and Also Double

Cut In Half and Also Double is an extremely rare debut album by Canadian artist Emily Haines that she self-released in about 2,000 copies in 1996 in Toronto. The song "Carpet" contains similar lyrics and vocal melodies to those in "Too Little Too Late," which she recorded a decade later with her band Metric. "Pink" finishes with a recording of a homeless woman rambling.
Though the musicians originally asked fans that had gained access to this album to avoid distributing copies via the internet, songs from this solo disc can be found online.
Track listing.
Source: Last.fm

</doc>
