<doc id="2931010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931010" title="Simplified perturbations models">
Simplified perturbations models

Simplified perturbations models are a set of five mathematical models (SGP, SGP4, SDP4, SGP8 and SDP8) used to calculate orbital state vectors of satellites and space debris relative to the Earth-centered inertial coordinate system. This set of models is often referred to collectively as SGP4 due to the frequency of use of that model particularly with two-line element sets produced by NORAD and NASA.
These models predict the effect of perturbations caused by the Earth’s shape (spherical harmonics), drag, radiation, and gravitation effects from other bodies such as the sun and moon. Simplified General Perturbations (SGP) models apply to near earth objects with an orbital period of less than 225 minutes. Simplified Deep Space Perturbations (SDP) models apply to objects further from Earth or those with an orbital period greater than 225 minutes (an altitude of 5,877.5 km, assuming a circular orbit).
The SGP4 and SDP4 models were published along with sample code in FORTRAN IV in 1988 with refinements over the original model to handle the larger number of objects in orbit since. SGP8/SDP8 introduced additional improvements for handling orbital decay.
The SGP4 model has an error ~1 km at epoch and grows at ~1–3 km per day. This data is updated frequently in NASA and NORAD sources due to this error. The original SGP model was developed by Kozai in 1959, refined by Hilton & Kuhlman in 1966 and was originally used by the National Space Surveillance Control Center (and later the United States Space Surveillance Network) for tracking of objects in orbit. The SDP4 model has an error of 10 km at epoch.
Deep space models SDP4 and SDP8 use only 'simplified drag' equations. Accuracy is not a great concern here as high drag satellite cases do not remain in "deep space" for very long as the orbit quickly becomes lower and near circular. SDP4 also adds Lunar–Solar gravity perturbations to all orbits, and Earth resonance terms specifically for 24-hour geostationary and 12 hour Molniya orbits.
Additional revisions of the model were developed and published by the Goddard Space Flight Center in support of tracking of the SeaWiFS mission and the Navigation and Ancillary Information Facility at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in support of Planetary Data System for navigational purposes of numerous, mostly deep space, missions. Current code libraries have merged SGP4 and SDP4 algorithms into a single codebase handling the range of orbital periods which are usually referred to generically as SGP4.
External links.
Source code for algorithm implementations, and TLE interpretation in some cases:

</doc>
<doc id="2931014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931014" title="Trond Giske">
Trond Giske

Trond Giske (born 7 November 1966 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian politician who was Minister of Trade and Industry representing the Norwegian Labour Party in the government headed by Jens Stoltenberg from 2009 to 2013. Known as a political Jack of all trades, he has been referred to as Norway's "Extraordinary minister" () due to his ability to head different departments. 
Giske was elected into the Norwegian parliament for Sør-Trøndelag county in 1997, and served as Minister of Education, Research and Church Affairs in the first cabinet of Jens Stoltenberg 2000-2001. He was re-elected to parliament in 2001, 2005, and 2009. Giske was appointed Minister of Culture and Church Affairs in the Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet. 
As one of the most prominent Labour politicians in Norway, Giske has had numerous appearances in the media. He displays an interest in culturally related subjects such as film, literature and especially football. He is also well known for his personal friendship with members of the Royal family, namely Princess Märtha Louise of Norway and her husband, the author Ari Behn. He is also known for being a big supporter of his home town football club Rosenborg. 
Early life and education.
Born 7 November 1966 in Trondheim, Sør-Trøndelag. He is the son av engineer Bjørn Giske (1938-) and associate professor Norunn Illevold (1935-). He attended both University of Oslo and Norwegian University of Science and Technology receiving a degree in economy in 1997. 
Political career.
Active in the Workers' Youth League from an early age, Giske became the leader of its Trondheim branch in 1988, before becoming the leader of its Sør-Trøndelag branch the following year. In 1992 Giske was elected head of the Workers Youth League as a whole. He served until 1996, the following year he was elected to the parliament, the "Storting" for the first time, he has since been reelected on three occasions. In March 2000 Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg appointed Giske as the new Minister of Education and Church affairs. He would serve in this capacity until the minority Labour government fell in the 2001 elections. 4 years later, the 2005 elections again swept the Labour party to power as a part of the Red-green coalition and Trond Giske was then appointed Minister of Culture. He would remain in this position until October 2009, when as a part of a cabinet reshuffle he was appointed Minister of Trade and Industry, succeeding Sylvia Brustad. 
Minister of Trade and Industry.
In January 2012, Giske received widespread attention for his opposition to the sale of TV 2 to a Danish company. Giske spoke out against the transfer of 100% of TV 2's shares to the Egmont Group, at a price of 2.1 billion NOK (274 million euros), despite Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg stating his government would have no opinion on the case. It was reported that Giske threatened the head of the Telenor Group, Harald Norvik, with the loss of his position if the sale went through.
One of the policies championed during Giskes tenure as minister has been the so-called "salary moderation". The idea is that the leaders of state owned companies or companies where the Norwegian government was majority shareholder should not earn more in salary than their counterparts in the private sector. Giske called on board members and CEO's to adhere to this policy or risk being replaced.
Controversy.
Entra.
In October 2012 Trond Giskes long-time friend and Labour party colleague Rune Olsø was appointed CEO of Entra Eiendom a company wholly owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. Olsø was to receive NOK 4.2 million in salary, which was perceived by some to be in violation of Giske's own policy of moderation. Later it was revealed that the chairman and vice-chairman of the board opposed the appointment of Olsø, but lost the vote due to pressure from members who had personal or political ties to Giske. In the wake of the affair, prime minister Jens Stoltenberg appointed Bård Vegar Solhjell to handle the matter, as Giske had recused himself. Solhjell responded by firing three board members, including two who was largely seen as having close ties to Giske. Ten days after the story broke, Rune Olsø resigned as CEO of Entra.
Telenor.
In October 2012 several media reported that Giske had demanded that his close friend and colleague Tore O. Sandvik be appointed to the board of directors of The Telenor Group, even though the board had stated that Sandvik "was not even close to being qualified", the board also objected due to the fact that Sandvik was considered one of Giskes closest friends. According to the media-reports Giske eventually relented, but only after the board accepted another colleague Hallvard Bakke instead. Giske vehemently denied ever having made the demand, claiming it might have been a mere proposal.
On 25 October it emerged that Giske in 2009, when he was Minister of Culture, had personally appointed Tore O. Sandvik's wife and former party colleague Trine Brænden to the board of directors at the prestigious Trondheim Symphony Orchestra (TSO). Giske stated that they were not close friends.
Personal life.
Giske was in a relationship with Anne Grethe Moe until they separated amicably in 2006. They have one daughter, Una, together. 

</doc>
<doc id="2931020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931020" title="Pendulum-and-hydrostat control">
Pendulum-and-hydrostat control

Pendulum-and-hydrostat control is a simple system for automatically controlling the depth in water of a machine. The hydrostat senses the depth; initially, this function was sometimes performed by a simple bellows. However, with only a hydrostat the system would tend to oscillate around the desired depth. The pendulum, mounted at right angles within the machine, senses the angle at which the machine sits relative to the horizontal. The angle information is combined with the depth information in order to provide control signals to the machine's vertical-plane steering mechanism. The angle information is key in that it provides a damping term to the oscillation.
In control theory the effect of the addition of the pendulum can be explained as turning the simple proportional controller into a proportional-derivative controller since the depth keeping is not controlled by the depth alone anymore but also by the derivative (rate of change) of the depth which is roughly proportional to the angle of the machine.
It was mainly used to control the depth of torpedoes until the end of the Second World War, and reduced depth errors from ±40 feet (12 meters) to as little as ±6 inches (0.15 m).
It was invented by Robert Whitehead and was nicknamed "The Secret".

</doc>
<doc id="2931026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931026" title="Nuvola">
Nuvola

Nuvola (from Italian "cloud", Nuvola as evolution of the SKY icon theme) is a free software icon set under the GNU LGPL 2.1 license, created by David Vignoni. Originally created for desktop environments like KDE and GNOME, it is also available in packages for Windows and Macintosh. The final version, 1.0, contains almost 600 icons. The default set is in the PNG graphics format; an SVG version is also available.
The application icons, in particular, colourfully represent a wide variety of commonplace and easily recognised objects. Most icons are blue, but other colours are present as well.
Uses.
Besides KDE and GNOME, "Nuvola" is used by the Pidgin instant messaging client, the Amarok media player and the KeePass password manager.
Nuvola is the default icon set on the OpenLab GNU/Linux distribution.
They are also used for many purposes on Wikimedia projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2931035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931035" title="Don't Stand Another Chance">
Don't Stand Another Chance

"Don't Stand Another Chance" is the lead single from Janet Jackson's second album, "Dream Street." It was Jackson's second single to enter of the top 10 of the R&B chart, reaching number 9 in 1984.
For the first time, Jackson included the song on her 2008 "Rock Witchu Tour". Jackson also included the song in her performance at the 2010 Essence Music Festival, held in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The song was written by Janet Jackson, with brother Marlon Jackson and musician John Barnes. Marlon Jackson also produced the single and provided backing vocals along with brothers Michael, Tito, and Jackie.
Official Versions/Remixes.
Some of the singles feature the B-side "Rock 'n' Roll", not available elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="2931042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931042" title="Sam Parks, Jr.">
Sam Parks, Jr.

Samuel McLaughlin Parks, Jr. (June 23, 1909 – April 7, 1997) was an American professional golfer, the winner of the U.S. Open in 1935, his only major title.
Born in Bellevue, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh, Parks used his knowledge of the nearby Oakmont Country Club to win in June 1935 at age 25. Although a comparatively recent convert from college and amateur ranks and little-known nationally, Parks, the professional at the nearby South Hills Country Club, was the only player to negotiate Oakmont's furrowed bunkers and shaved greens in less than 300. After winning the U.S. Open, Parks played for the U.S. Ryder Cup team, matched against Alf Perry (the reigning British Open champion), the first time the U.S. Open champion would play the British Open Champion of the same year in the Ryder Cup Match. During that event, at the 36th hole, Parks made a birdie putt to win the hole and tie the match, so that both he the British champ remained undefeated in Ryder Cup play.
Parks, a University of Pittsburgh alumnus who helped found the school's golf team in the 1920s, died in 1997 at age 87 in Clearwater, Florida.
Professional wins (5).
Other wins (4).
"this list may be incomplete"
Major championships.
Results timeline.
"Note: Parks never played in The Open Championship."<br>
NYF = Tournament not yet founded<br>
NT = No tournament<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = Round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="2931047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931047" title="Luang Prabang International Airport">
Luang Prabang International Airport

Luang Prabang International Airport (Lao: ສະຫນາມບິນສາກົນຫຼວງພະບາງ), is one of the few international airports in Laos. The airport is located in Luang Prabang. Until February 2011 it was considered a risky place to land due to the mountainous terrain surrounding the airport, but since then it has been modernized, making the airport significantly safer.
Extension.
In 2011 extension of the airport runway will start. After planned completion in 2013 the airport will be capable of accommodating all large-sized aircraft except the Airbus A380. 

</doc>
<doc id="2931050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931050" title="TV-2 (band)">
TV-2 (band)

TV-2 (stylized as TV·2 or tv.2, short for Taurus Version 2; formerly briefly known as taurus), is a Danish pop rock band group formed in 1981 in Aarhus. The group is composed of Steffen Brandt (lead vocals, guitar and keyboards), Hans Erik Lerchenfeld (guitar), Georg Olesen (bass), and Sven Gaul (drums). Having released 17 studio albums, three live albums and two compilations, they are one of the most successful bands in Danish music history and have always consisted of the same four members.
TV-2 was formed prior to the Danish television station TV 2, which began broadcasting in 1988. Some of their songs, such as "Fantastiske Toyota" (Danish for "Fantastic Toyota"), are known to have commercial like concepts. They used to refer jokingly to themselves as "Danmarks kedeligste orkester" (meaning "Denmark's most boring band").
The band's name is likely a tongue-in-cheek, play on words joke of how similar the guitar line in the song "Stairway to Heaven" by the band Led Zeppelin sounds to that of the much lesser known song "Taurus" by the band Spirit. Songwriting credit and royalties for "Stairway to Heaven" have never been given to the members of Spirit. Meanwhile, "Stairway to Heaven" has become one of the most popular songs ever recorded. Hence, the joke "Taurus Version 2", in reference to "Stairway to Heaven".

</doc>
<doc id="2931056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931056" title="3Com Audrey">
3Com Audrey

The 3Com Ergo Audrey is a discontinued internet appliance from 3Com. It was released to the public on October 17, 2000 for USD499 as the only device in the company's "Ergo" initiative to be sold. Once connected to an appropriate provider, users could access the internet, send and receive e-mail, play audio and video, and synchronize with up to two Palm OS-based devices.
"Audrey" was the brainchild of Don Fotsch (formerly of Apple Computer and U.S. Robotics) and Ray Winninger. Don and Ray had a vision for a family of appliances, each designed for a specific room in the house. The brand "Ergo" was meant to convey that intent, as in "it's in the kitchen, "ergo" it's designed that way". There were plans to serve other rooms in the house as well. They considered the kitchen to be the heart of the home and the control room for the home manager. Don coined the phrase "Internet Snacking" to describe the lightweight web browsing done in this environment.
The name "Audrey" was given to this first product to honor Audrey Hepburn. It was meant to deliver the elegance that she exuded. The project codename was "Kojak", named after the Telly Savalas character. The follow-on product targeted for the family room was code named "Mannix".
3Com discontinued the product on June 1, 2001, in the wake of the dot-com crash, after only seven and a half months on the market. Only 3Com direct customers received full refunds for the product and accessories. Customers who had bought Audrey devices through other vendors were not offered refunds and never even notified about the refunds. The remaining Audrey hardware was liquidated and embraced by the hardware hacker community.
Hardware.
The Audrey is a touchscreen, passive matrix LCD device and came equipped with a stylus. All applications were touch-enabled. Since the standard infrared keyboard was only needed for typing tasks, it could be hung out of the way on the rear of the unit. The stylus was to be placed in a receptacle on the top of the screen with an LED that flashed when email arrived. Buttons on the right side of the screen were used to access the web browser, email application, and calendar, and a wheel knob at the bottom selected different "channels" of push content.
The 3Com Audrey is powered by a 200 MHz Geode GX 1 CPU, with 16 MB of flash ROM and 32 MB of RAM. It measures 9 x 11.8 x 3.0 inches (22.86 x 29.97 x 7.62 cm), and weighs 4.1 pounds (1.86 kg). It is powered by the QNX operating system. The Audrey is equipped with a modem, two USB ports, and a CompactFlash socket. A USB Ethernet adapter was commonly used for broadband subscribers.
The Audrey was also available in such shades as "linen" (off-white), "meadow" (green), "ocean" (blue), "slate" (grey), and "sunshine" (light yellow).
Hacking.
After the demise of official support, the Audrey drew the attention of computer enthusiasts. They quickly discovered an exploit to launch a pterm session. Using privilege escalation techniques, the root password in the passwd file could be edited, opening the box to further experimentation.
Many of the tools for the QNX operating system development platform were quickly adapted for use in the Audrey, including an updated web browser (Voyager), an MP3 player, digital rotating photoframe, and other applications.
The CompactFlash slot was also investigated. Although it could not be used for storage expansion, the Audrey was set to flash its operating system from the slot. Soon, a variety of replacement OS images were distributed among enthusiasts. As the device could utilize an optional Ethernet connection, it was an easy task to mount a remote disk drive served up by a neighboring desktop system, thus allowing for virtually unlimited storage capability.
Similar devices.
Devices similar to the Audrey included the i-Opener and Virgin Webplayer.

</doc>
<doc id="2931062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931062" title="HMS Pegasus">
HMS Pegasus

HMS "Pegasus" is the name which has been given to nine ships in the British Royal Navy. Pegasus was a winged horse in Greek mythology. These ships included:

</doc>
<doc id="2931064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931064" title="Ramaytush people">
Ramaytush people

The Ramaytush were one of the linguistic subdivisions of the Ohlone Native Americans of Northern California. Historically, the Ramaytush inhabited the San Francisco Peninsula between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean in the area which is now San Francisco and San Mateo Counties. 
The Ramaytush were not thought to be a self-conscious socio-political group. Instead they were defined by modern anthropologists and linguists, initially in the early twentieth century as the "San Francisco" Costanoans – the people who spoke a common dialect or language within the Costanoan branch of the Utian family. The term Ramaytush was first applied to them during the 1970s.
Historically, Ramaytush language territory was largely bordered by ocean and sea, except in the south where they bordered the people of the Santa Clara Valley who spoke Tamyen Ohlone and the people of the Santa Cruz Mountains and Pacific Coast at Point Año Nuevo who spoke dialects merging toward Awaswas Ohlone. To the east, across San Francisco Bay, were tribes that spoke the Chochenyo Ohlone language. To the north, across the Golden Gate, was the Huimen local tribe of Coast Miwok speakers. The northernmost Ramaytush local tribe, the Yelamu of San Francisco, were intermarried with the Huchiun Chochenyos of the Oakland area at the time of Spanish colonization.
European disease took a heavy toll of life on all tribal people who came to Mission Dolores after its creation in 1776. The Ohlone people were forced to use Spanish resulting in the loss of their language. Hundreds of Ohlone people at Mission Dolores were taken to the north bay to construct Mission San Rafael which was then used as a hospital for sick neophytes. Alfred L. Kroeber claimed that the west bay people were extinct by 1915. The Muwekma Ohlone Tribe, descendants of closely related Chochenyo and Tamyen Ohlone speakers, have been vocal advocates for Native American issues on the San Francisco Peninsula, as have some Ohlone descendants from the Monterey Bay Area farther south.
Ramaytush tribes and villages.
Ramaytush groups, for the most part independent territorial local tribes, include:
The Yelamu group, probably a multi-village local tribe, with the following villages within the present City and County of San Francisco: 
On San Francisco Bay, south of San Francisco:
On the Pacific Coast, south of San Francisco:
Other Villages (known as Rancherias by the Spanish) listed in San Francisco Mission De Asiss registry that are not given specific locations:

</doc>
<doc id="2931071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931071" title="Vin Garbutt">
Vin Garbutt

Vin Garbutt (born Vincent Paul Garbutt, 20 November 1947, in South Bank, Middlesbrough), is an English folk singer and songwriter. A significant part of his repertoire consists of protest songs covering topics such as "the Troubles" in Northern Ireland ("Troubles of Erin"), unemployment, and social issues.
Early life.
He was born in South Bank, Middlesbrough, the son of an English father and an Irish mother. He discovered folk music while he was still at school, and began visiting and performing at the Rifle Club in Cannon Street, Middlesbrough. After leaving school he was encouraged to become an apprentice at the Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) Wilton chemical plant, near to his home. During this period he often visited Ireland in search of his musical roots. At the age of 21, he threw caution to the winds and became a professional musician. Armed with the rich repertoire of songs he had amassed, he spent the first summer busking his way around the bars of Spain's Mediterranean coast, and on to Morocco via Gibraltar. It was then that he found he had a talent for songwriting.
Back in England in 1972 he recorded his first album for Bill Leader, "The Valley of Tees". This firmly established him as a singer and songwriter of well-crafted socially conscious, and environmentally aware songs.
Middle years.
During 1999 Garbutt celebrated his 30th year as a professional performer. He spent the early part of the year on a world tour, playing extensively in the Far East, Australia and New Zealand. As soon as he got back to England he set off on his “Take It Easy after 30 Years on the Road” tour. To coincide with the tour he released his "Word of Mouth" CD, playing in various British venues to packed theatres. His rambling patter between the songs can take longer than the amount of time singing.
During 2001 Garbutt published the first collection of his songs, "The Vin Garbutt Songbook". The collection spans his career from "The Valley of Tees" written in 1971 to "The Troubles of Erin'" written in 1999. Shortly afterwards the companion CD was issued, Garbutt's first ever compilation CD and another world tour followed in 2004. A health check highlighted a minor health problem but in early 2005 whilst on a sabbatical trip to Spain Garbutt's condition deteriorated. On his return he was hospitalised and a repair made to one of his heart valves. He has since made a full recovery and is back on the road. In his recuperation period he worked on his album "Persona … Grata" which was launched at The Sage Gateshead on 6 October 2005.
Awards.
In 2001 Garbutt won the "Best Live Act” award at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards, and was also nominated for "Folk Singer of the Year" (with the award going to Norma Waterson). Later that year, he was awarded an Honorary Degree of Master of Arts by the University of Teesside. In 2007 he was nominated for "Best Live Act" again at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards, with the award going to Bellowhead.

</doc>
<doc id="2931088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931088" title="USS Delphinus">
USS Delphinus

USS "Delphinus" has been the name of two ships of the United States Navy, named after Delphinus, a northern constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="2931090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931090" title="Emyr Jones Parry">
Emyr Jones Parry

Sir Emyr Jones Parry, GCMG, FInstP (born 21 September 1947) is a retired British diplomat. He is a former British Permanent Representative to the United Nations (UN) and former UK Permanent Representative on the North Atlantic Council (NATO).
Education.
Jones Parry was educated at Gwendraeth Grammar School, and went on to take Theoretical Physics at University College Cardiff (where he was President of the Students' Union) before gaining a PhD degree in polymer physics at St Catharine's College, Cambridge.
Political career.
Jones Parry joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1973 and his first posting was to the British High Commission in Ottawa as First Secretary (1974–79). He returned to the FCO to work in the European Community Department (Internal) for the period 1979–82. Following this he entered the Office of UK Representation to the European Community in Brussels as First Secretary (Energy) and then (Institutions) 1982–86. He followed this with a period as Deputy Head at the Office of the President of the European Parliament (1987–89), before again returning to the FCO as Head of European Community Department (External) (1989–93). His next overseas position was at the British Embassy in Madrid (1993–97), followed by the post of Deputy Political Director in the Foreign Office, where he was also responsible for Balkans and Aegean policy (1996–97).
His next position in 1997 was Director European Union during the 1998 United Kingdom Presidency of the European Union, with overall responsibility for policy, co-ordination and organisation of the presidency. From July 1998 until August 2001 he was again the FCO Political Director.
He took over as Permanent Representative to NATO in September 2001, and held the position until 2003, whereupon he became the Permanent Representative of the UK on the United Nations Security Council in New York.
In 2007 he was appointed Chairman of the All Wales Convention - a body established by the Welsh Assembly Government to review Wales's constitutional arrangements and in particular to spearhead the campaign to increase the powers of the Assembly to a full legislative parliament similar to the Scottish Parliament.
In July 2007, it was announced that Jones Parry would be appointed President of Aberystwyth University, succeeding Lord Elystan Morgan on 1 January 2008.
In March 2008, Jones Parry was appointed as Chair of the Open University Business School's International Advisory board, tasked with supporting the global development of the school.
In 2009 Jones Parry was nominated by the United Kingdom as the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina, according to Wikileaks cables,
Private life.
Sir Emyr is married to Lady Jones Parry (Lynn), with two sons, Mark and Paul. He was promoted from a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) to a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) in the Queen's Birthday Honours List of June 2007.
Sir Emyr is a keen supporter of Glamorgan County Cricket Club and Swansea City Association Football Club. Sir Emyr was also made an honorary fellow of Cardiff University in 2003.
Sources.
1. http://www.aber.ac.uk/aberonline/en/archive/2007/07/uwa8107/
2. http://www.cardiff.ac.uk/about/fellows/previous/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="2931091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931091" title="Spousal privilege">
Spousal privilege

Spousal privilege (also called marital privilege or husband-wife privilege) is a term used in the law of evidence to describe two separate privileges: the communications privilege and the testimonial privilege. Both types of privilege are based on the policy of encouraging spousal harmony, and preventing spouses from having to condemn, or be condemned by, their spouses.
Around the world.
United States.
In the United States, federal case law dictates its permissible and prohibited invocation in trials, while state case law outlines its scope in state courts.
Communications privilege.
The spousal communications privilege or confidences privilege is a form of privileged communication that protects the contents of confidential communications between spouses during their marriage from testimonial disclosure. The privilege applies in civil and criminal cases.
Both the witness-spouse and the party-spouse hold the spousal communications privilege, so either may invoke it to prevent the other from testifying about a confidential communication made during marriage.
The communications privilege begins on marriage, and cannot be invoked to protect confidential communications between now-married spouses that occurred prior to their marriage. Unlike testimonial privilege, the communications privilege survives the end of a marriage, and may be asserted by a spouse to protect confidential communications that were made during the marriage—even after divorce or death.
The spousal communications privilege may not be invoked if the spouses are suing each other or each other's estates in a civil case; if one of the spouses has initiated a criminal proceeding against the other; or in a competency proceeding regarding one of the spouses. These three scenarios are identical to the limitations which also apply to limit the spousal testimonial privilege. Two further scenarios apply to defeat the attachment of the spousal communications privilege: if the confidential communication was made in order to plan or commit crime or fraud, or if a defendant-spouse wishes, in a criminal trial, to testify in her own defense, about a confidential marital communication. In these five cases, a court will not allow either spouse to assert the privilege to block the testimony.
Testimonial privilege.
Spousal testimonial privilege (also called spousal incompetency and spousal immunity) protects the individual holding the privilege from being called to testify by the prosecution against his/her spouse/the defendant. A minority of states apply testimonial privilege in both criminal and civil cases. For example, under California Evidence Code ("CEC") §970, California permits the application of testimonial privilege to both civil and criminal cases, and includes both the privilege not to testify as well as the privilege not to be called as a witness by the party adverse to the interests of the spouse in the trial.
Under U.S. federal common law, the spousal testimonial privilege is held by the witness-spouse, not the party-spouse, and therefore does not prevent a spouse who wishes to testify from doing so. The rationale of this rule is that if a witness-spouse desires to testify against the party-spouse, there is no marital harmony left to protect through the obstruction of such testimony. This common law principle is the view in a minority of U.S. states. A majority of U.S. jurisdictions, however, do not follow U.S. federal common law; in most states, the party-spouse, and not the witness-spouse, is the holder of spousal testimonial privilege.
Spousal testimonial privilege covers observations, such as the color of the clothing the party-spouse was wearing on a certain day, as well as communications, such as the content of a telephone conversation with the party-spouse.
The witness-spouse may invoke testimonial privilege regarding events which occurred (1) during the marriage, if the spouses are still married; and (2) prior to the marriage if he is married to his spouse in court proceedings at the time of trial. If, by the time the trial occurs, the spouses are no longer married, the former spouse-witness may testify freely about any events which occurred prior to, after, or even during the marriage. Spousal testimonial privilege, in other words, only lasts as long as the marriage does.
Spousal testimonial privilege may not be invoked if the spouses are suing each other or each other's estates in a civil case; if one of the spouses has initiated a criminal proceeding against the other; or in a competency proceeding regarding one of the spouses.
Both rules may be suspended depending on the jurisdiction in the case of divorce proceedings or child custody disputes, but are suspended in cases where one spouse is accused of a crime against the other spouse or the spouse's child. Courts generally do not permit an adverse spouse to invoke either privilege during a trial initiated by the other spouse, or in the case of domestic abuse. The privileges may also be suspended where both spouses are joint participants in a crime, depending on the law of the jurisdiction.
England and Wales.
While spousal communications in England and Wales are no longer privileged, section 80 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (as amended) gives spouses or civil partners of defendants protection against being compelled by the prosecution to testify, except in limited circumstances.
A spouse or civil partner of a defendant is almost always considered a competent witness for either side, and may choose to testify for or against their spouse. A defendant may, when relevant, compel their spouse or civil partner to testify on their behalf. The prosecution however, may only compel the testimony of the defendant's spouse or civil partner in cases of domestic abuse or violence or sexual offences towards persons under 16. When the spouse or civil partner is a co-defendant to the charges, they may not be compelled to testify.
Note that while this gives special recognition to spousal relationships and civil partnerships, the law does not provide for a privilege and it is never possible to exclude evidence solely on the basis that it was a private conversation between a married couple.
Australia.
In Australian law, both the common law privilege of confidentiality between married people and the privilege of spouses not to testify against each other were assumed to have continued with the "reception" of English law.
On 30 November 2011, the High Court of Australia decided that neither privilege existed in common law.

</doc>
<doc id="2931101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931101" title="Johan Cruijff – En un momento dado">
Johan Cruijff – En un momento dado

Johan Cruijff – En un momento dado is a 2004 documentary film by Ramon Gieling on the life of Dutch footballer Johan Cruijff.

</doc>
<doc id="2931105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931105" title="Darfur Peace and Accountability Act">
Darfur Peace and Accountability Act

The Darfur Peace and Accountability Act (H.R. 3127/S. 1462) or DPAA restates the United States government's position that the Darfur conflict constitutes genocide, asks the government to expand the African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur (AMIS) and give the force a stronger mandate, including more generous logistical support. It also directs the government to assist the International Criminal Court to bring justice to those guilty of war crimes in Darfur, Sudan. It was passed by the House and Senate and signed into law by President Bush on 13 October 2006 along with a companion executive order.
Legislative history.
The House's DPAA bill (H.R. 3127) was introduced on June 30, 2005, by Rep. Henry Hyde (R-IL). There were 162 co-sponsors of the bill. H.R. 3127 passed in the House 416 to 3 on 5 April 2006.
The Senate's DPAA bill (S. 1462) was introduced on 21 July 2005, by Sen. Sam Brownback (R-KS). There were 38 senators who co-sponsored the bill. S. 1462 was passed by the Senate by unanimous consent on 18 November 2005, with some alterations.
The bill then went to conference committee, as the House and Senate attempted to reconcile the differences between their two versions of the bills. Sen. Richard Lugar (R-IN), chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, held the bill in this committee over concerns relating to divestment. The bill was approved by the Senate in revised form on 21 September and passed the House in revised form on 25 September. Shortly thereafter, California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a public letter to President Bush urging him to sign the bill, and many members of Congress did the same.
On 13 October 2006, President Bush signed the bill into law. He also signed a companion executive order ("see "Provisions," below").
Forerunners to the DPAA.
The Darfur Accountability Act (S. 495) was introduced on 2 March 2005, by former Sen. Jon Corzine (D-NJ). There were 40 senators who co-sponsored the bill. The Darfur Accountability Act was the first piece of binding Darfur-related legislation introduced in the Senate. The bill directed the president to identify and target individuals responsible for the genocide in Darfur. The United States would freeze assets and deny visas to these individuals.
The Darfur Genocide Accountability Act (H.R. 1424) was introduced on March 17, 2005, by Rep. Donald Payne (D-NJ). There were 133 co-sponsors of the bill. The Darfur Genocide Accountability Act was the first piece of binding Darfur-related legislation introduced in the House. The bill was not taken up for a vote and ultimately died, though elements of the bill showed up in the DPAA. The provisions of the Darfur Genocide Accountability Act included targeted sanctions against Sudanese governmental officials, restricted functionality of the Sudanese embassy in the United States, authorization for the president to use force to stop the genocide, and denial of port entry to ships conducting business with Sudan.
Subsequent Bills.
As a result of the removal of "Section 11," protecting individual U.S. states from lawsuits arising from divestment, Rep. Barbara Lee introduced a new bill (H.R. 6140) containing the stripped provision.
Provisions of the DPAA.
As described in the text of the bill, the DPAA:
The second item refers to granting AMIS a Chapter VII mandate as opposed to a Chapter VI mandate, allowing it to intervene regardless of permission from the government of Sudan. The final item, which would have protected individual U.S. states from lawsuits arising from divestment, was stripped when the original House bill reached the Senate.
Companion Executive Order.
In signing the DPAA, Bush also issued Executive Order 13412 strengthening some sanctions on the government of Sudan but loosening restrictions on Southern Sudan.
In his letter to the Speaker of the House and the United States Senate, Bush wrote:
Pursuant to IEEPA and the NEA, I determined that the Government of Sudan continues to implement policies and actions that violate human rights, in particular with respect to the conflict in Darfur, where the Government of Sudan exercises administrative and legal authority and pervasive practical influence, and that the Government of Sudan has a pervasive role in the petroleum and petrochemical industries in Sudan. In light of these determinations, and in order to reconcile sections 7 and 8 of the DPAA, I issued this order to continue the country wide blocking of the Government of Sudan's property and to prohibit transactions relating to the petroleum and petrochemical industries in Sudan.
Voting records.
The DPAA was one of three Senate bills scored in the Genocide Intervention Network's congressional scorecard for the 109th Congress, and its companion House bill was one of five pieces of legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="2931107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931107" title="Geiger–Nuttall law">
Geiger–Nuttall law

In nuclear physics, the Geiger–Nuttall law or Geiger–Nuttall rule relates the decay constant of a radioactive isotope with the energy of the alpha particles emitted. Roughly speaking, it states that short-lived isotopes emit more energetic alpha particles than long-lived ones. 
The relationship also shows that half-lives are exponentially dependent on decay energy, so that very large changes in half-life make comparatively small differences in decay energy, and thus alpha particle energy. In practice, this means that alpha particles from all alpha-emitting isotopes across many orders of magnitude of difference in half-life, all nevertheless have about the same decay energy.
Formulated in 1911 by Hans Geiger and John Mitchell Nuttall, in its modern form the Geiger–Nuttall law is
where "λ" is the decay constant (λ = ln2/half-life), "Z" the atomic number, "E" the total kinetic energy (of the alpha particle and the daughter nucleus), and "a"1 and "a"2 are constants.
The law works best for nuclei with even atomic number and even atomic mass. The trend is still there for even-odd, odd-even, and odd-odd nuclei but not as pronounced.
Cluster decays.
The Geiger-Nuttall Law has even been extended to describe cluster decays [http://prola.aps.org/pdf/PRC/v70/i3/e034304], decays where atomic nuclei larger than Helium are released, e.g. Silicon and Carbon.
Derivation.
A simple way to derive this law is to consider an alpha particle in the atomic nucleus as a particle in a box. The particle is in a bound state because of the presence of the strong interaction potential. It will constantly bounce from one side to the other, and due to the possibility of quantum tunneling by the wave though the potential barrier, each time it bounces, there will be a small likelihood for it to escape.
A knowledge of this quantum mechanical effect enables one to obtain this law, including coefficients, via direct calculation.[http://www.phy.uct.ac.za/courses/phy300w/np/ch1/node38.html] This calculation was first performed by physicist George Gamow in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="2931111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931111" title="Tropical Storm Alpha (disambiguation)">
Tropical Storm Alpha (disambiguation)

The name Alpha or Alfa has been used for two subtropical cyclones and one tropical storm in the Atlantic Ocean. It was used to name subtropical storms for a time before the modern naming lists were instituted, and is used to name the first storm in excess of the last name on the basin's list (see hurricane naming).
In the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, the list was exhausted and Alpha was used to name the season's twenty-second tropical storm:

</doc>
<doc id="2931136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931136" title="Yellow Generation">
Yellow Generation

Yellow Generation (known as YeLLOW Generation in Japan) was a female J-pop trio signed under Sony Music Japan's DefSTAR Record label from 2002-2006. The group was best known for the singles Kitakaze to Taiyō (北風と太陽 North wind and sun), and , which was the second ending theme for the anime "Fullmetal Alchemist".
The trio was made up of the members Yuki (ユキ), Yūko (ユウコ), and Hitomi (ヒトミ). Altogether the band had released two albums and nine singles, but after a year of silence the band finally decided to part ways on November 15, 2006.
Albums.
CARPE DIEM - December 11, 2002
life-sized portrait - October 10, 2005
Singles.
LOST GENERATION - June 5, 2002
北風と太陽 "(Kitakaze to Taiyō)" - August 21, 2002
CARPE DIEM~今,この瞬間を生きる~ "(CARPE DIEM ~Ima, kono Shunkan o Ikiru~)" - November 20, 2002
うたかた "(Utakata)" - May 14, 2003
夜空に咲く花~eternal place~ "(Yozora ni Saku Hana ~eternal place~)" - September 18, 2003
扉の向こうへ "(Tobira no Mukō e)" - January 28, 2004
YELLOW - April 6, 2005
トリトマ "(Tritoma)" - July 13, 2005
Dual - December 7, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="2931143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931143" title="Ciclovía">
Ciclovía

Ciclovía (, ), also "ciclovia" or "cyclovia", is a Spanish term that means "cycleway", either a permanent bike path or the closing of certain streets to automobiles for cyclists and pedestrians, a practice sometimes called open streets. 
Origins in Colombia.
Each Sunday and public holiday from 7 am until 2 pm certain main streets of Bogotá, Cali, Medellín, and other municipalities are blocked off to cars for runners, skaters, and bicyclists. At the same time, stages are set up in city parks. Aerobics instructors, yoga teachers and musicians lead people through various performances. Bogotá's weekly ciclovías are used by approximately 2 million people (about 30% of the population) on over 120 km of car-free streets.
The inspiration for Ciclovías is credited to Bogotá, Colombia. The events have taken place since 1976 when they started through the efforts of organizer Jaime Ortiz and others. Some credit Bogotá Mayor Hernando Duran Dussan with starting Ciclovías in the early 1980s. Mayor Enrique Peñalosa deserves some credit for turning Bogotá into a safer cycling city by taking on the dominance of automobiles in the late 1990s. In Bogotá, permanently designated bikeways are also known as ciclorutas, while streets temporarily closed for that purpose are called ciclovías.
In 2007, a Colombian congressman, José Fernando Castro Caycedo, proposed a law banning Ciclovia, charging that it caused traffic jams. Ciclovia users protested the change, and received support from ex-mayors Peñalosa and Samuel Moreno, as well as several members of the city council and other congressmembers. The proposal was defeated.
Ciclovía in other countries.
Australia.
In Melbourne, the Moreland city council has held two Cyclovia events, on 28 May 2006 and 13 April 2008. A section of the busy arterial Sydney Road was car-free for six hours. Bicycles and pedestrians filled the road, and trams also flowed as normal. A smaller (1.5 km long) section of same road is closed off to trams as well as motorised vehicles for the Sydney Road Street Party in the late southern summer each year.
Argentina.
Rosario was the first city in Argentina to hold an official Ciclovia, called "Calle Recreativa". Each Sunday and holiday few important avenues of Rosario, are blocked off for the event to become carfree. From 8 am to 1 pm, runners, skaters and bicyclists take over the streets. Rosario's weekly ciclovías are used by approximately 30.000 thousand people on over 13 km of carfree streets.
Buenos Aires started its Ciclovías network in 2009, and as of 2013 it covers more than 100 km and continues expanding.
Belgium.
Brussels hosted its first Cyclovia on August 21, 2011. About 10 km of roads were totally or partially closed, with a course spanning from the Cinquantenaire Park throughout the centre of the city ending at the western boundary of the Small ring (Brussels). Another event is planned for September 11, 2011.The second Belgian Cyclovia will take place on the June 17, 2012.
Brazil.
Walkable city streets are commonly closed on Sunday in major cities, one notable example being Avenida Atlântica in Copacabana, Rio De Janeiro.
Canada.
Halifax held an event called Switch Open Streets on September 9, 2012 and planned to hold three more in 2013, beginning June 9, 2013. The first Switch attracted approximately 35,000 people and the event aims to create community ownership so that it may take place on more Sundays every year.[http://thechronicleherald.ca/hcw/136574-mombourquette-event-highlights-what-makes-a-city-work In March 2012, Gil Penalosa visited Halifax.
Winnipeg was the first city in Canada to hold an official Ciclovia, on Sunday, September 13, 2009. The event saw thousands of people crowd Broadway on bikes, skateboards and on foot. The event was such a success that organizers, the Downtown Winnipeg BIZ, hope to make it an annual event.
Vancouver will hold its first Ciclovias, called Vancouver LiveStreets, on June 26, 2011 and September 11, 2011. The events are a partnership between The City of Vancouver and the Vancouver Area Cycling Coalition (VACC).
Calgary, Alberta has hosted the Bow River Flow since 2009. Most recently, on August 21, 2011, it saw the opening of two lanes of the Memorial Drive Parkway for thousands of Calgarians to enjoy dozens of participatory activities in a non-consumeristic street festival
Bow River Flow. Organizers have proposed larger scale multi-day events for 2012.
Hamilton is holding its seventh Open Streets event, based on the Ciclovia movement on June 23, 2013. The event is organized by a group of community partners and invites people to walk ride or roll down town through over 2K of James St. N car free.
Ottawa has been the site of Ciclovías-type street closures since 1970. Every Sunday morning during the summer over 50 kilometres of roads in the heart of Ottawa and nearby Gatineau Park are reserved for cyclists, in-line skaters, runners, and pedestrians. This initiative is called the Sunday Bikedays Program.
Ecuador.
The first Ciclopaseo in Quito took place in April 2003 [http://www.eluniverso.com/2003/04/27/0001/12/7EC5FCFC3D8E4AB7A7AFBA33ED0CD6CF.html] when the path was only 9.5 km and 3,000 people participated. At that point, Ciclopaseos were only held on the last Sunday of every month but the event grew in popularity. In six months the route had grown to 20 km with 25,000 participants.
The Ciclopaseo is a project organized by the local organization Ciclopolis to promote urban cycling, sustainable transportation, and community building in Quito. A route of 30 km running from the North to South of the city is closed to traffic every Sunday from 8 am until 2 pm to give preference to bicyclers and pedestrians.
The project was partially inspired by the Ciclopaseo in the neighboring capital of Bogota, Colombia. The mayor of Bogota, Antanas Mockus, rode alongside Quito's mayor, Paco Moncayo, in the second monthly Ciclopaseo of May, 2003. [http://www.hoy.com.ec/noticias-ecuador/ciclopaseo-con-el-alcalde-bogotano-147213.html] The Ciclopaseo of June was the first themed event that emphasized children, followed by the event "Quito is for Everyone" in June, which featured the winners of the Special Olympics.
The Ciclopaseo began 2005 by doubling its frequency to every fifteen days and in May 2009 became a weekly event and takes place every Sunday. [http://www.hoy.com.ec/noticias-ecuador/ciclopaseo-es-semanal-desde-el-domingo-346287.html
Mexico.
Mexico City has several circuits, the most important runs 59 kilometers from Polanco to Fierro del Toro; more information at the government's website. Guadalajara also has almost 60 kilometers of ciclovia routes named "Vía RecreActiva" (RecreActive Way) established for use Sundays 08:00 to 14:00.
New Zealand.
Waiheke Island, about 17.7 km (about 35 minutes by ferry) from Auckland, has had two ciclovia events, in 2009 and 2010, when groups headed by Cycle Action Waiheke temporarily closed "The Esplanade", a gravel road between Blackpool and Surfdale, to motor traffic.
Christchurch held its inaugural "Open Streets" ciclovia on September 29, 2013 (postponed from July 14 due to bad weather). Approximately 3 km of streets in central Christchurch were closed to motor traffic for six hours, to celebrate the re-opening of the CBD earthquake cordon. A wide range of activities and demonstrations were held throughout the day, including bike fix-ups, public art displays, bike polo, urban orienteering, a bike parade, and numerous musicians and entertainers.
Auckland launched its inaugural ciclovia on February 8, 2014. The city’s harbour edge from Britomart Place through to Silo Park in Wynyard Quarter was closed to publicise the ambition to turn Quay Street into a world-class boulevard, removing traffic from Quay Street and to encourage greater investment in cycling from Auckland Transport.
Wellington held its inaugural Ciclovia on the Miramar Peninsula on February 16, 2014. 3.5 km of road were closed to traffic and opened to people on foot, bikes, scooters, skateboards and mobility scooters. The event showcased the Miramar Peninsula section of the Great Harbour Way/Te Aranui o Pōneke - a 72 km route around the perimeter of the Wellington harbour. Wellington's first Ciclovia was coordinated by the Great Harbour Way Trust, in collaboration with Cycle Aware Wellington, Living Streets Aotearoa and a local Rotary group. The event attracted 2,400 people and created support for future events.
Peru.
Lima now has a ciclovia. As one of the first programs undertaken by the administration of the Lima mayor Susana Villaran, the major road Avenida Arequipa is closed to motorized traffic every Sunday from 7am to 1pm, since February 2011.
United States.
Atlanta, Georgia held its first ciclovia called Atlanta Streets Alive on May 23, 2010. Road closures, totaling just under , included Edgewood and Auburn Avenues in Downtown Atlanta. Approximately 6,000 people attended. A second event including a slightly expanded route was held on October 17, 2010. Atlanta has continued to host a series of closed streets events. There are total of four events planned for 2014. The most recent event, held on Highland Avenue in October 2013 attracted an estimated 82,000 people.
Austin, Texas hosted its first ciclovia event on May 20, 2012 called "Viva! Streets Austin".
Baltimore, Maryland hosts regular Ciclovias.
Cambridge, Massachusetts has opened Memorial Drive to bicycle and pedestrian traffic only on Sundays from April to November since 1976.
Chicago, Illinois planned a ciclovia for two Sundays in October 2008.
Clearwater, Florida hosted Sunday Ciclovía on March 1, 2009, and again on April 26, 2009, after the first event was cancelled due to severe weather. The event was initiated by the city's East Gateway District in downtown to encourage social interaction and community building among diverse population groups. Sunday Ciclovía hours were 8am to 2pm and the route was in length.
Cleveland, Ohio hosted two ciclovia-type events in August 2006 which were attended by approximately 10,000 people. The event was spearheaded by two individuals, Lois Moss and Julia Sutter, and was funded by a grant from the Cleveland Foundation's Civic Innovation Lab. In 2007, Walk+Roll Cleveland coordinated five community street-closing events and in 2008 the Walk+Roll program expanded to Lakewood, Ohio. For 2009, Walk+Roll is being held in two additional Cleveland neighborhoods. The events have been held on Saturdays and on Sundays and are generally in the mid-day rather than very early mornings. Additionally, the Walk+Roll organization has been helping communities all across the U.S. by providing guidance, information and consulting services on how to bring ciclovias to new locations.
Denver, Colorado, plays host to Viva Streets Denver, created by non-profits LiveWell Colorado and BikeDenver. Since 2011, the 1-day, car-free event in August each year has attracted 10,000 residents. The event has taken place in Park Hill (2011, 2012) and the Berkeley Regis neighborhood (2013). The goal of Viva Streets is to introduce the public to the many benefits that come from increased walking and biking in local communities, and highlight safe and active transportation.
Durham, North Carolina started its first ciclovia in 2010. Bull City Summer Streets 
El Paso, Texas ran a ciclovía each Sunday in May 2007.
The program has since been renamed Scenic Sundays (the events occur on Scenic Drive) and runs April through August.
Fort Worth, Texas held Open Streets Fort Worth on October 23, 2011 on Magnolia, 5th Avenue, and Allen, and on October 30, 2011 on South Main, Broadway, and Jennings.
Honolulu, Hawaii hosted the state's first Cyclovia "Hele On Kailua" in 2012, which is now an annual event.
Ithaca, NY started hosting bi-annual ciclovias in 2012 and the event has grown in popularity and has been embraced by the community and its local organizations.
Las Cruces, New Mexico started holding ciclovîas on the last Sunday of each month, starting in March 2008. They were held at the city's Meerscheidt Recreation Center in 2008,
and in 2009 moved to Young Park.
Activities include biking, walking, dance, Wii, Bungee Run, aerobics, and weight training.
The Las Cruces ciclovías are put on by a partnership of the New Mexico Department of Health, New Mexico State University's Southern Area Health Education Center, the Cooperative Extension Service from NMSU's College of Agriculture and Home Economics, the City of Las Cruces, Southern New Mexico Diabetes Outreach, and the Doña Ana County Diabetes Action Coalition.
Los Angeles, California had its first CicLAvia on October 10, 2010, starting at 10:10 a.m.. CicLAvias have been held two to three times a year ever since with an expanding variety of routes. The route always has a hub in Downtown Los Angeles and often branches out to iconic streets such as Wilshire Boulevard and Venice Boulevard. It is estimated that as many as 150,000 people attended the April 21, 2013 "CicLAvia to the Sea",
Lincoln, Nebraska hosts an annual "Streets Alive!" event with health related vendors and entertainers along the route.
Louisville, Kentucky hosts an annual event. cycLOUvia 
Madison, Wisconsin has continued to host the event twice each year since its first "Ride the Drive" event in August 2009. A circular path of streets is closed to automobile traffic and residents are encouraged to bike, walk, or rollerblade the loop. Family fun and fitness activities are offered at parks and businesses along the route.
Miami, Florida held its first ciclovia, called Bike Miami, [http://bikemiamiblog.wordpress.com] in 2008, as part of the City of Miami's Bicycle Action Plan. The event was created and hosted by the then-mayor, Manny Diaz, who decided to make it a monthly event. On March 14, 2009, the City of Miami became the first US city to host 5 cyclovias. The monthly event, called Bike Miami Days, is supposed to promote livable streets and community as well as cycling and walking.
Minneapolis, Minnesota held its first Open Streets [http://openstreetsmpls.com] event in 2011, with the second in the following year.
New Brunswick, NJ hosted its first ciclovia event on October 6, 2013 and is continuing to hold future ciclovia events.
New York City currently runs a yearly ciclovia called SummerStreets. Started in 2008 and still-running as of 2013., almost seven miles (11 km) of road from 72nd st to the Brooklyn Bridge turns into a car-free route in the morning hours for three August Saturdays.
Portland, Oregon has run several ciclovia, called "Sunday Parkways", having undertaken their first one on June 22, 2008, three in 2009, and five in 2010. The City continues to host five Sunday Parkways events each year, one each month beginning in May. The event is from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. and takes place in a different neighborhood each month of the summer through to September.
Roanoke, Virginia held its first Ciclovia in 2009.
San Antonio, Texas has held several such events.
San Francisco, California hosted its first Ciclovia-styled events in 2008. Called "Sunday Streets" the events take place in different areas of the city.
San Mateo County, California holds an event named "Streets Alive San Mateo County"—participating cities include Belmont, Brisbane, Foster City, Millbrae, North Fair Oaks, Redwood City, San Mateo, and South San Francisco. See http://streetsalivesmc.org/ for more information.
Spokane, Washington held Summer Parkways on July 11 and August 22, 2010. The events were presented jointly by the City, The Parks and Recreation Department, and the SpokeFest Association. It linked downtown Riverfront Park with Corbin Park, up Howard Street, for a total of of car-free activities.
Tucson, Arizona held its first cyclovia event on April 18, 2010. It included the closure to motor vehicles of portions of four main bicycle arteries (4th Ave, University/3rd St, Mountain and Seneca), along with a variety of activities along the route.
Wayne County, Michigan has held ciclovias on the Edward N. Hines Parkway since 1983. Called "Saturday in the Park," six miles (10 km) of the parkway are closed to motorized vehicles between Outer Drive Road and Ann Arbor Trail. These events are held from 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. on every Saturday from May through September. Edward N. Hines was Chief Consul of the League of American Wheelmen (Bicyclists) Michigan Division during the 1890s and one of the most important innovators in road development.
Israel.
While not an officially organized cycling event, traffic in Israel stops (except for emergency vehicles) in observance of Yom Kippur. Cycling enthusiasts of the Hiloni stream and other religions take advantage of this, and roads (except in religious neighborhoods) become de facto cycleways. The days before Yom Kippur are the busiest of the year in bicycle stores. During Yom Kippur, emergency services often report an increase in calls for treatment for people who combined the customary fasting with physical overexertion.

</doc>
<doc id="2931149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931149" title="Parr">
Parr

Parr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931151" title="Civic engagement">
Civic engagement

Civic engagement or civic participation has been defined as "Individual and collective actions designed to identify and address issues of public concern." Civic engagement has many elements, but in its most basic sense it is about decision making, or governance over who, how, and by whom a community's resources will be allocated. The principle of civic engagement underscores the most basic principle of democratic governance, i.e. that sovereignty resides ultimately in the people (the citizenry). Civic engagement is about the right of the people to define the public good, determine the policies by which they will seek the good, and reform or replace institutions that do not serve that good. Civic engagement can also be summarized as a means of working together to make a difference in the civil life of our communities and developing the combination of skills, knowledge, values, and motivation in order to make that difference. It means promoting a quality of life in a community, through both political and non-political processes.
Forms.
Civic engagement can take many forms—from individual volunteerism to organizational involvement to electoral participation. It can include efforts to directly address an issue, work with others in a community to solve a problem or interact with the institutions of representative democracy. Another way of describing this concept is the sense of personal responsibility individuals feel to uphold their obligations, as part of any community. "Youth civic engagement" has identical aims, only with consideration for youth voice.
A study published by the Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning & Engagement at Tufts University, divided civic engagement into 3 categories: civic, electoral, and political voice. Scholars of youth engagement online have called for a broader interpretation of civic engagement that focuses on the purpose behind current institutions and activities and include emerging institutions and activities that achieve the same purposes. These civic engagement researchers suggest that the reduction of civic life into small sets of explicitly electoral behaviors may be insufficient to describe the full spectrum of public involvement in civic life.
An alarm was sounded at the beginning of the 21st Century about changes in civic participation patterns by Robert Putnam in his provocative book, Bowling Alone. Putnam argued that despite rapid increases in higher education opportunities that may foster civic engagement, Americans were dropping out of political and organized community life. A number of studies suggested that while more youth are volunteering, fewer are voting or becoming politically engaged.
Civic Engagement in the Role of Local Government.
Civic engagement is a community builder. When civic engagement is done properly, you begin to build the community and the participation within the local side of government. Civic engagement and community work is basically a side by side concurrence that together can each help to grow your community and help start off with a strong foundation for the role of government.
“Be open to outcome, not attached to outcome.” –Angeles Arrien
Benefits of Civic Engagement in Local Government
Civic Engagement in the Role of State Government.
Application in Health.
• States implement public health programs to better benefit the needs of the society. The State Child Health Insurance Program, for example, (SCHIP) is the largest public investment in child health care aiding over 11 million uninsured children in the United States. “This statewide health insurance program for low-income children was associated with improved access, utilization, and quality of care, suggesting that SCHIP has the potential to improve health care for low-income American children.". States take part in the program and sculpt it to better fit the needs of that state’s demographics, making their healthcare and the civic engagement process of individuals that take part in the program as well help reform and fix it apart of the state’s identity.
The Importance of Voter Turnout in Civic Engagement.
The goal for state government in elections is to promote civic engagement. Director Regina Lawrence of Annette Strauss Institute for Civic Life states “Politics and all other forms of engagement are really about trying to make your community, your state, and your nation a better place to live.” 
Voter Turnout ensures civic engagement among the state with incentives that promises volunteer organizations, charity, and political involvement with everyone in the community who will have a voice to be heard.
The state can help promote civic engagement by ensuring fair voter and redistricting processes; by building partnerships among government agencies, non-profit organizations, and private citizens; and by maintaining networks of information about volunteer and charitable opportunities.
One of the main factors that determine civic engagement among the people is voter turnout. Voter turnout gauges citizens’ level of political involvement, an important component of civic engagement—and a prerequisite for maintaining public accountability.
Example of High Voter Turnout
• The state can help promote civic engagement by ensuring fair voter and redistricting processes; by building partnerships among government agencies, non-profit organizations, and private citizens; and by maintaining networks of information about volunteer and charitable opportunities.
• There is easy access to information about government activities, decision-making, solicit and use public input, and encourage public employees to donate and serve.
Example of Low Voter Turnout
Low participation with politics in the state and local government can result in less community involvement. Civic engagement may not be a concern to the people due to lack of funding and leadership directed towards that issue of community involvement.
The Role of Higher Education.
To answer this challenge, the incorporation of service learning into collegiate course design has gained acceptance as a pedagogy that links curricular content with civic education. In a recent study, students who participated in service learning even one time appear to have made gains in knowledge of and commitment to civic engagement when compared to non-service learners. Campus Compact, a coalition of nearly 1200 college presidents (as of 2013) promotes the development of citizenship skills by creating community partnerships and providing resources to train faculty to integrate civic and community-based learning into the curriculum. The American Democracy Project (ADP) was launched in the same year by the American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU).  The American Democracy Project was joined by the American Democracy Commitment, a partnership of community colleges, to sponsor an annual national conference focused on higher education’s role in preparing the next generation of informed, engaged citizens. The American Democracy Project also sponsors campus-based initiatives including voter registration, curriculum revision projects, and special days of action and reflection, such as the MLK Day of Service. In a report entitled," A Crucible Moment: College Learning and Democracy's Future "issued in 2012 by the National Task Force on Civic Learning and Democratic Engagement, a joint project of the U.S. Department of Education and the American Association of Colleges and Universities, the authors argue that higher education must serve as an intellectual incubator and socially responsible partner in advancing civic learning and democratic engagement.  The report recommends four basic steps to build civic minded institutions:
1.  Foster a civic ethos across the campus culture.
2.  Make civic literacy a core expectation for all students.
3.  Practice civic inquiry across all fields of study.
4.  Advance civic action through transformative partnerships.  
These higher education-based initiatives endeavor to build in college students, a politically engaged identity while enhancing the capacity to evaluate the political landscape and make informed decisions about participation in our democracy. As evidenced by the growth in coalitions, professional development opportunities and civic education research, institutions of higher education and their association partners are committed to help prepare the next generation of citizens to become tomorrow's "Stewards of Place."
Civic learning.
In January 2012, the U.S. Department of Education issued a road map and a call to action entitled " Advancing Civic Learning and Engagement in Democracy " that offers nine steps to enhancing the Department of Education's commitment to civic learning and engagement in democracy. These steps include:
1. Convene and catalyze schools and post-secondary institutions to increase and enhance high-quality civic learning and engagement
2. Identify additional civic indicators.
3. Identify promising practices in civic learning and democratic engagement—and encourage further research to learn what works.
4. Leverage federal investments and public-private partnerships.
5. Encourage community-based work-study placements.
6. Encourage public service careers among college students and graduates.
7. Support civic learning for a well-rounded K–12 curriculum.
8. Engage Historically Black Colleges and Universities and other Minority-Serving Institutions—including Hispanic Serving Institutions, Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander–Serving Institutions, and Tribal Colleges and Universities-in a national dialogue to identify best practices.
9. Highlight and promote student and family participation in education programs and policies at the federal and local levels."

</doc>
<doc id="2931152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931152" title="Gary Young (drummer)">
Gary Young (drummer)

Gary "Plantman" Young (May 3, 1953) was the first drummer of the 1990s indie rock band Pavement.
Early life.
Gary Young was born in Mamaroneck, New York. His father worked in the plastics business.
Work with Pavement.
Stephen Malkmus (vocal, guitar) and childhood friend Scott Kannberg (guitar, vocals) formed Pavement in Stockton, CA in 1989. Their first EP, Slay Tracks (1933-1969), was recorded at a local studio called Louder Than You Think - which was owned by Gary Young, a then 35 year old drummer who appeared on the EP. Young would also appear on their next two EPs, Demolition Plot J-7, and Perfect Sound Forever, released in 1990 and 1991, respectively, as well as their 1992 debut album, Slanted and Enchanted. Young began gaining the band a degree of notoriety with his on-and-offstage antics. He was noted for greeting the audience at the door, giving out cabbage, mashed potatoes or cinnamon toast to fans, and doing headstands.
His last release as a member of the group was the EP Watery, Domestic. He later appeared on the two Spiral Stairs tracks on the Major Leagues EP.
Solo work.
He later released three albums, Hospital, Things We Do for You, & The Grey Album under the name Gary Young's Hospital. Young currently markets recording studio products, in particular, the Universal Microphone Shock Mount.

</doc>
<doc id="2931156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931156" title="Alcázar of Seville">
Alcázar of Seville

The Alcázar of Seville (Spanish "Reales Alcázares de Sevilla" or "Royal Alcazars of Seville", )) is a royal palace in Seville, Spain, originally a Moorish fort. It is the oldest royal palace still in use in Europe, and it was registered in 1987 by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site, along with the Seville Cathedral and the General Archive of the Indies. 
The Almohades were the first to build a palace, which was called Al-Muwarak, on the site of the modern day Alcázar. The palace is one of the best remaining examples of mudéjar architecture. Subsequent monarchs have added their own additions to the Alcázar. The upper levels of the Alcázar are still used by the royal family as the official Seville residence and are administered by the Patrimonio Nacional.
Sections.
Patio de las Doncellas.
The name, meaning "The Courtyard of the Maidens", refers to the legend that the Moors demanded 100 virgins every year as tribute from Christian kingdoms in Iberia.
The lower level of the Patio was built for King Peter I and includes inscriptions describing Peter as a "sultan". Various lavish reception rooms are located on the sides of the Patio. In the center is a large, rectangular reflecting pool with sunken gardens on either side. For many years, the courtyard was entirely paved in marble with a fountain in the center. However, historical evidence showed the gardens and the reflecting pool were the original design and this arrangement was restored. However, soon after this restoration, the courtyard was temporarily paved with marble once again at the request of movie director Ridley Scott. Scott used the paved courtyard as the set for the court of the King of Jerusalem in his movie "Kingdom of Heaven". The courtyard arrangement was converted once more after the movie's production.
The upper story of the Patio was an addition made by Charles V. The addition was designed by Luis de Vega in the style of the Italian Renaissance although he did include both Renaissance and mudéjar plaster work in the decorations. Construction of the addition began in 1540 and ended in 1572.
Los Baños de Doña María de Padilla.
The "Baths of Lady María de Padilla" are rainwater tanks beneath the Patio del Crucero. The tanks are named after María de Padilla, the mistress of Peter the Cruel.
La Casa de Contratación.
The Casa de Contratación (House of Trade) lies off the la Monteria. It was built in 1503 by the Catholic Monarchs to regulate trade with the New World colonies. The Casa dealt with trade related legal disputes on trade with the Americas. The "Casa" includes a chapel where Columbus met with Ferdinand and Isabella after his second voyage. The chapel houses "The Virgin of the Navigators", one of the first paintings to depict the discovery of the Americas and one of the earliest paintings to depict Columbus.
History.
The palace was the birthplace of Infanta Maria Antonietta of Spain (1729-1785), daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. The king was in the city to oversee the signing of the Treaty of Seville (1729) which ended the Anglo-Spanish War (1727).
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2931157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931157" title="The Heart of the Serpent">
The Heart of the Serpent

"The Heart of the Serpent" (Originally in Latin: Cor Serpentis, ) is a 1958 science fiction short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov.
The crew of a spaceship encounters an alien ship in deep space. Speculation ensues about whether the other crew might be hostile. Comparisons are made to American SF writer Murray Leinster's story, "First Contact", in which an elaborate protocol is developed to prevent the aliens from following the Terrans home and destroying them, or vice versa. The premise of Leinster's story is debunked, in part by pointing out that in order for a planet's civilization to become space-faring, they would need to be at peace among themselves and presumably have organized themselves into a planet-wide classless communist society, a point Yefremov had made earlier in his novel "Andromeda". Thus the aliens must necessarily be peaceful.
This story takes place within the rubric of Yefremov's Great Circle, a confederation of galactic civilizations that can communicate at faster-than-light speeds, and which also appears in Andromeda Nebula.
Influences.
The Hungarian space rock band Solaris has a track named after the story on their album "1990".

</doc>
<doc id="2931162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931162" title="Eugene Rousseau">
Eugene Rousseau

Eugene Rousseau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931164" title="Hooj Choons">
Hooj Choons

Hooj Choons is a house record label formed by Alex Simons and Red Jerry (real name Jeremy Dickens) in 1990. 
Music style.
During April 2011 "Cafe del Mar", originally recorded in 1993, first issued by Hooj in 1997, and then remixed again in both 1998 and 2002, was voted number one by BBC Radio 1 listeners in Pete Tong's Top 20 Dance Tracks of the last 20 years.
Dissolution.
In 2003 Hooj announced its dissolution as a record label. 
In early October 2006, Hooj Choons announced that the label would be coming back under management from the owners of Lost Language.

</doc>
<doc id="2931167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931167" title="Regional Council">
Regional Council

Regional Council may refer to:
Regional council may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931171" title="The Bull's Hour">
The Bull's Hour

"The Bull's Hour" ( , "Chas Byká") is a social science fiction novel written by Russian author and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov in 1968. It was banned in the Soviet Union six months after its publication and attempted to be taken out from all the libraries and bookshops throughout the country when it was realized by the authorities to contain a sharp criticism of the current state of affairs in the USSR though pretending to be critical of the "Capitalism" and the Chinese brand of political communist system of the time.
This novel is considered a sequel to the 1957 novel "Andromeda: A Space-Age Tale", taking place in the same universe some century or more later. Even though the cast of characters is entirely different, an occasional reference is made to the events and characters of the previous volume. For example, the main character in "The Bull's Hour" is a female historian who on one occasion remembers most of the notable "Andromeda" characters as historical figures.
Plot summary.
Some 3000 years in the future, a Communist Earth has just developed faster-than-light space travel based on the experiment of Ren Boz (of "The Andromeda Nebula"). Using the new technology, Earth constructs "straight-beam" starships which travel by sliding on the edge between our Universe (""Shakti"") and the "Anti-Universe" (""Tamas""). The second ship of that kind, Dark Flame, departs from the Solar System on a mission to a habitable planet Tormance (the name is borrowed from David Lindsay's "A Voyage to Arcturus") in the Lynx constellation, which was reported by alien space voyagers from Cepheus to be colonized by humans, thought to be Earth escapees from the Age before World Unification.
The society of this distant planet is labelled by Efremov as "an amalgamation of a Capitalism in its worst form and of a Chinese pseudo-socialism" and a part of "Inferno" (a deep philosophical concept of Efremov's relating to the Nature and the natural way of things, always as he claims infernal towards the living thinking sentient beings), a society in which ordinary workers' lives are limited to 26 local years ("short-living", KJI, or КЖИ for ) while scientists, engineers and other selected qualified professionals live out their natural lives ("long-living", DJI, or ДЖИ for ), with artists, sportspeople and "models" given somewhat longer life-spans than that of KJI (up to about 34 years). Both KJI and DJI are under the ruthless totalitarian control of the ruling class of government bureaucracy ("snake-carriers", similar to the prototypical "inner-party members" of Orwell's "1984") and the police forces ("the lilac"), which in turn are under the direct command of the Council of Four and its Chairman, the actual Ruler of the planet. The most shocking aspect of its civilization for the Earthians is its total control of information, maintaining separate information systems for separate social strata, with full and true information available ultimately only to the Supreme Leader. 
The plot follows the Communist crew as they establish contact and explore the planet's society, eventually sacrificing some lives including that of the expedition leader, female historian Fay Rodis, for the sake of free future of the planet and its people's children. Their influence is predominantly through providing full and true information freely to all people about Earth's past and present, and their views of the situation on the planet. They also provide a selective short memory-eraser (a modifier of social and behavioural skills) to be used against the system's spies by the nascent resistance. Also, some of the crew (esp. Rodis) have the mental capacity to do the same sort of influence without use of the device. Every member of the crew was also accompanied by a nine-legged discoid robot called "SDF" (Servant, Defender and Freighter).
The Supreme Leader Choyo Chagas (smart and wise man and not a sadistic tyrant at all) communicated to Fay a lot, and developed some sympathy (probably intimate) to her (she was a very good dancer after all). The hints are made in the text that he was planning to befriend the Earth, expecting more startships (Fay lied to him that there will be more Earth starships), and use the new friends to oppress his "Politburo" members, whom he suspected of conspiring against him.
The pinnacle of the story was when the Tormans secret police, in the presence of the "Politburo" member Gen Shi, tortured the guy who confessed that there will be no more Earth spaceships, since the Dark Flame has no telecommunication to talk to Earth.
Immediately after this, this secret police tried to capture Fay, who committed suicide as her last stand by blowing up her SDF robot, also killing several secret police agents.
In this turmoil, Chagas won, executed Gen Shi and some other "Politburo" members, and continued to keep good relations with the Dark Flame's crew.
The book's seemingly strong anti-Chinese sentiment was added because the novel was written in the time of the Sino–Soviet split, as a device to get it past the censors. Examples of it are found throughout the novel; for example, the gardens of the Planet's Dictator were called "Zoam Gardens", an obvious backward reading for Mao Zedong, The Council of Four represented the Chinese Gang of Four. The name of the novel deriving from an old (1909) Chinese-Russian dictionary (quoting the phrase ""Earth is born in the Bull's hour (or Daemon's hour, 2:00 am)""). This quote also appears in the novel's epigraph.
Main concepts.
The Eras of human history.
Spanning approximately three thousand years from the 20th century to the present time of the novel, these are:

</doc>
<doc id="2931176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931176" title="Razor's Edge (novel)">
Razor's Edge (novel)

"Razor's Edge" (Russian: Лезвие бритвы, "Lezvie britvy", "Edge of the Razor") is a 1963 science fiction novel by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov. It includes four parts and is notable for a huge amount of the scientific facts and dynamism.
Efremov used the word "eidetica" as an ability to a deliberate dreams, when man dreams in full details about something that is known to him only as told by friends, read in books or seen in pictures. In this novel such capability to see such panoramic color images appears in one of the novel characters after he was contused in time of Great Patriotic War. Later on he arrives in Moscow, USSR to ask the doctors explain this symptom. While healed he sees an even more detailed dream, but after he loses his unique ability.
Plot.
The plot contains some storylines which are intertwined. We can call this storylines according their setting places. The first one is the Soviet Storyline and is about the medical doctor and psychophysiologist Ivan Girin, who studies the hidden possibilities of human brain and is interesting in human beauty. The second storyline is about Italians who go to Africa to find diamond, but find Alexander's The Great Crone with mysterious minerals. The third storyline is about Dayaram Ramamoorty, the sculptor from India, and Amrita Tillottama, the dancer. The characters meet each other in the end of the novel.
Characters.
Ivan Girin.
He is the main character in the soviet storyline and then, in the whole book, too. He is a medical doctor, who worked as a surgeon, but later dedicated himself to psychophysiology.
Serafima Yuryevna (Sima) Metalina.
She is a 28-year old sportswoman (modern rhythmic gymnastics). She meets Girin at the exhibition where Anna's statue is present. Sima breaks a stereotype of sportswoman: instead of being ignorant, she is well-educated, fond of literature and arts and speaks English.
Dayaram Ramamoorty.
Dayaram Ramamoorty is the main character in the Indian Storyline. He is a sculptor and is looking for a way to sculpt his idea of perfect beauty.
Tillottama.
Tillottama is a second main character in the Indian storyline.The readers meet her with Dayaram in the Khajuraho Temple. She catches Dayaram's eye by her beauty, but after she is acquainted with him and proves to be very heartful and intellectual. Dayaram is curious about her life, and she tells him her life story. 
Her real name is Amrita Vidiadevi.
Sandra Citti.
Sandra Citti is from the Italian Storyline. She is Ivo Flaiano's girlfriend, young, beautiful and glamorous. She goes to the adventurous yacht trip with Cezare, Lea and Ivo. During the trip she reveals that she is not just a beautiful young actress, but also an ancient history specialist.
Composition.
The novel consists of prologue, four main parts and epilogue.
Efremov about his Work.
In the letter to Dmitrievsky, Efremov writes about his novel (Moscow, the 25th of May, 1971):
"The high-browed critics considered "Razor's Edge" to be a failure of my creativity, but I value it much more than all my works (or I just love it much more). The audience gave its price on black market. You can buy "Razor's Edge" for 30 or 40 rubles. The bible costs the same. I had to put many things today you could not talk about or spend 10 years in Siberia in Stalin's time, in the frame of adventure. These things are yoga, the spiritual power of a human and self-education."

</doc>
<doc id="2931193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931193" title="Raised floor">
Raised floor

A raised floor (also raised flooring, access floor(ing), or raised access computer floor) provides an elevated structural floor above a solid substrate (often a concrete slab) to create a hidden void for the passage of mechanical and electrical services. Raised floors are widely used in modern office buildings, and in specialized areas such as command centers, IT data centers and computer rooms, where there is a requirement to route mechanical services and cables, wiring, and electrical supply. Such flooring can be installed at varying heights from to heights above to suit services that may be accommodated beneath. Additional structural support and lighting are often provided when a floor is raised enough for a person to crawl or even walk beneath.
In the U.S., underfloor air distribution is becoming a more common way to cool a building by using the void below the raised floor as a plenum chamber to distribute conditioned air, as has been done in Europe since the 1970s. In data centers, isolated air-conditioning zones are often associated with raised floors. Perforated tiles are traditionally placed beneath computer systems to direct conditioned air directly to them. In turn, the computing equipment is often designed to draw cooling air from below and exhaust into the room. An air conditioning unit then draws air from the room, cools it, and forces it beneath the raised floor, completing the cycle.
Design.
This type of floor consists of a gridded metal framework or substructure of adjustable-height supports (called "pedestals") that provide support for removable (liftable) floor panels, which are usually 2×2 feet or 60×60 cm in size. The height of the legs/pedestals is dictated by the volume of cables and other services provided beneath, but typically arranged for a clearance of at least six inches or 15 cm.
The panels are normally made of steel-clad particleboard or a steel panel with a cementitious internal core, although some tiles have hollow cores. Panels may be covered with a variety of flooring finishes to suit the application, such as carpet tiles, high-pressure laminates, marble, stone, and antistatic finishes for use in computer rooms and laboratories. When using a panel with a cement top surface the panels are sometimes left bare and sealed or stained and sealed to create a tile appearance and save the customer money. This bare application is used most often in office area, hallways, lobbies, museums, casinos, etc. 
Many modern computer and equipment rooms employ an underfloor air distribution to ensure even cooling of the room with minimal wasted energy. Conditioned air is provided under the floor and dispersed upward into the room through regularly spaced diffuser tiles, blowers or through ducts directed into specific equipment. Automatic fire protection shutoffs may be required for underfloor ventilation, and additional suppression systems may be installed in case of underfloor fires.
Many office buildings now use access flooring to create more flexible and sustainable spaces. When underfloor air is designed into a building from the start of the project, the building can be less expensive to build and less expensive to operate over the life of the building. Underfloor air requires less space per floor, thereby reducing the overall height of the building, which in turn reduces the cost of the building facade. The blowers and air handlers required for underfloor air are much smaller and require less energy, since hot air rises naturally through the space as it comes in contact with people and equipment that warm the air and it rises to the ceiling. Additionally, when buildings are designed to combine modular electrical, modular walls, and access floor, the space within the building can be reconfigured in a few hours, as compared to historical means of demolishing walls and drilling holes in the floor to route electrical and other services. As more companies construct or renovate buildings to meet LEED (Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design) underfloor air and access floor usage will continue to grow. The USGBC (United States Green Building Council) states that approximately 25% of all new buildings are built to meet the LEED requirements today. 
Because the flooring tiles are rarely removed once equipment has been installed, the space below them is seldom cleaned, and fluff and other debris settles, making working on cabling underneath the flooring a dirty job. Smoke detectors under the raised floor can be triggered by workers disturbing the dust, resulting in false alarms.
Panel lifter.
To remove panels, a tool with a suction cup on the end (referred to as a "floor puller", "tile lifter", or "suction lifter") is used. A hook-and-loop lifter may be used on carpeted panels.
Structural problems.
Structural problems, such as rocking panels and gaps between panels, can cause significant damage to equipment and injury to personnel. Regular inspections for the structural integrity of a raised floor system can help to identify and mitigate problems.
Many such problems can be attributed to sub-par installation. During installation, attention should be paid to the condition of the subfloor, which should be clean of debris and should be as level as possible. 
The walls surrounding the raised floor should be as square as possible to minimize the need for cutting raised floor panels and to minimize rocking panels and gaps.
Cooling load implications.
The installation of a raised floor system can change the thermal behavior of the building by reducing the interaction between the heat gains and the thermally massive concrete slab. The raised floor serves as a separation between the room and the slab. Energy simulations of an office building located in San Francisco showed that the mere presence of the raised floor affects the zone cooling load profile and tends to increase the peak cooling load. When carpeting is present the negative impact of the raised floor on zone peak cooling load may be reduced.
Telecommunications data center applications.
Raised floors available for general purpose use typically do not address the special requirements needed for telecommunications applications. 
The general types of raised floors in telecommunications data centers include: stringerless, stringered, and structural platforms; and, truss assemblies.
A telecommunications facility may contain continuous lineups of equipment cabinets. The most densely populated installation configuration would consist of rows of continuous 2-foot-wide equipment cabinets with aisles that separate 2-foot-wide adjacent rows. This lineup configuration is considered to be the most densely populated in terms of square foot area and, therefore, the largest floor load anticipated for a raised floor system. Considering prorated aisle space, a single equipment cabinet will then occupy an 8-square foot (0.74-m2) floor area (4 square feet for the cabinet and 4 square feet of aisle).
The data center can be located in remote locations, and is subject to physical and electrical stresses from sources such as fires and from electrical faults.
The environment drives the installation methods for raised floors, including site preparation, cable and cable racking, bonding and grounding, and fire resistance. The actual installation should be in accordance with the customer’s practices.

</doc>
<doc id="2931199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931199" title="Bias (textile)">
Bias (textile)

The bias direction of a piece of woven fabric, usually referred to simply as "the bias", is at 45 degrees to its warp and weft threads. Every piece of woven fabric has two biases, perpendicular to each other. Non-woven fabrics such as felt or interfacing do not have a bias.
Woven fabric is more elastic as well as more fluid in the bias direction, compared to the on-grain direction. This property facilitates garments and garment details that require extra elasticity, drapability or flexibility, such as bias-cut skirts and dresses, neckties, piping trims and decorations, bound seams, etc.
The "bias-cut" is a technique used by designers for cutting clothing to utilize the greater stretch in the bias or diagonal direction of the fabric, thereby causing it to accentuate body lines and curves and drape softly. For example, a full-skirted dress cut on the bias will hang more gracefully or a narrow dress will cling to the figure. Bias-cut garments were an important feature of the designs of Madeleine Vionnet in 1920s and 1930s and bias-cut styles are revived periodically. In the Middle Ages, before the development of knitting, hose were cut on the bias in order to make them fit better. The old spelling was byas, or (less common) byess. 
A garment made of woven fabric is said to be "cut on the bias" when the fabric's warp and weft threads are at 45 degrees to its major seam lines.
Note: The term "cross-grain" in the US refers to the direction perpendicular to the length-of-grain (selvage edges), not the diagonal.

</doc>
<doc id="2931213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931213" title="Fame Gurukul">
Fame Gurukul

Fame Gurukul is an Indian prime-time show on Sony Entertainment Television (India) which premiered on 27 June 2005. The program is produced by the same production house of "Indian Idol". The premise of the show is to select a pair of India's best singers/performers.
It is based on the Spanish/French "Operación Triunfo"/"Star Academy" format of Endemol, better known in English under the UK title "Fame Academy"; in Indian terms, it is essentially a mixture of "Indian Idol" and "Big Brother" TV series. The show started out with 16 contestants living in a musical performance academy (Gurukul). Every week (normally) one contestant is voted out of the show, and so on until two will remain in the end, who will receive various prizes (recording contracts, cars, etc.).
Prizes.
The Fame Gurukul Fame Jodi will receive a Rs. 1 crore music contract from Sony in addition to a Maruti Alto car each.
Season one.
Faculty.
Fitness.
Deepika Mehta
Judges.
Celebrity Judges.
Occasionally a celebrity judge is called on the show to comment on the performances and to inspire the singers. The following is a list of special judges who appeared on "Fame Gurukul":
Results.
On 20 October 2005, the final show of Fame Gurukul was broadcast in which the final three contestants - Qazi Touqeer, Rex D'Souza and Ruprekha Banerjee battled it for the top spots.
After much waiting and various shows in between, the results were finally announced. Qazi Touqeer, the favourite was one of the winners, while Ruprekha Banerjee made up the pair with him.
"Celebrity Fame Gurukul".
After the claimed success of Fame Gurukul, Sony Entertainment Television brought what they claimed to be "a bigger, better, more exciting and entertaining" version of "Fame Gurukul" named "Celebrity Fame Gurukul" where now was the turn of some popular personalities to compete by going "back to school". "Celebrity Fame Gurukul" is based on the successful reality show called 'Comic Relief Does Fame Academy' which was a spin off on 'Fame Academy' produced by the format owner Gestmusic, part of the Endemol Group.
They were now given various tasks to learn becoming singers and performers, while competing for the grand prize.
The show promised unlimited drama and excitement while watching the never-before-seen footage of the behind-the-scenes action and drama of the highly diverse group of celebrities, their behaviour, quirks, egos, trials, tribulations, inter-personal relationship, competitive spirit and their struggle to survive at the Gurukul uncensored, unscripted and very candid. And, for the very first time ever, viewers got to watch the celebrities in their new 'avataar' - as singers.
The proceeds of the show would go to the Make a Wish Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to granting the most cherished wishes of children living with life-threatening illnesses.
Making of the "Fame Singer".
After receiving close to 50 million votes, "Celebrity Fame Gurukul" took the popularity of the show to new heights. The television celebrities who were all non-singers now trained together and competed at the Gurukul - where discipline and their raw talent would be professionally tested by the well-known team of Ila Arun, Prasant Samadar, Padma Wadkar and Bosco-Caesar.
The format once again allowed votes by the faculty, contestants as well as viewers who would ultimately decide the best singer and performer out of the nine television personalities, spiced up with entertaining musical performances, gripping drama and high emotions entertaining the viewers.
Contestants.
Amit Sareen finished winner, with Vinod Singh as 1st runner-up and Tanaaz Currim as 2nd runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="2931216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931216" title="Sha Money XL">
Sha Money XL

Michael Clervoix (born February 11, 1976), better known as Sha Money XL, is an American Record producer.
He helped bring rapper 50 Cent to the mainstream and has produced numerous tracks including "Poor Lil Rich", "Beg For Mercy", and "This Is 50", and is the founder of Teamwork Music Inc. After Interscope granted 50 Cent his own label in 2003, Sha Money XL was president of G-Unit Records until 2007 . He has produced singles for other artists including Slim Thug, Cormega, Snoop Dogg, Busta Rhymes, Young BuckLloyd Banks Juvenile, Scarface and four tracks from a 2Pac album, "Pac's Life". He most recently became Sr. Vice President of A&R at Def Jam in May 2010 and Executive Producer for Big K.R.I.T.'s #1 debut Hip Hop Album, "Live from the Underground" and signed 2 Chainz to Def Jam in February 2012. In May 2013 it was announced that he has been named EVP of Urban A&R for Epic Records leaving previous work at Island Def Jam.
Biography.
Born in the 2-11-76 as Michael Clervoix, Sha Money XL is a first generation Haitian-American; and like the majority of immigrants growing up in Queens NY, it was a struggle. “Being from Haiti makes it natural for me to do anything and everything to survive and strive for more,” the industry heavy weight explains. Sha was exposed to the drugs & crime which ran rampant through the streets in the 80's; but more importantly, he was introduced to Hip-Hop. “Walking down Hollis and Jamaica Ave, seeing Run, Jam Master Jay and DMC in their Benz, being the first to ever go platinum and being from my stomping ground was a great inspiration to me,” Sha divulges. “I was surrounded by a lot of successful rappers, LL Cool J, Salt and Pepa, Onyx and industry vet Steve Stoute in my neighborhood which was very motivating.”
From an early age, Sha displayed an above average talent playing the piano. It was through this undeniable talent that at the age of 11, he preformed at the legendary Carnegie Hall in New York City. But when he hit his teens, Sha opted to trade in his 88 keys for two turntables and a microphone. He became a well respected DJ & M.C. in his neighborhood.
For all be it a brief period, Sha fell prey to the streets. The attraction of fast money and ‘hood respect replaced the appeal of the vinyl and the Mic he had once cherished. But 1996 saw Sha take some time for reflection and once again he was reunited with the talent he had abandoned. Trying to find himself, Sha went from DJ to producer/engineer during this time, spending countless hours’ fine tuning his skills.
Enrolling on a marketing course at NYU Sha was given the opportunity to intern at DEF JAM under Industry vet Julie Greenwald & JMJ Records. It was through his time at JMJ that Sha would meet and establish the foundations of a friendship with a young 50 Cent. Sha continued to work as a producer and to promote his talents, branding himself as he worked with Queens underground MC’s such as Cormega, Mobb Deep, Onyx and Tragedy. Success was always in Sha’s sights but just never in his reach.
50 Cent success.
But after years of learning to understand and adapting to the politics rife within the music industry, Sha found himself working alongside 50 Cent again. “50 didn’t trust a lot of heads, so I had no choice but to fill in the blanks,” Sha divulges when talking of the duo’s working relationship. It was through his union with 50 that Sha got first hand experience at multi- tasking. “You have to be self made, self motivated and be able to multi task, as the industry will only move when they see, hear and believe in your passion,” he clarifies. He was the engineer, the A&R, the manager, the executive producer, & the guerilla marketer when he and Curtis Jackson commenced their attack on the music industry.
No job was too big for this burgeoning entrepreneur in preparing 50 Cent for his inevitable success. “We had a belief in each other, I was the ‘people’ person and he was the magnet that brought people in; I was the glue that maintained the relationships.” So needless to say it was during this period in time and through his unquestionable thirst for triumph and recognition that Sha Money XL emerged as one of the music industries hardest working personalities.
Bringing 50 Cent to the mainstream and having proved himself as a force to be reckoned with Sha Money XL was finally at a place where he could call the shots and determine his destiny. Working on branding G Unit globally as well as the Worlds biggest Hip-Hop icon came easy. After four years as the President of G Unit Records, overseeing over thirty million albums sold and directing the day to day lives of Young Buck, Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo and DJ Whoo Kid, it was time for the once producer to familiarize himself again in what he considers his safe haven; the studio.Throughout his tenure at G Unit, Sha had constantly maintained a balance of executive and producer. He Co-Executive produced and produced on the majority of the albums released through the label.
Money Management Group.
As 2007 started and Hip-Hop was moving in leaps and bounds Sha felt he needed to do something different, yet ironically similar to what he had made his name from. Sha masterminded his Money Management Group, a fully fledged management company which beyond boasting an abundance of talented artists and producers has years of industry background to its credit. Able to brand, market and promote its artists as well as handling the daily tasks of management Sha’s company is without question at the forefront of production management. Currently MMG sustains management responsibilities for artists and producers including Hi-Tek, The Bizness, Keykat Productions, Jake One,and Dangerous LLC.
“I wanted to be able to open a lane, keeping all producers informed, you know something like a mentorship program which the industry no longer has,” he breaks down. But Sha knew it would be impossible for him to provide the guidance he wanted to give producers with on his own. “When I was starting out I went to every conference, to know and meet who the main players were.” It is this ideology and the fact that he has actually been in the shoes than many find themselves in today that encouraged his new venture. Determined to reach producers globally and give them an introduction on how to break into the industry which he had labored relentlessly for, he and his team came up with The One Stop Shop Producer Conference (OSS). “Now I am one of those players and I am fully aware that I have to open a lane for the new talent to get in; One Stop Shop is all that,” he concludes.
The first OSS was held in Sha’s adopted residence of Phoenix, Arizona in 2007. It attracted over 700 international aspiring producers. They were given the opportunity to mingle and network amongst their peers, label execs and A&Rs; showcase their beats and gain invaluable advice from the panels. The first OSS was so successful that Sha opted to make it an annual event. This year the popularity of OSS was no different. It is only getting better.
March 2008 saw producers such as Swizz Beatz, DJ Premier, 9th Wonder, Denaun Porter to name but a few make the pilgrimage to Phoenix to rub shoulders with up and coming producers from all around the world. With sponsorship for the conference coming from companies such as Microsoft, Traxxpad, ASCAP and Shade 45 it is obvious that established vendors such as these share the vision that the Money Management Group have worked so hard to depict.
It is through his Teamwork Music Company that Sha Money XL the producer maintains an ever increasing discography. He has credits on albums from Slim Thug, Snoop Dogg, Juvenile, Busta Rhymes, Stevie Wonder and of course the entire G Unit roster. Sha has worked on soundtracks for movies, such as Get Rich or Die Trying, where he held the title of Music Supervisor and video games, Bullet Proof and Freestyle Basket Ball.
Sha was Senior Vice President of A&R at Island Def Jam and so far signed Big K.R.I.T. and 2 Chainz. After three years at Def Jam, Sha Money XL is heading to Epic Records as Executive Vice President of Urban A&R as of May 2013.
Credits and nominations.
2004 Grammy Nominees 50 Cent "In The Club" Engineer, Executive Producer
 Producer

</doc>
<doc id="2931224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931224" title="Lower Holloway">
Lower Holloway

Lower Holloway is a district in the London Borough of Islington, London. The name has fallen out of common use and the area is now generally regarded as being a part of Holloway. The area of Lower Holloway stretches from the South of Holloway Road to the Central side of Holloway, Nags Head. It is wholly in the N7 postal district.

</doc>
<doc id="2931229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931229" title="San Juan del Río">
San Juan del Río

San Juan del Río is a city (2005 census pop. 120,984) and administrative seat of the surrounding San Juan del Río Municipality (pop. 208,462) in the central Mexican state of Querétaro. The population in July, 2007 is calculated in 128,270 for the city and 217,980 for the municipality. 
The city and municipality both rank second in population in the state. The municipality has an area of .
It is located on the country's central plateau (altiplano), south-east of state capital Santiago de Querétaro, at and an elevation of 1,922 metres (6,306 ft). Famous for its opals, mined at nearby La Trinidad, it is also an agricultural center (corn, wheat, sugarcane, beans, alfalfa, fruit, and livestock) and has some light industry. A number of wineries are also located in the vicinity.
It is connected to Santiago de Querétaro and Mexico City by the mainline freight railway and Federal Highway 57.
History.
The city was founded on the Feast of Saint John the Baptist June 24, 1531 by Fernado de Tapia, an Otomí chieftain that converted to Catholicism and dropped his Native name Conín. San Juan was one of the first Spanish settlements outside the Valley of Mexico and thus marked the beginning of the colonisation of Northern and Western Mexico, including the city of Querétaro which was founded one month later. The settlement became important since it was an obliged stop "en route" to the rich mining regions of Guanajuato, Zacatecas and San Luis Potosí.

</doc>
<doc id="2931231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931231" title="Florida State Fairgrounds">
Florida State Fairgrounds

The Florida State Fairgrounds is located in Tampa, Florida. In addition to holding the annual Florida State Fair, the fairgrounds also hosts a wide variety of other events throughout the year.
The fairgrounds cover over , with many different types of buildings.
Cracker Country.
Cracker Country is a rural Florida living history museum located on the Florida State Fairgrounds. It was founded with the purpose of preserving Florida’s rural heritage. The museum recreates an 1890s rural Florida town. Its collection of 13 original buildings dating back from 1870-1912 were relocated from across the state of Florida beginning in 1978 when Cracker Country was established by Mr. and Mrs. Doyle E. Carlton, Jr. Today, the historically furnished buildings recreate the lifestyles of the past; and costumed interpreters portray daily living as Florida pioneers and share the stories of early Floridians’ experiences. 
Live Nation Amphitheatre.
An outdoor venue, the Live Nation Amphitheater (formerly known as the Ford Amphitheater), hosts events throughout the year, including concerts featuring musical acts. The venue is open air with a large covering over most of the seats and the stage area, and has both reserved and lawn seating.
Bob Thomas Equestrian Center.
The Bob Thomas Equestrian Center is located at the Florida State Fairgrounds and includes exercise grounds, warm-up rings, two show rings, and a grand prix ring. The area was created in the 1970s when the state fair was moved from its original downtown location. The Bob Thomas Equestrian Center features 471 permanent stalls in five barns plus ample parking for vehicles and trailers. 
The newst addition to the equestrian center is a covered 314' by 165' arena. Guests and spectators can watch a variety of horse shows seating in shaded bleachers or on a grassy hill. The equestrian center holds year-round events from youth to Olympic qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="2931242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931242" title="Catholic Sentinel">
Catholic Sentinel

The Catholic Sentinel is, according to its masthead, the "Oldest Catholic Newspaper on the West Coast." Published twice a month, it is sent out every Wednesday to subscribers and is the official newspaper of the Archdiocese of Portland. It is published by Oregon Catholic Press.
The Oregon Catholic Press also publishes "El Centinela", a Spanish-language version of the "Sentinel".
History.
The "Catholic Sentinel" was started in a response to Anti-Catholicism in 1870 by Henry Herman and J.F. Atkinson. After the Whitman massacre in 1847, a Protestant minister had accused local Catholics of inciting a band of Cayuse Indians to killing 10 Protestant missionaries. The first run of the "Catholic Sentinel" was 500 copies, and a year's subscription cost $4. By 1995, circulation had grown to 15,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="2931248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931248" title="Johnston's organ">
Johnston's organ

Johnston's organ is a collection of sensory cells found in the pedicel (the second segment) of the antennae in the Class Insecta. Johnston's organ detects motion in the flagellum (third and typically final antennal segment). It consists of over 200 scolopidia arrayed in a bowl shape, each of which contains a mechanosensory chordotonal neuron. The presence of Johnston's organ is a defining characteristic which separates the Class Insecta from the other hexapods belonging to the group Entognatha. 
Johnston's organ can be seen in Drosophila. It consists of a sail-like flagellum which rotates in a structure called the funiculus. Air movement deforms the cuticle at the joint between segments 2 and 3 where the sensory units of Johnston’s organ attach. Johnston's organ reacts between 150 and 500 Hz. One function is for detecting the wing beat frequency of a mate. The third segment can also be deformed by gravity irrespective of head orientation and this enables it to sense gravity.
Johnston's organ was named after the physician Christopher Johnston, father of the physician and Assyriologist Christopher Johnston.
Johnston's organ can also sense wind. 
Bees perceive electric field changes via the Johnston's organs in their antennae and possibly other mechano-receptors. They distinguish different temporal patterns and learn them. Honeybees appear to use the electric field emanating from the dancing bee for distance communication.

</doc>
<doc id="2931257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931257" title="Joshua Hailey">
Joshua Hailey

Joshua Hailey was an American privateer during the War of 1812.
Information.
Hailey was placed in command of the privateer "True Blooded Yankee" in early 1813. The privateer, built in France by Rhode Island men, sailed from Brest, France, 1 March 1813 to prey on commerce in the Irish Sea. On one occasion Captain Hailey seized an island near the British mainland and held it for 6 days while making repairs. In a 37-day cruise he took 270 prisoners and captured valuable cargoes. Sailing from France on his second cruise, Captain Hailey made a rapid circuit of Ireland and Scotland, landing several times and holding small coastal towns for ransom. During one night he burned seven vessels in an Irish port. In May he ran into Dublin Harbor to sink a schooner that had eluded him on the previous day. Captain Hailey sailed again 21 September for his third cruise, setting his course for the English Channel. He captured and manned so many prizes that when she was finally captured the "True Blooded Yankee" had only 32 men left of her original crew of 200. During her three cruises the ship had captured six ships and 21 smaller vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="2931262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931262" title="Xubuntu">
Xubuntu

Xubuntu ( ) is a Canonical Ltd.–recognized, community-maintained derivative of the Ubuntu operating system. It uses the Xfce desktop environment, instead of Ubuntu's Unity.
The name "Xubuntu" is a portmanteau of "Xfce" and "Ubuntu". Xfce originally was an abbreviation for "XForms Common Environment"; "ubuntu" has a meaning of approximately "humanity towards others" in various Bantu languages.
Goals.
Xubuntu's goals are to:
The Xfce desktop environment is intended to use fewer system resources than the default Ubuntu Unity desktop. As recently as September 2010 the Xubuntu developers claimed that the minimum RAM Xubuntu could be run on was 128 MB, with 256 MB of RAM strongly recommended at that time.
Testing conducted by Martyn Honeyford at IBM in January 2007 on Xubuntu 6.10 concluded that it "uses approximately 25 MB less application memory, and also eats significantly less into buffers and cache (which may imply that there is less file activity) than Ubuntu."
Later testing showed that Xubuntu was at a disadvantage compared to Debian equipped with the Xfce desktop. Tests were conducted by DistroWatch on a Dell Dimension 4500 desktop machine, with an Intel 2 GHz processor and 384 MB of memory in April 2009, that compared Xubuntu 9.04 against an Xfce desktop version of Debian 5.0.1. These showed that Xubuntu used more than twice the RAM as Debian in simple tasks. Xubuntu also ran out of RAM doing everyday tasks, indicating that 384 MB of RAM was inadequate. The review concluded "It was obvious I had already run out of RAM and was starting to use swap space. Considering I wasn't doing very much, this was rather disappointing". Subsequent experimentation by Distrowatch concluded that the performance advantages observed in Debian were due to Xubuntu's inclusion of memory-hungry software not present in Debian's implementation of Xfce.
Testing conducted on a later version, Xubuntu 9.10 beta, in September 2009 showed similar results. The tests, conducted by Linux Magazine, concluded that Xubuntu 9.10 beta's RAM usage was actually greater than Ubuntu's 9.10 beta with GNOME.
Subsequent reviewers emphasized Xubuntu's perceived deficiencies in performance to highlight Lubuntu, a project with similar goals but using the LXDE desktop environment as opposed to Xfce. For instance, Damien Oh of "Make Tech Easier" noted in May 2010, "So what about Xubuntu? isn’t it supposed to be the lightweight equivalent of Ubuntu? Sadly, that is a thing of the past. The truth is, the supposed lightweight equivalent is not lightweight at all. While Xubuntu is using the lightweight XFCE desktop environment, it had been bugged down by several heavyweight applications and also the integration with GNOME desktop also makes it lose its advantage."
As of the Xubuntu 11.04 release the developers now "strongly recommend" 512 MB of RAM to use Xubuntu. This is the same as is recommended for Ubuntu 11.04.
History.
Xubuntu was originally intended to be released at the same time as Ubuntu 5.10 "Breezy Badger", 13 October 2005, but the work was not complete by that date. Instead the Xubuntu name was used for the "xubuntu-desktop" metapackage available through the Synaptic Package Manager which installed the Xfce desktop.
The first official Xubuntu release, led by Jani Monoses, appeared on 1 June 2006, as part of the Ubuntu 6.06 "Dapper Drake" line, which also included Kubuntu and Edubuntu.
Cody A.W. Somerville developed a comprehensive strategy for the Xubuntu project named the "Xubuntu Strategy Document". In early 2009 the document was awaiting a second reading by the Ubuntu Community Council.
In February 2009 Mark Shuttleworth agreed that an official LXDE version of Ubuntu, Lubuntu, would be developed. The LXDE desktop uses the Openbox window manager and, like Xubuntu, is intended to be a low-system-requirement, low-RAM environment for netbooks, mobile devices and older PCs and will compete with Xubuntu in that niche.
In November 2009, Cody A.W. Somerville stepped down as the project leader and made a call for nominations to help find a successor. Lionel Le Folgoc was confirmed by the Xubuntu community as the new project leader on 10 January 2010 and requested the formation of an official Xubuntu council. As of late March 2010, discussions regarding the future of Xubuntu's governance and the role a council might play in it were still ongoing.
In March 2012 Charlie Kravetz, a former Xubuntu project leader, formally resigned from the project. Despite this, the project members indicated that Xubuntu 12.04 would go ahead as scheduled.
Xubuntu 6.06 LTS.
The first official stand-alone release of Xubuntu was version 6.06 Long Term Support (LTS), which was made available on 1 June 2006.
It was introduced with the statement "Xubuntu is the newest official Ubuntu derivative distribution, using the Xfce desktop environment and a selection of GTK2 applications. Its lightweight footprint is well suited for low-end hardware and thin clients. Xubuntu builds on the solid foundation of Ubuntu, with world-class hardware support and access to a vast repository of additional software."
The version used Linux kernel 2.6.15.7 and Xfce 4.4 beta 1. Applications included the Thunar file manager, GDM desktop manager, Abiword word processor and Gnumeric spread sheet, Evince PDF document viewer, Xarchiver archive manager, Xfburn CD burner, Firefox 1.5.0.3 web browser, Thunderbird 1.5.0.2 email client and the GDebi package manager.
Caitlyn Martin reviewed Xubuntu 6.06 in June 2006. She singled out its "bare bones approach" to the applications included, indicating that she would rather add applications she wanted than clean out ones she didn't want. On her aging laptop Xubuntu 6.06 proved faster than Fedora Core 5. She stated "Under Fedora when I opened a couple of rather resource intensive applications, for example Open Office and Seamonkey, the system would begin to drag. While these apps still take a moment to get started on Xubuntu they are crisp and responsive and don’t seem to slow anything else down. I never expected this sort of performance and that alone made Xubuntu an instant favorite of mine." She had praise for the Thunar file manager, as light and fast. She concluded "Overall I am impressed and Xubuntu, for the moment anyway, is my favorite Linux distribution despite a few rough edges, probably largely due to the use of a beta desktop."
Xubuntu 6.10.
Xubuntu 6.10 was released on 26 October 2006. This version used Xfce 4.4 beta 2 and included Upstart, the Firefox 2.0 web browser, the Gaim 2.0.0 beta 3.1 instant messaging client along with new versions of AbiWord and Gnumeric. The media player was gxine which replaced Xfmedia. The previous "xffm4" file manager was replaced by Thunar. It introduced redesigned artwork for the bootup splash screen, the login window and the desktop theme.
The developers claimed that this version of Xubuntu could run on 64 MB of RAM, with 128 MB "strongly recommended".
Reviewer Caitlyn Martin tested Xubuntu on a four-year-old Toshiba Satellite 1805-S204 laptop, with a 1 GHz Celeron processor and 512 MB of RAM in December 2006. She noted that Xubuntu ran faster than GNOME or KDE, which she described as "sluggish" and rated it as one of the two fastest distributions on her limited test hardware, placing with Vector Linux. She found the graphical installer to be less than acceptable and the text-based installer better. She concluded, "Once I had everything I like installed and configured I’ve found Xubuntu to be truly a pleasure to use. It’s user friendly for the newcomer and highly customizable for the experienced user. The basic application set on the single CD is, as expected, limited but I’d rather build up a distro with what I need and exclude what I don’t need than try to remove cruft. Performance is the best I’ve seen in any current distro. Most of my complaints are nitpicking and in general Xubuntu Edgy Eft is as good as any Linux distribution I’ve used so far. Highly recommended."
Xubuntu 7.04.
Xubuntu 7.04 was released on 19 April 2007. This release was based on Xfce 4.4.
Michael Larabel of Phoronix carried out detailed benchmark testing of betas for Ubuntu 7.04, Kubuntu 7.04 and Xubuntu 7.04 in February 2007 on two different computers, one with dual Intel Clovertown processors and the other with an AMD Sempron. After a series of gzip compression, LAME compilation, and LAME encoding tasks he concluded, "in these tests with the dual Clovertown setup we found the results to be indistinguishable. However, with the AMD Sempron, Ubuntu 7.04 Feisty Fawn Herd 4 had outperformed both Kubuntu and the lighter-weight Xubuntu. Granted on a slower system the lightweight Xubuntu should have a greater performance advantage."
In one "Review Linux" look at Xubuntu 7.04 it was faulted for not including OpenOffice.org. The reviewer noted "If you do decide to keep the default software, it will cover your basic needs. Xubuntu comes with light weight desktop in XFCE 4.4 and also less tasking programs. If you are thinking that OpenOffice will come pre-installed on your desktop, you will be greatly surprised as AbiWord and Gnumeric are your default processor and spreadsheet program." He indicated though that installing applications from the repositories was easy and made for simple customization of an installation.
Xubuntu 7.10.
18 October 2007 was the release date for Xubuntu 7.10. It was based upon Xfce, 4.4.1 and added updated translations along with a new theme, MurrinaStormCloud, using the Murrine Engine.
Application updates included Pidgin 2.2.0, (Gaim was renamed Pidgin) and GIMP 2.4. This Xubuntu version allowed the installation of Firefox extensions and plug-ins through the "Add/Remove Software" interface.
The developers claimed that this version of Xubuntu could run on 64 MB of RAM, with 128 MB "strongly recommended".
In a review of the release candidate for Xubuntu 7.10 that was installed on a Pentium 2 300 Celeron with 256 MB of RAM, equipped with an nVidia GeForce 4 64 MB video card, "Review Linux" noted that "the system was very fast".
"Review Linux" positioned Xubuntu and its role, "The main difference between Xubuntu and Ubuntu is the fact that Xubuntu is a little lighter on system requirements and it uses Xfce as it's (sic) desktop. Xubuntu is perfect for that old computer just lying around in your basement."
Xubuntu 8.04 LTS.
Xubuntu 8.04 Long Term Support (LTS) was made available on 24 April 2008. This version of Xubuntu used Xfce 4.4.2, Xorg 7.3 and Linux kernel 2.6.24. It introduced PolicyKit for permissions control, PulseAudio and a new printing manager. It also introduced Wubi, that allowed Windows users to install Xubuntu as a program on Windows.
Applications included were Firefox 3 Beta 5, Brasero CD/DVD burning application, Transmission BitTorrent client, Mousepad text editor, AbiWord word processor and Ristretto image viewer
Reviewer Christopher Dawson of ZDNet installed Xubuntu 8.04 on a Dell Latitude C400 with 512 MB of RAM, a 30GB hard drive and a 1 GHz Pentium III-M processor. He noted it provided better performance than the Windows XP Pro it replaced. He concluded "This is where Xubuntu really shines... What it will do is take some very moderate hardware and provide a solid, reliable, and relatively snappy machine for a user with productivity needs or who accesses terminal services."
Xubuntu 8.10.
Xubuntu 8.10 was released on 30 October 2008. This version of Xubuntu brought a new version of Abiword, version 2.6.4, the "Listen Multimedia Player" and introduced the "Catfish" desktop search application. It used Linux kernel 2.6.27, X.Org 7.4. There was an installation option of an encrypted private directory using ecryptfs-utils. The Totem media player was included.
Darren Yates, the Australian IT journalist, was very positive about Xubuntu 8.10, particularly for netbooks, which were at their peak of popularity then, dismissing "ubuntu itself is nothing flash". He said "One of the disappointing things about the arrival of netbooks in Australia has been the decline of Linux in the face of an enslaught by Microsoft to push Windows XP Home Edition back into the market. It’s sad because Xubuntu is the ideal Linux distro for these devices. While the latest Xubuntu 8.10 distro lacks drivers for WiFi wireless networking and in many cases also the built-in webcams, those drivers do exist and incorporating them inside Xubuntu would neither be difficult or take up much space."
Xubuntu 9.04.
Version 9.04 was released on 23 April 2009. The development team advertised this release as giving improved boot-up times, "benefiting from the Ubuntu core developer team's improvements to boot-time code, the Xubuntu 9.04 desktop boots more quickly than ever. This means you can spend less time waiting, and more time being productive with your Xubuntu desktop."
Xubuntu 9.04 used Xfce 4.6, which included a new Xfce Settings Manager dialog, the new Xconf configuration system, an improved desktop menu and clock, new notifications, and remote file system application Gigolo.
This release also brought all new artwork and incorporated the Murrina Storm Cloud GTK theme and a new XFWM4 window manager theme. 9.04 also introduced new versions of many applications, including the AbiWord word processor, Brasero CD/DVD burner and Mozilla Thunderbird e-mail client. It used X.Org server 1.6. The default file system was ext3, but ext4 was an option at installation.
In testing Xubuntu 9.04, Distrowatch determined that Xubuntu used more than twice the system memory as Debian 5.0.1 Xfce and that while loading the desktop the memory usage was ten times higher. DistoWatch attributed this to Xubuntu's use of Ubuntu desktop environment services, including the graphical package manager and updater, network manager, power manager, and proprietary driver manager. They provided a plan to strip it down and reduce its memory footprint.
DistroWatch concluded "Xubuntu is a great distribution, but its default selection of packages does not necessarily suit itself to low-memory systems."
In reviewing Xubuntu in May 2009, Linux.com writer Rob Reilly said, "The latest Xubuntu distribution has just about the right mix of speed and power" and concluded "for the new Linux user, Xubuntu is an easy to use version of Ubuntu that is fast, simple, and reliable. Experienced or "get it done" types will appreciate the minimalist approach, that can be beefed up to whatever degree that is needed."
Xubuntu 9.10.
29 October 2009 saw the release of Xubuntu 9.10, which utilized Xfce 4.6.1, Linux kernel 2.6.31 and by default the ext4 file system and GRUB 2. This release included the Exaile 0.3.0 music player, the Xfce4 power manager replaced the Gnome Power Manager and improved desktop notifications using "notify-osd". Upstart boot-up speed was improved.
The release promised "faster application load times and reduced memory footprint for a number of your favorite Xfce4 applications thanks to improvements in library linking provided by ld's --as-needed flag."
Dedoimedo gave Xubuntu a negative review, saying "When it comes to usability, Xubuntu has a lot to desire. While Xubuntu is based on Ubuntu, which is definitely one of the friendlier, simpler and more intuitive distros around, a core elements that has led to Ubuntu stardom, the integration of the Xfce desktop makes for a drastic change compared to stock edition. The usability is seriously marred, in several critical categories. And it gets worse. Losing functionality is one thing. Trying to restore it and ending with an unusable desktop is another." The review concluded "Sadly, Xubuntu is a no go. It's not what it ought to be. What more, it does injustice to the Ubuntu family, which usually delivers useful solutions, mainly to new Linux users. There were horrendous, glaring problems with Xubuntu that kicked me back to Linux not so usable 2005. I was taken by surprise, totally not expecting that an ultra-modern distro would pull such dirty, antiquated tricks up its sleeve."
Xubuntu 10.04 LTS.
Xubuntu 10.04 Long Term Support (LTS) was released on 29 April 2010. It moved to PulseAudio and replaced the Xsane scanner utilities with Simple Scan. It also incorporated the Ubuntu Software Center, which had been introduced in Ubuntu 9.10, to replace the old "Add/Remove Software" utility. The included spreadsheet application, Gnumeric was updated to version 1.10.1 and new games were introduced. Due to incompatibilities in the gnome-screensaver screensaver application it was replaced by xscreensaver. The default theme was an updated version of "Albatross", designed by the Shimmer Team.
This version of Xubuntu officially required a 700 MHz x86 processor, 128 MB of RAM, with 256 MB RAM "strongly recommended" and 3 GB of disk space.
In reviewing Xubuntu 10.04 beta 1 in April 2010, Joey Sneddon of OMG Ubuntu, declared it "borderline irrelevant". He noted that it provided few performance advantages over Ubuntu. In testing it against Ubuntu and Lubuntu on a 1 GB RAM, 2 Ghz Single core processor computer with a 128 MB video card, RAM usage with 3 tabs open in Firefox, 1 playing a HTML5 YouTube video was:
Sneddon concluded from this testing, "as you can see Xubuntu, as we've mentioned previously, shows very little lean-ness compared to Ubuntu proper, which begs the question 'why would you use it over Ubuntu?'. Xubuntu, whilst of interest to those who prefer the XFCE environment, remains an unremarkable spin from the Ubuntu canon that, for most users, is largely irrelevant."
Jim Lynch of "Desktop Linux Reviews" praised Xubuntu 10.04's fast boot time and its incorporation of the Ubuntu Software Center, but criticized the lack of inclusion of Ubuntu One.
Xubuntu 10.10.
Xubuntu 10.10 was released on 10 October 2010. It included Parole, the Xfce4 media player, XFBurn CD/DVD writer in place of Brasero and Xfce4-taskmanager replaced Gnome-Task-Manager. These changes were all to lighten the release's memory footprint. AbiWord was updated to version 2.8.6 and Gnumeric to 1.10.8. This release also introduced the "Bluebird" theme, from the Shimmer Team.
This version of Xubuntu required 192 MB of RAM to run the standard live CD or to install it. The alternate installation CD required 64 MB of RAM to install Xubuntu. Either CD required 2.0 GB of free hard disk space. Once installed, Xubuntu 10.10 could run with as little as 128 MB of RAM, but the developers strongly recommended a minimum of 256 MB of RAM.
In reviewing Xubuntu 10.10 in October 2010, just after it was released, Jim Lynch of "Eye On Linux" said, "I had no problems using Xubuntu 10.10. My system was very stable; I didn’t notice any application crashes or system burps. Xubuntu 10.10 is also very fast; applications opened and close very quickly. There was no noticeable system lag or sluggishness. The new theme Bluebird is attractive without being garish; it fits in well with Xubuntu’s minimalist mission."
Christopher Tozzi, writing about Xubuntu 10.10 beta in August 2010, noted that the distribution was shedding its Gnome dependencies and adopting lighter weight alternatives. He noted "it’s encouraging to see more uniqueness in the distribution, especially given the uncertain future of the Gnome-Ubuntu relationship as the release of Gnome 3.0 approaches."
Xubuntu 11.04.
Xubuntu 11.04 was released on 28 April 2011. This version was based upon Xfce 4.8 and introduced editable menus using any menu editor that meets the freedesktop.org standards. This version also introduced a new Elementary Xubuntu icon theme, the Droid font by default and an updated installation slide show.
While Ubuntu 11.04 introduced the new default Unity interface, Xubuntu did not adopt Unity and instead retained its existing Xfce interface. Although the developers have decided to retain a minimalist interface, Xubuntu 11.04 has a new dock-like application launcher to achieve a more modern look.
Xubuntu 11.04 could be installed with one of 2 CDs. The Xubuntu 11.04 standard CD requires 4.4 GB of hard disk space and 256 MB of RAM to install, while the alternate CD, which uses a text-based installer, requires 64 MB of RAM and 2 GB of disk space for installation and provides additional options. Once installed, Xubuntu 11.04 can run with 256 MB of RAM, but 512 MB is "strongly recommended".
In reviewing Xubuntu 11.04, Jim Lynch of "Desktop Linux Reviews" faulted the release for its lack of LibreOffice, its dull default wallpaper and the default automatic hiding of the bottom panel. In praising the release he said "Xubuntu 11.04 is a good choice for minimalists who prefer a desktop environment not bogged down with pointless eye-candy. It should work well on older or slower hardware. It’s also a good option for those who dislike Unity and want a different desktop environment. Xfce is simple, fast and doesn’t get in your way when you are trying to quickly launch an application or otherwise find something. And those who decide to use Xubuntu still remain in the Ubuntu family without the headache of dealing with Unity. So if you’re a Unity resister, you should definitely check out Xubuntu 11.04."
Joe Brockmeier of "Linux.com" in reviewing Xubuntu 11.04, praised the inclusion of AbiWord and Gnumeric over LibreOffice, as well as the Catfish file search utility. He added, "Though I've usually used the mainline Ubuntu release when I use Ubuntu, I have to say that I really like the latest iteration of Xubuntu. It does a great job of showcasing Xfce while providing a unique desktop that gives all the pluses of Ubuntu while still being a bit more like a traditional Linux desktop."
Xubuntu 11.10.
Xubuntu 11.10 was released on 13 October 2011, the same day that Ubuntu 11.10 was released.
In this release gThumb became the new image viewer/organizer, Leafpad replaced Mousepad as the default text editor and LightDM was introduced as the log-in manager. The release also incorporated pastebinit for cut and paste actions.
In reviewing Xubuntu 11.10 on the Acer eM350 netbook, Michael Reed of Linux Journal noted the extensive hardware support out of the box, attractive theme and good performance on 1 GB of RAM. He did remark on the inferior Adobe Flash performance compared to the Windows version of Flash, particularly in full screen mode, something common to all Linux Flash installations as well as the lack of native support for Samba networking, although he was quickly able to install this. Reed concluded "my overall assessment was that Xubuntu 11.10 was a better fit than Windows XP on this netbook. Being fair, one has to remember that XP is now ten years old. Xfce is going to get better and better, and it's already very comprehensive. There is a growing contingent of users for whom the direction that KDE4 and Gnome 3 have taken doesn't ring true, and increasingly, Xfce is going to be the first choice for them."
In reviewing 11.10, Brian Masinick of "IT Toolbox" praised its low RAM usage and said the "Xubuntu 11.10 release is a fresh relief for those who simply want a nice, functional system. Xubuntu 11.10 delivers, and excels in providing a functional, no frills or surprises, responsive, and usable desktop system."
Xubuntu 12.04 LTS.
Xubuntu 12.04 is a "Long Term Support" release and will be supported for three years. This contrasts with Edubuntu, Kubuntu and Ubuntu 12.04 which, while also LTS releases, will all be supported for five years.
Xubuntu 12.04 incorporates many changes including some default shortcuts were altered and new ones added, plus there were many appearance changes, including a new logo and wallpaper. Fixes were included for Greybird, Ubiquity, Plymouth, LightDM, and Terminal themes.
The release shipped with the Linux v3.2.14 Linux kernel. Pavucontrol was introduced to replace xfce4-mixer as it did not support PulseAudio. The Alacarte menu editor was used by default.
The minimum system requirements for this release are 512 MiB of RAM, 5 GB of hard disk space, and a graphics card and monitor capable of at least 800×600 pixel resolution.
Xubuntu 12.10.
Xubuntu 12.10 was released on 18 October 2012. This release introduced the use of Xfce 4.10, as well as new versions of Catfish, Parole, LightDM, Greybird and the Ubiquity slideshow. The application menu was slightly reorganized, with settings-related launchers moved to the Settings Manager. The release also included updated artwork, new desktop wallpaper, a new look to the documentation and completely rewritten offline documentation. On 32 bit systems, hardware supporting PAE is required.
The release included one notable bug fix: "No more window traces or "black on black" in installer".
This release of Xubuntu does not support UEFI Secure Boot, unlike Ubuntu 12.10, which allows Ubuntu to run on hardware designed for Windows 8. It was expected that this feature would be included in the next release of Xubuntu.
Xubuntu 12.10 includes Linux kernel 3.5.5, Python 3.2 and OpenJDK7 as the default Java implementation.
The minimum system requirements for this release of Xubuntu are 512 MB of system memory (RAM), 5 GB of disk space and a graphics card and monitor capable of at least 800×600 pixels resolution.
Xubuntu 13.04.
Xubuntu 13.04 was released on 25 April 2013. It was intended as a maintenance release with few new features. It incorporated updated documentation, a new version of Catfish (0.6.1), updates to the Greybird theme, GIMP and Gnumeric were reintroduced, a new version of Parole (0.5.0) and that duplicate partitions are no longer shown on desktop or in the Thunar file manager.
This was the first version of Xubuntu with a support period of 9 months for the interim (non-LTS) releases, instead of 18 months.
Starting with this release the Xubuntu ISO images will not fit on a CD as they now average 800 MB. The new image target media is at least a 1.0 GB USB device or DVD. The decision to change the ISO image size was based upon the amount of developer time spent trying to shrink the files to fit them on a standard size CD. This ISO size change also allowed the inclusion of two applications that had been previously dropped due to space constraints, Gnumeric and GIMP.
Xubuntu 13.10.
Xubuntu 13.10 was released on 17 October 2013. This release included some improvements over the previous release, including a new version of xfce4-settings and a new dialog box for display settings. There was also a new color theme tool and gtk-theme-config was added as default. This release also included new wallpaper, new GTK themes, with Gtk3.10 support and the LightDM greeter. The official Xubuntu documentation was also updated.
In reviewing Xubuntu 13.10, Jim Lynch stated: "Xubuntu 13.10, like its cousin Lubuntu 13.10, is a great choice if you’re a minimalist. It’s fast, stable and offers many of the advantages of Ubuntu 13.10 without the Unity experience (or torture, depending on your perspective)."
Xubuntu 14.04 LTS.
Xubuntu 14.04 LTS was released on 17 April 2014 and, being an LTS, features three years of support. It incorporates the Xfdesktop 4.11, the Mugshot user account profile editor, the MenuLibre menu editor in place of Alacarte and the Light-locker screen lock to replace Xscreensaver. The Whisker Menu is the default application launching menu. The "Xfdesktop" also supports using different wallpapers on each workspace.
Jim Lynch reviewed Xubuntu 14.04 LTS and concluded, "I’ve always been a fan of Xubuntu as I tend to go for lightweight desktops versus ones with a lot more glitz and features. So I was quite pleased with Xubuntu 14.04. It’s true that you aren’t going to find tons of earth shattering features in this release, and that’s fine because it’s a long term support release anyway. I never expect new feature overload in LTS releases since the emphasis is on stability and polish. But Xubuntu 14.04 LTS is a definite improvement from the last version. The overall experience has been polished up significantly, and there are some small but useful features added like Mugshot, Light Locker and MenuLibre, and of course Whiskermenu."
Applications.
The Xubuntu CD includes application software for the average user including:
Xubuntu includes the Ubuntu Software Center which allows users to download additional applications from the Ubuntu repositories.
Releases.
Xubuntu versions are released twice a year, coinciding with Ubuntu releases. Xubuntu uses the same version numbers and code names as Ubuntu, using the year and month of the release as the version number. The first Xubuntu release, for example, was 6.06, indicating June 2006.
Xubuntu releases are also given code names, using an adjective and an animal with the same first letter e.g.: "Dapper Drake" and "Intrepid Ibex". These are the same as the respective Ubuntu code names. Xubuntu code names are in alphabetical order, allowing a quick determination of which release is newer, although there were no releases with the letters "A" or "C". Commonly, Xubuntu releases are referred to by developers and users by only the adjective portion of the code name, for example "Intrepid Ibex" is often called just "Intrepid".
Xubuntu Long Term Support (LTS) versions are planned to be supported for three years. This three year period is, like other Ubuntu derived releases such as Kubuntu and Edbuntu, two years shorter than Ubuntu's planned five year LTS period.
Derivatives.
Xubuntu has been developed into several new versions by third-party developers:

</doc>
<doc id="2931263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931263" title="Hyperion (computer)">
Hyperion (computer)

The Hyperion vied with the Compaq Portable to be the first portable IBM PC compatible computer. It was marketed by Infotech Cie of Ottawa, a subsidiary of Bytec Management Corp., who acquired the designer and manufacturer Dynalogic in January 1983. Although displayed by Commodore International as their forthcoming first portable computer, it was never sold by Commodore. The Hyperion was shipped in January 1983 at C$4995, two months ahead of the Compaq Portable. The machine was advanced for 1982, featuring 256 kB RAM, dual 360 kB 5.25" floppy disk drives, a graphics card compatible with both CGA and HGC, a video-out jack, a built-in 7-inch amber CRT, 300 bit/s modem, and even an acoustic coupler. It included a version of MS-DOS called H-DOS and bundled word processor, database, and modem software. While the Hyperion weighed just eighteen pounds (8.2 kg), or about 2/3 the weight of the Compaq, it was not as reliable or as IBM compatible and was discontinued within two years.
H-DOS was remarkable and is of historical significance because it featured a simple menu system. The through keys beneath the 7" screen corresponded to five menu items displayed at the bottom of the screen. This menu was context sensitive and greatly facilitated entering DOS commands. All but the least frequently used commands were available as F-key menu selections, and this greatly reduced the amount of typing required. This user interface was comparable to the many DOS shell programs available at the time, but functioned much more smoothly because of the soft key concept.
The soft keys were also a feature of the word processor, database, and modem software that came bundled with the Hyperion, where they were used to select application commands from context sensitive menus.

</doc>
<doc id="2931265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931265" title="Bendel">
Bendel

Bendel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931281" title="Paul Erman">
Paul Erman

Paul Erman (February 29, 1764 – October 11, 1851) was a German physicist from Berlin, Brandenburg and a Huguenot of the fourth generation. He was the son of the historian Jean Pierre Erman (1735-1814), author of "Histoire des refugis".
Erman became teacher of science successively at the French gymnasium (Französisches Gymnasium Berlin) in Berlin, and at the military academy, and on the foundation of the University of Berlin in 18 months he was chosen professor of physics. His work was mainly concerned with electricity and magnetism, though he also made some contributions to optics and physiology.
Erman died in Berlin. He had a son, Georg Adolf Erman who was a physicist, and a grandson Johann Peter Adolf Erman, known as an Egyptologist.

</doc>
<doc id="2931284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931284" title="Bias tape">
Bias tape

Bias tape or bias binding is a narrow strip of fabric, cut on the bias (UK "cross-grain"). The strip's fibers, being at 45 degrees to the length of the strip, makes it stretchier as well as more fluid and more drapeable compared to a strip that is cut on the grain. Many strips can be pieced together into a long "tape." The tape's width varies from about 1/2" to about 3" depending on applications. Bias tape is used in making piping, binding seams, finishing raw edges, etc. It is often used on the edges of quilts, placemats, and bibs, around armhole and neckline edges instead of a facing, and as a simple strap or tie for casual bags or clothing.
Commercially available bias tape is available as a simple bias tape, single-fold bias tape, and double-fold bias tape.
-fold bias tape is bias tape with each raw edge folded in toward the center, wrong sides together, and pressed.
<br clear=all>
-fold bias tape is single-fold bias tape which has been folded in half and pressed, with the single folds to the inside. (Another way to think of it is to fold a Single-fold bias tape in half along its center-line.)
<br clear=all>
Devices are available commercially to aid the home sewer in making folded bias tape. The fabric strip is fed through the device, which folds the fabric. The folds are then pressed into place. The resulting folded tape will be 1/4 the width of the original fabric strip.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2931285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931285" title="Mike Roberts (sportscaster)">
Mike Roberts (sportscaster)

Mike Roberts is a former American radio sportscaster in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where he provided play-by-play for University of New Mexico (UNM) Lobo basketball and football games on KKOB (AM).
Roberts began broadcasting Lobo football games in 1966 and Lobo basketball games in 1968, becoming known along the way as "the Voice of the Lobos". For years he hosted "The Mike Roberts Show" and the coaches shows on KKOB and was the sports anchor on KOB-TV, the NBC affiliate in Albuquerque.
Roberts has also called games for the minor league baseball teams, the Albuquerque Dukes and the Albuquerque Isotopes, as well as numerous other local sports events.
When KKOB announced it was replacing Roberts on the popular sports show "Lobo Talk" in 2003, fans of the show were so outraged that some threatened to boycott the sports bar where it is broadcast.
Roberts began his broadcasting career in Atmore, Alabama, at WATM (now WNRP) in December 1951, making stops from Key West, Florida, to Laramie, Wyoming, before becoming a fixture in Albuquerque radio.
Awards and honors.
In 1999, Roberts was named as an inductee to the University of New Mexico Athletic Hall of Honor by the UNM Alumni Lettermen's Association and received its Distinguished Service Award.
New Mexico governor Bill Richardson declared May 8, 2008, as "Mike Roberts Appreciation Day" throughout the state.

</doc>
<doc id="2931287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931287" title="USS Hailey (DD-556)">
USS Hailey (DD-556)

USS "Hailey" (DD-556) was a "Fletcher"-class destroyer of the United States Navy named for Captain Joshua Hailey, commander of the privateer "True Blood Yankee" during the War of 1812.
"Hailey" was launched 9 March 1943 by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Corp., Seattle, Wash., sponsored by Mrs. Claude S. Gillette, wife of Rear Admiral Gillette; and commissioned 30 September 1943, Commander Parke H. Brady in command.
History.
After shakedown out of San Diego, "Hailey" departed Seattle 13 December 1943 to join the Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor. She sortied from Pearl Harbor 19 January 1944 screening a unit of Admiral Richmond Kelly Turner's Southern Attack Force for the assault and occupation of the Marshall Islands. Arriving off the southern tip of Kwajalein Atoll, "Hailey" joined the Southern Transport Screen and later stood offshore and pounded the enemy with her 5 inch guns. She sailed from Kwajalein 15 February with the Eniwetok Expeditionary Group and arrived off Eniwetok next day to screen the heavy ships; then joined Admiral Jesse Oldendorf's Northern Support Group in battering strong enemy emplacements before retiring to Majuro Atoll screening Manila Hay.
After patrolling the Mussau-Emirau area, "Hailey" spent most of April and May on antisubmarine paitrol, intercepting barge traffic and providing daily fire support for Army operations in the New Guinea area. Destroyer Division 94, consisting of "Haggard" (DD-555), "Franks" (DD-554), "Hailey", and "Johnston" (DD-557) was moving northwesterly up from the Solomons 16 May. About 2½ hours before midnight they were steaming in scouting line some 125 miles east by north of Green Island. "Haggard" made a sonar contact on her starboard bow at a range of 2,800 yards. It was 1600-ton "I-176". Five separate attacks were made and between the last two a heavy underwater ripple explosion was heard. The destroyers continued their search until the following evening without regaining contact—but they recovered souvenirs of Japanese origin from a diesel oil slick that extended over 7 miles of ocean.
During the first part of June "Hailey" took up screening and patrol duties east of Saipan in support of the Marianas operations. She sortied from Eniwetok 1 July with Admiral Weyler's Battleship Division 3 for the pre-invasion bombardment and softening up of Guam, then joined Admiral Conolly's Southern Attack Force for the capture of Guam (21 July–10 August 1944) retiring to Eniwetok 9 August. The remainder of August and September "Hailey" screened a group of escort carriers furnishing air support for the seizure and occupation of Peleliu, Ngesebu, and Anguar Islands in the Palaus.
"Hailey" next sortied from Seeadler Harbor, Manus Island, 12 October with Admiral Felix Stump's "Taffy 2" (Task Unit 77.4.2) the center formation of the three escort carrier groups off the entrance to Leyte Gulf. While Admiral Oldendorf was crushing Admiral Nishumura's Southern Force in Surigao Strait 24–25 October, Admiral Takeo Kurita's Center Force arrived off Samar undetected in the early hours of 25 October with the aim of destroying the 7th Fleet's heavy concentration of amphibious ships supporting the invasion of Leyte. In the face of overwhelming odds against a much superior force Admiral Thomas L. Sprague's three "Taffies" gallantly drove off Kurita's forces and defeated his mission—thus stopping the most powerful surface fleet Japan had sent to sea since the Battle of Midway.
The experienced destroyer next joined the Fast Carrier Task Force (then TF 38 of Admiral William F. Halsey's 3rd Fleet), as a unit of Rear Admiral Gerald F. Bogan's Task Group 38.4 (TG 38.4) launching strikes on Formosa, before joining Captain Acuff's fueling group for the 3d Fleet. In February 1945 "Hailey" joined Admiral Marc A. Mitscher's Fast Carrier Task Force 58 and until the last of June participated in bombardments and strikes, inflicting much damage to the enemy on Okinawa and the Japanese home islands where "the fleet had come to stay."
Returning to the States in July, "Hailey" decommissioned at San Diego 27 January 1946 and joined the Reserve Fleet.
"Hailey" recommissioned at San Diego 27 April 1951, Lt. Comdr. Joseph E. Reedy in command. After training in the San Diego area she transited the Panama Canal and joined units of the 6th Fleet at Newport for duty. "Hailey" departed Newport 6 September 1952 and sailed via the Panama Canal Zone to spend the next 4 months in Korean waters. Joining Fast Carrier Task Force 77 (TF 77), she took part in blockading operations and provided close fire support for ground troops in Korea. Departing Sasebo 5 February 1953, "Hailey" returned to the East Coast once more to rejoin the 6th Fleet.
Between 8 September 1954 and 14 September 1959 "Hailey" made four deployments with the 6th Fleet to the Mediterranean. When not deployed in the Mediterranean, she served as plane guard for carrier "Monterey" (CVL-26), training aviation cadets at Pensacola. In addition, she was continuously engaged in antisubmarine training and destroyer tactics, becoming increasingly proficient as part of a fleet vital in preserving American freedom. "Hailey" decommissioned 3 November 1960 at Portsmouth, Va., and joined the Reserve Fleet.
"Pernambuco" (D-30).
"Hailey" was loaned to the government of Brazil 20 July 1961, and served in the Marinha do Brasil as "Pernambuco" (D-30).
"Hailey" received six battle stars for World War II service and two stars for Korean War service.

</doc>
<doc id="2931288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931288" title="Ed Cole">
Ed Cole

Edward Nicholas Cole (September 17, 1909 – May 2, 1977) was an American automotive executive for General Motors.
Career.
Cole was the son of a dairy farmer. In his youth, he designed, built, and sold homemade radio sets, and as a teenager became a field representative for a tractor manufacturer. He wanted to be a lawyer, but landed a part-time job in an auto parts store while attending Grand Rapids Community College. He then enrolled in General Motors Institute, where he was a member of the Phi Kappa Epsilon (now Pi Kappa Alpha) Fraternity. Cole was such a good student, that he was offered a job at GM before he graduated. Soon after Cole married his hometown sweetheart, Esther Engman. He worked in engineering, rising to co-head a team (with Harry Barr) that developed the 1949 Cadillac V8. He was briefly assigned to run a GM plant in Cleveland, Ohio, when Chevrolet general manager Tom Keating requested his assignment as chief engineer. 
He became chief engineer of the Chevrolet Division in 1952. His most important task was to develop a new engine for Chevy's lineup to replace the Stovebolt Six; that new engine was Chevrolet's small-block V8, a massive success that remained in production for decades. He collaborated with Zora Arkus-Duntov to revitalize the weak-performing early Corvettes, and he also introduced engineering and design advancements in the Chevrolet car and truck lines between 1955 and 1962.
Cole was promoted to general manager of Chevrolet in 1956. During these years, Chevy was a perennial sales leader, but with only larger cars in the lineup. As general manager of Chevrolet, he directed the development of the Corvair intended to pursue the compact car market. The strong early sales of the new car with its radical design with rear-engine, rear-wheel drive layout, put Cole on the cover of "Time" magazine October 5, 1959 issue. Cole was promoted to head the GM car and truck group in 1961, then to executive vice-president in 1965, and to president in 1967.
Cole was chief engineer of the Chevrolet Vega and directed the GM design staff in developing their first subcompact, four passenger vehicle. Cole's persistence in getting "his" advanced engineering projects to the production line resulted in the innovative aluminum engines in both the Corvair and Vega. He "would preside over Vega's troubled launch, which was intertwined with a disastrous 1970 confrontation between GM and the United Auto Workers." Ironically, Cole's greatest engineering triumph came the same year. Cole ordered engine compression ratios reduced after 1970 knowing regulations would tighten. He deserves credit for weaning American cars off leaded gasoline and prepared GM for catalytic converters in 1975. 
Cole retired from GM in 1974. He then became chairman and CEO of Checker Motors Corporation and Chairman of International Husky, an air-freight company. In 1977, the Rifle River Scout Canoe Base was renamed the Edward N. Cole Canoe Base to reflect the dedication of Edward N. Cole to Scouting in the Detroit Area. He died at age 67 in a crash during a storm. He was piloting his private twin-engine Beagle B.206 Series 2 plane near Kalamazoo, Michigan, about south of where he was born. Cole became a member of Michigan Gamma Chapter of the Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society in 1952. In 1998, Cole was posthumously inducted into the Corvette Hall of Fame.
His son, David E. Cole, is Chairman Emeritus of the Center for Automotive Research (CAR) in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2931311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931311" title="Sir Sydney Waterlow, 1st Baronet">
Sir Sydney Waterlow, 1st Baronet

Sir Sydney Hedley Waterlow, 1st Baronet, KCVO (1 November 1822 – 3 August 1906) was an English philanthropist and politician, principally remembered for donating Waterlow Park to the public as "a garden for the gardenless".
He was born in Finsbury and brought up in Mile End. Educated at St Saviour's Grammar School, he was apprenticed to a stationer and printer and worked in the family firm of Waterlow & Sons Ltd, a large printing company employing over two thousand people. From that he moved into finance and became a director of the Union Bank of London.
He was a Commissioner at the Great Exhibition in 1851 and a juror at the Paris International Exhibition in 1867 for which he was knighted.
He started his political career as a Councillor in 1857 (when he introduced telegraph links between police stations). In 1863 he became an Alderman and began his philanthropic works. He was chairman of the philanthropic housing company The Improved Industrial Dwellings Company, which built the Leopold Buildings amongst others. He also worked for many other charities. He was a Sheriff of the City of London in 1866 and Lord Mayor of London from 1872–1873, and was created a Baronet on 4 August 1873.
In 1870, he bought large areas of land in Kent, including the village of Fairseat (near Stansted), a major portion of Stansted as well as other pieces of land extending from Wrotham to Meopham. The parts of the estate were linked by a small bridge bearing the family crest over Trottiscliffe Road (which is still in evidence today - see www.geograph.org.uk). In 1887, he built Trosley Towers on the crest of the escarpment on the North Downs, to the east of Trottiscliffe Road. Two drives approached the house, and it was surrounded by wooded grounds. Later, other private drives were constructed, including Hamilton Drive which still survives within the Trosley Country Park and runs from the site of the old House to Commority Road.
In 1872 he gave Lauderdale House (now in Waterlow Park) to St Bartholomew's Hospital to be used as a convalescent home for the poor, staffed by nurses supplied by Florence Nightingale, and in 1889 he gave the surrounding park to the London County Council. His former house next to the park, Fairseat, became Channing Junior School.
He was a Liberal Member of Parliament for Dumfriesshire (1868–1869), Maidstone (1874–1880) and Gravesend (1880–1885).
His 4th son, David Sydney Waterlow, was Liberal MP for Islington North.
When Sir Sidney died in 1906 at his Trosley Towers estate, Wrotham, which passed to his son Philip (who thereby became entitled Sir). When Sir Philip died in 1931, the estate was sold off. Some of the houses (of the estate) were bought by tenants, one of these was Pilgrims House, (see http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/1177043) with six acres of land, at the bottom of Trottiscliffe Road which went for £600. Trosley Towers and the woodlands around it, were sold to 'Mr E. E. Shahmoon' in 1935.
In 1936, Mr Shahmoon had Trosley Towers demolished and had Hamilton Lodge built along with adjoining stables. One story suggests that the Lodge and stables were built to accommodate the Shah of Persia's racehorses on his visits to England.
The whole area was still owned by Mr Shahmoon when it was taken over by the army in 1942 during World War II and Hamilton Lodge was to be the HQ of the Army Brigade that was stationed here. Later the Trosley Towers Estate passed to Kent County Council, which created Trosley Country Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2931325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931325" title="Austrian Air Force">
Austrian Air Force

The Austrian Air Force () is a component part of the Austrian armed forces (the Bundesheer).
History.
The Austrian Air Force was formed in May 1955 by the victorious Allied powers, subject to restrictions on its use of guided missiles. The Austrian State Treaty of 1955 committed Austria to permanent neutrality.
Pilot training started out with a few Yak 11 "Moose" and Yak 18 "Max" aircraft donated by the Soviet Union, and Austria purchased further light trainer types under the Military Assistance Program. Until 1960 Austria purchased 62 training and support aircraft under the MAP, but no modern fighter aircraft; the role of a fighter was rather inadequately filled by the already outdated, 30 SAAB 29 "Fliegende Tonne" bought second-hand from the Swedish Air Force in the early 1960s.
From 1970, Austria purchased a total of 40 Saab 105 lightweight multi-role aircraft with the intention to deploy them in trainer, reconnaissance, interception and ground attack roles. As it became clear in the 1980s that the sub-sonic aircraft were inadequate for air combat and airspace interdiction, Austria purchased 24 reconditioned J 35 Draken fighter aircraft to supersede the Saab 105 as the Austrian Air Force's main interceptor in 1988. The Saab 105 remained in service as a trainer/surveillance aircraft.
Shortly after, the Draken saw their first major use in airspace interdiction starting 1991 during the Yugoslav Wars, when Yugoslav MiG-21 fighters crossed the Austrian border without permission. In one incident on 28 June a MiG-21 penetrated as far as Graz, causing a widespread demands for action. Following repeated border crossings by armed aircraft of the Yugoslav People's Army, changes were suggested to the standing orders for aircraft armament.
Since 1955, Austria's armed forces had been forbidden to operate any guided missile system, including Air-to-air missiles and surface-to-air missiles. In the post-Cold War environment, and with gun-armed aircraft a relic of a past age, the Austrian Parliament voted to amend this section of its state treaty and in January 1993 modern AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles were ordered from Sweden to arm its fighter aircraft.
Until 1985, when the first of twenty-four Saab J-35Ö Drakens were delivered, the country had remained essentially without the capacity to contest violations of its airspace. The Drakens, reconditioned after having served the Swedish Air Force since the early 1960s, are armed only with a cannon, in accordance with the restrictions on missiles in the State Treaty of 1955. However, following Austria's revised interpretation of its obligations under the treaty, a decision was made in 1993 to procure Sidewinder air-to-air missiles. The first of these missiles will be purchased used from the Swedish air force. A higher performance model of the Sidewinder were purchased directly from the United States; deliveries began in 1995. French Mistral surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) were purchased to add ground-based protection against air attack. The first of the French missiles arrived in Austria in 1993; final deliveries were concluded in 1996.
Phaseout of the Drakens was scheduled to begin about 1995, and studies were under way to select a replacement, probably one that can be configured for both air defense and ground support missions. Possible replacements for the Draken are the United States F-16 and F-18. In addition to the two squadrons of Drakens, the air force has thirty-one Saab 105Oe fighters available for reconnaissance and close air support of ground troops; however, eight Saabs, borrowed from the combat squadrons, are regularly employed as jet conversion trainers. Acquired in 1970–72 after service in the Swedish air force, the subsonic Saabs are of limited value in a combat role. The helicopter fleet includes Agusta-Bell (AB) 204s (mainly medical evacuation), AB206s (training and liaison), and AB-212s (used by air-mobile troops and for light transport). French Alouettes are available for search-and-rescue tasks, including high mountain operations. The Bell OH-58 Kiowa, a scout helicopter, is mounted with a rapid-firing machine gun, but the air force lacks a true attack helicopter. Most of the helicopters, except the AB-212s, are becoming obsolete (see table 16, Appendix).
After the avalanche in Galtür in 1999, it became apparent that the Austrian Air Force's helicopter complement were too few in numbers and too limited in design. Therefore, several US built Sikorsky UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters were purchased, to be used for transportation during disasters.
In 2003 Austria's transport capability was improved when it purchased three C-130 Hercules from the Royal Air Force. These aircraft were needed for the demanding UN peacekeeping missions in which Austria played a role.
In 2005, the Saab Draken fleet was retired (50 years after the type first saw service), to be replaced by the Eurofighter Typhoon. Before the first delivery of Typhoons, F-5 Tiger II were leased from Switzerland as a stopgap measure. The Eurofighter purchase was subject to controversy in Austria, and became a political football for some time, but the 15th and final aircraft was delivered on 24 September 2009.
Organization.
Austria's air force is divided into two brigade level formations: the Air Surveillance Command ("Kommando Luftraumüberwachung") in Salzburg tasked with the defense of the Austrian airspace and the Air Support Command ("Kommando Luftunterstützung") in Hörsching Air Base with helicopters and transport planes.
All personnel destined to enter service with the Air Force is trained by the Air and Air Defense Personnel School ("Flieger- und Fliegerabwehrtruppenschule") based at Langenlebarn Air Base. The school is under direct command and control of the Ministry of Defense and controls two flying units:
Fliegerhorste (Air Force Bases).
Vogler Air Base.
Vogler Air Base, north of the town of Hörsching west of Linz, was built as a base for the German Luftwaffe 1938–1940. After the war the USAAF used the base, then named "Camp McCauley – Hörsching" and housing displaced persons, until 1955 when it was returned to the Austrian government.
Initially used exclusively by the ground forces, the first military aircraft, Yakovlev Yak-18 "Max-A", arrived in 1957. The base was named for First Lieutenant Walter Vogler in 1967.
The German-built base structures were used jointly by the military and civilian aviation until the 70s when construction of the new civilian area in the northern part of the base was finished.
FH Vogler is the largest base of the Luftstreitkräfte. It houses "Fliegerwerft 3", responsible for overhauls and maintenance of the Lockheed Martin C-130K Hercules/Hercules C.Mk 1P and Agusta Bell AB212.
Units currently based here are the Saab 105Oe of 3rd Jet Squadron, Flight Regiment 3; the Lockheed Martin C-130K Hercules/Hercules C.Mk 1P of 4th Air Transport Squadron, Flight Regiment 3; and the Agusta Bell AB212 of 1st and 2nd Helicopter Squadron, Flight Regiment 3.
Brumowski Air Base.
Fliegerhorst Brumowski, south of the town of Langenlebarn northwest of Vienna, was built as a base for the Luftwaffe 1938–1940. After the war the base was briefly occupied by Soviet troops before it was taken over by the USAAF, becoming "Air Force Station Tulln – Vienna". In 1946 Pan Am added the base as destination, and for a short time there were regular flights New York/Langenlebarn.
The first Austrian aircraft to arrive were Yakovlev Yak-11 "Moose" and Yakovlev Yak-18 "Max-A" trainers donated by the Soviet Union and Agusta Bell AB47G2 helicopters in late 1955. The base was named for Captain Godwin Brumowski in 1967.
The base is the headquarters of the Luftstreifkräfte; it also houses the "Bundesfachschule für Flugtechnik" (Federal School for Aeronatical Engineering) and "Fliegerwerft 1", responsible for overhauls and maintenance of the Pilatus PC-6 B2H2 Turbo Porter, Sikorsky S-70A-42 Black Hawk and Bell OH-58B Kiowa.
Units currently based here are the Pilatus PC-6 B2H2 Turbo Porter of 4th Air Squadron, Flight Regiment 1; the Sikorsky S-70A-42 Black Hawk of 1st Helicopter Squadron, Flight Regiment 1, and Bell OH-58B Kiowa of 3rd Helicopter Squadron, Flight Regiment 1.
Hinterstoisser Air Base.
Fliegerhorst Hinterstoisser, located north of Zeltweg in a region known as Aichfeld, was built as a base for the Air Force of the "Ständestaat" 1936–1938. The base was occupied by Soviet troops in the aftermath of the war, but then transferred to the RAF which used the base until 1947.
In spring 1957 the first aircraft, Piper PA-18/95 Super Cub and Zlin Z-126 Trener, arrived with "Fluggruppe 1" at the base. Since then it is the main base for the training of new aviators. It was named for Colonel Franz Hinterstoisser in 1967.
The base houses the 1st Squadron of the "Überwachungsgeschwader" (Surveillance Wing). With the retirement of the Saab 35 Draken in 2005 the unit now uses the Eurofighter Typhoon. The first Eurofighter Typhoon arrived in July 2007. The base also houses parts of "Fliegerwerft 2", responsible for overhauls and maintenance of the Saab 105Oe and the Pilatus PC-7 Turbo Trainer, as well as Flight School for basic training.
Units currently based here are the Pilatus PC-7 Turbo Trainer of Flight School; detachments of 2nd Squadron and the Eurofighter Typhoon.
Nittner Air Base.
Fliegerhorst Nittner – Graz International Airport, located south of Graz, was built as a base for the Austro-Hungarian Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops and opened in 1913.
After the Second World War the RAF used the base before it was returned to Austria in 1951.
The first Austrian aircraft arrived in 1957, three De Havilland Vampire T.Mk 55 for the Fighter Bomber Training Squadron; since then Graz was the main base for fighter and fighter bomber aircraft of the Luftstreitkräfte. The base was named for First Lieutenant Eduard Nittner in 1967.
The base housed parts of "Fliegerwerft 2", responsible for maintenance of Northrop F-5E Tiger II. It is primarily a civilian airport, with the military enclave in its southern part; but the base itself is earmarked for closure in 2008 (with the end of Tiger operations) with its installations most likely taken over by the civilian airport operator.
Fiala-Fernbrugg Air Base.
Fiala-Fernbrugg Air Base (Fliegerhorst Fiala-Fernbrugg), located north of the town of Aigen im Ennstal on the southern edge of the "Totes Gebirge", was built as a base for the Air Force of the "Ständestaat" 1936–1937. At the end of World War II the base became the homebase of the only helicopter unit of the Luftwaffe; beginning the tradition of helicopter operations at Aigen im Ennstal.
Soviet troops occupied the base after the war, but after only a few weeks control switched to the . After a few more weeks, the base ended up in British hands. The RAF rebuilt the base and handed it over to Austria in 1947. It was used as a storage depot for the "B-Gendarmerie", a paramilitary police force in the western zones.
After some years of hiatus, the first helicopters, Bell H-13H Sioux arrived in late 1960. The base was named for Captain Benno Fiala von Fernbrugg in 1967.
The base houses "Fliegerwerft A", responsible for overhauls and maintenance of Aerospatiale AS-316B Alouette III. "Hochgebirgslandekurse" (Alpine landing courses) are conducted at least annually at the base, with officers of foreign air forces as regular attendants.
Units currently based here are the Aerospatiale AS-316B Alouette III of 1st and 2nd Helicopter Squadron, Flight Regiment 2.
Wiener Neustadt Air Base.
Wiener Neustadt Air Base was located northwest of the city and was one of the first airports on the European continent. It opened in 1910 and housed various units of the Austro-Hungarian Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops. The base was close to the Wiener Neustädter Flugzeugwerke (WNF) factory in the eastern part of the city and which manufactured Messerschmitt Bf 109s and repaired Junkers bombers and destroyers during World War II. The base was bombed to total destruction during World War II and was rebuilt by the Soviets who operated the base until 1955. The Austrian military took the base over, but didn't use it until 1961. The base currently houses no units, but Flight Regiment 1s Pilatus PC-6 B2H2 Turbo Porter are operating from the base regularly for flight training purposes as well as for training of army parachutists.
Truppenübungsplatz Allentsteig – Liechtenstein Kaserne.
The large Liechtenstein Kaserne on the northern edge of the "Truppenübungsplatz Allentsteig" (Training Area, Gunnery and Bombing Range) is home to a detachment of Flight Regiment 1s Bell OH-58B Kiowa. Known as "Stützpunkt Nord" it is not only used by military aircraft, helicopters of the Ministry of the Interior using the base for operations too; the task of border surveillance is jointly conducted by the military and civilian authorities. Besides that, Flight Regiment 1s helicopters and Pilatus PC-6 B2H2 Turbo Porter are operating from the base or its adjacent meadows/roads on a regular base.
Frundsberg Kaserne.
The Frundsberg Kaserne in the southern suburbs of Schwaz east of Innsbruck houses a detachment of Flight Regiment 2s Aerospatiale AS-316B Alouette III used for SAR and firefighting duties. The helicopters are operating from Schwaz since 1969. The base is earmarked for closure, with the helicopters being redeployed to the nearby Andreas Hofer Kaserne.
Radar Installations and Mobile Systems.
Ortsfeste Radarstation Kolomannsberg – ORS K.
This radar site is located atop the Kolomannsberg (1,114 m) on the border between Salzburg and Upper Austria north of Thalgau in a region known as the Flachgau. The site is active since January 1968, and provides 24/7 air surveillance since August 1968. Initially a French CSF (now Thales Group) RV376 and a British Marconi (now BAE Systems) S244 heightfinder were used at the site but were replaced by an Italian Selenia (now Alenia) RAT-31S 3D-radar in 1983. The system was further enhanced with the installation of a Selenia (now Alenia) RAT-31DL 3-D radar in 2003.
The site is also called "Grossraumradarstation" (lit. large space radar station) since it has the necessary office and working areas for a complete air traffic/combat control center. It served in this role until 1987 when its tasks were taken over by the EZ/B and is still maintained to provide backup when needed.
Ortsfeste Radarstation Speikkogel – ORS SPK.
This radar site is located atop the Speikkogel (2,140 m) on the border between Styria and Carinthia in the Koralpe mountains west of Wolfsberg. The site is active since 1986, with its construction and commission severely hampered by the bad weather in the region (partly due to the height above SL) and problems with the radom and the radar itself. A Selenia (now Alenia) RAT-31S 3-D radar is installed, scheduled to receive the RAT-31DL upgrade. The site features a downsized version of the ORS K's control center, but is normally not manned.
Ortsfeste Radarstation Steinmandl – ORS STM.
This radar site is located atop the Steinmandl (490 m) north of Ernstbrunn in the Leiser Berge region 40 km north of Vienna. The site is active since 1985; to the immediate west a secondary radar operated by AustroControl is located atop the Buschberg. The ORS uses a Selenia (now Alenia) RAT-31S 3-D radar, but is scheduled to receive the RAT-31DL upgrade. The site was a replacement for the unbuilt one atop the Schneeberg south of Vienna.
Mobile MRCS-403 Systems.
As a backup to the fixed sites and to create a better situation image in times of crisis two Selenia (now Alenia) MRCS-403 3-D radars – mobile versions of the RAT-31S – are operated by the Radarbataillon since 1979. Several sites (Irrsberg, Hochwechsel) are prepared to host the radar.
Mobile RAC 3D Systems.
To provide detection of low-flying aircraft the Radarbataillon operates six Thomson-CSF (now Thales Group) RAC 3D medium-range 3-D radars – designated TER (Tieffliegererfassungsradar) – mounted on ÖAF 32.403 trucks beginning in 1998. A further 16 of these systems are operated by the Air Defense Bataillons in special target designation configuration to provide early warning and target tracking for the Mistral units.
Air Defense Systems.
35 mm Twin-barreled Anti-Air Gun Model 85.
The Z/FlAK 85 (Zwilling/Fliegerabwehrkanone) is the Oerlikon Contraves GDF-001 system. 18 of these guns were purchased in 1965 (under the designation Z/FlAK 65) and used with earlier acquired Oerlikon Contraves FLGer 60 (Feuerleitgerät, fire control radar) Super Fledermaus and new Oerlikon Contraves FLGer 65 Improved Super Fledermaus.
A second batch of these guns consisting of a further 18 Z/FlAK 65, but this time with FLGer 69, a further improved Super Fledermaus, was purchased in 1973. The FLGer 69 were never issued to the units but returned to the manufacturer in 1973 for eventual replacement with the new FLGer 75 Skyguard beginning in 1976. Improved Skyguards, dubbed FLGer 79 were purchased in 1981.
The guns itself were upgraded to GDF-005 standard in 1987, designated Z/FlAK 85 since. The FLGer 75/79 have been upgraded to FLGer 98 in the late 90s. A total of 72 guns and 37 Skyguard systems have been acquired over the years.
Light Anti-Air Guided Missile Mistral.
The lFAL (leichte Fliegerabwehrlenkwaffe) Matra (now MBDA) Mistral is not only used with the Air Defense Regiments of the Air Force but also with the air defense batteries attached to the HQ units of the Army's Brigades.
72 of these systems – along with several hundred missiles, the exact number is unknown – have been purchased beginning in 1993. They are used in conjunction with the so-called ZZR (Zielzuweisungsradar), 16 Thomson-CSF (now Thales Group) RAC 3D medium range 3-D radars in target designation configuration, that have been purchased in 1998. Nine missile launchers and two radars normally operate in a battery.

</doc>
<doc id="2931332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931332" title="Rob Niedermayer">
Rob Niedermayer

Robert Wade Niedermayer, Jr. (born December 28, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 17 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons for the Florida Panthers, Calgary Flames, Anaheim Ducks, New Jersey Devils and Buffalo Sabres. He is the younger brother of former NHL defenceman Scott Niedermayer (the two were teammates for four seasons) and cousin of defenceman Jason Strudwick.
Although Rob was born in Cassiar, British Columbia, he and his brother Scott grew up living in Cranbrook, British Columbia.
Playing career.
National Hockey League.
Niedermayer was drafted 5th overall by the Florida Panthers in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. At the time he was playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He started his NHL career right away, without playing a game in the minors. During the 1996 NHL season he set career highs in goals, assists, and points in the regular season. In the playoffs, the Panthers went on an improbable playoff drive to the Stanley Cup Finals, before being swept in four games by the Colorado Avalanche. Niedermayer was hurt by concussions in the next years and has never been able to achieve the same level of scoring ability again. His NHL role soon turned into a defensive forward.
On July 23, 2001, Niedermayer was traded from the Florida Panthers to the Calgary Flames with a draft pick for Valeri Bure and Jason Wiemer. He did not last long in Calgary, and at the 2003 trading deadline he was traded to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. That same year he helped the Anaheim Ducks make an improbable run to the Stanley Cup Finals, his second such run. But again, Niedermayer's team lost, although this time it was in seven games to his brother's team, the New Jersey Devils. Rob and Scott became the first set of brothers to play against each other in the Stanley Cup Final since Ken and Terry Reardon did it in 1946.
In the summer of 2005, Rob's brother Scott was signed by the Mighty Ducks, and for the first time in their NHL careers, the two brothers were playing on the same team.
Rob Niedermayer and his brother Scott (by this point captain of the Ducks, with Rob as an alternate) won the Stanley Cup together as members of the Anaheim Ducks defeating the Ottawa Senators four games to one in 2007, becoming the first brothers to win the Stanley Cup together since Duane and Brent Sutter accomplished the feat twice with the New York Islanders in 1982 and 1983. After Scott took the first lap around the ice with the Stanley Cup, he handed it to Rob. This was a break with Stanley Cup tradition; normally the alternate captain who has waited longest to win the Cup (in the 2006-07 Ducks' case, Chris Pronger and Teemu Selanne) takes the next lap after the captain takes his lap.
On September 25, 2009, Niedermayer was signed by the New Jersey Devils, a team his brother Scott had previously played on for 14 NHL seasons.
On July 7, 2010, Niedermayer was signed by the Buffalo Sabres to a one-year contract worth a reported 1.15 million dollars.
National League A.
After becoming a free agent following the 2011 season, Niedermayer signed with HC Lugano in Switzerland.
Personal life.
On July 16, 2006 Rob married longtime girlfriend Jessica Bentall, daughter of Barney Bentall, whom he had been dating since March 2001. Together they have two daughters, Brooke (b April 25, 2008), and Reese (b October 25, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="2931333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931333" title="Vladivostok International Airport">
Vladivostok International Airport

Vladivostok International Airport ( "Mezhdunarodnyi aeroport Vladivostok") is located near Artyom, Primorsky Krai, Russia roughly an hour's drive (44 kilometers) north of the center of the city of Vladivostok. It was formerly known as Knevichi Airport, named after village Knevichi. It consists of two passenger terminals: the old Domestic Terminal B and the new International Terminal A.
The airport has two airfields, Lake Springs and Knevichi.
The Lake Springs airfield was designed for aircraft operating on regional routes. It has two hard surface runways 21 meters wide, each. One is 1000 meters in length and the second is 600 meters. Currently, it is not used for regularly scheduled flights, and local aviation operates from there, instead.
The Knevichi airfield was designed for all types of aircraft and has two hard surface runways. Each runway is 3,500 meters in length and 60 meters in width.
Expansion and modernization.
The domestic Terminal B of the airport underwent complete renovation during 2005-2006, which made it one of the most comfortable and up-to-date airport terminals in Russia. The renovated terminal was re-opened on December 19, 2006.
Federal and regional government announced plans to rebuild Vladivostok International Airport prior to the APEC Russia 2012 Summit on Russky Island, south of Vladivostok. A new terminal (terminal A) was built in 2012, at a cost of 7 billion RUB. The capacity of this new terminal building is 3.5 million passengers/year. Runway 07R/25L was also reconstructed and lengthened, to 3,500 meters. This new runway is capable of accommodating all aircraft types without any restrictions.

</doc>
<doc id="2931336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931336" title="CITP">
CITP

CITP may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2931345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931345" title="Georg Adolf Erman">
Georg Adolf Erman

Georg Adolf Erman (12 May 1806 – 12 July 1877) was a German physicist.
Erman was born in Berlin as the son of Paul Erman. He studied natural science at the universities of Berlin and Königsberg, spent from 1828 to 1830 in a journey round the world, an account of which he published in "Reise um die Erde durch Nordasien und die beiden Ozeane" (1833-1848). The magnetic observations he made during his travels were utilized by Carl Friedrich Gauss in his theory of terrestrial magnetism. He was appointed professor of physics at Berlin in 1839, and died there in 1877. From 1841 to 1865 he edited the "Archiv für wissenschaftliche Kunde von Russland", and in 1874 he published, with H. J. R. Petersen, "Die Grundlagen der Gauss'schen Theorie und die Erscheinungen des Erdmagnetismus" im Jahre 1829.
Erman was the father of Johann Peter Adolf Erman.

</doc>
<doc id="2931349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931349" title="Gurkha Contingent Pipes and Drums Platoon">
Gurkha Contingent Pipes and Drums Platoon

The Singapore Police Force Gurkha Contingent Pipes and Drums Platoon is a 35 strong platoon currently led by Inspector Buddhi Gurung. The Honorary Band President is Superintendent Tony Bergin, who is the Deputy Commander of the Gurkha Contingent. Formed in 1955 out of the Contingent's Gurkha officers, it includes officers trained as Pipers, Drummers and Buglers.
The platoon performs regularly in partnership with the Singapore Police Force Band and the Women Police Pipes and Drums in combined performances locally as well as abroad. It has participated in the 1991 Edinburgh Military Tattoo, the 2001 Adelaide International Police Tattoo, the 2002 Malaysian combined Police and Military Tattoo in Kuala Lumpur and the 2005 Musikschau der Nationen in Bremen, Germany, in recent years either on its own or along with the other bands from the Singapore Police Force.

</doc>
<doc id="2931355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931355" title="Niedermayer">
Niedermayer

Niedermayer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2931356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931356" title="Eugene Rousseau (saxophonist)">
Eugene Rousseau (saxophonist)

Eugene Rousseau (born August 23, 1932 in Blue Island, Illinois) is an American classical saxophonist. He plays mainly the alto and soprano saxophones.
He studied at the Paris conservatory on a Fulbright grant with Marcel Mule in 1962. Following his studies at the
Paris Conservatory, he earned a doctorate degree at the University of Iowa where his principal teacher was Himie Voxman. With Paul Brodie, an other pupil of Marcel Mule, he was the co-organizer of the first World Saxophone Congress in Chicago in 1969. The first such organization for an individual instrument, considered by many to be a major turning point in establishing credibility for the saxophone as a serious medium of musical expression. During 2005 Rousseau served as President of the Organizing Committee for the World Saxophone Congress XIII, held in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The North American Saxophone Alliance honored him with its highest award – Honorary Life Membership.
He has been a consultant for saxophone research to the Yamaha since 1972 and has played exclusively on Yamaha saxophones since that time.
The "Eugene Rousseau saxophone mouthpiece" has been commercially available since the late 1970s.
In 1985, he recorded a video program for Yamaha Corporation called "Steps to Excellence".
Rousseau has served as President of both the North American Saxophone Alliance (1979–1980) and the Comité International du Saxophone (1982–1985).
In 1993, Eugene Rousseau was designated an honorary faculty member of the Prague Conservatory.
In 2003, Rousseau hosted the 13th World Saxophone Congress at the University of Minnesota School of Music.
Teaching and performing career.
Rousseau is a well-known classical saxophonist and teacher. Many of his students have gone on to become well-known saxophone teachers.
He taught at Indiana University for 36 years, from 1964 to 2000. He was succeeded as professor of saxophone by Otis Murphy, himself a former student of Rousseau. He holds the title of "Distinguished Professor of Music" there.
Rousseau now teaches at the University of Minnesota. He joined the faculty of the School of Music there in fall 2000.
He has taught a master course at the prestigious Mozarteum in Salzburg annually since 1991.
Publications.
He wrote a book which was published in France under the title "Marcel Mule: sa vie et le saxophone" and also in America under the title "Marcel Mule: His Life and the Saxophone" He also published two method books: The E. Rousseau Beginning Saxophone Method (English, German, Japanese)and Saxophone High Tones (English, French, German). In addition, he has had many transcriptions published for saxophone performance.
Rousseau is currently working on publishing an etude book involving Ferling's "24 Etudes". The book will focus only on the slower, more lyrical movements and will include instructional tips and alternate fingerings from Rousseau, himself.
Discography.
he appears on many recordings, several of which are currently commercially available on CD. He has recorded with the Haydn Trio of Vienna, the Budapest Strings, and the Winds of Indiana.
Musical works written for Rousseau.
Several well-known pieces for classical saxophone were written for Rousseau, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2931366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931366" title="Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata">
Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata

Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata (R.D. Tata, 1856–1926) was a Parsi businessman who played a pivotal role in the growth of the Tata Group in India. He was the first cousin of Jamsetji Tata, a pioneering industrialist of India and the Founder of Tata Sons. He was one of the partners in Tata Sons founded by Jamshedji Tata. Ratanji is the father of JRD Tata.
Personal life.
Ratanji was born in Navsari in Gujarat in 1856. He studied at the Elphinstone College in Bombay. After graduating, he took up a course in agriculture in Madras. He then joined his family trade in the Far East.
Ratanji was married at an early age to a Parsee girl from the Banaji family. However, she died childless not too long after the marriage and was left hopeless. Ratanji was in his forties when he remarried a French woman, Suzanne Brière, in 1902. This was considered revolutionary in his times and was not welcomed by everyone in the Parsi community. They had five children Rodabeh, Jehangir/JRD Tata, Jimmy, Sylla and Dorab.
Opium trade.
Under the name Tata & Co, Ratanji ran an opium importing business in China, which was legal at the time. In 1887, he and other merchants such as David Sassoon presented a petition on behalf of the opium traders to complain about a Hong Kong Legislative Council bill that threatened to affect their trade.
Director of Tata Steel.
Tata Steel was conceived and commissioned by Jamshedji Tata. However, Jamshedji died before the completion of the project. Ratanji played an important role in the completion of the Tata Steel Project along with Jameshdji's son Dorab and thus Tata Steel was established in Jamshedpur.
The Tatas supplied steel to the British during the First World War. However, after the war Tata Steel went through a difficult period in the 1920s as steel was dumped into India from Britain and Belgium. Ratanji, along with other directors successfully sought protection for the Indian steel industry from the colonial government of the day and steadied the operations of Tata Steel.
Death.
Ratanji died in 1926 at the age of 70. JRD Tata succeeded him as one of the permanent directors of Tata Sons. On his death Jamnalal Bajaj wrote: ""If all businessmen in India would acquire half his love for things Indian, there is no reason why all our enterprises should not flourish.""

</doc>
<doc id="2931368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931368" title="Dielectric mirror">
Dielectric mirror

A dielectric mirror, also known as a Bragg mirror, is a type of a mirror composed of multiple thin layers of dielectric material, typically deposited on a substrate of glass or some other optical material. By careful choice of the type and thickness of the dielectric layers, one can design an optical coating with specified reflectivity at different wavelengths of light. Dielectric mirrors are also used to produce ultra-high reflectivity mirrors: values of 99.999% or better over a narrow range of wavelengths can be produced using special techniques. Alternatively, they can be made to reflect a broad spectrum of light, such as the entire visible range or the spectrum of the Ti-sapphire laser. Mirrors of this type are very common in optics experiments, due to improved techniques that allow inexpensive manufacture of high-quality mirrors. Examples of their applications include laser cavity end mirrors, hot and cold mirrors, thin-film beamsplitters, and the coatings on modern mirrorshades.
Mechanism.
Dielectric mirrors function based on the interference of light reflected from the different layers of dielectric stack. This is the same principle used in multi-layer anti-reflection coatings, which are dielectric stacks which have been designed to minimize rather than maximize reflectivity. Simple dielectric mirrors function like one-dimensional photonic crystals, consisting of a stack of layers with a high refractive index interleaved with layers of a low refractive index (see diagram). The thicknesses of the layers are chosen such that the path-length differences for reflections from different high-index layers are integer multiples of the wavelength for which the mirror is designed. The reflections from the low-index layers have exactly half a wavelength in path length difference, but there is a 180-degree difference in phase shift at a low-to-high index boundary, compared to a high-to-low index boundary, which means that these reflections are also in phase. In the case of a mirror at normal incidence, the layers have a thickness of a quarter wavelength.
Other designs have a more complicated structure generally produced by numerical optimization. In the latter case, the phase dispersion of the reflected light can also be controlled (see Chirped mirror). In the design of dielectric mirrors, an optical transfer-matrix method can be used. 
Dielectric mirrors exhibit retardance as a function of angle of incidence and mirror design.
Manufacturing.
The manufacturing techniques for dielectric mirrors are based on thin-film deposition methods. Common techniques are physical vapor deposition (which includes evaporative deposition and ion beam assisted deposition), chemical vapor deposition, ion beam deposition, molecular beam epitaxy, and sputter deposition. Common materials are magnesium fluoride, silicon dioxide, tantalum pentoxide, zinc sulfide ("n"=2.32), and titanium dioxide ("n"=2.4).

</doc>
<doc id="2931382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931382" title="Resource consent">
Resource consent

A resource consent is the authorisation given to certain activities or uses of natural and physical resources required under the New Zealand Resource Management Act (the "RMA"). Some activities may either be specifically authorised by the RMA or be permitted activities authorised by rules in plans. Any activities that are not permitted by the RMA, or by a rule in a plan, require a resource consent before they are carried out.
Definition and nature.
The term "resource consent" is defined as; 
A resource consent, once granted to an applicant, is neither real nor personal property. Therefore resource consents cannot be 'owned'; they are 'held' by 'consent holders'.
Types.
A resource consent means any of the following:
Plan classifications.
Regional and district plans may give an activity that requires a resource consent one of six possible classifications.
The above table is of a very summary nature, and exceptions apply in some circumstances.
There are two further classifications, restricted coastal activity and recognised customary activity, which are subject to particular conditions.
Application process.
Applications for resource consents are usually granted by the regional councils and territorial authorities acting as consent authorities. Any person may apply for a resource consent. Applications must be in the prescribed form and include an assessment of environmental effects. The resource consent process is designed to enable environmental managers to consider environmental issues associated with particular proposals for resource use.
While this principle is commendable, there is a complexity of issues that surround assessing the effects on the environment of a consent application and the consideration of applications (e.g. social, cultural, and ecological considerations, significance of effects, the place of community values, the sufficiency of evidence and the onus of proof). 
A resource consent may be granted with a set of conditions that need to be complied with in order to ensure minimal environmental effect.
Appeals.
Decisions on resource consent applications may be appealed to the Environment Court (formerly the Planning Tribunal until 1993). Appeals are considered on a 'de novo' basis, where the Environment Court hears any evidence it requires and makes its own decision which replaces that of the local authority. Decisions of the Environment Court may only be appealed to the High Court of New Zealand on a point of law.
Statistics.
Of New Zealand's regional councils and unitary authorities, Canterbury Regional Council receives and processes the most applications for resource consents. In the year ended 30 June 2006, Canterbury Regional Council processed 3,381 applications, more than double the number processed by any other consent authority. Environment Waikato had the next highest number; 1,384 applications in 2006).
Criticism.
One of the major complaints (mainly raised by corporations) regarding the resource consent process has been that submissions made in opposition against a project can be made by any entity, even if it is not affected. This has, in the opinion of the critics, caused the resource consent process to be used as an anti-competitive and anti-investment tool by which both individuals and other corporations can stop projects while appearing to act in the common interest. The true motivation of such submissions and associated appeals, it is alleged, is trade competition, a factor which is expressly not to be considered when testing the merits of a resource consent application.
Other criticisms include:
Some commentators consider that the requirement for resource consents is slowing or preventing the construction of large infrastructure projects, such as highways, roads, wind farms and other power generation plants, which are important to New Zealand's economic wellbeing, as well as adding to the cost of such projects.
Proposed 2009 reforms.
In February 2009 the National-led government announced the Resource Management (Simplify & Streamline) Amendment Bill which seeks to improve the resource consent process.

</doc>
<doc id="2931386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931386" title="Temple of Peace">
Temple of Peace

Temple of Peace may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931388" title="2002–03 in Argentine football">
2002–03 in Argentine football

Torneo Clausura (""Closing"" Tournament).
Relegation.
"Promoción" Playoff.
Talleres de Córdoba wins 2-0 and stays in Argentine First Division.
San Martín de Mendoza remains in Argentine Nacional B.
<br>
Nueva Chicago wins 3-0 and stays in Argentine First Division.
Argentinos Juniors remains in Argentine Nacional B.
National team.
This section covers Argentina's matches from August 1, 2002 to July 31, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2931390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931390" title="Mike Roberts">
Mike Roberts

Mike Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931400" title="The Rising">
The Rising

The Rising may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931418" title="MIMA">
MIMA

MIMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931436" title="Lapstone, New South Wales">
Lapstone, New South Wales

Lapstone is a small village on the eastern escarpment of the Blue Mountains in New South Wales, Australia. Lapstone is located 62 kilometres west of Sydney in the local government area of the City of Blue Mountains and is part of the federal electorate of Macquarie. The village consists mostly of stand-alone housing and has a few public facilities. At the 2006 census, Lapstone had a population of 854 people. Lapstone was originally bought and developed by Mr Arthur J Hand, an Alderman of the Blue Mountains City Council.
History.
The Lapstone Zig Zag line (or "little" zig zag) opened near Glenbrook in 1867. The ascent of Lapstone Hill on a gradient of 1 in 30-33, was built up the side of the range with comparatively light earthwork, includes the substantial seven-span sandstone Knapsack Viaduct. The viaduct was later widened to carry the old Great Western Highway, when the deviation around the Lapstone Zig Zag was built. The zig zag is now part of a walking trail on the old railway/highway alignment, including a memorial to John Whitton, the engineer in charge of the construction of the Blue Mountains line and many other early railways. One feature of this line was the Lucasville platform, which is now abandoned. Remains of it can still be seen.
A new route was created in 1892 to avoid the Zig Zag. After crossing the viaduct, the new line curved around to the west and went through a new tunnel that emerged further west near the Great Western Highway. The tunnel can still be seen from neighbouring bush tracks.
In 1913, the present route was constructed, going along the escarpment of Glenbrook Gorge and through a new tunnel at the spot known as The Bluff. One of the features of this project was the construction of a temporary railway line that crossed Darks Common south of Explorers Road. The rail line has been removed but the cutting can still be seen, as well as the remains of the winding house base near the escarpment.
It has been suggested that Lapstone was named by early explorers who found smooth stones in the area which reminded them of the lapstones used by cobblers.
Public transport.
Lapstone railway station is on the Blue Mountains Line of the NSW TrainLink intercity network. Lapstone can be accessed by road from the Great Western Highway/M4 Motorway by exiting at Governors Drive and Explorers Road from Glenbrook.
Lapstone Hotel.
The original Lapstone Hotel was designed and constructed in early 1930s by Herwald Gordon Kirkpatrick. Mr Kirkpatrick was a notable Sydney Architect who worked with his father, John Kirkpatrick, who in the late 1800s until his death in 1923, was regarded as one of Sydney's leading architects. He was responsible for the design and construction of many landmark buildings in Sydney. Following the death of Herwald in 1951, the Lapstone Hotel was taken over by the RAAF Base Glenbrook, who have continuously used the property as their Officer's Mess.
The new Lapstone Hotel was built in 1980 on the Great Western Highway, Blaxland. It was renovated in 2007 after being purchased by the Lewis Group of Hotels.
Sport and recreation.
Lapstone Oval features a Rugby union field, an artificial cricket pitch (which is taken out during the winter months), sixteen netball courts (7 are grass and 9 are asphalt) and play area for young children.

</doc>
<doc id="2931438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931438" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1546">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1546

United Nations Security Council resolution 1546, adopted unanimously on 8 June 2004, after reaffirming previous resolutions on Iraq, the Council endorsed the formation of the Iraqi Interim Government, welcomed the end of the occupation and determined the status of the multinational force and its relationship with the Iraqi government. 
The resolution was co-sponsored by the United Kingdom and United States.
Resolution.
Observations.
The Security Council welcomed the transition towards a democratically elected Iraqi government and looked forward to the end of the occupation by 30 June 2004 when authority would be held by the interim government. It reaffirmed the right of the Iraqi people to determine their own political future and control their natural resources as well as the importance of support from Iraq's neighbours. The Iraqi Governing Council was dissolved and progress towards implementing arrangements in Resolution 1511 (2003) was welcomed.
The preamble of the resolution also welcomed democratic commitments by the interim government and affirmed the importance of the rule of law, respect for human rights, national reconciliation and free and fair elections. It also stresed the need for all parties to respect Iraq's archaeological, historical, cultural, and religious heritage. There was a role for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq (UNAMI) and the international community in the country's future in accordance with resolutions 1483 (2003) and 1511 (2003). 
Furthermore, the interim government requested that the multinational force remain in Iraq and the situation continued to constitute a threat to international peace and security.
Acts.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council welcomed the assumption of responsibilities and authority by the Iraqi interim government by 30 June 2004 and the end of the occupation and Coalition Provisional Authority. It endorsed a timetable for the political transition, including the convening of a national conference, and holding of elections in early 2005 leading to the establishment of a transitional government and called for their peaceful implementation. The United Nations was asked to assist in areas relating to the drafting of a new constitution, the co-ordination of humanitarian assistance and the promotion of human rights and reforms. The Iraqi government was also working to improve the security forces.
The resolution authorised the multinational force to take all measures to maintain security and stability in Iraq, and welcomed a partnership between the Iraqi government and the force. At the same time, the mandate of the force was extended for a further period of twelve months and would be terminated if requested by Iraq. The Council noted intentions by the United States to create a separate entity in the force to protect the United Nations presence in the country, and the international community was requested to contribute assistance towards the multinational force and to the development of the Iraq.
The Security Council condemned all terrorism in Iraq and reaffirmed the obligations of all states under resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001), 1390 (2002), 1455 (2003) and 1526 (2004). The arms embargo against Iraq would not apply to the government or multinational force and the mandates for the International Atomic Energy Agency and the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission. 
Additionally, the provisions of the resolution stated that funds in the Development Fund for Iraq could be used at the discretion of the Iraqi government upon the termination of the Coalition Provisional Authority in a transparent manner. Finally, the Secretary-General Kofi Annan was requested to report within three months on UNAMI operations in Iraq and on progress made towards elections on a quarterly basis thereafter. The United States, acting on behalf of the multinational force, was also required to report on progress made in similar intervals.

</doc>
<doc id="2931441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931441" title="Bottle tree">
Bottle tree

Bottle tree or bottle-tree may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931456" title="The Tale of Despereaux">
The Tale of Despereaux

The Tale of Despereaux is a 2004 Newbery Medal winning fantasy book written by Kate DiCamillo. The main plot follows the adventures of a mouse named Despereaux Tilling, as he sets out on his quest to rescue a beautiful human princess. The novel is divided into four "books," (meaning a new point of view) chapters, and a coda. Each "book" tells the story from the perspective of a different character: Despereaux, Roscuro, Miggery Sow, and all together.
In 2008, the book was adapted into an animated film of the same name. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book as one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." It was one of the "Top 100 Chapter Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by "School Library Journal".
Plot.
The novel is divided into four books. Book I covers Despereaux's childhood; Book II focuses on Roscuro, a dungeon rat with a mysterious past. The third book is about Miggery Sow, a servant girl who is sold by her father for a red table cloth, a handful of cigarettes and a hen. The first three books are set years apart, all building up to the fourth book, which concludes the novel.
Book I: A Mouse Is Born.
Book one tells a story about a small, sickly mouse born in a castle whose name is Despereaux. He was born a runt with large ears and eyes. Despereaux, unlike other mice, spends lots of time reading. He particularly enjoys a book about how a knight saves a princess and they live happily ever after. One day while reading he hears music. He follows the sound and is led to Princess Pea and King Philip. He falls in love with the princess and speaks to her, but the king led the mouse away because mice were related to rats, which are a danger to the kingdom. Furlough, his brother, sees this and tells his father, Lester Tilling. Lester calls the mouse council; Furlough goes to collect Despereaux . The mouse council orders Despereaux to be sent to the dungeon because talking to a human is forbidden. In the dungeon he meets Gregory, the jailer, who saves him because Despereaux tells Gregory a story.
Book II: Chiaroscuro.
Many years before the birth of Despereaux, there was born, in the castle dungeons, a rat named Chiaroscuro (meaning "use of strong contrasts between light and dark"), nicknamed Roscuro. Roscuro, like Despereaux, is considered odd amongst others of his own kind, and is obsessed with the light and beauty which never penetrates as far as the dungeon. Entranced by the royal family's grandeur, he escapes from the dungeon, infiltrates the dining room, climbs a chandelier during dinner and is seen by Princess Pea. She calls out to everyone to take notice. Nobody hears but Roscuro, who is frightened sufficiently enough as to fall accidentally and land in the Queen's soup, causing the queen to die of fright, but nobody could find out afterwards why she died. Roscuro escapes back to the dungeon with the Queen's soup spoon, because he yearns for a beautiful object to keep. From then on he always wears the spoon on his head, like a crown. Heartbroken, he vows revenge on Princess Pea for causing the event to happen and forcing him back underground. Meanwhile, the grief-stricken king outlaws soup throughout the Kingdom of Dor and orders the knights to take everything related to soup, including spoons, bowls and kettles. He also orders for all rats to be hunted down and killed.
Book III:The Tale of Miggery Sow.
Many years before Despereaux and Roscuro were born, a six-year-old girl named Miggery "Mig" Sow witnesses the death of her ill mother, who tells her that there is nobody in the world who cares what she wants. Afterwards, Mig is sold to work by her father for some cigarettes, a hen, and a red tablecloth to a man Mig calls "Uncle". Uncle occasionally clouts Mig's ears, leaving her partially deaf. Mig decides, upon seeing the princess pass by on a horse, that she wants to be a princess. Mig is then sent to work in the castle by the King's soldiers, who tell "Uncle" that no human being is allowed to own another. In the castle she gains weight and becomes lazy. Mig's main job is to go down to the dungeons to deliver Gregory the jailer his meal and, while there, she meets Roscuro and confesses to him that her greatest wish is to become a princess. Roscuro convinces Mig that if she helps him kidnap Princess Pea, he'll make her a servant girl so Miggery Sow can become a princess.
Book IV: Recalled to the Light.
Despereaux escapes the dungeons on a tray of Gregory's that Mig brings back to the kitchen, where he hears her conversation with Roscuro. However, Despereaux is soon discovered by Mig and Cook. Cook, as a mouse-hating woman, orders Mig to kill Despereaux. She explains to Mig that her philosophy with mice is"kill 'em, even if they're already dead." When Despereaux is attempting to flee, Mig chops off his tail with a knife so that she can tell Cook that she missed the "meecy" and at least spare the "meecy"'s life. Despereaux spends the night in pain, sleeping on a sack of flour. He dreams of knights in shining armor, darkness, and light. However, when the knight removes the helmet, it doesn't reveal anyone. Despereaux begins to doubt "'happily ever after" and everything else that he has read and starts to weep. Meanwhile, Roscuro leads Mig to Princess Pea's room with a knife, and to kidnap the Pea and lead her to the dungeon.
The next morning, the castle is in a panic over the missing Princess. Guards are sent to search the dungeon, only to find Gregory dead from starvation, being lost in the dark because Roscuro has chewed the rope which secures him to where he started from. Despereaux is seen by the mouse council which mistakes him for a ghost because he is covered in flour from his night on the flour sack. Despereaux forgives his father upon his father asking him to, for sentencing him to the dungeon. Despereaux goes on to seek the King. Despereaux tells the King that he knows that Pea is in the dungeon, but the King refuses to believe him because Despereaux is related distantly to the rats.
Despereaux then goes to Hovis, a mouse who is, in secret, Despereaux's friend. Hovis gives him an entire spool of red thread and a sewing needle, as a sword, for his quest to the dungeons. Desperaux cuts back through the kitchen only to see Cook making soup. However, Cook is delighted to see Despereaux because he is a mouse and not a castle guard come to arrest her for making soup. She gives Despereaux some soup to eat, which he finds delicious, and he makes his way to the dungeons. While there, Despereaux meets Botticelli, an evil one-eared rat who appears earlier on in Book II. Botticelli tells him that he will lead Despereaux to Pea. However, this is only an act to make Despereaux suffer.
Miggery Sow, meanwhile, learns that Roscuro tricked her into helping him kidnap Pea, and that she will never be a princess. Roscuro plans for Pea to remain locked in the dungeons, so that he can marvel over her brightly colored dress, but Despereaux arrives to save Pea and Mig chops Roscuro's tail off with the knife when he refuses to show them the way back. However, many rats arrive on the scene because they followed the smell of Despereaux, and the soup he recently ate. Despereaux threatens to kill Roscuro with the sewing needle. Roscuro begins crying. Pea offers that if Roscuro lets her go, she will treat him with some soup. Roscuro agrees. Botticelli and the other rats are so disgusted by the happiness of all that is happening that they all return into the darkness.
Despereaux and Pea become close friends. Roscuro is allowed access into the upstairs of the castle, and reunites Mig's father, who has become a prisoner in the dungeons, with his daughter. Mig's father promises that he loves Mig and will never leave her. But before this, however, Roscuro, Mig, the King, Pea, and Despereaux all get together for soup, as Despereaux's friend Hovis, his parents, and his brother watch in amazement behind the scenes.
Characters.
Despereaux Tilling - The main character of the story, Despereaux was born as a castle-mouse and the only living mouse of his mother's last litter. Named for the despairs and sadnesses of that time, Despereaux is an oddball among the mouse community from birth, as he is born with a small body, huge ears, and his open eyes. He grows up to be very different from the other mice in this tale, choosing to read books instead of eating them, and he does not learn to scurry like any other mouse, because he becomes fascinated by a certain fairy tale about a beautiful princess and a knight in shining armor and learns from it ideas such as chivalry and courage, which his fearful elders dismiss as absurd. Through his large ears, Despereaux is able to listen to the music that the king plays for his daughter Princess Pea, and because of this, he is able to meet and fall in love with the human princess. This behavior, however, does not go undetected by the mice, and when he is sent to the dungeon as Despereaux must rely on his wits, bravery, and inner strength in order to save himself and the princess.
Princess Pea - The Princess of Dor and the only child of the king and queen, Pea is a sharp-eyed and beautiful girl whom Despereaux grows to honor and love upon their first meeting and she also comes to adore the mouse. Though kind-hearted and loved by the people of the castle, Pea is often overcome with loneliness after her mother's death. Because of her title as a princess, Pea is not used to being told what to do and sometimes takes slight offense when someone does not appreciate her for her title. However, when her past actions cause her kidnapping, Pea comes to use her forgiveness, good nature, and place as royalty for the good of the other characters.
Chiaroscuro (known as "Roscuro") "-" Chiaroscuro was born innocent among the evil rats of the castle dungeon some years before Despereaux. Because of a match-related reprimand from the jailer, Roscuro did not act like a rat, afraid of light. He comes to be fascinated by light and goodness, despite objections from fellow rats. However, his love of light is what causes him to make a grave mistake in the human world, resulting in his plot to take revenge on the humans by kidnapping the princess. In the end, it is through the actions of Despereaux and the princess, and Roscuro's own true love for light that he finds his self-redemption."
Miggery "Mig" Sow - Born in the countryside of Dor, Miggery Sow was an often a mistreated child, since nobody around her cared much for what she wanted. Her mother died when she was very young and soon after, her father sold her to a man whom she was forced to call "uncle". Miggery had to work for the man to whom she was sold for many years with little or no thanks. The man would also give her "clouts to the ear," rendering her to be almost completely deaf. Despite her harsh life, Miggery remained a well-meaning albeit simple-minded child. On her seventh birthday, an accidental meeting with the royal family causes Miggery to dream of becoming a princess. When she turns twelve, she is rescued from slavery by the soldiers of the castle, and she is given the position of serving-maid in the castle itself, befriending Princess Pea but becoming an unintentional pawn in Roscuro's plan. She is the secondary antagonist, but redeems.
Botticelli Remorso - Botticelli is a very old one-eared rat who lives in the dungeon and is suspicious of Roscuro and his ability. Botticelli believes that the meaning of life is suffering, specifically the suffering of others, and that Roscuro should take action and become a part of the rat community. He had taken a golden heart-shaped locket from a prisoner and hung it on a thin braided rope. Whenever he speaks, the locket moves. Botticelli is evil, and wishes for the princess to die. Later in the book, he leads Despereaux to the princess in order to kill him later, and intends on feeding the princess to his army of malicious rats.
Gregory the Jailer - When Despereaux tells Gregory a story he saves him from being killed by the rats. He wears a long rope that protects him from getting lost in the dungeon's darkness. Chiaroscuro chews up this rope and as a result Gregory becomes lost in the darkness and starves to death.
Furlough Tilling - One of Despereaux's many older brothers. He betrays Despereaux and sends him to the dungeon. He had previously tried to teach Despereaux to be afraid of things, and hated him for his difference from other mice. He refuses to try and help his brother when he is banished. At the end, he is shown to be disgusted by Despereaux's well-being.
Lester Tilling - Lester Tilling is Despereaux Tilling's father. He sent his own son to the punishment of being exiled to the dungeon, where the rats would no doubt eat him. Later, after Despereaux escapes the dungeon on Gregory's tray, Despereaux pays a visit to the Mouse Council, which pronounced his sentence. Lester is forgiven for the perfidy he committed against his son.
Antoinette Tilling - Despereaux's French mother who arrived in Dor in a foreign diplomat's luggage. She cares too much about her appearance and is often picky. Although, like most of Despereaux's family, Antoinette is inconsiderate of Despereaux, she is sad when he is thrown into the dungeon and defends him occasionally in the book.
Cook - The head cook of the castle who hates mice.
King Philip - The king of Dor and Princess Pea's father.
Sources.
Desperaux lives in the end

</doc>
<doc id="2931458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931458" title="Uğur Yıldırım">
Uğur Yıldırım

Uğur Yıldırım (; born 8 May 1982) is a Turkish-Dutch footballer currently plays for CSV Apeldoorn.
Club career.
A freekick specialist, Yıldırım previously played for Go Ahead Eagles, famous for its youth academy. In the 2003-04 season he scored 6 goals in the First Division match against SC Cambuur. This unique feat drew attention of bigger clubs and Yıldırım signed a contract at SC Heerenveen, with whom he had an outstanding debut season. In summer 2007 he transferred to Gaziantepspor and scored 3 goals for his team. During break-up the league, he moved on to title-challengers Sivasspor after claiming Gaziantepspor did not pay his wages for months. 
He wasn't very successful in his time with Sivasspor and therefore he left the club on a free transfer. After his unsuccessful stay in Turkey Yıldırım trained with a lot of clubs during 2008, he couldn't impress with English sides Blackburn Rovers, Plymouth Argyle and Watford. Then he went to Neftchi Baku PFC of Azerbaijan and trained with Dutch side FC Zwolle. The result of this unsuccessful training period was a contract with Kasımpaşa in January 2009 until the end of the season, where he was released in June 2009.
In August 2010 Yıldırım agreed to join Dutch Jupiler League side AGOVV Apeldoorn, signing a one-year contract for the club from his native town.
Free Kick Tournament.
In 2005, Yıldırım won a free kick tournament held in Marbella, beating out players such as Zinedine Zidane.

</doc>
<doc id="2931472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931472" title="Superboy (Kon-El)">
Superboy (Kon-El)

Superboy (real name Kon-El) is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the DC Comics universe. A modern update of the original Superboy, the character first appeared in "Adventures of Superman" #500 (June 1993), and was created by writer Karl Kesel and artist Tom Grummett.
From the character's debut in 1993 to August 2003, Superboy was depicted as a genetically engineered metahuman clone of human origin designed by Project Cadmus as a duplicate and closest genetic equivalent of Superman. The character was retconned in "Teen Titans" vol. 3, #1 (September 2003) as a Kryptonian/human hybrid of Superman and Lex Luthor. After DC's The New 52 initiative that relaunched the company's comics continuity in 2011, the character of Superboy was revamped as a clone derived from three DNA sources and designed by Project N.O.W.H.E.R.E. as a recreation of Jon Lane Kent, the biological son of Superman and Lois Lane from a potential future timeline. After the character's death in the "Superboy" series, Kon-El was replaced by Jon Lane Kent in subsequent stories.
Fictional character biography.
Origin.
After the death of Superman at the hands of Doomsday, Project Cadmus Executive Director Paul Westfield wanted to create a clone replacement of Superman that would follow the agendas of Project Cadmus as well as his own personal agenda. Failing to acquire the bodies of Superman and Doomsday by federal authority when Lex Luthor and his security force Team Luthor puts a halt to their plans, a Cadmus team secretly steals Superman's body from the tomb with Westfield overseeing the entire operation. Superman's body was sent to the Project Cadmus genetic research facility to begin the planning stages of creating the clone in secret via a DNA sample from Superman and implanted brain pattern scans taken when Superman was alive by the genetically engineered "DNAlien" Dubbilex. After the Guardian discovered what Westfield had done, Westfield was able to convince him that it was for a noble purpose. Unable to create a clone because it was impossible to obtain a direct DNA sample from Superman's indestructible body, and because the usual cloning techniques were useless on his alien physiology, Superman's body was given an electron capillary scan by the other directors of Cadmus formerly known as the Newsboy Legion. They were able to use the results of the scan along with educated guesswork to create data stored on a disc that contained a close approximation of Superman's actual genetic code data. While the scanning team wanted to test the experimental "digital DNA" and thought about a suggestion made by the Guardian to make clones of the Guardian to fill the void during the DNA testing, Westfield wanted to create the clone of Superman immediately. He sends Auron, a cybernetic super-soldier cloned from the Guardian and created by Westfield's secret genetic engineering team, to retrieve the disk by force via the code word "Sanction Blue". Before Westfield could obtain the disk, the clones of the original Newsboy Legion convinced Auron that he was just like the original Guardian based on having a link with him via his DNA. He rebels against Cadmus and departs with the digital DNA disk to protect Superman's legacy.
After the Auron situation and the retrieval of Superman's body by Lois Lane, the Matrix Supergirl, and Lex Luthor, Westfield and his secret genetic engineering team went by other means to create a Superman clone that they could immediately rush into production. Instead of a direct clone of Superman, they decided to genetically alter a human clone to look like Superman and made the clone to be the closest human equivalent to a Kryptonian as they could based on their research. Carl Packard, the project head of Auron's creation, was the project head for the clone's creation and was given full authority to explore whatever methods to create the clone while Westfield provided him with the sole DNA cellstock that he felt would make the clone easier to control. During their research when they had Superman's body, Westfield's scientists discovered a bio-electric aura surrounding Superman's body that provided some of Superman's powers such as invulnerability, flight through a form of self-telekinesis, protection from getting dirty and protection from skin-tight clothing to be damaged. The aura was translated into a telekinetic field for a human that would give the clone the ability to simulate Superman's powers such as flight, invulnerability, and strength. This was later known as "tactile telekinesis" by the scientists. After twelve failed attempts, the clone known as Experiment 13 was grown from a single cell to a teenage boy in less than a week and was a complete success. The clone was given implanted memories and underwent an artificial maturation process intended to match the age of the original Superman. This clone was released from his cloning tube too early, however, and emerged as a teenager. While at first calling himself "Superman", he would later be known as Superboy.
The Metropolis Kid.
When Superboy arrived in Metropolis, he used the name "Superman". While glibly asserting he was the original Superman, he quickly rebuked any insinuation he was the original Superman. In fact, he told anyone who'd listen that he was a clone of Superman. This revelation was first revealed to Lois Lane, but she was not interested. This prompts the Kid to turn to another reporter, Tana Moon, who breaks the story live on WGBS. Three other Supermen emerged simultaneously: "The Man of Tomorrow" (the Cyborg Superman), "The Last Son of Krypton" (the Eradicator), and "The Man of Steel" (Steel). WGBS' Vinnie Edge arranges for the Kid to go into Suicide Slum and apprehend a gangster named Steel Hand. After the encounter, the Kid is confronted by the Guardian, who tells him to be careful—and mindful that Cadmus will not simply forget about him. Superboy loved the limelight, but was not particularly cautious at first. Steel had to have some words with the Kid about not trying to be Superman just for the glory after Superboy's carelessness inadvertently led to the death of a Daily Planet chopper pilot. The Kid, angry at first that Steel would tell him off, came to see the wisdom in Steel's words and helped pull Steel from a fire later on.
Superboy is approached by Supergirl to work with her at LexCorp. While initially interested (much to the delight of Lex Luthor II), Tana and WGBS get to him first, convincing him to sign a contract to be represented by Rex Leech. He meets Rex's daughter Roxy Leech at this time. Vinnie Edge, eager to shore up ratings, hires a villain named Stinger to attack Superboy on live television. After a battle between the two, Supergirl joins the fray, but even together they are incapable of stopping Stinger from destroying the Hobsneck Bridge, one of the major bridges into Metropolis. Superboy and Supergirl work together to save lives, pulling many people from cars that fell into the river, before Supergirl is left with the unhappy job of telling Luthor that Superboy turned down his offer.
After Coast City is destroyed, Superboy is duped by the Cyborg Superman into joining him in a mock investigation (having told everyone that the "Last Son" was responsible). It is really a ruse, and the Kid is quickly defeated by the Cyborg inside Engine City. The Cyborg reveals his plans, and his servant, Mongul, to the Kid while being held prisoner. The Cyborg also uses Superboy's image via a video feed to trick the Justice League America into going off world in a wild goose chase for the alleged destroyers of Coast City. Mongul reveals the plan to destroy Metropolis next to the Kid, hoping it will prompt the Kid to escape and lead to the downfall of Mongul's hated master. Superboy escapes and flies back to Metropolis, arriving to find Steel, Luthor, Lois Lane, and Supergirl gathered near the harbor. The Kid warns everyone that it was the Cyborg and not the Eradicator who was responsible for Coast City's destruction—and that he meant to do the same to Metropolis. Just then a Kryptonian War Suit emerges from the water. The warsuit opens and the real Superman emerges, though he is underpowered and clad in a black Kryptonian recovery suit. While Superboy and Steel are skeptical about his claim, they joined him in an frontal attack on Engine City. They discover a huge missile, capable of wiping out all of Metropolis. Superboy manages to pull it off course before it can destroy Metropolis.
Despite minor injuries, the Kid rejoins the fight in Engine City, saving the life of Steel. He acknowledges after the defeat of the Cyborg that the "man in black" is indeed the one true Superman. Afterwards, he returns to Metropolis with Supergirl and Steel. Tana comes to visit him, telling him that she quit her job and is leaving Metropolis for good.
With the real Superman back in action, the Kid relinquishes the rights to the name and symbol and decides to leave Metropolis after finally accepting the name Superboy. It was then decided that he would go on a world tour in order to establish himself in his new identity. He also went back to Cadmus and was told more about his origins—he was not in fact a direct clone of Superman's, but rather a human clone genetically engineered to look like Superman and mimic his major powers by way of tactile telekinesis. Despite Director Paul Westfield's initial protests, Cadmus agreed to stop trying to bring him back to the Project—partially because of the publicity that would come with such a move—on the terms that a "chaperon" would go with him. Dubbilex is chosen for the role, in part because Westfield was trying to hide the fact he had sent Payback D.N.Aliens against the Kid earlier that day (and Westfield did not mind having a mind-reader around). The last thing he takes care of before leaving is moving out of his apartment, allowing Clark Kent to move back in.
After a few weeks of traveling, Superboy arrived in Hawaii during his world tour. With him came Rex Leech, Roxy Leech, and Dubbilex. After a running battle with Sidearm on the beach, Superboy learned that Tana Moon had moved to Hawaii. Superboy decided to stay on the islands, stylizing himself as the "Hero of Hawaii." Superboy met Knockout and the insane Scavenger early on—the former was a super strong stripper who thought of a fistfight as foreplay, the other was a crazy old man who seemed obsessed with acquiring weapons for his arsenal. Superboy's battle with the latter involved a fight over the mystical Spear of Lono. After the battle with Scavenger, Superboy fell ill. His condition worsened and he had to be flown back to Metropolis after a brief fight with Silver Sword, a new would-be hero turned thug who thought he knew what was best for the islands. Superboy collapsed at the end of the battle and the Navy took custody of Silver Sword.
Superboy was suffering from the Clone Plague that was ravaging most of the Underworlders and other Cadmus clones (including Lex Luthor II). Superboy was successfully cured, the first of the few survivors, thanks to Cadmus' efforts. Superboy had to help fight off some of Luthor's Team Luthor goons when they tried to steal the cure from the Project. He then joined Superman and Supergirl in the Fall of Metropolis, trying to minimize the damage as much as possible, and together they apprehended Lex Luthor—although most of downtown Metropolis was destroyed. Cadmus had suffered major damage (and Paul Westfield had been murdered by Dabney Donovan), but most of the staff and clones survived. Superboy stuck around in Metropolis for a while, battling the Parasite and getting caught up in the Worlds Collide storyline.
Much to his chagrin, Dubbilex was asked to take in Krypto by Bibbo. On his way back to Hawaii, Superboy is forced to make a pit stop in Smallville, where he meets the Kents. He also meets the pocket universe Superboy, who was there because of the effects of the time disruption. This is just prior to Zero Hour, and the Kid had to join the heroes in that crisis. About this time, Superboy learned that the DNA donor for him was in fact the late Cadmus director, Paul Westfield... or so he thought. This revelation also came with one from Robert Packard that Superboy had been the thirteenth attempt by Cadmus to clone Superman. The first had utilized Dr. Teng's "Bizarro" technique, resulting in a Bizarro Superboy that was still being held by the lab. The Bizarro escaped, but died shortly thereafter. When he returns to Hawaii, Tana throws him a birthday party (making Superboy officially one year old).
After getting back to Hawaii, Superboy began to have his own rogues gallery come together. This included first appearances by King Shark, B.E.M., Techno, and the Silicon Dragons. Each of these adventures typically opened with Superboy acting immature in some way and having an "adult" moment towards the end, such as when a celebrity look-a-like of him was shot and killed by the Dragons who thought the actor was the real Superboy. Superboy also clashed with Aquaman at Pearl Harbor, with the King of the Seas putting the Kid in his place with the help of a pod of blue whales.
Thanks to Dr. Emil Hamilton, Superboy also acquired a visor that simulated Superman's x-ray, heat, and infra-vision powers. He met Hamilton while the scientist was vacationing in Hawaii and inadvertently assisted Superboy in defeating Sidearm, who had reemerged at this time. Superboy also settled into a new residence called the Compound, in a secluded spot near the beach, with the Leeches and Dubbilex staying there as a well (although on their first night, he had to fight off Copperhead, who had been hired to collect a debt from Rex).
At this time, Superboy became involved with Tana Moon. A special agent named Sam Makoa decided to organize a task force to go after the Silicon Dragons. This ended up being Amanda Waller's Suicide Squad. Superboy forced himself onto the team, which consisted of Knockout, Sidearm, King Shark, Captain Boomerang, and Deadshot. Despite the death of Sidearm and the apparent deaths of Knockout and King Shark, the mission successfully destroyed the lair of the Silicon Dragons, even though their leader, Lady Dragon, escaped after a solo battle against the Kid. Superboy lost his visor in this adventure, and saw more death than he cared to think about.
Superboy was also told by the state (specifically, a man named Mack Harlin) that he was required to start attending school. Superboy enrolled at a local high school where me met some new friends, including Hillary Chang, and discovered that he was reaching the end of the implanted knowledge Cadmus had given him. When he wasn't trying to impress his classmates or going out with Tana (who, again, was probably seven or eight years older than him), Superboy managed to find time for some gratuitous violence—like brawling with Loose Cannon or rounding up Loophole. When Roxy unexpectedly left for Las Vegas, Superboy followed her, sensing there was trouble. Roxy was trying to put some things in her past to rest, since she had decided to enroll as a cop in Hawaii. This meant a confrontation with an old boyfriend, a loser who called himself Neon. After a brief battle, Neon blew himself up by detonating a gas station. Superboy and Roxy then returned home.
Superboy is forced to battle against Valor, who was amnesic and fighting under the name of Champion. Knockout, alive and well, decided to join in on the fight. As Valor regained his memory, he also realized he is dying of lead poisoning. While Knockout takes care of Mr. Gamboli, who had been manipulating Valor, Superboy helped Valor escape into the Phantom Zone to save his life.
The Alpha Centurion recruits Superboy into the Superman Rescue Squad, after the Man of Steel is kidnapped by an alien Tribunal. Superboy joins the Centurion, Supergirl, the Eradicator, and Steel and leave Earth to find Superman. On the trip, Superboy admits to the others he does not trust the Centurion—in fact, he thinks he is really the Cyborg Superman in disguise. His suspicions seem to be confirmed when the Centurion seemingly abandons them in the midst of a battle—and the Cyborg Superman arrives on scene soon thereafter. The Cyborg easily defeats the entire team and turns them over to the Tribunal. While a prisoner, Superboy is put in the same cell as the Centurion, but this is not enough to convince him he is not a double agent. Only when he later escapes and sees the two actually fighting does he admit his mistake. The team frees themselves and rallies behind Superman, who confronts the Tribunal head on. The Tribunal admits an error in their reasoning, and "exonerates" Superman for his "crime." The team returns triumphantly to Earth.
Superboy meets the Legion of Super-Heroes who come to the past seek to save Valor's life. Superboy explains what happened and accompanies the Legion to the 30th Century to help Valor. Valor is freed from the Phantom Zone in his own time and takes the name M'onel and decides to fight wearing Superman's costume. The Legion rewards Superboy with making him an honorary Legionnaire, complete with flight ring, before sending him home.
Upon returning to the present after helping the Legion, Superboy finds Knockout waiting for him at The Compound. She wants to join him as a partner, loving the heat of battle more than anything. Together, they battle Killer Frost (part of the Underworld Unleashed saga), the Technician, and Silver Sword. Knockout teaches Superboy how to use his powers in new and creative ways, such as extending his TK field to cover another person just by touching them. Superboy regains his visor (which had been recovered by the Technician), but destroys it, reasoning that he would just lose it again.
Superboy and Knockout are then attacked by the Female Furies, revealing that Knockout was one of their lost "sisters". An intense battle ensues at SB's high school, with Superboy and Knockout (joined by Sam Makoa, Dan Turpin, and a contingent of police officers) severely outclassed. Thanks to Dubbilex, however, the Furies are driven off, leaving much of the high school in ruins (prompting the state to decide Superboy should be home schooled, thus ending his brief tenure in high school). During the battle, Knockout killed a police officer in the fray. Dubbilex discovered what had happened and the police—in the process of forming their own Special Crimes Unit—attempt to arrest Knockout. Superboy refuses to believe the evidence, however, and after a confrontation with Snare and the SCU at the Compound, the two briefly go on the run from the law (prompting Superboy to break up with Tana Moon). This led to a battle on the beach between Supergirl and Knockout. After Sparx helps separate the two women, Supergirl rips the S-shield off Superboy's costume because of his lawlessness. Still, Superboy persisted that he was in the right and everyone just did not understand Knockout. Knockout's true colors are revealed, however, during a meeting with Victor Volcaneum, who had risen an island for himself near Hawaii. Knockout first tried to get Superboy to kill him and then finished him off herself. In this act, Superboy realized then that she did not love him the way he thought he loved her, but that she merely was using him as her lapdog. Superboy apprehended Knockout, in part due to the training she had given him on how to use his powers, bringing her in as the island sunk back beneath the waves. Roxy, having recovered his S-shield, put it back on his costume.
Superboy became one of the leading stars in a concurrent series, "Superboy and the Ravers", which involved a bunch of young heroes involved in a few intergalactic adventures. The series ran 19 issues and was also mostly written by Karl Kesel. Superboy is brought by Sparx to the Event Horizon, an intergalactic rave party open to metas only. It was hosted by a being called Kindred Marx. His first night there, Superboy met Hero and got into a fight with Kaliber, which prompted the two of them to be teleported to a distant asteroid—where a police force known as I.N.T.E.R.C.E.P.T. attempted to place the two of them under arrest for being part of Event Horizon. The group also got involved with the Darkstars. Superboy and Kaliber were transported back to the event before they could be arrested, and another brawl broke out between some Khunds (and their gang, Red Shift) and Aura, which spilled out onto Earth proper (the rave itself could shift between worlds).
Superboy resumed his relationship with Tana, just before Roxy revealed to him during the Final Night that she had always loved him. Despite this confession, Superboy did not reciprocate, still loving Tana. Roxy nevertheless could not dismiss her feelings for SB so easily. While helping Dubbilex recover from an injury, an organization called the Agenda sent Amanda Spence to kidnap Superboy. Spence is successful, kidnapping Superboy after defeating him at the Compound.
The Agenda uses Superboy to create a clone called Match, who had even greater power than Superboy. The Agenda plans on making an entire army of Match clones. The Kid manages to defeat Match, however, and destroy the Agenda's lair. Match is thought to be killed, but Spence and the Directors are all taken into custody.
Unknown to the Kid, the Agenda infected Superboy with a virus that began to break down his DNA. It did not manifest itself at first, but lay dormant for weeks, until a rematch with Copperhead made it all too clear that he was sick. When S.T.A.R. Labs cannot correct his condition, Superboy is rushed back to Project Cadmus. Cadmus is able to slow the condition, but not halt it. Superman, Supergirl, and Steel came to his aid, each tracking down leads that might help. The Directors do not talk, however, and though Superman is able to locate Match (who might serve as a donor to Superboy), the clone is not interested in helping and flees. Amanda Spence, however, offers a solution, by explaining that he needs a DNA donor to "re-zip" the breakdown of his own DNA. Roxy Leech offers to be part of the procedure to help restructure the Kid's DNA and cure him of the virus. The plan succeeded, although a side effect was that Superboy was locked at the age of sixteen. Superboy is crushed at the news, having always dreamed of one day assuming the role of Superman. A heart-to-heart with Superman (who was in his Energy-phase at the time) helped make the Kid feel better, though not exactly thrilled.
Despite what Superman had to say, Superboy is still troubled by thoughts of never growing up. Nightmares plague him, even as he hast to deal with Mo-o, and a married couple who pursue thrills by trying to get their picture taken with superheroes. He finds a magic atoll where there are some "lost boys" who seemingly never grow up, and despite the temptation to stay, he leaves it.
Things began to break down upon returning to Hawaii. The Legion of Super-Heroes turns up, angry that Superboy had given away his Legion Flight Ring to Roxy. Superboy manages to work things out with them as they fight Silver Sword. However, his constant flirting and "devil-may-care" attitude have been wearing on Tana (who was also uncomfortable with the thought that Superboy would stay a teenager forever). Despite trying to prove how responsible he is by having another fight with Silver Sword (and recovering the Spear of Lono, which SS had stolen), Tana breaks up with the Kid.
Superboy decides to travel a bit to clear his head. He stops by Jersey City and asks Natasha Irons, Steel's niece, out on a date. Nat has fun, but tells him she's not interested in a relationship because she can tell he's still very much in love with Tana.
Silver Sword is finally brought down with the help of Green Lantern. He had been serving a being known as Pele, whom he believed was a native Hawaiian goddess, but during Pele's battle with SB and GL (when she threatened innocent Hawaiian bystanders), Silver Sword realized she was no benevolent goddess. He turned on her, leading to his death. Pele is defeated, but Superboy is feeling anything but heroic. More than ever, he feels isolated.
Superboy, after a failed publicity stunt (i.e. "Superboy: The Event") and wavering public opinion in Hawaii and abroad, disappears without a trace while flying back to Hawaii and getting caught in a storm. Superboy's cast largely left at this point: Rex was on the run from his past, Roxy goes to find him, Tana left the islands tracking down information on the Agenda, and Dubbilex is recalled to Cadmus. Krypto is left with Hillary Chang.
Superboy awakens amnesic in the Wild Lands, an island of anthropomorphic animal-men, a homage to Jack Kirby's Kamandi, The Last Boy on Earth. Superboy quickly regains his memory, and briefly fears he is somehow in the distant future. After passing a test and other challenges, Superboy and some other humans stranded on the island manage to leave the Wild Lands. Superboy befriends the Wild Men, who decide to explore the world at large and leave with Superboy. They quickly discover they are not in the distant future, but really only a few months have passed since Superboy's disappearance. The islands had been created by a precursor to Project Cadmus (part of an experiment in the 1940s known as the "Moreua Project"). Superboy did have to contend with the fallout of a coup de tat that spilled out into the world at large, but managed to work it out. Back in Hawaii, Superboy learned that most of his friends were gone and decided there was nothing really left for him.
He rejoined Cadmus and began working as a field agent with Dubbilex and Guardian, after leaving Krypto with his friend, Hillary Chang (perhaps for the last time). In their first assignment, they traveled to Paris and battled the Agenda once again, specifically Director Alpha. They also encounter Grokk the Living Gargoyle and a supermodel named "Hex," who claims to be Jonah Hex. They take Grokk back to Project Cadmus, where Superboy meets the new Director (Mickey "the Mechanic" Cannon), new military liaison, Col. Adam Winterbourne (one of the men SB rescued from the Wild Lands), and one of the new ace scientists, Serling Roquette. Superboy is at first happy to be back at the Project, but is distraught when Mickey fires the head scientists (the original Newsboy Legion) and orders them to take their clones (the current Newsboys) with them as they leave.
Superboy was a founding member of the team Young Justice, along with Robin (Tim Drake) and Impulse. The team formed after the three boys decided to have a "camp out" in the old JLA Justice Cave, where they encountered Red Tornado (who agreed to keep an eye on them). See the Young Justice entry for more details on his adventures with the team.
Superboy is interested in Serling (as she's one of the few females at the Project and the only one close to his own age), but she is oblivious at first, harboring a crush on Guardian. Superboy has to respond when someone steals the Whiz Wagon and enters the Demolition Run, a lethal cross country race involving all manner of high-tech vehicles. The thief turns out to be Roxy, who is desperate for money to help her father. Even with Superboy and Mickey Cannon helping her, the Whiz Wagon is totaled and Fastbak wins the race. Superboy realizes the man who set up the race, Mr. Big, set it up, knowing Fastbak would win and forfeit any prize. Rather than let Mr. Big walk away with millions, he convinces Fastbak to ask for all profits Big might have made off the deal. Big honors the deal, but promises Superboy he won't forget.
A defining moment in Superboy's life would come at the onset of the "Superman: King of the World" storyline. Superman drops by Cadmus and asks Superboy to come with him to the Fortress of Solitude. While there, Superboy visits Krypton via virtual reality. After explaining how he considers Superboy part of his family, Superman offers him the Kryptonian name Kon-El. Superboy tearfully accepts, overjoyed with the simple joy of having a real name. He would eventually accept the name "Conner."
Superboy was one of the first to explore Hypertime, after a Superboy from an alternate reality arrived at the Watchtower, dying shortly thereafter from injuries. Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman all explained their recent experiences with Hypertime, and ask Superboy to volunteer for part of an experiment. During this journey, he met a villainous counterpart, Black Zero, from a reality where he had not been freed from Cadmus as a teenager, nor had Superman ever returned to life. Black Zero had become a cruel tyrant in his world, and then had set out to other worlds he had found via Hypertime. He did not understand the resistance he met from the other Superboys, but one by one he captured them and brought them to his lair. Superboy (Kon-El) led these other versions in an uprising that defeated Black Zero, and then returned to his proper timeline/reality. During the trip, however, he had learned that Superman was also Clark Kent. Superboy did not reveal this at first, harboring a little shock and resentment that his closest "relative" had never told him about this.
Superboy is ordered to revisit the Wild Lands, taking a number of personnel from Cadmus (including Col. Winterbourne) with him via the Whiz Wagon. They land in Roam and are greeted warmly by King Tuftan (and coldly by his new bride, Nosferata). Winterbourne requests to be taken to the area where he was captured, and Tuftan leads the way to the Glowing Swamp. They find Ratsputin there—and also King Shark. Tuftan and Winterbourne are almost killed by King Shark in a tough battle. Winterbourne discovers what he had come there to find—an experimental Blackbird fighter jet that he had crashed—and uses it to impale King Shark, shortly before it detonates. Tuftan returns to Roam and Superboy and the others are recalled to Cadmus.
They arrive just as the Day of Judgment event has begun. Cadmus workers had unearthed an ancient glove, Hyssa's Fist, that Guardian put on. The power of the evil glove had impaired his perceptions and he had run off into the caverns beneath the Project after attacking some guards. The Demon Etrigan emerges, explaining he is there to help them. Etrigan and Superboy manage to defeat the possessed Guardian, but SB is not wild about the idea of handing the artifact over to the Demon, who attacks him for his obstinacy. Superboy puts on the glove and easily defeats Etrigan, but Dabney Donovan (whom Guardian had freed from Cadmus' holding cells) steps out and compliments the Kid on his new look. The glove had changed SB's costume to resemble Black Zero's. Horrified, Superboy destroys the glove, causing a huge cave-in. Etrigan saves Donovan before leaving. Superboy decides he wants to return to Hawaii to tie up some loose ends.
About this time, Superboy decides to visit Smallville, specifically to drop by the Kents. Clark Kent arrives there, too, and Superboy hints around that he knows Clark's secret, but does not come out and say it. Clark is reluctant to come out with it too, not because he doesn't trust the Kid, but because he is afraid that eventually Superman and Clark Kent may no longer be distinguishable. Still, he does hint back to SB that he knows the Kid knows about him (while teaching Kon-El how to milk a cow).
Superboy (accompanied by Serling) take the Whiz Wagon to Hawaii. Superboy discovers that he is no longer well thought of among the locals there, and that a new hero, Kana is the local favorite. Kana, however, sites Superboy as being his inspiration for being a hero. Superboy catches up with Sam Makoa and Hillary Chang, and even visits Knockout in prison (who tries unsuccessfully to manipulate the Kid into letting her go). After one last visit to The Compound, Superboy realizes nothing will ever be like it once was. He decides to take Krypto back with him to Cadmus.
Still frustrated that he has not been able to come out and acknowledge to Superman he knows the truth of his dual identity, Superboy heads to Metropolis. He meets up with Lois Lane and takes her to Locomotive Park, where the Man of Steel is battling a four-armed monster (but unfortunately, suffers some allergic reaction to its skin). The two put the creature down. Afterwards, Superboy is still unable to come out with what he knows, but he is comforted when Superman tells him that of all the people who wear the S-shield, Kon-El is the one he feels closest too. After he leaves, Superboy hints to Lois that he knows, but Lois merely replies that everyone—even Superman—needs a little privacy in life.
Upon arriving back at Cadmus, Superboy is quickly knocked out. The Agenda, using Simyan and Mokkari to create an army of clones, have seized control of the Project (during "The Evil Factory" story arc). Dubbilex, manipulated through a being known as the Gene Gnome, is helping the Agenda. Superboy and the rest of the good guys are placed in holding under the eye of Amanda Spence, now harboring a special hatred of the Kid. Superboy rallies the forces of Cadmus, along with Grokk the Living Gargoyle, Hex, and even Krypto, in a desperate struggle to win back Cadmus. All they can do, however, is temporarily retreat, as the Gene Gnome not only can read their minds, but also coordinate the clone armies. As they flee, they run into the Wild Men (Gorr, Growler, and Howler) who had escaped the Agenda's clutches in Alaska—where they had also rescued Tana Moon, whom they have with them. Realizing the Gene Gnome cannot read the minds of non-humans, they decide to launch a counterattack on the Project, leaving Serling, Tana, and Krypto behind. After they leave, Dubbilex and the Gene Gnome emerge on the three, but Dubbilex manages to break the Gnome's control and knock him out. The strike force (Superboy, Guardian, Mickey Cannon, Hex, Grokk the Living Gargoyle, Angry Charlie, and the Wild Men trio) put the Agenda's army to rout, wrestling control back from Amanda Spence. A holographic message from the Agenda's Director Beta (the Contessa Erica Alexandra del Portenza) alerts them to a contingency plan in Washington, D.C. While suspecting a trap, Superboy takes off to investigate anyway.
This leads into the Young Justice: Sins of Youth. A public outcry over Young Justice's actions at Mount Rushmore prompted a calling of the superhero community to come to D.C. The heroes are all shocked at how Superboy (standing with Young Justice) seems to be betraying his friends and comrades to the media, until they realize that this Superboy is in fact Match, who had infiltrated Young Justice after the real Superboy had been captured and locked up in Cadmus. The real Superboy arrives on scene, slugging it out with his clone. As the tension mounts, the Contessa and her partner, Klarion the Witch-Boy, enact their plan. Klarion's sorcery alters the ages of everyone present: the adults become kids (with the oldest heroes becoming the youngest) and the younger heroes all become adults—all except Superboy, who is still stuck at sixteen.
The spell that changed everyone's age is frustrated by Superboy's stunted aging process—and as a result, his body begins to tear apart at a molecular level, at "war" with itself. Wonder Girl helps Superboy back to Cadmus, arriving just after Match (again in the guise of Superboy) and he is able to hold his own against Wonder Girl and the weakened SB. Guardian and Mickey prepare to make another stand against the Agenda clones who had rallied and were coming back, but Dabney Donovan surprises everyone. Having escaped Simyan and Mokkari, Donovan unleashes a gas that contains a virus lethal only to the newly cloned Agenda soldiers. All the evil clones disintegrate, though Match escapes by activating a teleporter. Superboy is taken to the medical bay, Tana at his side, still very much in love with him. Serling is able to cure his aging condition, and by doing so, the spell ages him to a full adult. Emerging from the lab, Superboy embraces Tana. Amanda Spence, looking on, activates a device around Tana's neck that kills Tana. She gloats about how now Superboy knows the pain she knew when her father, Paul Westfield, died. Before Superboy can strike Spence down, she teleports away.
Superboy is devastated over the death of Tana. He barely has time to mourn, however, as he is called in by Superman (still a teen) to help him defeat Klarion and reverse the spell. Superman finally divulges straight up about his dual identity, asking Superboy to contact Lois to assure her everything is alright. As an adult, it appears as though Superboy may have even greater power than Superman. Klarion is eventually defeated and everyone is restored to their natural ages.
However, when he was restored to youth, Superboy lost his powers as well. Guardian encourages him to take some time to grieve and see the world as a "normal" kid. He tries to do just that, though everything keeps changing around him: Tana's death, his powers gone, and Dubbilex decides to leave the Project on sabbatical. The Wild Men depart for places unknown, Hex decides to take Grokk the Living Gargoyle and become a bounty hunter, and Heat Wave is now working for Guardian. Superboy decides he still wants to continue the good fight, so he turns to the Gadget Guru to help him be Superboy once again.
He still had his Legionnaire flight ring and had some special training with Guardian. Gadget Guru fashions a shield for him to use: the shield is nearly indestructible, but can shrink in size. He barely has begun his new training when Superboy (along with Mickey Cannon and Gadget Guru) are kidnapped and taken into orbit by Kossak the Slaver. Superboy and his friends manage to rally the slaves in a successful uprising against their hated master. After battling all over Kossak's slave ship, the rebellion is successful. Kossak flees on a shuttle heading straight for Earth. Superboy pursues him back to the Project, where he learns Kossak's true intent for coming to Earth is to retrieve an escaped slave—one that has fused with Roxy Leech! The alien has solar/heat based powers and restores Superboy to full power, allowing the Kid to take down Kossak. Superboy gives Guardian a new shield—one that can shrink the way his could.
Karl Kesel left the series as lead writer for a second and final time with issue #79.
Roxy is still bound by the alien lifeform. Using her body, it breaks free from Cadmus and arrives in the nearby town of Kurtzberg. The newly reformed Titans arrive on scene to contain the situation, but Superboy puts himself between them and Roxy. When Guardian and Heat Wave arrive, a brief battle breaks out. When the heroes all manage to cool it, the alien (identified as Pyra) breaks free of Roxy's body and flies off into space. Kon tells Roxy how he thinks of her as family, and she tells him the same. She and her dad are going off for a while to really get to know one another, but she promises to come back some day.
After the battle, Guardian realized that the man he was cloned from (Jim Harper) was related to Roy Harper, the Titan now known as Arsenal. Superboy later takes Guardian to New York City to meet with Roy and Liam Harper at Warrior's. While they have their "family" reunion, Superboy takes down a villain named Negative G.
After being teased by some teenage girls and feeling despondent, Superboy feels like he is in a rut. A talk with Superman helps him realize he just needs to shake things up a bit. He decides to adopt a new uniform, abandoning the leather jacket and streamlining the look.
Lex Luthor, recently elected President of the United States, has appointed Amanda Waller Secretary of Meta-Human Affairs and tasked her to keep an eye on the Project. After some more training with Guardian, Superboy and Serling head to Los Angeles per Waller's orders to size up a situation involving alien activity. Superboy meets up with Lobo there and deals with an alien named Scizmore that feeds off rage. Kon has to deal with some rage issues himself—when a gang war refuses to die down in front of him, he releases his powers in an incredible burst that destroys nearly every gun in L.A.
Exhausted from a recent adventure with Batman and Batgirl, Superboy asks Guardian to go to Detroit to fight Shrapnel in his place. Superboy heads to a Florida bayou where he encounters Gorgeous Gilly (and is nearly forced to marry her). Fleeing the scene, he returns to Cadmus and receives startling news—Guardian was killed in the battle with Shrapnel.
Superboy arranges a team to take down Shrapnel. During the battle, he is contacted by Deadman, who tells him that the soul of Guardian cannot move on. Guardian has been re-cloned to life (but is a baby) as part of a plot to create a whole army of clones based on him. The D.N.Angels are sent to recover the baby, but Superboy fights them off at a supermarket and takes the baby to a friend's house. The next day, he finds that Project Cadmus has been closed down per the President's orders. The site is empty—save for the rest of Young Justice, who insist Superboy give them some answers.
After straightening things out with his teammates, Superboy is called to Metropolis by Lois Lane to join Supergirl and Steel (really Kelex) to head to Pokolikstan, after Superman insisted on heading there alone to confront a mysterious general. The team meets up with Superman and battle Faora, Ignition, and Kancer until the general arrives and sucker punches Superman hard enough to break his jaw! The team quickly retreats from the scene. All of this is a prelude to "Our Worlds at War".
Superboy learns that President Luthor is up to something involving Strange Visitor at LexCorp Towers in the newly upgraded Metropolis. Catching up with Serling and Heat Wave (and "baby" Guardian, now a boy about the age of nine or ten), Superboy leads the team on an infiltration of LexCorp Towers. They free Strange Visitor from a machine, but she angrily chides them that she is no prisoner, but came there willingly. Talia Head, now the head of LexCorp, enters and tells them they have broken U.S. law and stolen government property (namely, Guardian). A man named General Good arrives with the D.N.Angels and places them under military arrest.
Superboy and the others are taken as prisoners to a huge spaceship in orbit. General Good explains that he plans to create an entire army of clones based on Guardian to be used as soldiers in an upcoming war—not a war between the U.S. and Pokolikstan, as many had feared was coming, but a war on a much bigger scale. Working for Good is Amanda Spence, now heavily modified into a cyborg. Superboy frees himself and battles the D.N.Angels and Spence, until the Angels decide they are on the wrong side. Spence, who boasts she no longer needs to eat or breathe, is knocked into the void by Superboy. He frees Guardian (now almost fully grown), Heat Wave, and Serling. Guardian—psychically linked to the other clones still in their pods—knows their wishes are the same as his. He did not want to be brought back, but that choice was stolen from him, but it will not be from them. The clones are then destroyed. Viewing out into space, everyone notices a vast armada of alien ships—and Apokolips itself—in orbit around Earth. General Frank Rock arrives, places Good under arrest, and tells Superboy to consider himself drafted.
He then got fully involved with the events of Our Worlds at War, first helping to aid injured heroes and then being recruited by President Luthor (with the rest of Young Justice) for a special assignment that takes the team to Apokolips. Things go badly and the team is briefly captured by Granny Goodness. Impulse is traumatized when one of his "speed scouts" is killed right in front of him. The team is eventually able to make it back to Earth, one of the last groups to be accounted for. The war deeply impacted Superboy, having witnessed much death and destruction, as well as some scarring to some of his closest friends (see the Young Justice entry for more information regarding Superboy's exploits in the war). Superboy decides to go to the Kent's to rest, but is troubled by nightmares for some time.
A new team takes over with issue #94, but this direction was short lived, however, as the series was canceled with issue #100.
With Cadmus shut down, Superboy has no job and no place to stay. After Wonder Girl insists he has to find a place of his own, Superboy relocates to Metropolis, becoming the "super" at a tenement building called Calvin Gardens. A local gang called the Run Riot Boys keeps harassing the neighborhood. He also meets a young woman named Trixie.
Superboy decides to throw a housewarming party. Wonder Girl shows up, but Superboy is enamored with Trixie, not realizing her boyfriend, Wipeout, leads the Run Riot Boys. Wipeout instructs one of the new gang members, Cooper, to kill Superboy. Cooper befriends Superboy, initially intending to betray him, but cannot go through with it when the gang attacks the building. Scavenger also resurfaces, and after a brief fight, Superboy convinces him to call a truce. Superboy agrees to meet up with him at the Ace O' Clubs, but the fight with the Run Riot Boys makes him miss the meeting and actually involved the tenement block being destroyed in a battle. A few other loose ends were tied up—Dubbilex was still on sabbatical, though Superboy managed to finally convince Scavenger that he was not working for his enemy. Superboy was taken by Superman to stay with his parents in Smallville, which he did for some time.
"Young Justice" and "Teen Titans" (1998–2005).
Superboy is a founding member of Young Justice, a group of teenage heroes who intended to one day be the next Justice League.
Superboy first encountered his future teammate Robin after the latter called Rex Leech requesting Superboy's help in defeating Metallo in Gotham City while Superboy was judging the first "Miss Kryptonite" pageant in Hawaii. While Superboy and Robin seemingly defeated Metallo, Poison Ivy takes control of Superboy. Robin follows Superboy and Poison Ivy to Kauai, where Poison Ivy released vines all over the island. Metallo shows up in Kauai as well and the team of Superboy and Robin defeated them. It was during this that Superboy discovered that he had a weakness to Kryptonite radiation that made him sick in the presence of it as guessed by Professor Hamilton. He also teamed up with future Young Justice member Captain Marvel Jr. against mental projections of Knockout, Chain Lightning, Captain Nazi, Silversword, Superman, and Captain Marvel.
Although Young Justice's first mission was technically the rescuing of the metahuman ghost-girl, Secret, the group did not officially form until an incident in which the world's adult population was kidnapped and transfers them to a copy Earth, by a pre-teen with godlike powers. Teaming up with Robin and Impulse, the three teen heroes manage to defeat Bedlam and return everything to normal. Soon after, they agreed to form an official team, dubbed "Young Justice" by the media. Soon after they are joined by Secret, Arrowette, Wonder Girl, and others. Although Superboy and Robin begin with an argumentative relationship similar to the one shared by Superman & Batman as well as leadership struggles, they became allies and friends. Superboy and Wonder Girl's relationship is developed throughout "Young Justice". At first, Wonder Girl's infatuation with Superboy is unnoticed. In the final issue of Young Justice, both Wonder Girl and Superboy reveal they have feelings for each other. After the events of "" and the apparent death of Donna Troy, Young Justice disbands with Superboy, Robin, Impulse, and Wonder Girl going their own separate ways.
Now based in Smallville with a new civilian identity as Clark Kent's cousin "Conner Kent", Superboy is asked by Superman to accept Cyborg's invitation to join a new incarnation of the Teen Titans with his former Young Justice teammates Robin, Impulse, and Wonder Girl. Also on the team are Teen Titans veterans Cyborg, Starfire, and Beast Boy. Superboy is retconned from the original premise of a human clone of Paul Westfield with restructured DNA (based on a genetic template from Roxy Leech) to a hybrid of Superman's Kryptonian DNA and Paul Westfield's human DNA. After the new team gathers at Titans Tower in San Francisco Bay, it is revealed via an email sent to Robin that Superboy's human DNA is not from Paul Westfield but from Superman's foe Lex Luthor.
During Superboy's first adventures with the Teen Titans, his Kryptonian powers start to manifest. In a battle with Jericho, Superboy's body gets possessed by him and Jericho was able to exhibit heat vision and other Superman-like powers. At first Superboy seems to have a hard time controlling his powers but he soon adjusts. Later, during Wonder Girl and Conner's first date, Superboy is forcibly sucked through a time portal to the 31st century.
When Superboy reappears, he is wearing the classic Superboy outfit (with a Legion belt buckle). This was the result of 31st century minions of Darkseid stealing Earth's mightiest heroes from the past and turning them into warriors of the future Apokolips. Because Conner is a clone of Superman, he is mistakenly taken, because they thought he was actually Kal-El. When their error is realized, Conner is left drifting in 31st century space. Conner is found by Phantom Girl's mother and the United Planets and is soon formally inducted into the Legion of Super-Heroes. When Conner is seen by the people of the 31st century, he is revered as a great legend of the Superman mythos. He then helps the Legion defeat Darkseid and his corrupted heroes, which consist of Superman, Green Lantern, Orion, Wonder Woman, Lobo, Big Barda, Firestorm, White Martian, and Hawkwoman, who were abducted and manipulated into his service. After Darkseid and his minions are defeated, the Legion returns the past heroes to their proper places in time (as seen in the "Foundations" storyline in "The Legion" #25-30). Conner suffers from short term memory loss after his time jump and cannot remember exactly when he vanished from the past. Because of this, Brainiac 5 refuses to send him back until they discover his point of departure. After months of probing Conner's mind, Saturn Girl finally discovers the point at which he left the past. With this newfound information, Superboy is sent back to the 21st century a second or two after he left. It appears to Cassie as though he was only away for a couple seconds, but Superboy has spent five months in the 31st century with the Legion of Super-Heroes fighting the Fatal Five-Hundred. He returns to enlist the help of the Titans, bringing them to the future where they help the Legion to victory.
On the return trip home, they accidentally arrive ten years in the future instead of the present. The Teen Titans meet adult versions of themselves. Superboy finds that he is now Superman, Tim is Batman, Cassie is Wonder Woman, and Bart is the Flash. In this alternate future, Conner has greater control of his powers, Cassie chooses him over Captain Marvel Jr., Lex Luthor is his mentor/father figure, and the Titans are "freakin' bad guys". They discuss the possibility of breaking up the team when they get back to the present, but Cyborg 2.0 tells them that the future developed the way it did because the team was not together during the "Crisis".
Brainiac and Luthor lead an attack against the young heroes of the Teen Titans and the Outsiders using a brainwashed Superboy and Indigo. Luthor reveals that the reason he had donated his DNA to help create Superboy was to create a sleeper agent that he could use to destroy Superman. He revealed that he was involved with "Project: Superman" (a.k.a. "Project: Lionel"), and he had implanted verbal commands into Superboy under Cadmus director Paul Westfield's nose. This eventually led to near disaster, as Luthor was able to "unlock" the potential of Kon-El. Under Luthor's influence, Superboy's power magnitude was at a level he rarely displayed on his own. Conner defeats his team, including tearing Cyborg apart at his mechanical pieces, breaking Robin's arm, and savagely beating his own girlfriend. He then shakes off the brainwashing. Afterwards, Conner takes a leave of absence from the Titans and secludes himself in the Kents' home. He is unsure as to whether or not, being a clone, he even has a soul. There, Raven shows him that he had a young soul that was stronger than his inner demons and steadily growing.
"Infinite Crisis", death and return (2005–2011).
In the DC Comics' limited series "Infinite Crisis", the other-dimensional Superboy-Prime watches Conner during his seclusion in Smallville. "Infinite Crisis" was a sequel to DC's 1985 limited series "Crisis on Infinite Earths", which did away with DC's "Multiverse" storytelling device in favour of a streamlined single continuity. For "Infinite Crisis", DC editorial chose to portray Superboy-Prime—a survivor of the previous Crisis—as an unhappy fanboy, as a metafictional commentary on DC properties during that time; he is an avid consumer of the adventures of various superheroes, but has come to loathe the direction their lives have taken in the time since the previous crisis. Along with Alexander Luthor, Jr., another survivor of the previous Crisis, they wish to undo a lot of the plot developments which have occurred since 1985 and reconstruct the DC Universe in their image. Resentful of Conner, who he claims has lower standards than his own despite a seemingly perfect life, Superboy-Prime attacks him, telling him that he should be his replacement as Superboy.
Possessing an apparent strength advantage, Superboy-Prime pulverizes Conner, badly injuring him, until the Teen Titans, Doom Patrol, and Justice Society of America join the fray, leading to a climactic battle where various Flashes pull Superboy-Prime into the Speed Force. The battle against Superboy-Prime overtaxes Conner's body. His body begins to fall apart to the point that even JSA physician Doctor Mid-Nite cannot aid him. Knowing that Lex Luthor wants to keep Superboy alive as much as the Titans do, Robin leads Speedy, Wonder Girl and Beast Boy to find a cure while Raven keeps watch over him. The Titans succeed, and they immediately administer the cure to Conner, who makes a complete recovery; however, Luthor informs Robin it will only work that one time. In the "Teen Titans Annual", which is part of the "Infinite Crisis" crossover, Wonder Girl volunteers to look after Conner as he recovers while the other Titans are called away to organize the relief effort in a decimated Blüdhaven, since her powers are slowly vanishing due to events in "Wonder Woman" and "Infinite Crisis". Conner awakens, and he and Wonder Girl spend time alone, reminiscing and longing for "simpler times". Thinking this may be their last night together, the two consummate their relationship in the Kent barn. The two of them are later discovered by Jonathan and Martha Kent.
Luthor later grants Conner the means to find Alexander Luthor, a sliver of the crystalline construct that Alexander is using to monitor reality. Superboy leaves a powerless Cassie in the care of the Kents in order to respond to a distress call from Titan's Tower in San Francisco. There he meets up with Nightwing, who sent the call. Being the only two heroes available to deal with the situation, Conner and Nightwing bond as they make their way north to Alexander's fortress. Conner and Nightwing are later rejoined by a now repowered Wonder Girl and together they infiltrate Alexander Luthor's base and foil his plans. They free Martian Manhunter, Power Girl, Black Adam, Lady Quark, Nightshade, Breach, and The Ray, but the tide of the battle turns with the return of Superboy-Prime. Superboy-Prime makes short work of many of the heroes and then turns his sights on Nightwing. Before Prime can touch Nightwing, an enraged Conner attacks him. Conner and Superboy-Prime battle intensely, until Prime catches one of his punches, crushing Conner's right hand in the process. Despite being vastly overpowered, Conner fights bravely and defiantly manages to hold his own for a time. In a last-ditch effort Conner rushes into Superboy-Prime, sending both of them headlong into Alexander Luthor's multiverse tower; Luthor had managed to recreate the previous Multiverse, but this causes the worlds to merge again anew, into a refreshed singular continuity and apparently foiling Alexander Luthor's plans for good. Conner, fatally injured from the explosion, lies dying in the arms of Wonder Girl. When Cassie tells him that he had saved the Earth, Conner replies, "I know, Cass. Isn't it cool?" Moments later, he dies. Batman, Wonder Woman, Kal-El, Nightwing, and Kal-L arrive, too late to save Conner's life. Later, Superman mourns Conner's death while cradling his body. Conner is buried under his civilian name in Metropolis, alongside the bodies of Kal-L (the Earth-Two Superman) and his wife Lois Lane Kent, for over a year.
In year-long weekly series "52", which directly follows on from "Infinite Crisis", although Conner is dead, he is not forgotten. Wonder Girl leads a memorial broadcast over the Internet, and she and hundreds of others pay their final respects to Conner in a traditional Kryptonian way. It is revealed that the mourners are part of a resurrection cult supposedly based on Kryptonian theology, which Wonder Girl and Ralph Dibny refer to as the "Cult of Conner". Dibny hypothesizes that the cult and Wonder Girl are responsible for defacing the tombstone of his wife Sue Dibny with an inverted Superman insignia (the insignia is the Kryptonian symbol for hope; when inverted, it is the symbol for resurrection). Wonder Girl later encounters the strange, enigmatic hero called Supernova. Cassie introduces herself but is confused that he does not recognize her. When Supernova flies away, she calls him "Kon-El." Three weeks later, surveillance footage is shown to Lex Luthor by an enthusiastic scientist who assumes that Kon-El is still alive. Luthor dismisses this belief, convinced that Supernova is not Kon-El but Superman. In week 37, it is revealed that Supernova is not Conner but in fact Booster Gold.
In Week 51, Batman and Robin return from their journey across the globe. When the heroes appear at Superboy's memorial on the first anniversary of his death, Robin is wearing a new costume using colors of black and red from Superboy's last uniform. Wonder Girl also changes her costume to honor Superboy as well, wearing a Golden Age Wonder Woman-themed T-shirt and denim jeans. These become the character's standard costumes thereafter. Superboy memorial statues are erected in Metropolis next to Superman's statue and in San Francisco outside of Titans Tower. One year later, Lex Luthor still mourns Conner's death as he considers him his own son. Meanwhile, unknown to his teammates or even Superman, Robin is attempting secretly to recreate Superboy using DNA from Superman and Luthor. Robin has a glass case memorial to Conner, which contains Conner's last costume, the jeans and S-shield T-shirt, similar to the memorial Batman keeps for the second Robin, Jason Todd. Supergirl took another one of his other T-shirts from the Kent farm and gave it to Wonder Girl. Robin immediately wonders if Raven may be able to resurrect Superboy, as she has done recently for Jericho. However, Raven explains that she cannot since Superboy's soul has transcended into another plane of existence.
The character is later revived in the pages of ' (2008–9). Having been placed in a Kyrptonian healing chrysalis 1000 years ago by Starman (Thom Kallor) of the Legion of Super-Heroes, Kon-El awakens in the 31st century to once again battle Superboy-Prime. After Superboy-Prime is defeated by three incarnations of the Legion, Superboy and Kid Flash (Bart Allen), who has also been resurrected, Bart and Kon are returned to the 21st century to resume their lives. Kon-El returned to regular publication at a time when the ' limited series was being published, during which time the Superman comic books "Action Comics" and "Superman" did not focus on Superman. Superman writer James Robinson stated in an interview that Superboy was originally going to star in "Action Comics", following the departure of Superman to the planet New Krypton. Superboy featured instead as the main character in a revival of "Adventure Comics", one of DC's oldest Superman books.
Conner featured as a supporting character in the "Superman" story arc "Man of Valor" starring Mon-El, who has been filling in for Superman as the Man of Steel is on New Krypton. Conner subsequently features in the ' and ' follow-up stories to "World of New Krypton", where he and various other Kryptonians and "Superman" supporting characters take part in a war against General Zod. He also rejoins the Teen Titans in "Teen Titans" #81-2, after the teenage superhero Static is kidnapped while visiting his hometown of Dakota, and faces off against the supervillain Holocaust. Both Static and Holocaust had recently been integrated into the DC Universe, having previously belonged to the Milestone Media comics line-up. Following the conclusion of "War of the Supermen", writer Jeff Lemire and Italian artist Pier Gallo launched a new Superboy series. The series begins with Conner resettling his life in Smallville, directly continuing the arc in "Adventure Comics". Both series featured Superboy as the lead character right up until September 2011, when DC's announced "The New 52", a relaunch of its entire series took place. "Superboy" ended with issue 11.
The New 52: reboot and death (2011–present).
After DC's relaunch and a reboot of its continuity, Superboy is introduced anew with a fresh origin story. He first appears in "Teen Titans" #1, where he is the half-human half-Kyrptonian clone creation of the mysterious organization N.O.W.H.E.R.E., which seeks to control the new generation of metahumans. His main power is telekinesis, which he uses to simulate full Kryptonian abilities, and he is sent out on missions by the organization. He comes to the attention of the newly formed Teen Titans, and battles with them, during which he realizes he is merely the "living weapon" of N.O.W.H.E.R.E., and spends time by himself. During this time, he encounters Supergirl, who explains to him his Kryptonian heritage. Sharing her people's prejudice and hatred of clones, Supergirl names Superboy "Kon-El," a Kryptonian word that (in the New 52 continuity) means "abomination" (although "El" is established to mean "star" in New 52 issues of "Action Comics" that were published earlier). He also learns he is N.O.W.H.E.R.E.'s second Superman clone, but cannot extract more information about this from N.O.W.H.E.R.E. mercenary Rose Wilson, who defeats him in combat. The Teen Titans later stage several rescue attempts on Superboy, and eventually recruit him to the team.
In the "Superman"/"Supergirl"/"Superboy" crossover storyline "H'El on Earth", he is attacked by a time traveling Kryptonian named H'El for being a clone, after which H'El delivers his body to Supergirl and Superman for execution. As clones were generally hated by Kryptonians, H'El believes this act will prove his loyalty to Krypton, but it instead triggers conflict between him and Superman, who doesn't wish to kill Kon-El. During the fight against H'El, Superboy and Superman come to know each other better and develop a feeling of friendship and understanding. Kon-El is surprised by Superman's heroism and is touched by it.
In 2013 comics, following the "Forever Evil" "Justice League" storyline, the evil speedster Johnny Quick throws the Teen Titans forward in time. After he is separated from the Titans, Kon-El encounters Jon Lane Kent, the villainous future son of Superman and Lois Lane. Kon-El is actually a clone of Jon Lane Kent, created by Harvest (founder of N.O.W.H.E.R.E.) so that a cure could be found for Jon's illness. During their battle, Jon Lane Kent is seriously injured but then Kon-El falls through a portal and is transported to Krypton's Argo City in the past, days prior to planet's destruction. This leads to the 2013 "Return to Krypton" storyline. During the story, Kon-El uses the last of his powers to lift Argo City off of the dying Krypton, saving it so that a young Supergirl can arrive on Earth just as history records. He then dies with the planet, accepting himself as more than a "living weapon," in "Superman" #25.
Meanwhile in "Teen Titans", the unconscious and injured Jon Lane Kent is recovered by the Beast Boy and Rose Wilson of that future time period. They know that this Superboy is actually Jon Lane Kent but, for their own purposes, hide this fact and dress him in Kon-El's costume. The Teen Titans then arrive and assume that this is the Superboy they know (they were unaware of Jon Lane Kent's existence or that Kon-El encountered a villain with identical appearance and powers). The Teen Titans then take Jon Lane Kent back to the modern day era and he pretends to be their version of Superboy. Although Superman and Supergirl know that Kon-El is dead, they have not told the Titans. No one on the team is aware yet that Kon-El is dead and that they have an impostor in their midst who intends to kill all of Earth's meta-humans.
Powers, abilities, and equipment.
Tactile telekinesis.
Originally, Superboy's only superpower is a telekinetic force field that surrounds his body and granted him abilities that approximated some of Superman's powers such as super strength, flight and invulnerability. The field allowed Superboy to lift heavy objects by extending the field around him and deflect any solid object that came into contact with him. The field also allowed Superboy the ability to manipulate objects that he came into tactile contact with, bend them into any shape that he could visualize mentally, and disassemble things such as machines and other complex constructions by touch. Under Knockout's training, Superboy learned new ways to use his tactile telekinesis such as projecting telekinetic force waves to blast pieces of ground and extending his field to another person. Superboy can also manipulate solid masses such as volumes of sand or dust causing the individual particles to fly apart in an explosive manner to create particle clouds or a forceful attack. He can also perform the same with solid masses that are splintered, such as a cracked slab of concrete or fractured pane of glass. The telekinetic field also lets Superboy break free of an opponent's grip by pushing the field outward to force the opponent away and he is also able to create an air pocket around himself enabling him to breathe in outer space. In addition, he demonstrated the ability to extend his telekinetic field around other people that he touches to make them invulnerable. He also learned a trick from his older and more experienced alternate self, Black Zero, that allowed him to freeze people where they stood if he was touching the same surface that they were standing on.
The main disadvantage of Superboy's tactile telekinetic ability is that while his field could withstand physical force, the field is less effective in blocking radiant or conductive energy such as fire and laser fire. This left Superboy slightly more susceptible to energy-based attacks. While less effective against gaseous materials, he could manipulate water with a degree of difficulty and project his tactile telekinesis to create a current he could fire while underwater. He can also use his telekinetic field to deflect lava and prevent himself from being burned. Although Superboy was vulnerable to Kryptonite and magic, he was immune to the effects of a creature called "The Four-Armed Terror" which Superman was highly allergic to. Another advantage of Superboy's telekinesis is that it does not use up his solar energy like Superman's powers. In "The Final Night", the Earth's sun was being eaten by a Sun-Eater which severely weakened Superman but Superboy's power level remained the same and he was able to use his tactile telekinesis at his normal power levels.
The process that made Superboy's human physiology genetically similar to that of a Kryptonian was done in such detail that he was a living solar battery like Superman, had a weakness to Kryptonite radiation that made him physically ill, and it was theorized that there was a possibility for him to gain superpowers that did not derive from tactile telekinesis when he matured like Superman or if Superboy was aged to full adulthood as planned by Project Cadmus. As explained by his alternate timeline counterpart Black Zero and shown when Superboy himself was aged to an adult by Klarion, Superboy gained new powers such as heat vision and super hearing when he matured to full age as well as gained a higher form of increased telekinesis, strength and greater invulnerability.
In the New 52, it seems that Superboy has not yet obtained all of his Kryptonian powers and his only abilities is his tactile telekinesis and a degree of superhuman strength ( a weight machine shows he is able to lift in excess of three tons with no strain at all in issue 5) as well as a superhuman healing factor (something Harvest pointed out after Superboy's fight with Grunge). In this version, it seems that his tactile telekinesis is far more powerful than in previous incarnations. It now operates like regular telekinesis letting him levitate objects at a distance and also providing greater awareness of his environment akin to a type of sonar. Superboy's telekinetic abilities also enable him to hyper accelerate himself at amazing speeds. It has become so powerful that when he escaped his test tube, he managed to destroy the entire laboratory and killed everyone inside save for Dr. Caitlin Fairchild. Later he has shown that his power is so immense that he managed to destroy an entire prison complex while he was unconscious, which leads to believe that he doesn't have complete control over the power.
It has been revealed that Kon-El is a clone of Jon Lane Kent, Lois and Clark's son from an alternate timeline future. Jon's hybrid nature led to genetic instability. To solve this problem, Harvest created the clone Superboy as a test and added two extra DNA strands with the human strand from Lois Lane and the Kryptonian strand from Superman. Harvest hoped that Lois and Clark's DNA could counteract the genetic disorder found in Jon's trans-alien DNA. Superboy's creation and stability proved a success. Superboy's telekinetic power stems from Jon Kent's DNA who also possesses this power due to being a Human/Kryptonian hybrid born under a yellow sun. Kon's power was temporarily shown to dwarf Jon's which may be the result of the addition of Lois and Clark's DNA.
When the villainous Kryptonian H'El manages to disrupt his DNA, Superman uses his Kryptonian armor to stabilize Superboy's condition. His tactile telekinesis is condensed enhancing his physical abilities, but also cutting into his sensory abilities and limiting the range of his power to the point that he has to be in direct contact with an object in order to mentally affect it. He has since seemingly recovered with his power returned to normal.
Kryptonian powers.
During "Teen Titans", Superboy developed Kryptonian powers including heat vision, x-ray vision, and super-hearing. He also developed Kryptonian invulnerability. He also has developed Kryptonian level super strength, as shown when he battled the hugely powerful Superboy-Prime and even managed to damage him with some of his blows, when some characters such as Black Adam could not. When the Titans encountered their future selves, he found his future self had greater telekinetic abilities (no longer limited to tactile telekinesis), was stronger, more durable, and faster. Superboy later states that he has developed telescopic vision and eventually figures out how to use his freeze breath. It has also been shown in Teen Titans that he is much faster, traveling from San Francisco to the Arctic in less than an hour whilst carrying Nightwing. Superboy, like Superman, derives his Kryptonian powers from the absorption of solar energy from the Earth's yellow sun, and he is as vulnerable to Kryptonite and magic as is the Man of Steel.
In the "Titans Tomorrow" storyarc, the Kon-El Superman exhibits full Kryptonian abilities and full telekinesis with greater control of his telekinetic fields. In a fight with the future Captain Marvel, he shields himself from a magic attack, an advantage the modern Superman has never had.
A recent issue of "Adventure Comics" explained that since his return to life he had been trained in the use of heightened mental blocks to defend against mind control and influences, such as the brainwashing Luthor used on him. It was with this training that he was able to briefly pierce the control of the Black Lantern ring, using his heat vision to give Wonder Girl the clue needed to free him from it.
Because both Superboy and Superman as a boy absorbed less solar energy than Superman as an adult, Superboy is also less able to process the appropriate amount of solar energy as fast as Superman could: as a result, overtaxing his powers to the point of physical depletion would spell his death, as his body would literally begin to feed on itself, unable to absorb solar energy fast enough to restore itself.
Identities.
Initially, Superboy is known as "Experiment 13". When he escaped from Cadmus, he used the name "Superman". Those who would not accept him as Superman would refer to him as "The Kid", "Superkid", and "Superboy", a name he hated. After Superman's return, Superman let him use the name "Superboy" and continue to wear the S-shield. During the time, he had no other identity, with Tana Moon calling him "Kid" and Roxy Leech calling him "S.B.". Later, Superman gives him his first real name "Kon-El" (after a descendant of the second House of El and Superman's cousin in spirit). While undercover at Montridge High, Superboy's first attempt at a human alias name is Carl Krummet, a play on the names of Kon-El's creators. The character retains this name after Superboy relocated to Smallville. At the beginning of Teen Titans, he was given another civilian identity by Superman: Conner Kent, cousin to Clark.
Legal dispute.
A March 23, 2006 court decision returned rights to the Superboy character to Jerry Siegel's heirs. The decision, issued six days before Superboy's death in "Infinite Crisis" #6 hit the shelves, states that the Siegels have owned 'Superboy' since November 17, 2004.
Even though DC Comics does not own the rights to the "Superboy" name, Geoff Johns and Dan DiDio have stated that the decision to kill off the character had nothing to do with the court case, and that they could have just renamed the character. Following the conclusion of "Infinite Crisis", Didio compared Superboy's death to Spock's death in "" (who was subsequently resurrected), and also stated that he was "as dead as Blue Beetle".
In the "Teen Titans"' Secret Origins, a back-up story in the weekly "52" series, an illustration of Superboy had to be changed to one of Wonder Girl because of the legal dispute.
On the cover of "Teen Titans" #46, Match's insignia (a reverse version of Conner's) is obscured, and in "Supergirl" #18 (2007), Conner's "S" on his statue is covered. Almost all references to the character refer to him as "Conner".
Recently, it has appeared the legal status has been near dropped, as the Superboy name has been used as normal in several books such as "Teen Titans" since his return in "Final Crisis: Legion of 3 Worlds", with his 'S' shield no longer obscured.
Other versions.
In "Smallville: Titans", a spin-off of the "Smallville" television series, Conner is a member of the team with Speedy, Blue Beetle, Miss Martian, Zan and Jayna at Jay Garrick's school for the "gifted."
Reception.
This version of Superboy has been ranked as the 196th greatest comic book character of all time by Wizard Magazine. IGN also ranked Superboy as the 83rd greatest comic book hero of all time stating the genetic clone of Superman and Lex Luthor often bears the weight of the world on his burly shoulders. But over the years he's managed to carve his own legacy and win a large legion of fans.

</doc>
<doc id="2931475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931475" title="Barry Scheck">
Barry Scheck

Barry C. Scheck (born September 19, 1949) is an American lawyer. He received national media attention while serving on O.J. Simpson's defense team, helping to win an acquittal in the highly publicized murder case. Scheck is the director of the Innocence Project and a professor at Yeshiva University's Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York City.
Early life.
Scheck was born in Queens, New York. He graduated from the Horace Mann School in Riverdale, New York in 1967. He went on to receive a B.S. from Yale University in 1971 and a J.D. and Master of City Planning (MCP) from UC Berkeley's School of Law in 1974.
Cases he defended.
Before becoming nationally-known, Scheck became the personal lawyer for the Hedda Nussbaum case, in 1987. He both defended her and assisted in getting the charges against her dropped, while also assisting in ensuring Joel Steinberg's arrest and suing him in the civil case, "Nussbaum vs. Steinberg". Scheck was part of the team that defended O. J. Simpson in his 1995 trial. He was associated with clearing in 1999 of Dennis Fritz and Ron Williamson who had spent 11 years in prison of wrongful murder convictions. He was also the lead lawyer who defended British au pair Louise Woodward in her 1997 murder trial. More recently, he served as attorney of the wrongly accused Duke University lacrosse player Reade Seligmann to represent him in a civil lawsuit filed on October 5, 2007 against the city of Durham, North Carolina, and its former district attorney, Mike Nifong. He also was responsible for clearing John Restivo, Dennis Halstead, and John Kogut after 18 years in prison for the 1985 Lynbrook rape and murder of Theresa Fusco, when DNA evidence proved them innocent and implicated others.
Innocence Project.
Scheck co-founded the Innocence Project in 1992 with Peter Neufeld, also his co-counsel on the O.J. Simpson defense team. The Project is dedicated to the utilization of DNA evidence as a means to exculpate individuals of crimes for which they were wrongfully convicted. As of May 28, 2008, 217 wrongful convictions have been overturned by DNA testing thanks to the Project and other legal organizations. The Innocence Project does not use legal technicalities to challenge convictions; the Project accepts only cases in which newly discovered scientific evidence can potentially prove that a convicted person is factually innocent.
Scheck is a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, where he established the first Innocence Project. He is Director of Clinical Education for the Trial Advocacy Program and the Center for the Study of Law and Ethics, and a former staff attorney at the Legal Aid Society of New York. From 2004–2005 he served as president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. In 1996 he received the Robert C. Heeney Award, the "NACDL's most prestigious award... given annually to the one criminal defense attorney who best exemplifies the goals and values of the Association, and the legal profession"

</doc>
<doc id="2931477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931477" title="Inhuman Rampage">
Inhuman Rampage

Inhuman Rampage is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce, released on 9 January 2006 and 20 June 2006 in North America. In America, the album reached number 1 in the Billboards Heatseekers chart; it also reached No. 103 on the Billboard 200 chart; and its first single "Through the Fire and Flames" has received rock radio and Fuse TV airplay, as well as a place as playable track on the video game "". The album has gone Silver in the UK, has sold over 350,000 units in the US and more than half a million worldwide. This is one of two DragonForce albums to feature harsh vocals, the other being "The Power Within". On this album the vocals were originally performed by Lindsay Dawson of Demoniac and are performed live by Frédéric Leclercq. Leclercq performs the vocals alongside Sam Totman on "The Power Within".
Production.
The recording for the album took place at Thin Ice Studios in Surrey and LamerLuser Studios in London between March and September 2005 and during the recording of "Through the Fire and Flames" guitarist Herman Li snapped one of his guitar strings. Despite this, the band decided to keep this recording and left it on the final album version. It was then mixed at Thin Ice Studios by Karl Groom, Sam Totman, Herman Li and Vadim Pruzhanov and engineered by Karl Groom and Herman Li. The mastering was performed by Eberhard Köhler at Powerplay Mastering in Berlin, Germany. A music transcription book was released for the album on 15 September 2008 by Hal Leonard Publishing Corporation (ISBN 9781423433484).

</doc>
<doc id="2931488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931488" title="Corey Ivy">
Corey Ivy

Corey Terrell Ivy (born March 21, 1977) is a former American football cornerback. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 1999. He played college football at Oklahoma.
Ivy has also been a member of the Frankfurt Galaxy, Chicago Enforcers, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, St. Louis Rams, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Omaha Nighthawks. He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Buccaneers in Super Bowl XXXVII.
Early years.
He attended Moore High School in Moore, Oklahoma.
College career.
Ivy played college football at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College and the University of Oklahoma. He finished his career with 69 tackles and four interceptions. He majored in Sociology.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
Ivy was originally selected by the New England Patriots as an undrafted rookie free agent on May 11, 1999. He spent most of his time on the practice squad but never saw any active playing time. In 2000 he played for the Frankfurt Galaxy.
First stint with Browns.
On July 12, 2000, he was signed by the Cleveland Browns and was part of their training camp before being waived on August 27.
Chicago Enforcers.
Playing for the Chicago Enforcers in 2001, Ivy lead the XFL in interceptions in the league's lone year of existence.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Ivy was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on June 4, 2001. He made his NFL debut at the Detroit Lions on November 11 and recorded six tackles. In 2002 he played in all 16 regular season games and three postseason games and was a member of the victorious Super Bowl XXXVII team. The following season he again played in all 16 contests and finished the season with 17 tackles. In 2004 he played in all 16 games for the third season running posting 17 special teams tackles.
St. Louis Rams.
Corey Ivy signed for the St.Louis Rams on May 2, 2005. In his only season with the team he played in all 16 games and recorded a career-high 57 tackles and two sacks.
First stint with Baltimore Ravens.
On March 23, 2006, Corey Ivy signed a three-year deal with the Baltimore Ravens. He had a great season playing on special teams and nickelback for the top ranked Baltimore defense. His best game was against the Steelers where he had an interception, a sack, and a forced fumble that was recovered for a touchdown by Adalius Thomas in a win. It was also his first game back from a kidney injury against the Denver Broncos which he was told would end his season but he only missed 2 games. His injury earned him the Ed Block Courage Award. The injury is well documented because on the plane ride back from Denver the Ravens had to make an emergency stop for Ivy in Pittsburgh. During an interview with BaltimoreRavens.com after receiving the award Ivy said that FS Ed Reed was the person who got the doctor while on the plane. 
Ivy followed that with a strong 2007 but in 2008, the final year of his contract, Ivy saw his role decrease. Following the season, The Ravens let several veteran corners go, including Ivy. But Ivy's first stint with the Baltimore Ravens was arguably the most successful stay of his career.
Second stint with Browns.
An unrestricted free agent in the 2009 offseason, Ivy signed with the Cleveland Browns on March 18. He was cut from the team during final cuts on September 5, 2009.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ivy was signed by the Pittsburgh Steelers on November 24, 2009 after cornerback Keiwan Ratliff was waived. On December 2, the Steelers released Ivy. He did not record a statistic.
Second stint with Ravens.
Corey Ivy was re-signed by the Baltimore Ravens on December 22, 2009 after cornerback Ladarius Webb was placed on injured reserve and just before a game against the rival Steelers. “I’m familiar with the coaches and the players here,” said Ivy. “I’ll need to get up to speed with the ins and outs of the defense. I’m thinking that not much has really changed. The defense is still playing at a high level, and I want to contribute to that.” He recorded one tackle in two regular season games but an illegal contact penalty on him caused an Ed Reed interception to be negated in a playoff loss to the Indianapolis Colts. Ivy was not resigned.
Omaha Nighthawks.
Ivy was signed by the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League on September 26, 2010. He appeared in seven games, recording 17 tackles.

</doc>
<doc id="2931490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931490" title="Wattle Point Wind Farm">
Wattle Point Wind Farm

Wattle Point Wind Farm is a wind farm near Edithburgh on the coast of South Australia, which has been operating since April 2005. When it was officially opened in June of that year it was Australia's largest wind farm at 91 megawatts. The installation consists of 55 wind turbines covering and was built at a cost of 180 million Australian dollars. It is connected to ETSA Utilities electricity transmission system via a 132 kilovolt line.
The location was chosen after identification as having one of mainland Australia's highest average wind speeds. The wind farm was officially opened by South Australian Premier Mike Rann and Southern Hydro Chairman, Dr Keith Turner. The opening was opposed by some of the local Indigenous Australians, the Adjahdura (or Narungga). A descendant of the traditional landowners argued that construction desecrated an ancient burial ground, disturbing skeletons in the construction of turbine number four. Work was halted in late 2004 after the discovery of human remains, artefacts and tools. The Aboriginal Affairs Department, and the developers, separately commissioned archaeological reports resulting in the development allowed to proceed with five towers being repositioned. Both reports concluded that the bones had come from elsewhere on the peninsula, being later reburied at Wattle Point. The region's aboriginal community was divided on construction; Narungga National Aboriginal Corporation supporting development and the Narungga Heritage Committee strongly opposing.
Wattle Point Wind Farm was built and owned by Southern Hydro Pty Limited. Southern Hydro was owned by Meridian Energy of New Zealand until October 2005, when it was bought by the Australian Gas Light Company (AGL). The windfarm was acquired by Alinta in October 2006, as part of an asset merger with AGL, and subsequently by the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group's Energy Infrastructure Trust, for 225 million dollars on 23 April 2007.
An extension, Wattle Point Stage 2, was proposed, but not built because of insufficient capacity in the electrical transmission lines.

</doc>
<doc id="2931492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931492" title="Redd">
Redd

Redd is a Turkish rock band established in 1996 by tenor opera singer Doğan Duru and guitarist Berke Hatipoğlu under the name "Ten". They used to play at bars until they set up their own studio in 2004. Their first album, entitled ""50/50"", produced by Levent Büyük was published a year later by Stardium Müzik, already under the name "Redd". The first videoclip was shot for ""Mutlu Olmak İçin"" (To Be Happy). Their second studio album, ""Kirli Suyunda Parıltılar"" (Glitters on Dirty Water) came out in 2006 under Pasaj Müzik. Their song ""Falan Filan"" entered the MTV World Music Charts at the 10th position. In 2007 the band produced its third album, ""Plastik Çiçekler ve Böcek"" (Plastic Flowers and Beetle). Redd started the studio recordings of their fourth album in 2009, which was published by Sony Music. Their first original soundtrack album for director Çağan Irmak's feature film "Prensesin Uykusu" was released in 2010. Songs from the album managed to enter European music charts.

</doc>
<doc id="2931503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931503" title="WTB">
WTB

WTB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931513" title="Volcanoes of the Deep Sea">
Volcanoes of the Deep Sea

Volcanoes of the Deep Sea is a 2003 documentary film directed by Stephen Low in the IMAX format about undersea volcanoes.
Production.
Richard Lutz served as Principal Investigator and Lutz and Peter A. Rona served as Science Directors of the film, which was funded by the National Science Foundation and co-produced by Rutgers University.
Content.
The film included footage, research, and stories from the deep-sea "Alvin" expeditions of Lutz and his colleagues.
Scientists use the deep-water submersible DSV Alvin to search for an animal, the paleodictyon nodosum, that produces a honeycomb patterned fossil called a Paleodictyon, near volcanic vents that lie 3500 meters (12,000 feet) underwater in the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
Reception.
The film received the award for "best IMAX film of the Year" at the Paris Film Festival, and in 2005 Richard Lutz received the Scientific Literacy Achievement Award from the New Jersey Association for Biomedical Research for his contributions to the film.
The film was not shown in some US theatres because it was feared that the film's mention of evolution would provoke a negative reaction from creationist patrons. In particular, the film discussed the similarities in bacterial and human DNA. The film's distributor reported that the only U.S. states with theaters which chose not to show the film were Texas, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina:"We've got to pick a film that's going to sell in our area. If it's not going to sell, we're not going to take it," said the director of an IMAX theater in Charleston that is not showing the movie. "Many people here believe in creationism, not evolution."

</doc>
<doc id="2931530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931530" title="Halloweentown High">
Halloweentown High

Halloweentown High (also known as Halloweentown III) is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on Disney Channel on October 8, 2004 for the holiday of Halloween. This is the third installment in the Halloweentown series. It is also the last "Halloweentown" film to feature Kimberly J. Brown as Marnie Piper and to have Sophie (Emily Roeske) in it.
Plot.
Three years after the previous movie, Marnie Cromwell prepares to begin a new school year in her new home. She asks the Halloweentown Council to work toward openness between Halloweentown and the mortal world. She proposes to bring a group of Halloweentown students to her own high school in the mortal world. The Council is initially apprehensive about this, mostly due to the legend of the Knights of the Iron Dagger: a fanatical knighthood who wanted to destroy all things magical. The Halloweentown Witches' Council, however, agrees to accept the plan after Marnie mistakenly bets "all the Cromwell magic" that her plan will work. If she does not prove she is right by midnight on Halloween, then her entire family will lose their magical abilities.
The Halloweentown students consisting of Cassie, Ethan Dalloway, Jessica, Pete, Chester, Natalie, Nancy, Zachary, and Bobby arrive. They are magically given human appearances to disguise their true non-human natures. School begins with Marnie acting as a tour guide for the exchange group ("from Canada"), Aggie substitute teaching so she can be available in case of need, Cody, a new student, showing a romantic interest in Marnie, and a possible threat to the school from the Knights of the Iron Dagger. She encourages the kids to join sports teams and clubs.
While Aggie proves unable to teach any subject effectively (she keeps letting her magic take over: she conjures up a parrot in science class, and later we learn that a llama was produced, one kid was turned into a lamp post, and another lost one of their ears), the Halloweentown students keep to themselves, hiding in the refuge that Aggie magically creates for them in a remote student locker. Marnie gradually encourages the kids to join school activities and make new friends.
Marnie's progress is interrupted by a warning that appears to be from the Knights of the Iron Dagger, then by a magical incident at the mall that results in the Halloweentown students assuming their natural appearances, by a break-in at the secret magical locker, and finally by the disappearance of one of the students.
Meanwhile, Marnie's developing relationship with Cody parallels an unexpected romance beginning between Aggie and the school's principal, Phil Flanagan. Aggie suspects Cody of being the cause of the trouble, and tries to convince Marnie to halt their relationship, but Marnie in turn suspects Flanagan. They eventually discover that Flanagan is the Knight in question; he was told prior to the students' arrival that he was the last of the Order.
Edgar Dalloway, head of the Witches' Council and father of one of the students, is the real root of their problems. He wants to keep Halloweentown isolated from the mortal world, and used Flanagan to ensure the failure of Marnie's project. This, he hoped, would cause a negative reaction in Halloweentown and keep the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world closed.
The Halloweentown students use the school's Halloween carnival to improve mortal attitudes toward magical folk. Their haunted house depicts the ordinary lives of creatures that have typically been seen as monsters in the mortal world, including displays like the "Monster Tea Party" and ogres "picnicking in their natural setting", and winds up boring the carnival goers. Gwen, meanwhile, uses a Witch's Glass to hunt down the missing student whom Dalloway imprisons.
At the school Halloween carnival, Edgar Dalloway launches magical attacks against the mortal students by bringing the inanimate monsters in the haunted house to life. The ensuing damage and panic spiral beyond Marnie's and Aggie's ability to contain them, including a reanimated skeleton which grows 30 feet tall. Flanagan incites a mob to corner the Halloweentown students. Cody shames the crowd, the students reveal themselves, and the crowd accepts them for who they are. Flanagan also renounces being a knight and accepts Aggie.
Dalloway claims the Cromwell magic, and explained that Ethan helped with most of the things that happened, but Gwen, accepting her magic abilities, has shown the evening's events to the full Witches' Council. They return the Cromwell magic, Gwen returns with the student whom Dalloway had imprisoned, and the Council imprisons Dalloway in another Witch's Glass, considering this his resignation (at this point the series diverges from real history quite dramatically with the existence of Halloweentown and its inhabitants becoming known to the population of Earth).
The portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world opens in the middle of the haunted house, and crowds of kids from Halloweentown cross over to enjoy the carnival together with mortal world kids. Marnie flies off for a romantic broom ride with Cody. While flying over the carnival, they kiss.

</doc>
<doc id="2931532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931532" title="Fagonia">
Fagonia

Fagonia is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae. The roughly 18 species it contains are commonly known as fagonbushes. Their distribution includes parts of Africa, the Mediterranean Basin, and parts of the Americas.
"Fagonia laevis" is a perennial herb of the United States desert southwest. It has opposite leaves, trifoliate with spinescent stipules, a pink corolla and smooth fruits.
External links.
Mediterranean Species:

</doc>
<doc id="2931540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931540" title="Fargo Civic Center">
Fargo Civic Center

Fargo Civic Center is an indoor arena located in Fargo, North Dakota. It can hold approximately 3,000 people during concerts and 1,500 people during basketball games.
It also hosts trade shows, sporting events, entertainment events, meetings and community events.

</doc>
<doc id="2931543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931543" title="Victory March (fight song)">
Victory March (fight song)

"Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1905 Notre Dame graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees from Notre Dame in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; "Victory March" first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928.
The chorus of the song is one of the most recognizable collegiate fight songs in the United States, and was ranked first among fight songs by Northern Illinois University Professor William Studwell, who remarked it was "more borrowed, more famous and, frankly, you just hear it more." The eminent college football analyst and historian Beano Cook ranked the Victory March "the fourth most well-known song in the country, behind only 'The Star-Spangled Banner,' 'Happy Birthday' and 'White Christmas'."
Lyrics.
Rally sons of Notre Dame:
Sing her glory and sound her fame,
Raise her Gold and Blue
And cheer with voices true:
Rah, rah, for Notre Dame
We will fight in ev-ry game,
Strong of heart and true to her name
We will ne'er forget her
And will cheer her ever
Loyal to Notre Dame
Cheer, cheer for old Notre Dame,
Wake up the echoes cheering her name,
Send a volley cheer on high,
Shake down the thunder from the sky.
What though the odds be great or small
Old Notre Dame will win over all,
While her loyal sons are marching
Onward to victory.
The original lyrics were written when all athletes at Notre Dame were male and thus refers to the university's "sons." The university became a co-education institution in 1972 and, in recognition of that fact, the 'Victory March' is now played for athletic teams composed also of women, many modify the words accordingly. An unofficial modification replaces "While her loyal sons are marching / Onward to victory" with "While her loyal sons and daughters / March on to victory".
In media.
"Knute Rockne, All American", Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the emotional "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the Victory March. Drawing from this reference, the song has been used in mass media in situations that seemed to compel an inspirational "halftime speech". The "Win one for the Gipper" speech was parodied in the 1980 movie "Airplane!" when, with the Victory March rising to a crescendo in the background, Dr. Rumak, played by Leslie Nielsen, urged reluctant pilot Ted Striker, played by Robert Hays, to "win one for the Zipper", Striker's war buddy, George Zipp. The Victory March also plays during the film's credits. The song also was prominent in the movie "Rudy", an account of the life of Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles. The Dropkick Murphys released an instrumental version of the Victory March, called "Victory" with the single Walk Away and subsequently with their collection, Singles Collection, Volume 2. The song was used in the 20th season of "The Simpsons" in an episode called Double, Double, Boy in Trouble, as a reference to Joe Montana, an alum of Notre Dame, who made a brief cameo in that episode. On the television series "Scrubs", the character Dr. Perry Cox sarcastically sings the Victory March melody to rally Elliot and Turk to action in Season 2, Episode 11.
Usage by other sports teams.
The tune of the Victory March is also used by:

</doc>
<doc id="2931545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931545" title="Risk Management Exchange">
Risk Management Exchange

The Risk Management Exchange (RMX) was a futures exchange based in Hannover, Germany which filed for insolvency in February 2009.
It was founded as the Warenterminbörse Hannover (Commodity Exchange Hannover, WTB) in 1998 by the German Farmers' Union and a group of financiers.
It was Germany's first fully electronic commodity exchange.
In December 2005 WTB and Dekrebo Kredit Börse merged and the new group was renamed RMX.
As of January 2007, current agricultural commodities traded are
The contract on brewing barley is suspended as of 30th of April 2008. Recyclable paper contracts are currently suspended (as of 2005).
Rapeseed was traded in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="2931546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931546" title="Logoplaste">
Logoplaste

Logoplaste is a Portuguese company, producing rigid plastic containers.
Logoplaste was incorporated in 1976, pioneering in-house manufacturing in Europe, with the “Hole in the Wall” concept. ("Hole in the Wall" is industry jargon, describing the process of building the plant that manufactures a product's plastic packaging immediately next door to the plant where it is manufactured, as an addition to their building, reducing shipping costs.) Managing 63 plants today, Logoplaste is headquartered in Cascais.

</doc>
<doc id="2931591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931591" title="Printers Inc. Bookstore">
Printers Inc. Bookstore

Printers Inc. Bookstore (1978-2001) was an independent bookstore in Palo Alto, California, not far from Stanford University. It is referenced in section 8.14 of Stanford University alumus Vikram Seth's 1986 novel, "The Golden Gate."
"Printers Inc." was founded in 1978 by "alumni" of "Kepler's Books" in nearby Menlo Park. The original store was located on California Avenue in Palo Alto. A second store was located on Castro Street in Mountain View, California. "The Printers Inc. Cafe", next door to the bookstore, is under separate management.
In December 1998, "Printers Inc." announced that it would be closing. The local community protested the closing, however, and in March 1999 "Printers Inc." found new management. This management lasted until 2001 when "Printers Inc. Bookstore" closed for good. "The Printers Inc. Cafe" remained open.
The 2006 documentary "Indies Under Fire" tells the story of "Printers Inc." and other independent bookstores impacted by the new economy. Director Jacob Bricca stated that he made the documentary after "Printers Inc". closed: "I took the closing very personally [...] I grew up in Palo Alto and spent many hours reading and hanging out at "Printers Inc". I saw the strong connection the community had to the bookstore and, like others in the film, was very distressed at its closing."

</doc>
<doc id="2931606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931606" title="Birmingham Assay Office">
Birmingham Assay Office

The Birmingham Assay Office is one of the four remaining assay offices in the United Kingdom.
The development of a silver industry in 18th century Birmingham was hampered by the legal requirement that items of solid silver be assayed, and the nearest Assay Offices were in Chester and London. Matthew Boulton and Birmingham's other great industrialists joined forces with silversmiths of Sheffield to petition Parliament for the establishment of Assay Offices in their respective cities. In spite of determined opposition by London silversmiths, an Act of Parliament was passed in March 1773, just one month after the original petition was presented to Parliament, to allow Birmingham and Sheffield the right to assay silver. The Birmingham Assay Office opened on 31 August 1773 and initially operated from three rooms in the "King's Head Inn" on New Street employing only four staff and was only operating on a Tuesday. The first customer on that day was Matthew Boulton.
The hallmark of the Birmingham Assay Office is the Anchor, and that of the Sheffield Assay Office was the Crown. A story about the origins of this hallmark goes that meetings prior to the inauguration of both Birmingham and Sheffield Assay Offices in 1773 were held at a public house called the Crown and Anchor Tavern on the Strand, London. It is rumoured that the choice of symbol was made on the toss of a coin which resulted in Birmingham winning the Anchor and Sheffield with the Crown (which has now been changed to a rose).
Location.
The Birmingham Assay Office moved from the pub in 1815 to its own offices at Little Cannon Street and then moved to its current home on Newhall Street in the Jewellery Quarter in 1877, and is now the largest Assay Office in Europe, hallmarking 13 million articles in 2003. It also claims to be the largest in the world.
The Assay Office is planning to move to a new building on a site on Icknield Street in the Jewellery Quarter in 2014 ().
Services provided by the office include nickel testing, metal analysis, plating thickness determination, bullion certification, consultancy and gem certification. Platinum was brought within hallmarking regulations in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2931611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931611" title="Parvaz Mirza">
Parvaz Mirza

Parvaz Mirza (17 December 1970 - 24 September 1995) was an English cricketer: a right-arm medium-pace bowler who also batted right-handed.
Born in Birmingham, Mirza played two games for Warwickshire's second team in 1990 before appearing for Worcestershire's second team later that summer. For the next few years he made sporadic appearances at Second XI level, for Worcestershire, Warwickshire and Hampshire. He also played for Herefordshire in the 1993 MCC Trophy. In the 1994 season, by now a full-fledged Worcestershire player, Mirza broke through to make his first-class debut in the game against Oxford University and took 4-29 in the first innings. He also played in two County Championship games that season, as well as three List A matches, all in the AXA Equity and Law League.
In 1995 Mirza was a fairly regular member of Worcestershire's one-day side, playing 15 times and taking 18 wickets in that form of the game at an average of 24.33; he was selected less often for in first-class matches, but still made six appearances. In the Championship match against Derbyshire in August he took his only five-wicket innings haul, returning figures of 5-110 in the first innings; he was also instrumental in saving the game for his county when he shared in an unlikely unbroken last-wicket partnership of 30 with Paul Thomas.
Mirza played his final match against Glamorgan on 17 September, though poor weather meant that he did not bat or bowl. Exactly one week later, he died suddenly at his Birmingham home in his mother's arms. Worcestershire secretary Mike Vockins said, "We are devastated. The news has come as a complete bombshell". It was later revealed that Mirza had been suffering from a cardiac condition that had not been picked up by a check-up he had undergone shortly before his death.
Parvaz's brother, Maneer Mirza, played ten games for Worcestershire in the 1997 season. he grew up in the Small Heath area of Birmingham, where he became good friends with Wasim Khan who also went on to become a professional cricketer. In Khan's biography he tells tales of boyhood memories of Parvaz, such as crafting a cricket bat out of a piece of wooden fencing and sneaking into Edgbaston to see international cricket games.

</doc>
<doc id="2931629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931629" title="4th United States Army Field Artillery Detachment">
4th United States Army Field Artillery Detachment

The 4th United States Army Field Artillery Detachment was located in Werl, West Germany. The Belgian 14th and 20th Artillery Battalions of the Belgian I Corps were supported by the 4th U.S. Army Field Artillery Detachment. The detachment was co-located with the Belgian battalions, in quarters across the street from the Belgian Houthulst Kaserne, on Langenwiedenweg Strasse, Werl, Westfallen, Germany.
The 4th U.S. Army Field Artillery Detachment was activated in September 1962 at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. It was originally designated the 4th U.S. Army Missile Detachment and assigned to the 5th U.S. Army Artillery Group. In January 1963, the 4th Missile Detachment, along with other units of the 5th USAAG, left for Germany and arrived in Bremerhaven in February. In September 1970, the 4th Missile Detachment was redesignated the 4th U.S. Army Artillery Detachment. In October 1978, the 4th was reassigned to the 570th USAAG. The unit was inactivated in June 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2931642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931642" title="Wschowa">
Wschowa

Wschowa () is a town in the Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland with 14,607 inhabitants (2004). It is the capital of Wschowa County.
History.
Wschowa was originally a border fortress in a region disputed by the Polish dukes of Silesia and Greater Poland. After German colonists had established a settlement nearby, it received Magdeburg rights around 1250. The Old Polish name "Veschow" was first mentioned in 1248, while the Middle High German name "Frowenstat Civitas" first appeared in 1290. After the Silesian Piast dukes had gradually accepted Bohemian suzerainty, King Casimir III the Great in 1343 finally conquered it for Poland. The ziemia Wschowa then was incorporated into the Greater Polish Poznań Voivodeship of the Polish Crown.
Wschowa and its Latin school was one of the centres of the Protestant Reformation in Poland and a retreat for religious refugees in the days of the Counter-Reformation in adjacent Habsburg Silesia.
The Battle of Fraustadt occurred at Wschowa on February 3, 1706 during the Great Northern War, when Swedish forces defeated a joint army of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, Saxony and Russia. Within the Second Partition of Poland in 1793, Wschowa was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia and incorporated into the province of South Prussia, until in 1807 it was awarded to the Duchy of Warsaw according to the Treaty of Tilsit.
A part of the Grand Duchy of Posen from 1815 on, the town was again incorporated into the Prussian Province of Posen in 1848. According to the 1919 Treaty of Versailles, Fraustadt remained under German rule and formed the southernmost district of the Posen-West Prussia border province. Since 1945 the area as a result of the 1945 Potsdam Conference again belongs to Poland.
Fraustadt was one of the few areas within Germany attacked by the Polish military during the Polish Defensive War in 1939 (or Polish Campaign'1939). The other notable attack was carried on the same day by one PZL.23B of the 21st Squadron; the factory in Ohlau was the first victim of bomb attack onto the German territory.
Sport.
Wschowa hosted the 2010 edition of the Polish Sidecarcross Grand Prix.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Wschowa is twinned with:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2931649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931649" title="Conditioner">
Conditioner

A conditioner is something that improves the quality of another material.
Conditioner may more specifically refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931663" title="Tony Cozier">
Tony Cozier

Winston Anthony "Tony" Cozier (born 10 July 1940 in Bridgetown, Barbados) has been a cricket writer and commentator for West Indian cricket since 1958.
Cozier is widely renowned for his extensive knowledge of cricket facts and statistics dating back to the 1950s.
Early life.
Cozier is the son of Barbados journalist Jimmy Cozier (who was the managing editor for the "St Lucia Voice" and founder of the "Barbados Daily News") and he studied journalism at Carleton University, Ottawa.
Cozier played hockey as a goalkeeper for Barbados and cricket as a batsman and wicket-keeper for two local Barbados clubs.
Commentating career.
Cozier's first Test Match commentary on radio was on West Indies v Australia in 1965. Cozier is a member of the BBC's "Test Match Special" commentary team. He has also commentated for Channel Nine in Australia, and is a member of the Sky Sports West Indian Cricket commentary team.
Writing.
Cozier wrote the definitive "The West Indies: 50 Years of Test Cricket" (published 1978) with a foreword by Garfield Sobers. He was editor of "The West Indies Cricket Annual" for all its 22 editions.
Honours.
As a tribute to his contributions to cricket, the press box at the Kensington Oval has been named after him.
In December 2011, he was awarded honorary life membership of the MCC for his contribution to cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="2931668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931668" title="Josip Novakovich">
Josip Novakovich

Josip Novakovich (Croatian: "Novaković") is a Croatian Canadian writer.
Josip's great grandparents immigrated from the Austro-Hungarian Empire to Cleveland, Ohio at a time when the smog was so thick one couldn't see the sun at high noon. His family was poor; old-timers from their Slavic neighborhood in Cleveland can remember seeing Mary, his great grandmother, carrying her babies in the streets, her feet bare in midwinter. At the end of the First World War, his grandfather, having met and married a wife of Slovenian descent, immigrated back to the old country, to a new Slavic nation formed in the aftermath of the war, Yugoslavia. Unfortunately, during the hardships of the Second World War, his grandparents split, one becoming an atheist, preaching against all wars, and the other, his grandmother, becoming a communist nurse. At war's end, she returned to Cleveland alone. Josip's mother, Ruth, who was born in Cleveland, was married at the time and remained in Yugoslavia. Josip Novakovich was born in Yugoslavia (in 1956) and grew up in the central Croatian town of Daruvar near the Hungarian border under the authoritarian rule of Tito. (In 1991, this territory became a part of the independent Croatian Republic.) Novakovich studied medicine at the University of Novi Sad in Serbia. In spite of or to spite his good results at the university, at the age of 20 Josip moved to the USA, continuing his education at Vassar College (B.A.), Yale University (M.Div.), and the University of Texas, Austin (M.A.).
He has published a novel ("April Fool's Day"), three short story collections ("Yolk", "Salvation and Other Disasters", "Infidelities: Stories of War and Lust"), four collections of narrative essays ("Apricots from Chernobyl", "Plum Brandy: Croatian Journey", "Three Deaths", and "Shopping for a New Country"); and two textbooks ("Writing Fiction Step by Step", "Fiction Writer's Workshop") and hundreds of short stories and essays.
Novakovich is the recipient of the Whiting Writer's Award, a Guggenheim fellowship, two fellowships from the National Endowment of the Arts, panelist of National Endowment of the Arts, an award from the Ingram Merrill Foundation, and an American Book Award from the Before Columbus Foundation. Novakovich was a finalist for the The Man Booker International Prize in 2013. He was anthologized in "Best American Poetry, Pushcart Prize (three times)," and "O.Henry Prize Stories." Kirkus Reviews called Novakovich "the best American short stories writer of the decade".
His works are published in the top literary magazines in the USA (Ploughshares, The New York Times Magazine, Double Take, The Threepenny Review etc.)
Novakovich has taught at Nebraska Indian Community College, Bard College, Moorhead State University, Antioch University Los Angeles, creative writing at the University of Cincinnati, and Pennsylvania State University. He is currently in Montreal, Quebec teaching at Concordia University, where his son Joseph studies cello performance and abstract mathematics at McGill University and his daughter Eva studies at the arts high school FACE.

</doc>
<doc id="2931675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931675" title="François Châtelet">
François Châtelet

François Châtelet (April 27, 1925 – December 26, 1985) was a historian of philosophy, political philosophy and professor in the socratic tradition. He was the husband of philosopher Noëlle Châtelet, the sister of Lionel Jospin.
Châtelet was born and died in Paris. Along with Michel Foucault and Gilles Deleuze, he is at the origin of the department of philosophy at the University of Vincennes, and co-founded the Collège international de philosophie (International College of Philosophy). In 1971 he was professor at the University of São Paulo. This was an act of protest that he made with Jean-Pierre Vernant against the Brazilian military government (dictatorship). Châtelet has always been concerned with linking thought and action, engaging in a restless combat with his contemporaries. 
His conception of philosophy makes him more of a historian of philosophy than a philosopher. In his work "une histoire de la raison" (A History of Reason), he shows the role of philosophy in the constitution of modern Western rationality. His work "Platon" (Plato) is a formidable invitation-initiation to the thought of the ancient Greek philosopher.

</doc>
<doc id="2931687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931687" title="Logarithm of a matrix">
Logarithm of a matrix

In mathematics, a logarithm of a matrix is another matrix such that the matrix exponential of the latter matrix equals the original matrix. It is thus a generalization of the scalar logarithm and in some sense an inverse function of the matrix exponential. Not all matrices have a logarithm and those matrices that do have a logarithm may have more than one logarithm. The study of logarithms of matrices leads to Lie theory since when a matrix has a logarithm then it is in a Lie group and the logarithm is the corresponding element of the Lie algebra.
Definition.
A matrix "B" is a logarithm of a given matrix "A" if the matrix exponential of "B" is "A":
Example: Logarithm of rotations in the plane.
The rotations in the plane give a simple example. A rotation of angle α around the origin is represented by the 2×2-matrix
For any integer "n", the matrix
is a logarithm of "A". Thus, the matrix "A" has infinitely many logarithms. This corresponds to the fact that the rotation angle is only determined up to multiples of 2π.
In the language of Lie theory, the rotation matrices "A" are elements of the Lie group SO(2). The corresponding logarithms "B" are elements of the Lie algebra so(2), which consists of all skew-symmetric matrices. The matrix
is a generator of the Lie algebra so(2).
Existence.
The question of whether a matrix has a logarithm has the easiest answer when considered in the complex setting. A matrix has a logarithm if and only if it is invertible. The logarithm is not unique, but if a matrix has no negative real eigenvalues, then it has a unique logarithm whose eigenvalues lie all in the strip {"z" ∈ C | −π < Im "z" < π}. This logarithm is known as the "principal logarithm".
The answer is more involved in the real setting. A real matrix has a real logarithm if and only if it is invertible and each Jordan block belonging to a negative eigenvalue occurs an even number of times. If an invertible real matrix does not satisfy the condition with the Jordan blocks, then it has only non-real logarithms. This can already be seen in the scalar case: the logarithm of −1 is a non-real complex number. The existence of real matrix logarithms of real 2 x 2 matrices is considered in a later section.
Properties.
If "A" and "B" are both positive-definite matrices and "A" and "B" commute, i.e., "AB" = "BA", then
For any invertible matrix,
Further example: Logarithm of rotations in 3D space.
A rotation formula_7 in formula_8 is given by a 3x3 orthogonal matrix
The logarithm of the rotation matrix R can be computed with Rodrigues' rotation formula (see also Axis angle), except when R has eigenvalues equal to −1 where the log is not unique.
Note that, given rotation matrices A and B:
is the geodesic distance on the 3D manifold of rotation matrices.
Calculating the logarithm of a diagonalizable matrix.
A method for finding ln "A" for a diagonalizable matrix "A" is the following:
That the logarithm of "A" might be a complex matrix even if "A" is real then follows from the fact that a matrix with real and positive entries might nevertheless have negative or even complex eigenvalues (this is true for example for rotation matrices). The non-uniqueness of the logarithm of a matrix follows from the non-uniqueness of the logarithm of a complex number.
The logarithm of a non-diagonalizable matrix.
The algorithm illustrated above does not work for non-diagonalizable matrices, such as
For such matrices one needs to find its Jordan decomposition and, rather than computing the logarithm of diagonal entries as above, one would calculate the logarithm of the Jordan blocks.
The latter is accomplished by noticing that one can write a Jordan block as
where "K" is a matrix with zeros on and under the main diagonal. (The number λ is nonzero by the assumption that the matrix whose logarithm one attempts to take is invertible.)
Then, by the Mercator series
one gets
This series in general does not converge for every matrix "K", as it would not for any real number with absolute value greater than unity, however, this particular "K" is a nilpotent matrix, so the series actually has a finite number of terms ("K""m" is zero if "m" is the dimension of "K").
Using this approach one finds
A functional analysis perspective.
A square matrix represents a linear operator on the Euclidean space R"n" where "n" is the dimension of the matrix. Since such a space is finite-dimensional, this operator is actually bounded.
Using the tools of holomorphic functional calculus, given a holomorphic function "f"("z") defined on an open set in the complex plane and a bounded linear operator "T", one can calculate "f"("T") as long as "f"("z") is defined on the spectrum of "T".
The function "f"("z")=ln "z" can be defined on any simply connected open set in the complex plane not containing the origin, and it is holomorphic on such a domain. This implies that one can define ln "T" as long as the spectrum of "T" does not contain the origin and there is a path going from the origin to infinity not crossing the spectrum of "T" (as such, if the spectrum of "T" is a circle with the origin inside of it, it is impossible to define ln "T").
Back to the particular case of a Euclidean space, the spectrum of a linear operator on this space is the set of eigenvalues of its matrix, and so is a finite set. As long as the origin is not in the spectrum (the matrix is invertible), one obviously satisfies the path condition from the previous paragraph, and as such, the theory implies that ln "T" is well-defined. The non-uniqueness of the matrix logarithm then follows from the fact that one can choose more than one branch of the logarithm which is defined on the set of eigenvalues of a matrix.
A Lie group theory perspective.
In the theory of Lie groups, there is an exponential map from a Lie algebra "g" to the corresponding Lie group "G"
For matrix Lie groups, the elements of "g" and "G" are square matrices and the exponential map is given by the matrix exponential. The inverse map formula_19 is multivalued and coincides with the matrix logarithm discussed here. The logarithm maps from the Lie group "G" into the Lie algebra "g". 
Note that the exponential map is a local diffeomorphism between a neighborhood "U" of the zero matrix formula_20 and a neighborhood "V" of the identity matrix formula_21.
Thus the (matrix) logarithm is well-defined as a map, 
An important corollary of Jacobi's formula then is 
Constraints in the 2 × 2 case.
If a 2 x 2 real matrix has a negative determinant, it has no real logarithm. Note first that any 2 × 2 real matrix can be considered one of the three types of the complex number "z" = "x" + "y" ε, where ε² ∈ { −1, 0, +1 }. This "z" is a point on a complex subplane of the ring of matrices.
The case where the determinant is negative only arises in a plane with ε² =+1, that is a split-complex number plane. Only one quarter of this plane is the image of the exponential map, so the logarithm is only defined on that quarter (quadrant). The other three quadrants are images of this one under the Klein four-group generated by ε and −1.
For example, let "a" = ln 2 ; then cosh "a" = 5/4 and sinh "a" = 3/4.
For matrices, this means that
So this last matrix has logarithm
These matrices, however, do not have a logarithm:
They represent the three other conjugates by the four-group of the matrix above that does have a logarithm.
A non-singular 2 x 2 matrix does not necessarily have a logarithm, but it is conjugate by the four-group to a matrix that does have a logarithm.
It also follows, that, e.g., a square root of this matrix "A" is obtainable directly from exponentiating (ln"A")/2,
For a richer example, start with a pythagorean triple ("p,q,r")
and let . Then
Now 
Thus
has the logarithm matrix
where .

</doc>
<doc id="2931691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931691" title="Geomechanics">
Geomechanics

Geomechanics (from the Greek prefix "geo-" meaning "earth"; and "mechanics") involves the geologic study of the behavior of soil and rock. The two main disciplines of geomechanics are soil mechanics and rock mechanics. The former deals with the behaviour of soil from a small scale to a landslide scale. The latter deals with issues in geosciences related to rock mass characterization and rock mass mechanics, such as applied to petroleum industry or high depths, tunnel design, rock breakage, and rock drilling. Many aspects of geomechanics overlap with parts of geotechnical engineering, engineering geology, and geological engineering. Modern developments relate to seismology, continuum mechanics, discontinuum mechanics, and transport phenomena.
In the petroleum engineering Industry, geomechanics is used to predict important parameters, such as in-situ rock stresses, modulus of elasticity, leak-off coefficient and poisson's ratio. Reservoir parameters that include: formation porosity, permeability and bottom hole pressure can be derived from geomechanical evaluation. The geotechnical engineer or geophysicist relies on various techniques to obtain reliable geomechanical models. These techniques that have evolved over the years, are: Coring; Log analysis; Well testing methods like hydrauliic fracturing; geophysical sonar methods such as acoustic emission.

</doc>
<doc id="2931700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931700" title="Drezno">
Drezno

Drezno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="2931701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931701" title="Koko ni Iruzee!">
Koko ni Iruzee!

Details.
Musical personnel.
Aside from Morning Musume, the following personnel also took part in track 1 ("Koko ni Iruzee!") as background vocals.
Cover versions.
Tsunku version.
Two years after the release of the single, Morning Musume producer Tsunku covered the song along with "" (another Morning Musume song) and is featured in his album "Take 1".
Nozomi Tsuji version.
Former Morning Musume member Nozomi Tsuji released her own rendition of the song on May 16, 2007 as the opening theme of the anime "Robby and Kerobby" and as her debut single under the same label of the original version. Though the main track is "Koko ni Iruzee!", the coupling track is different and is named "Happy My Friend."

</doc>
<doc id="2931702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931702" title="Simoldes">
Simoldes

Simoldes is a Portuguese mould maker company headquartered in Oliveira de Azeméis.
Claimed to be Europe's largest mould maker, Simoldes Group Mould Division supplies plastic injection moulds for the automotive industry. 
Its Simoldes Tool Division is a group of 7 Production Units and 5 Advanced Customer Service offices with Sales and marketing structure centered in the 4 main companies of the group: Simoldes Aços, MDA, IMA and Simoldes Aços Brasil, and with 950 people. 
Simoldes Group Mould Division main customers are worldwide automotive suppliers like Renault, Volvo, BMW, Saab, General Motors, Ford, Peugeot, Mercedes-Benz, Citroën, Volkswagen, SEAT and other well-known companies like Nokia, Hoover, IBM, Whirlpool, and Philips.
History.
The company started on 30 November 1959 with Simoldes Aços foundation. With an amazing capital share of 200€ (40 thousand escudos at that time), Mr. António Rodrigues founded this small plant located inside Oliveira de Azeméis. Nowadays the mould division has 6 companies in Portugal and 3 in Brazil (two in Curitiba and one in São Paulo) and, one more in Argentina. The group expanded their facilities to Asia and Eastern Europe following their customers migration and market rules. Simoldes Aços started as a toy and houseware mould maker.
In 1963, the plant location was changed, with the main goal of increasing the business. Later in 1966, following an extensive market research and a precise marketing strategy, the company made its first approach to potential customers through well known brokers. This was the typical way to handle business in the sixties.
Two years later, the customers approach was changed and the first direct selling method was made in England.
In 1974, the company built a new facility that is still operational and considered as the "mother house". 
At that time, the strongest world companies had frozen their investments due to the economic recession, but Simoldes Aços kept investing on new equipment, experienced people and preparing itself for market demands and consolidation of its image as a mould maker.
Meanwhile the core business was changing - the automotive industry was the main target.
Twenty years later, Mr. Rui Paulo Rodrigues, son of Antonio assumes the 2nd direction of the factory.
The company was working mainly for the Automotive suppliers and the demands were so high, that a new company called MDA – Moldes de Azeméis, was created to focus on large size and hi-tech moulds. 
With the continuous increase of customer requests, a third company (IMA - Indústria de Moldes de Azeméis) started in 1996 for medium size moulds. Later on in 1999, another facility named Simoldes Aços Brasil was built in Curitiba.
Following a very strong sales strategy and customer orientation, several offices were prepared and spread over the most important European target markets. This policy increased the number of customers and consequently, the business volume. To be able to fulfill the new demands, a new company was built, IGM – Indústria Global de Moldes, and two other companies nearby were bought, Mecamolde and Ulmolde.
Through all these years, exports have been made to more than 30 countries, mainly Argentina, France, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Netherlands, United Kingdom, United States and Turkey, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="2931710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931710" title="Cañada Rosquín">
Cañada Rosquín

Cañada Rosquín is a small town ("comuna") in the . It is located in the San Martín Department, from the provincial capital (Santa Fe). It has a population of about 5,000 inhabitants ().
The town was founded in 1891 by Rafael Escriña. As of 2005, the Communal President is Hugo Baltazar Dallari, of the Partido Vecinal.
The well-known pop-folk music composer and interpreter León Gieco is a native of Cañada Rosquín.

</doc>
<doc id="2931717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931717" title="Conditioner (chemistry)">
Conditioner (chemistry)

A conditioner is something that improves the quality of another material. 
Conditioning agents are also called moisturizers in some cases and usually are composed of various oils and lubricants. One method of their use is coating of the substrate to alter their feel and appearance.
Some materials used as conditioners include:

</doc>
<doc id="2931722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931722" title="Khaitan Riot">
Khaitan Riot

The Khaitan Riot occurred in the Kuwaiti suburb of Khaitan (20km south of Kuwait city) on the days of October 30 and October 31, 1999. 
The riot lasted 2 days and resulted in the injury of over 120 people and involved over 3,000 Egyptian workers, most of whom were deported afterwards. The riot began as a result of an Egyptian worker breaking a plate in a store owned by a Bangladeshi. The worker refused to pay for the plate and after an intense argument the police were called and arrested him. This sparked rioting by the Egyptians. 

</doc>
<doc id="2931737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931737" title="Cascade Head">
Cascade Head

Cascade Head is a headland and UNESCO biosphere reserve and United States Forest Service Experimental Forest. It is situated southwest of Portland, Oregon on the Oregon Coast between Lincoln City and Neskowin. Cascade Head Preserve is a Nature Conservancy Selected Site.
The Nature Conservancy.
In the early 1960s, volunteers organized an effort to protect Cascade Head from development. By 1966 they had raised funds and purchased the property, and then turned it over to The Nature Conservancy. Because of its ecological significance, Cascade Head Preserve and surrounding national forest and other lands won recognition in 1980 as a National Scenic Research Area and a United Nations Biosphere Reserve.
Conservancy researchers are testing methods of maintaining and restoring grassland habitat for the Oregon silverspot butterfly, including prescribed fire. Conservancy ecologists also monitor the populations of rare plants throughout the year. In spring and summer, teams of volunteers remove invasive species (such as Himalayan blackberry), help maintain trails, assist with research projects, and teach visitors about the Preserve.
Experimental forest.
The Cascade Head Experimental Forest was established in 1934 for scientific study of typical coastal Sitka spruce-western hemlock forests found along the Oregon Coast. The forest stands at Cascade Head have been used for long-term studies, experimentation, and ecosystem research since then. In 1974 an act of Congress established the Cascade Head Scenic Research Area that includes the western half of the experimental forest, several prairie headlands, the Salmon River estuary to the south, and contiguous private lands.
Before the establishment of the experimental forest in 1934 and for sometime after, an intense forest inventory was done to determine distribution, age classes, and volumes of major tree species. Early research at Cascade Head includes studies that determined life history and characteristics of native tree species; growth and yield of Sitka spruce-western hemlock, Douglas-fir, and red alder stands; and basic relations between vegetation and climate. A climate station established in 1936 is still operating and is an official United States Weather Bureau site. Between the 1940s and the 1960s, experimental, commercial sized harvests were done to evaluate the silvicultural and economic results of various tree-cutting methods. Current research is being done on forest ecosystem productivity, wind disturbance, nutrient cycling, and global carbon cycling.
Research on the Salmon River estuary has been ongoing since the first dike breaching in 1979. Reestablishment of the salt marsh ecosystems continues to be studied and more recently use of these restored ecosystems by anadromous fish is being studied.
Flora and fauna.
Cascade Head is home to many native plant species, including Red Fescue, wild rye, Pacific Reedgrass, coastal paintbrush, goldenrod, blue violet and stream bank Lupine. The Hairy checkermallow is a rare flower found here.
Ninety-nine percent of the world's population of the Cascade Head catchfly is found here. The Oregon silverspot butterfly, federally listed as a threatened species, is known from only five other locations in the world. The butterfly depends on a single plant species, the early blue violet (which grows coastal grassland openings), to serve as food for its larvae. Elk, deer, coyote, snowshoe hare and the Pacific giant salamander are also found in the preserve, as well as bald eagle, great horned owl, northern harrier, red-tail hawk and the occasional peregrine falcon.

</doc>
<doc id="2931747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931747" title="The Eagle (novel)">
The Eagle (novel)

The Eagle is the final novel in the "A Dream of Eagles" series (published in the United States as the Camulod Chronicles). "The Eagle" follows the continuing story of Clothar (Lancelot) from when he meets Arthur Pendragon, to, and possibly after, King Arthur's death. It also is noted for having a sympathetic portrait of Mordred.
The novel was released on November 19, 2005 in Canada and was released in the United States in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2931766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931766" title="Brambleton, Virginia">
Brambleton, Virginia

Brambleton is a census-designated place in Loudoun County, Virginia, off the Dulles Toll Road. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 9,845.
It is named for a plantation once located in the vicinity. Construction started on the Brambleton community in 2001. Brambleton is located 14 km (9 mi) south of Leesburg and 2.1 km (1.3 mi) northwest of Washington Dulles International Airport. It is home to schools such as Briar Woods High School, Legacy Elementary,Creighton Corners Elementary and Moorefield Station Elementery.
Overview.
Brambleton is an award-winning master planned community located on of land near Ashburn, Virginia in Loudoun County.
Brambleton is zoned for a full range of residential and commercial uses. The overall layout of Brambleton calls for over 8,000 residential units, including an active adult community; a Town Center with of retail space and of office space; an additional of neighborhood retail and of commercial office; and of light industrial/flex space.
Brambleton was designed to incorporate traditional neighborhood features alongside pedestrian-oriented spaces and streetscapes. Currently the community includes two pools, miles of public trails, tot lots, parks, sports courts and ballfields.
four Loudoun County Public Schools Creighton's Corner Elementary, One additional public school site remains. Brambleton is also home to two Winwood childcare centers.
History.
Brambleton is located at the site of the former community of Royville, VA, which existed as early as 1908 at the intersection of Belmont Ridge Road and Creighton Road. With the exception of the Spence Family gravesite, all traces of Royville have been obliterated by the Brambleton development.
Developing the Brambleton master-planned community began in earnest in the spring of 1999, immediately after Brambleton Group L.L.C. acquired the property. Road improvements were necessary along Route 607/772 to connect Brambleton to Exit 7/Loudoun County Parkway off the Dulles Greenway. Today, Exit 7, the Loudoun County Parkway, is the gateway into the Brambleton community.
Residents in the development are members of the Brambleton Community Association, a full service homeowners association.
Town Center.
The Town Center is the heart of Brambleton with retail, restaurants, entertainment, public spaces and commercial offices. The Town Center serves as the location for the community's annual Sizzlin' Summer Concerts, Farmers Markets, July 4 fireworks display and numerous special events and festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="2931779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931779" title="Deputy Attorney General">
Deputy Attorney General

Deputy Attorney General (DAG) is the second-highest-ranking official in a department of justice or of law, in various governments of the world. In those governments, the Deputy Attorney General oversees the day-to-day operation of the department, and may act as Attorney General during the absence of the Attorney General. 
In Pakistan (DAG) is of grade 21.
In the United States, the Deputy Attorney General is appointed by the President.
In provinces, the Deputy Attorney General is called Assistant Advocate General, as the Attorney General is called Advocate General.

</doc>
<doc id="2931786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931786" title="Skull Valley Indian Reservation">
Skull Valley Indian Reservation

The Skull Valley Indian Reservation is the Goshute Indian reservation located approximately 45 miles southwest of Salt Lake City, Utah. It belongs to the Skull Valley Band of Goshute Indians of Utah, a federally recognized tribe.
Landbase.
The reservation comprises 28.187 square miles (73.004 km²) of land in east central Tooele County, adjacent to the southwest side of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest in the Stansbury Mountains. The reservation lies in the south of Skull Valley, with another range, the Cedar Mountains bordering west. A population of 31 persons resided on its territory as of the 2000 census. It is the site of a proposed temporary storage facility for used nuclear fuel (sometimes also referred to as radioactive waste), causing much controversy among some Goshute Native Americans, some of Utah's government officials and many local advocacy groups. The facility was licensed by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, but the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs and the U.S. Bureau of Land Management refused to give the permission needed for the facility to operate.
Tribal government.
The tribe's headquarters is in Grantsville, Utah.
Tribal membership is 134, with 15 to 20 living on the reservation. The tribal police have jurisdiction on the reservation.
History.
On October 12, 1863, the band first signed a treaty with the US federal government. In 1917, President Woodrow Wilson signed an executive order established the reservation.
During the Dugway Sheep Incident on April 12, 1968, 6,000 sheep in Skull Valley were killed by VX gas released in a test from the nearby U.S. Army Dugway Proving Ground. Dugway and Skull Valley have also been featured in "Rage", "The Andromeda Strain", "Outbreak" and "Species".
The Dugway Proving Grounds lies just south of Skull Valley. To the east is a nerve gas storage facility and to the north is the Magnesium Corporation plant which has had severe environmental problems. The reservation was a proposed location for an 820 acre (3 km²) dry cask storage facility for the storage of 40,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel. Only are for the actual facility, and the rest of the land is a buffer area. Eight and a half years after application, this facility was licensed by the NRC.

</doc>
<doc id="2931803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931803" title="Skin cream">
Skin cream

Skin cream may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931804" title="Babe Paley">
Babe Paley

Barbara "Babe" Cushing Mortimer Paley (July 5, 1915 – July 6, 1978) was an American socialite and style icon. She was known by the popular nickname "Babe" for most of her life. She was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1958.
Early life.
Born Barbara Cushing in Boston, Massachusetts, she was the daughter of world-renowned brain surgeon Dr. Harvey Cushing, who was professor of surgery at Johns Hopkins, Harvard and Yale universities, and Katharine Stone Crowell Cushing. Her older sisters both married into money and prestige: Minnie Cushing was the second wife of Vincent Astor, and Betsey Cushing married James Roosevelt, the son of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and then later John Hay Whitney.
A student at the Westover School in Middlebury, Connecticut, she was presented as a debutante in October 1934 in Boston, with Roosevelt's sons in attendance. Her debut drew great attention during the Great Depression, and marked the beginning of her social career. She graduated from Winsor School in Boston in 1934.
Career.
In 1938, Paley began working as a fashion editor for "Vogue" in New York City. Her position at "Vogue" gave her access to designer clothes, often given in exchange for Babe's high profile and glamorous image. In 1941, "Time" magazine voted her the world's second best dressed woman after Wallis Simpson and before Aimée de Heeren. She was also named to the best-dressed list in 1945 and 1946.
Upon her second marriage in 1947, Paley left her job at "Vogue".
Style.
Paley set about to cultivate and create a picture-perfect social world. The couple took an elegant apartment at the St. Regis and hired noted interior designer Billy Baldwin to decorate. She and Paley lived there during the week, while weekends were spent at Kiluna Farm, on in Manhasset, Long Island, where a succession of landscape architects and garden designers beautified the grounds. The more distant retreat, Kiluna North, on Squam Lake in New Hampshire, was purchased in 1957; there they entertained celebrities who welcomed the privacy; Squam Lake's woodlands provided settings for the film "On Golden Pond" (1981).
Though the antisemitic prejudices of society excluded the Paleys from a number of important social functions and exclusive clubs, Babe nevertheless kept a circle of high-society friends that included author Truman Capote and fellow socialite/style icon Slim Keith. Capote included Paley and Keith in his group of "swans" (glamorous New York socialite women) along with Gloria Guinness, Marella Agnelli, and C.Z. Guest. Paley famously dropped Capote as a friend when excerpts of his much-touted work in progress, "", revealed the gossipy confidences of many of New York's elite.
In addition to lavish entertaining, Paley maintained her position on the best-dressed list fourteen times before being inducted into the Fashion Hall of Fame in 1958. She regularly bought entire haute couture collections from major fashion houses like Givenchy and Valentino SpA. Her personal style was inspirational to thousands of women who tried to copy her, but as Bill Blass once observed, "I never saw her not grab anyone's attention, the hair, the makeup, the crispness. You were never conscious of what she was wearing; you noticed Babe and nothing else."
Her personal, unconventional style was enormously influential. A photograph of Paley with a scarf tied to her handbag, for example, created a trendy tidal wave that millions of women emulated. She often mixed extravagant jewelry by Fulco di Verdura and Jean Schlumberger (jewelry designer) with cheap costume pieces, and embraced letting her hair go gray instead of camouflaging it with dye. In a stroke of modernism, she made pantsuits chic. Her image and status reportedly created a strain on her marriage to William S. Paley, who insisted that his wife be wrapped in sable and completely bejeweled at all times.
Personal life.
Marriages and children.
While working at "Vogue", she met and married oil heir Stanley Grafton Mortimer, Jr., in 1940. Though her mother preferred that she marry a powerful man with a title, she generally approved of the union. She and Mortimer had two children: Amanda Jay Mortimer (later Burden) and Stanley Grafton Mortimer III. Their marriage ended by 1946. Several retrospectives have claimed that Babe neglected her children while in pursuit of social status and depended upon the wealth of her husbands to support her lavish lifestyle. Her daughter Amanda has admitted that their relationship was "virtually nonexistent" and that the distance "was her choice, not mine".
After her divorce from Mortimer, she received a settlement based on a trust fund. She then set out to make a second high-profile marriage. In 1946, she met William S. Paley, the founder of CBS. Paley was phenomenally wealthy, with an interest in the arts and a desire to be a part of New York's café society. With Babe's social connections, beauty, and style, Paley stood a greater chance of being granted entrée into a society which, until that time, had effectively shut him out. For Babe, Paley offered wealth, security, and worldliness. Barbara "Babe" Cushing Mortimer and William S. Paley married in 1947 and the couple had two additional children, Kate and Bill Jr.
By many biographers' accounts, Paley was lonely and frustrated as William Paley carried on a chain of extramarital affairs. This psychological battering took its toll on her and her family. She was constantly under the scrutiny of society and the media, who pressed her to maintain the unrealistic image of a social and fashion goddess. These external pressures, as well as a two-pack-a-day cigarette habit, finally affected her health.
Final years and death.
A heavy smoker, Paley was diagnosed with lung cancer in 1974. She planned her own funeral, right down to the food and wine selections that would be served at the funeral luncheon. She carefully allocated her jewelry collection and personal belongings to friends and family, wrapped them in colorful paper, and created a complete file system with directions as to how they would be distributed after her death.
Paley finally succumbed to lung cancer on July 6, 1978, the day after her 63rd birthday. She was interred in the Memorial Cemetery of St. John's Church, Cold Spring Harbor, New York. On his death in 1990, Bill Paley was interred next to her.
Legacy.
Long after her death, Babe Paley remains an icon in the world of fashion and style. "Babe Paley had only one fault," commented her one-time friend Truman Capote. "She was perfect. Otherwise, she was perfect."
Many fashion designers and interior decorators continue to reference Babe Paley's style in their own creations. Paley and her "swans", much like Jacqueline Kennedy during the 1960s, exemplified a young, attractive and affluent class that many Americans aspired to join.
Fictional portrayals.
Babe Paley was portrayed in the films "Life of the Party: The Pamela Harriman Story" (1998) by Joan Severance, "Capote" (2005) by Michelle Harrison and in "Infamous" (2006) by Sigourney Weaver.
In Jacqueline Susann's 1969 novel, "The Love Machine", the characters of socialite Judith Austin and her husband Gregory Austin, CEO of a television network, were said to be based on Babe and William Paley. Dyan Cannon portrayed Judith in the 1971 film version.
In the book "Fifth Avenue, 5am", which is written about the novel and film "Breakfast at Tiffany's", Paley is referred to as the muse of Truman Capote with whom she was a close friend in real life.

</doc>
<doc id="2931832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931832" title="Josh Paul">
Josh Paul

Joshua William Paul (born May 19, 1975 in Evanston, Illinois) is a former Major League Baseball catcher who is currently the manager of the Class A short-season Staten Island Yankees.
Playing career.
Josh Paul played college baseball at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. After being selected by the Chicago White Sox in the amateur draft in , Paul was a back-up catcher from until he was granted his outright release in . He was signed by the Chicago Cubs, but was again released in October of the same year. The Anaheim Angels signed him in . He was traded after the season to the Devil Rays for minor league third baseman Travis Schlichting.
According to commentator Tim McCarver, Paul is writing a book about pitch selection. According to Rays' broadcaster Joe Magrane an entire chapter will be devoted to Seth McClung, a temperamental hard thrower with control issues; Paul was McClung's personal catcher during the season.
After McClung was sent to the minor leagues to be converted to closing and Tampa Bay Devil Rays starting catcher Toby Hall was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers, Dioner Navarro came to Tampa Bay as the Devil Rays' main catcher. Paul was limited to 35 games in because of hand and elbow injuries. On February 1, , the Rays signed Paul to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training. After failing to make the team, Paul was released and signed with the Houston Astros on April 6. On June 14, Paul was released by the Astros.
Paul, who lost a friend in the September 11, 2001 attacks, was a proponent of playing games scheduled on September 11, 2002.
Post-playing career.
In December 2008, Paul was named the manager of the Single-A Staten Island Yankees in the New York Yankees organization.
Paul served as interim bullpen coach for the New York Yankees while Dave Eiland was away from the team for personal reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="2931833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931833" title="Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima">
Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima

This single is a cover of the theme song to a famous children's puppet show from the 1960s, called "Hyokkori Hyoutanjima" ("ひょっこりひょうたん島").

</doc>
<doc id="2931849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931849" title="1935 European Rugby League Championship">
1935 European Rugby League Championship

The 1935 European Rugby League Championship was a rugby league international competition held in 1935. The 1935 edition was the first ever held.

</doc>
<doc id="2931851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931851" title="Japanese dictionary">
Japanese dictionary

Japanese dictionaries have a history that began over 1300 years ago when Japanese Buddhist priests, who wanted to understand Chinese sutras, adapted Chinese character dictionaries. Present-day Japanese lexicographers are exploring computerized editing and electronic dictionaries. According to Keisuke Nakao:
After introducing some Japanese "dictionary" words, this article will discuss early and modern Japanese dictionaries, demarcated at the 1603 CE lexicographical sea-change from "Nippo Jisho", the first bilingual Japanese–Portuguese dictionary. "Early" here will refer to lexicography during the Heian, Kamakura, and Muromachi periods (794–1573); and "modern" to Japanese dictionaries from the Edo or Tokugawa era (1603–1867) through the present.
Lexicographical terminology.
First, it will be useful to introduce some key Japanese terms for dictionaries and collation (ordering of entry words) that the following discussion will be using.
The Wiktionary uses English "" to define a few synonyms including , , , , and . It also uses "dictionary" to translate six Japanese words.
The first three homophonous "jiten" compounds of "ten" ( "reference work; dictionary; classic; canon; model") are Chinese loanwords. However, Chinese distinguishes their pronunciations, avoiding the potential ambiguities of Sino-Japanese "jiten": "cídiǎn" 辞典 "word dictionary", "zìdiǎn" 字典 "character dictionary", or "shìdiǎn" 事典 "encyclopedia". The usual Japanese word for "encyclopedia" is "hyakka jiten" (百科事典 "100/many subject dictionary", see Japanese encyclopedias). The "jiten", "jisho", and "jibiki" terms for dictionaries of "kanji" "Chinese characters" share the element "ji" ( "character; graph; letter; script; writing").
Lexicographical collation is straightforward for romanized languages, and most dictionaries enter words in alphabetical order. In contrast, the Japanese writing system, with "kanji", "hiragana", and "katakana", creates complications for dictionary ordering. University of Arizona professor Don C. Bailey (1960:4) discusses how Japanese lexicography differentiates semantic, graphic, and phonetic collation methods, namely:
In general, "jikeibiki" organization is for a readers' dictionary, "bunruitai" for a writers' dictionary, and "onbiki" for both types.
The Japanese writing system originated with the introduction of Chinese characters around the 4th century CE, and early Japanese dictionaries developed from Chinese dictionaries circa the 7th century CE. These three Japanese collation systems were borrowed and adapted from Chinese character dictionaries.
The first, and oldest, Chinese system of collation by semantic field (for instance, "birds" or "fish") dates back to the ca. 3rd century BCE "Erya". Only a few dictionaries like the "Xiao Erya", "Guangya", and "Piya" used semantic collation. This system is inefficient looking up a word unless the dictionary user already knows its meaning; imagine, for example, using Roget's Thesaurus without an alphabetical index. "Bunruitai" collation is obsolete among modern Japanese dictionaries, with the exception of thesauri.
The second system of dictionary collation by radicals (Chinese "bushou", Japanese "bushu", 部首 "section headers") originated with the 121 CE "Shuowen Jiezi". Japanese dictionaries followed the Chinese example of reducing the number of radicals: original 540 ("Shuowen Jiezi"), adjusted 542 ("Yupian"), condensed 214 ("Zihui", "Kangxi Zidian"), and abridged 189 ("Xinhua Zidian"). Japanese "jikeibiki" collation by radical and stroke ordering is standard for character dictionaries, and does not require a user to know the meaning or pronunciation beforehand. 
The third Chinese system of ordering by pronunciation is evident in a rime dictionary, which collates the characters by tone and rime. The 601 CE "Qieyun" is the oldest extant Chinese dictionary collated by pronunciation, and was expanded in the "Guangyun" and "Jiyun". The shortcoming of this unwieldy tone-rime method is that a user needs to know, or guess, the pronunciation of a character in order to look it up. The modern Chinese dictionary improvement is alphabetical collation by "pinyin" romanization. Japanese "onbiki" dictionaries historically changed from poetic "iroha" to practical "gojūon" ordering. Compare the former pangram poem ("i-ro-ha-ni-ho-he-to, chi-ri-nu-ru-wo", … "Although flowers glow with color, They are quickly fallen, …) with the latter "fifty sounds" 10 consonants by 5 vowels grid ("a-i-u-e-o, ka-ki-ku-ke-ko", …). m
Early Japanese lexicography.
The first Japanese dictionaries are no longer extant and only known by titles. For example, the "Nihon Shoki" (tr. Aston 1896:354) says Emperor Temmu was presented a dictionary in 682 CE, the "Niina" (新字, "New Characters") with 44 fascicles ("kan" ). The earliest dictionaries made in Japan were not for the Japanese language but rather dictionaries of Chinese characters written in Chinese and annotated in Japanese.
Japanese lexicography flowered during the Heian Period, when Chinese culture and Buddhism began to spread throughout Japan. During the Kamakura and Muromachi eras, despite advances in woodblock printing technology, there was a decline in lexicography that Bailey (1960:22) describes as "a tendency toward simplification and popularization". 
The following review of the first published Japanese dictionaries is divided into the above lexicographical "jikeibiki", "bunruitai", and "onbiki" types.
Graphically organized dictionaries.
"Jikeibiki" graphic collation began with the oldest extant Japanese dictionary: the circa 835 CE "Tenrei Banshō Meigi", edited by the Heian monk and scholar Kūkai. It enters approximately 1,000 characters under 534 radicals, and each entry gives the seal script character, Chinese fanqie reading, and definition (usually copied from the "Yupian"), but does not give native kun'yomi Japanese readings. 
The first dictionary containing Japanese readings of "kanji" was the circa 900 "Shinsen Jikyō", which the editor Shōjū (昌住) compiled from the "Yupian" and "Qieyun". It enters 21,300 characters, giving both Chinese and Sino-Japanese readings, and cites many early Japanese texts. Internal organization innovatively combines "jikeibiki" and "bunruitai" methods; a simplified system of 160 radicals is ordered semantically (e.g., 5-7 are Rain, Air, and Wind).
The circa 1100 Buddhist "Ruiju Myōgishō" dictionary lists over 32,000 characters and compounds under 120 radicals. The structure and definitions closely follow the Chinese "Yupian" and "Qieyun". This Heian reference work gives both Sino-Japanese and Japanese readings for "kanji", usually with Kanbun annotations in citations from Chinese classic texts.
The circa 1245 "Jikyōshū" collates Chinese characters primarily by the 542 "Yupian" radicals and secondarily by semantic headings adapted from the "Iroha Jiruishō". This Kamakura dictionary, edited by Sugawara no Tamenaga (菅原為長), exists in 3, 7, and 20 fascicle editions that have convoluted textual histories.
The next "jikeibiki" collated dictionary of "kanji" was the circa 1489 "Wagokuhen". This "Japanese "Yupian"" was based on the Chinese "Yupian", actually the 1013 "Daguang yihui Yupian" (大廣益會玉篇, "Expanded and Enlarged "Yupian""), which was current in Muromachi Japan. The "Wagokuhen" went through dozens of editions, which collate entries through various systems of (from 100 to 542) radicals, without any overt semantic subdivisions.
Two historical aspects of these logographically arranged Japanese "jikeibiki" dictionaries are reducing the number of radicals and semantically ordering them. The radical systems ranged from 542 (the "Yupian"), 534, 160, 120, down to 100. Both the "Shinsen Jikyō" and "Jikyōshū" refined logographic categorization with "bunruitai"-type arrangements. While Chinese dictionaries have occasional examples of semantically ordered radicals (for instance, Kangxi radicals 38 and 39 are Woman and Child), Japanese lexicography restructured radicals into more easily memorable sequences.
Semantically organized dictionaries.
Japanese "bunruitai" semantic collation of dictionaries began with the 938 CE "Wamyō Ruijushō", compiled by Minamoto no Shitagō (源順). This Heian dictionary adapts the ancient Chinese "Erya" dictionary's 19 semantic categories into 24 Japanese headings with subheadings. For instance, Heaven and Earth is subdivided into Stars and Constellations, Clouds and Rain, Wind and Snow, etc.
The character entries give source citations, Chinese pronunciations, definitions, and Japanese readings in the ancient "Man'yōgana" character system.
The circa 1444 "Kagakushū" was an anonymous Muromachi era Japanese language dictionary or encyclopedia that defined some 3000 words into 18 semantic categories. It was designed for the literate public rather than for priests and literati, and was reissued many times.
Phonetically organized dictionaries.
Japanese "onbiki" phonetic collation began during the late Heian Period. The circa 1144–1165 CE "Iroha Jiruishō" was the first dictionary to group entries in the "iroha" order. Words are entered by 47 first "kana" syllables, each subdivided into 21 semantic groups.
The circa 1468 "Setsuyōshū" was a popular Muromachi dictionary collated in "iroha" order and subdivided into 12 (later 13) semantic categories. It defined current Japanese vocabulary rather than borrowed Sino-Japanese compounds, and went through many editions and reprints.
The 1484 "Onkochishinsho" was the first Japanese dictionary to collate words in modern "gojūon" rather than conventional "iroha" order. This Muromachi reference work enters about 13,000 words, first by pronunciation and then by 12 subject classifications.
All three of these "onbiki" dictionaries adapted the "bunruitai" method to collate primarily by first syllable and secondarily by semantic field. This is comparatively less efficient than modern Japanese dictionaries with single-sorting "gojūon" collation by first syllable, second syllable, etc.
Modern Japanese lexicography.
The development of early Japanese lexicography from Chinese–Japanese dictionaries has cross-linguistic parallels, for instance, early English language lexicography developed from Latin–English dictionaries. Nonetheless, modern Japanese lexicography adapted to an unparalleled second foreign wave from Western language dictionaries and romanization.
During the Nanban trade Period (1543–1650 CE) when Japan was opened to Europeans, the Jesuit Mission Press published two groundbreaking dictionaries. The 1598 monolingual "Rakuyōshū" (落葉集, "Collection of Fallen Leaves") gave Sino-Japanese and native Japanese readings of characters, and introduced the small raised circle ("handakuten" 半濁点) to indicate the "p" sound (compare "ha" は and "pa" ぱ). The 1603–1604 bilingual Japanese-Portuguese "Nippo Jisho" or "Vocabvlario da Lingoa de Iapam" dictionary is still cited as an authority for early Japanese pronunciation. The year 1604 was at the beginning of the Edo Period and also, as Nakao (1998:37) points out, the date of the first monolingual English dictionary, the Table Alphabeticall. 
During the Sakoku Period (1641–1853) when Japan was closed to foreigners, with the exception of the Dutch East India Company, "Rangaku" ("Dutch/Western learning") influenced Japanese lexicography through bilingual Japanese and Dutch dictionaries. Another notable publication was the 1712 "Wakan Sansai Zue" encyclopedia, which was based on the 1609 Chinese Sancai Tuhui.
Japanese language dictionaries.
"Kokugo jiten/jisho" (国語辞典/辞書 "national language dictionary") means "Japanese–Japanese dictionary, monolingual Japanese dictionary". This "national language" term "kokugo", which Chinese borrowed as "guoyu", usually refers to the Japanese language as taught in Japanese schools. "Nihongo jisho" (日本語辞書 "Japanese language dictionary") is a neologism that contrasts Japanese with other world languages. There are hundreds of "kokugo" dictionaries in print, ranging from huge multivolume tomes to paperback abridgments. According to Japanese translator Tom Gally (1999:n.p.), "While all have shortcomings, the best "kokugo" dictionaries are probably among the best reference works in existence in any language."
The Edo "Kokugaku" scholar Tanigawa Kotosuga (谷川士清, 1709–1776) began compilation of the first full-scale Japanese language dictionary, the "Wakun no Shiori" or "Wakunkan" (和訓栞 "Guidebook to Japanese Pronunciations"). This influential 9-volume dictionary of classical Japanese words was posthumously completed and finally published in 1887.
The first truly modern Japanese language dictionary was edited by the grammarian and English translator Ōtsuki Fumihiko, who used Webster's Dictionary as the model for his pioneering "Genkai" (言海 "Sea of Words, 1889–1891)". His revised 5-volume "Daigenkai" (大言海 "Great/Comprehensive Sea of Words", Fuzanbō, 1932–1937) dictionary continues to be cited for its definitions and etymologies.
The "Daijiten" (大辭典 "Great/Comprehensive Dictionary", Heibonsha 1934–36), edited by Shimonaka Yasaburō (下中彌三郎), is the largest "kokugo" dictionary ever published. The original 26-volume edition, which is still available in condensed versions, entered over 700,000 headwords, listed by pronunciation, and covered a wide variety of Japanese vocabulary. 
The "Nihon Kokugo Daijiten" (Shogakukan, 1972, 1976) is the modern equivalent of the "Daigenkai" and "Daijiten". This multivolume historical dictionary enters about 500,000 headwords, and is currently the most complete reference work for the Japanese language. 
The bestselling "kokugo" titles are practical 1-volume dictionaries rather than encyclopedic works like the "Nihon Kokugo Daijiten". For present purposes, they are divided between large-size dictionaries that enter 100,000-200,000 headwords on 2000-3000 pages and medium-size ones with 60,000-100,000 on 1300–1500 pages. The following discussion will introduce the central "kokugo" dictionaries, excepting the numerous smallest editions.
Larger single-volume Japanese language dictionaries are a highly profitable and competitive market for Japanese publishing houses.
The hefty scale of these larger dictionaries provides comprehensive coverage of Japanese words, but also renders them cumbersome and unwieldy.
Medium single-volume dictionaries have comparative advantages in portability, usability, and price.
Some Japanese publishers sell both a larger dictionary with more archaisms and classical citations as well as a smaller condensation with more modern examples, for instance, Shōgakukan's "Daijisen" and "Gendai Kokugo Reikai Jiten".
Chinese character dictionaries.
"Kan-Wa jiten" (漢和辞典 ""Kan"["ji"] Chinese -"Wa" Japanese dictionary") means "Japanese dictionary of "kanji" (Chinese characters)". This unique type of monolingual dictionary enters Japanese borrowings of "kanji" and multi-character compounds ("jukugo" ), but is not a bilingual Chinese–Japanese dictionary. A "Kan–Wa" dictionary headword ("oyaji" 親字 "parent character") entry typically gives variant graphic forms, graphic etymology, readings, meanings, compounds, and idioms. Indexes usually include both radical-stroke and pronunciation ("on" and "kun" readings), and sometimes other character indexing systems like the four corner method.
The history of "Kan–Wa" dictionaries began with early Japanese references such as the "Tenrei Banshō Meigi" and "Ruiju Myōgishō" (above). In 1716, the Edo author of "Yomihon", Tsuga Teishō (都賀庭鐘, 1718–1794) published the "Kōki Jiten" (康熙字典), a Japanese version of the "Kangxi Dictionary", which standardized the "Kan-Wa jiten" system of 214 Kangxi radicals. The first dictionary titled with "Kan-Wa" was the "Kan-Wa Daijiten" (漢和大字典 "Great "Kanji"-Japanese Character Dictionary", Sanseidō, 1903), edited by Shigeno Yasutsugu (重野安繹, 1827–1910), founder of the "Shigaku zasshi". The " Daijiten" (大字典 "Great Character Dictionary", Kodansha, 1917), edited by Eida Takei 栄田猛猪, went through numerous reprints. 
The best available "Kan–Wa" dictionary is unquestionably Morohashi Tetsuji's 13-volume "Dai Kan-Wa Jiten" ("Great/Comprehensive "Kanji"–Japanese Dictionary", Taishūkan, 1956–60), which contains over 50,000 characters and 530,000 compounds. It was condensed into the 4-volume "Kō Kan-Wa Jiten" (広漢和辞典 "Broad "Kanji"–Japanese Dictionary", Taishūkan, 1982), edited by Morohashi, Kamada Tadashi (鎌田正), and Yoneyama Toratarō (米山寅太郎), which enters 20,000 characters and 120,000 compounds.
The following major "Kan–Wa" dictionaries are presented in the chronological order of their first editions. Note that the numbers of character headwords include variants.
"Kan-Ei jiten" (漢英辞典 ""Kanji"–English dictionary") refers to a character dictionary designed for English-speaking students of Japanese. The prototype was hastily compiled during wartime; the "Beginner's Dictionary of Chinese-Japanese Characters" (Harvard University Press, 1942, Dover reprint, 1977), edited by Arthur Rose-Innes, enters about 5000 "kanji". There are currently four major "Kan–Ei" dictionaries.
It is noteworthy that all four of these "Ei–Wa" dictionaries attempted to improve upon the traditional radical system, which can be problematical for users, but none of their improvements has been widely accepted.
Japanese and English dictionaries.
Since Japanese bilingual dictionaries, which are available for most major world languages, are too numerous to be discussed here, the two cases in point are "Ei-Wa jiten" (英和辞典) "English–Japanese dictionaries" and "Wa-Ei jiten" (和英辞典) "Japanese–English dictionaries".
First, the history of English–Japanese dictionaries began at the end of the Edo period. The English missionary Walter H. Medhurst, who never traveled to Japan, compiled the first bilingual wordbook "An English and Japanese, and Japanese and English Vocabulary" (Batavia, 1830). The Dutch translator Hori Tatsunosuke (堀 達之助), who interpreted for Commodore Perry, compiled the first true English–Japanese dictionary: "A Pocket Dictionary of the English and Japanese Language" (英和対訳袖珍辞書, Yosho-Shirabedokoro, 1862). It was based upon English-Dutch and Dutch-Japanese bilingual dictionaries, and contained about 35,000 headwords.
English–Japanese dictionary publishing flourished during the Taishō period. Kanda Naibu (神田乃武) used the Century Dictionary as the basis for his "Mohan English–Japanese Dictionary" (模範英和大辞典, Sanseidō, 1911). "Saito's Idiomological" [sic "English–Japanese Dictionary" (熟語本位英和中辞典, Ōbunsha, 1915) was edited by Saito Hidesaburou (斎三郎).Jūkichi Inouye (井上十吉), a graduate of London University, edited "Inouye's English–Japanese Dictionary" (井上和英大辞典, Shiseidō, 1921). "Kenkyusha's New English–Japanese Dictionary on Bilingual Principles" (研究社新英和大辞典, 1927) was edited by Okakura Yoshisaburo (岡倉由三郎). 
In the present day, four major English–Japanese dictionaries are available. 
Second, the history of Japanese–English dictionaries began during the Meiji Restoration at the end of the Edo period. The American missionary James Curtis Hepburn edited "A Japanese and English Dictionary with an English and Japanese Index" (和英語林集成, Shanghai, American Presbyterian Press, 1867), with 20,722 Japanese-English and 10,030 English-Japanese words, on 702 pages. Although designed to be used by missionaries in Japan, this first Japanese–English dictionary was so popular among the Japanese that nine editions were published by 1910. 
"An Unabridged Japanese–English Dictionary, with copious illustrations" (和英大辞典, Sanseido, 1896), edited by Frank Brinkley, Nanjō Bunyū (南条文雄) and Iwasaki Gyōshin (岩崎行親), adapted and expanded Hepburn's dictionary into 1687 pages. It was primarily intended for English-speaking learners of Japanese. Jukichi Inouye (井上十吉) also edited "Inouye's Japanese–English Dictionary" (井上英和大辞典, Sanseido, 1909), which was the first dictionary intended for Japanese learners of English. Takenobu Yoshitarō (武信由太郎) edited the authoritative "Takenobu's Japanese–English Dictionary" (武信和英大辞典, Kenkyusha, 1918), which had more coverage and better usage examples than any contemporary dictionaries. It was subsequently revised as "Kenkyūsha's New Japanese–English Dictionary" (2nd ed. 1931) in order to compete with "A Standard Japanese–English Dictionary" (スタンダード和英大辭典, Taishukwan, 1924), edited by Takehara Tsuneta (竹原常太), with 57,000 headwords and 300,000 examples; and "Saitō's Japanese–English Dictionary" (和英大辭典, Nichi-Eisha, 1928), also edited by Saito Hidesaburo, with 50,000 headwords and 120,000 examples. Kenkyusha's mainstay dictionary is now in its fifth edition, with little contest. 
Specialized dictionaries.
"Senmon jiten" (専門辞典) means "specialized dictionary" and "senmon-go jiten" (専門語辞典) means "jargon dictionary; technical dictionary". Since specialized Japanese dictionaries are too diverse and numerous to be covered here, four exemplary types are reviewed: dictionaries of old words, current words, loanwords, and thesauri. (See the bibliographies listed under "External links" below for more complete listings of specialized dictionaries.) 
"Kogo jiten" (古語辞典) means "dictionary of Classical Japanese." Pre-modern or Classical Japanese can vary considerably from the modern language, and "kogo" dictionaries are essential for anyone reading historical texts. 
"Ryūkōgo jiten" (流行語辞典) is a specialized wordbook of catchphrases and buzzwords. Japan, like most other countries, continually creates new and ephemeral terms. Three publishers put out annual paperback dictionaries that cover the latest native coinages and foreign borrowings.
"Gairaigo jiten" (外来語辞典) means "loanword dictionary". Beginning with Chinese borrowings, the Japanese language has imported many foreign loanwords and abbreviations. Here are some of the best "gairaigo" dictionaries.
"Ruigo jiten" (類語辞典) means "thesaurus," synonymous with Japanese "ruigigo jiten" (類義語辞典) and the English loanword "shisōrasu" (シソーラス). 
Electronic and online dictionaries.
"Denshi jisho" (電子辞書) refers either generally to "dictionary software" (on CD-ROM, hard drive, "onrain jisho" オンライン辞書 "online dictionary", etc.) or specifically to "a dedicated PDA-type dictionary" also known as a "denshi jiten" (電子辞典).
The specific meaning of handheld "electronic Japanese dictionary" became popular in the early 1980s. Modern stand-alone dictionaries resemble a PDA or small clamshell computer. Different manufacturers and models offer various user features, Japanese input methods, and multiple-volume capacities for switching between dictionaries of Modern Japanese, Classical Japanese, "Kanji", English, medical terminology, etc.
The general "denshi jisho" meaning of "dictionary database software" has evolved from early floppies that Japanese users copied onto their local computers to contemporary server-based dictionaries accessible by users with cell phones. Japanese dictionary software is available in either freeware or commercial versions, both of which are found online. 
Many online dictionaries of Japanese are based upon Jim Breen’s voluntary EDICT (Japanese–English Dictionary) Project, which consists of the 160,000 entry-strong core JMdict (XML) and EDICT (text) files (under Creative Commons license), and associated files such as KANJIDIC for "kanji". Eijirō, another major online database, is targeted primarily at native Japanese speakers, and as such lacks some of the features to make it more accessible to non-native speakers. Here are some major non-commercial online reference sites.
Second, many other online and Web dictionaries use commercial software from Japanese print dictionary publishers. Sanseido, for example, sells printed and CD-ROM dictionary versions, leases dictionary software to commercial Websites (especially search engines), and sells subscriptions to their Web Dictionary. Here are some dictionary websites that are popular in Japan.
From these high-tech online reference works, the path of Japanese lexicography extends back to early Chinese character dictionaries compiled by Heian Buddhist priests.

</doc>
<doc id="2931852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931852" title="Kicking and Screaming">
Kicking and Screaming

Kicking and Screaming may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931866" title="Nordtvedt effect">
Nordtvedt effect

In theoretical astrophysics, the Nordtvedt effect refers to the relative motion between the Earth and the Moon which would be observed if the gravitational self-energy of a body contributed to its gravitational mass but not its inertial mass. If observed, the Nordtvedt effect would violate the strong equivalence principle, which shows that an object's movement in a gravitational field does not depend on its mass or composition.
The effect is named after Dr. Kenneth L. Nordtvedt, from Montana State University, who first demonstrated that some theories of gravity suggest that massive bodies should fall at different rates, depending upon their gravitational self-energy.
If gravity did in fact violate the strong equivalence principle, then the more-massive Earth should fall towards the Sun at a slightly different rate than the Moon. To test for the existence (or absence) of the Nordtvedt effect, scientists have used the Lunar Laser Ranging Experiment, which is capable of measuring the distance between the Earth and the Moon with near-millimetre accuracy. Thus far, the results have failed to find any evidence of the Nordtvedt effect, demonstrating that if it exists, the effect is exceedingly weak. Subsequent measurements and analysis to even higher precision have essentially ruled out this effect.

</doc>
<doc id="2931869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931869" title="Reassurance marker">
Reassurance marker

A reassurance marker or confirming marker is a type of traffic sign that confirms the identity of the route being traveled, but which doesn't necessarily provide other information such as distances traveled (as is done by highway location markers), distances to other locations, or upcoming intersections. For roadside historical markers, see historic marker.
It is a highway shield, usually with a cardinal direction sign, that repeats the name or number of the current route. They are typically posted at intervals alongside a numbered highway.
North America.
In the United States and Canada, reassurance markers (also called reassurance shields or confirming shields) usually take the form of a shield displaying the road number on an elevated pole, with a plate above or below it indicating the "official" direction of that side of the route. (The official long-range direction may differ from the short-range direction; for example, a large stretch of I-90 near Buffalo, New York runs north-south, although the route is officially east-west.) The direction portion of the sign confirms that the driver is going the right way along the desired road. On larger roads, reassurance markers are sometimes posted on a sign that is elevated on a gantry.
In the United States, reassurance shields are defined in Section 2D.31 of the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD). The MUTCD recommends that reassurance assemblies be placed:
The MUTCD requires a cardinal directional sign to be posted with the route shield to further reassure travelers that they are traveling the correct direction on their route. However, this standard is not always followed, especially in urban areas. One example of this is found in the Hampton Roads area of Virginia, where directional signs for Interstate 64 are not posted between the road's eastern terminus in Chesapeake and Interstate 264 in Norfolk, because the road travels in the opposite compass direction from its official designation (although the route in the Norfolk-to-Chesapeake direction is a continuation of I-64 east, it travels westward at that point).
Europe.
The Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals specifies that "road identification signs" consist of the route number framed in a rectangle, a shield, or the relevant state's route classification symbol (if one exists). The extent to which such signs are used varies between countries.
In the Republic of Ireland, such signs appear normally on national routes and upgraded regional roads. Officially known as "route confirmation signs", there are two variants; the smaller (featuring just the road number) is common after minor junctions, and a full route confirmation sign will feature the route number and several destinations and the distances to them (with distances not directly reached by that particular route number in brackets). Euroroute numbers have begun to appear on these signs but are not yet commonplace. On motorways and high quality dual carriageways, they appear after every junction (except on the M50, on which they are not typically used). On other national, roads they appear when leaving built-up areas. Some regional roads feature route confirmation signs, but they are not common on these roads.
In the Netherlands, frequently-positioned hectometer posts include the route number, the distance in hectometers, and the current speed limit. In some European countries, highway location markers (distance posts similar to milestones) are placed at regular intervals along roadsides. As well as giving the distance to or from one end of the route, these posts include the route number.

</doc>
<doc id="2931878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931878" title="Infinity (disambiguation)">
Infinity (disambiguation)

Infinity (formula_1) is the notion of boundlessness in mathematics, philosophy, and theology.
Infinity or infiniti may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931882" title="October 18 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)">
October 18 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)

Oct. 17 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - Oct. 19
All fixed commemorations below are observed on October 31 by Old Calendarists

</doc>
<doc id="2931886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931886" title="Bial">
Bial

Bial (Portela e Cª, S.A.) is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in S. Mamede do Coronado, in Trofa, Porto district, Portugal. It was founded in 1924, being among the largest companies of its kind in Portugal.
Bial is today an International Pharmaceutical Group. Its products are to be found in pharmacies in more than 40 countries in 4 continents: Europe, America, Africa and Asia. Some of the group companies are: Laboratórios Bial, Medibial, Bialfar, Bialport, Bial Aristegui, Medimport and Medangol.
Research and products.
In 2008, Bial completed clinical evaluation of BIA 2-093 (Eslicarbazepine acetate), a new drug for the adjunctive use in partial seizures in adults with epilepsy. It is marketed as Zebinix or Exalief in Europe and as Stedesa in America.
Fundação Bial.
Established in 1994, the Bial Foundation Scientific Research Grants have become increasingly popular. Forty-eight applications were received in 1994, and by 2002 this figure had risen to 149, while 169 projects were submitted in 2004. Several projects have already been supported, involving many researchers from over 21 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2931887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931887" title="Euryanassa">
Euryanassa

In Greek mythology, Euryanassa (Εὐρυάνασσα) is a name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931891" title="Brother Rice High School">
Brother Rice High School

Brother Rice High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931899" title="Eurythemista">
Eurythemista

In Greek mythology, the name Eurythemista or Eurythemiste () may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2931906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931906" title="The Architects of Fear">
The Architects of Fear

"The Architects of Fear" is an episode of the original "The Outer Limits" television show. It first aired on 30 September 1963, during the first season.
Introduction.
Certain that the Cold War will lead to mankind's destruction, a cabal of scientists decide that they must act to save the world. A film of a nuclear missile attack is shown as people run for shelter is seen before the plot.
Plot.
The world has entered a Cold War-esque setting in which nuclear holocaust appears imminent. In the hope of staving off an apocalyptic military confrontation between nations, an idealistic group of scientists working at United Labs plans to stage a fake alien invasion of Earth in an effort to unite all humanity against a perceived, common enemy. The scientists have managed to study the planetary conditions on the planet Theta. They draw lots, and physicist Dr. Allen Leighton is chosen to undergo radical surgical procedures that will transform him into a projected figure from a planet with a different atmosphere. Leighton's death is faked, and the bizarre series of transplants and modifications to his body proceed. His wife, Yvette, persists in not believing he is dead; she feels sympathetic pain as Allen suffers on the operating table. Complications arise when the effects of Leighton's transformation extend beyond his physical appearance and begin to affect his mind, a situation compounded by the scientist's strong psychic link to his pregnant wife.
The scientists' plan is for Dr. Leighton, as the Thetan creature equipped with an energy weapon and spaceship, to land at the United Nations in an effort to create initial panic. This panic, in theory, will be resolved as the world unites to fight the invader. Leighton, now a perfect simulation of an inhabitant of the planet Theta, is launched into orbit as a weather satellite but the mission goes awry when the spaceship comes down off course and lands in a wooded area near the United Labs facility. After disintegrating their station wagon with his laser pistol, Allen is severely wounded by three duck hunters armed with shotguns as he emerges from the underbrush. In a futile attempt to possibly heal his wounds, Allen stumbles back to the lab. Yvette again feels his pain and hurries to the lab looking for her husband. She arrives as the Thetan enters and collapses to the floor. Before dying of mortal wounds, the creature demonstrates "the mark against evil", a personal gesture - touching a finger to the lips, and then to the forehead - which they once shared, and Yvette then realizes the horrifying truth that the alien is, in fact, her husband.
Censorship.
The "bear" in this episode, the monstrously-altered Allen Leighton, was judged by some of ABC's local affiliate stations to be so frightening that they broadcast a black screen during the Thetan's appearances, effectively censoring most of the show's last act. In other parts of the United States, the Thetan footage was tape delayed until after the 11 o'clock evening news. In others, it was not shown at all. It should be noted that unlike today where film series are transferred to video tape for transmission, up until the mid-1980s film series were broadcast live from the film print via telecine. 
The sequence involving the Thetan's encounter with the duck hunters was shot at M.G.M.'s Backlot #3.

</doc>
<doc id="2931907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931907" title="As for One Day">
As for One Day

"As for One Day" is the eighteenth single of J-pop idol group Morning Musume and was released April 23, 2003. It sold a total of 129,893 copies. This single also marked the graduation of second generation member Kei Yasuda. This was the last single to hit #1 until 2006's "Aruiteru". The first pressing comes with a sticker.

</doc>
<doc id="2931914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931914" title="J. H. Haverly">
J. H. Haverly

Jack H. Haverly (1837-1901) or J. H. Haverly was an entrepreneur and promoter of blackface minstrel shows. During the 1870s and 1880s, he created an entertainment empire centered on his minstrel troupes, particularly Haverly's United Mastodon Minstrels and Haverly's Colored Minstrels. Under his guidance, these troupes grew to impressive sizes and featured elaborate sets and costumes. They toured widely, enlarging minstrelsy's audience to encompass the entire United States as well as England. Haverly's methods sparked a revolution in minstrelsy as other troupes scrambled to compete. As the costs of minstrelsy increased, many troupes went out of business.
Early endeavors.
Haverly was one of a new wave of theater troupe owners and managers who had not entered the profession as a performer himself. He borrowed the spectacular techniques of famous showmen like P. T. Barnum to promote his theater companies. In the late 1870s, he turned his eye to the lifeless minstrel show, observing that other entertainments, such as stage plays, operas, and variety shows, had "increased and enlarged their dimensions until their proportions and attractive qualities appeared unlimited." Minstrelsy, on the other hand, had remained much as it had been in the days of the Virginia Minstrels and Ethiopian Serenaders.
His answer would be a company of minstrels "that for extraordinary excellence, merit, and magnitude astonish and satisfy the most exacting amusement seeker in the world." He gathered up a large pool of talented performers and combined them into a single troupe. Aiming his advertisements at the family market and emphasizing his shows' freedom from base humor, they toured the whole United States, not just the Northeastern circuit to which minstrelsy had previously been mostly limited.
Haverly's success in minstrelsy allowed him to finance other ventures. At the height of his fortune, he owned and managed three minstrel troupes and four comic theater groups, in addition to three theaters in New York and one in each of Brooklyn, Chicago, and San Francisco, three mining and milling companies, as well as stock in many others. Haverly's stock investments did not perform as he had wished, and by the end of 1877, he was in debt by as much as $104,000. However, he tried to skirt bankruptcy with another gamble.
Haverly's United Mastodon Minstrels.
With four minstrel companies as his raw materials, he created a single troupe, dubbed Haverly's United Mastodon Minstrels. He flooded New York with posters and newspaper advertisements twice the size of the ads placed by other troupes. These trumpeted the Mastodons' size: "FORTY—COUNT 'EM—40" members. He paraded his minstrels through every city they played, preceded by a brass band. In 1878, he added a drum corps that could play simultaneously in another section of town. He found other ways to emphasize the troupe's size, one being a series of curtains pulled back in succession, each revealing more than a dozen men standing behind it.
Haverly's shows were also more visually stunning than anything that had preceded them. One program read, "The attention of the public is respectfully called to the magnificent scene representing a Turkish Barbaric Palace in Silver and Gold", and the production delivered what had been promised. In addition, a lavish royal palace appeared at one point, followed by a succession of non-connected scenes: "Base-Ball", "The Strong Defending the Weak," "United We Stand," and "The Dying Athlete". The show ended with a circus-like production in the tradition of Barnum. The show represented Haverly's mantra as a producer: "I've got only one method, and that is to find out what the people want and then give them that thing . . . . There's no use trying to force the public into a theater."
Haverly's shows were different, and he took every opportunity to emphasize this in his advertisements. He stressed the high costs of production. He continued to purchase minstrel troupes throughout the 1870s and 80s and to absorb them into the Mastodons. The troupe had over 100 members at one point.
Haverly's Colored Minstrels.
Meanwhile, Haverly entered the market of black minstrelsy and bought Charles Callender's Original Georgia Minstrels in 1878, renaming them Haverly's Colored Minstrels. Haverly promoted the troupe with the same panache he employed for the Mastodons, and he bought other black troupes to increase their size. He also reinforced the belief that black minstrels were authentic portrayers of African American life by moving to a format of almost all plantation-themed material. In place of Turkish baths, audiences got "THE DARKY AS HE IS AT HOME, DARKY LIFE IN THE CORNFIELD, CANEBRAKE, BARNYARD, AND ON THE LEVEE AND FLATBOAT". In 1880, he even went so far as to create a mock plantation in a Boston field with over a hundred black actors in costume, including "overseers, bloodhounds and darkies at work ... indulging in songs, dances antics peculiar to their people" In 1881 the 65-strong Haverly's Colored Minstrels opened at Her Majesty's Theatre in London, where "The Times" wrote: "There can be no doubt of the spontaneity of the outbursts of sound, or of the enjoyment with which the performers take part in the dances and frolics of the evening. The heartiness of their fun seems to communicate itself to the audience." Peter Fryer notes, "There were 20 dancers, a banjo orchestra, and 8 players of bones and 8 of tambourines -16 musicians who sat in two rows on the stage and made 'a most picturesque display in unison'." The huge troupe was successful, but Haverly found it difficult to manage both them and the Mastodons. He sold the Georgia Minstrels to Charles and Gustave Frohman in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="2931917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931917" title="Pooch Café">
Pooch Café

Pooch Café is a Canadian and American comic strip written and illustrated by Paul Gilligan.
Overview.
Pooch Café is a comic strip that follows the humorous antics of a self-serving, squirrel-fearing, food-obsessed, toilet-drinking mutt named Poncho.
The strip follows Poncho's life with his master, Chazz, and Chazz's cat-loving wife, Carmen (who owns a brood of six cats), and Poncho's adventures with his fellow dogs Boomer, Hudson, Droolia (a female Bullmastiff with a drooling problem), Gus (a Scottish Terrier), Beaumont (or "Bobo", the owner of the titular cafe), Poo Poo (a Bichon Frise), and a zen goldfish named "Fish". Other semi-recurring characters are Tito (the garbage man), Sheldon (a pigeon with a pork pie hat), and Margo (the dog-walker). The strip takes its name from the cafe where Poncho and his friends gather to compare notes about life among the humans.
The universe of the comic strip is one in which dogs are recognizably canine in some of their behavior but with many anthropomorphic traits. For example, Chazz, Carmen and other human characters are able to talk not just to Poncho but to Poncho's dog friends as well, all seeming to speak the same language. The dogs however are unable to communicate with cats - who speak only cat—and therefore the cats are rarely seen speaking. Fish for some reason is able to speak all languages.
Many people attach commendable characteristics to dogs, such as loyalty and unconditional love. However, Poncho embodies other less-dwelt-upon traits; he's greedy and self-serving, a fact of which he is blissfully aware. Poncho hates cats with a passion, and dreams of the day he and his canine companions can catapult all the cats of the world into the sun. This plan is often referred to during the dogs' "Catapult-All-Cats-Into-The-Sun" meetings, which are led by Boomer. Chazz and Carmen are often driven to their wits' end by his constant schemes, but still love him unconditionally, tough though it may be. Poncho also holds a grudge against Carmen for coming between the sacred master/dog relationship he shares with Chazz, and also for forcing them to live with cats. He often designs schemes to pit the couple against each other, delighting in any turmoil that subsequently ensues.
The strip is set in contemporary North America. Poncho appears in most of the strips, while a small number focus on other supporting characters. The broad themes of the strip deal with Poncho’s misadventures, his unique views on cats and his relationships and interactions with other characters in his society.
Pooch Café is syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate after a short time with Copley's syndicate, and currently appears in approximately 275 papers worldwide. There are two book collections, (temporarily out of print but being reprinted in spring 2009) and a third book entitled “Bark to Work Legislation”.
The creator runs a blog, where fans can connect with Paul Gilligan and interact with other fans on its message board. There has even been some speculation that a few recent strips may have been influenced during this open fan/author dialogue.
Recurring subject matter.
Some recurring themes in the strip include: Poncho's dislike of cats; the giant cat-catapult the dogs are trying to build to hurl all the Earth's cats into the Sun; his fear of the squirrels in the backyard; his weakness for the use of Havarti cheese as a bargaining tool; his longing to taste Zebra; his infatuation with Jackie Chan; Carmen's not-so-secret crush on Justin Timberlake; Chazz's embarrassment of having to hold an umbrella over Poncho while he does his business in rainy weather; his timid skunk friend "Stinky" who goes off with very little provocation; his attempts to please and improve the life of his friend Fish by taking him for walks or setting him up on on-line dates; his attempts to incur a positive kharmic balance by helping the personality-impaired pigeon Sheldon; his emotional connection to his Plank Of Wood, a remnant from the porch he was born under many years ago, various body parts that resemble urges: such as the stomach for hunger or the brain for cleverness.
Award nominations.
Pooch Café was nominated for "Best Comic Strip" by the National Cartoonists Society in 2008; the award is referred to as the Reuben Award. [http://poochcafe.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/reuben-entry-2008.jpg]
Collections.
As of 2008, three book collections were published.
Paul Gilligan self-published a fourth book in September 2011 called Poncho: Year One - a puppy's life. It is a collection of strips in the form of a graphic novel which spans 18 months of the strip telling the story of the first year of Poncho's life.
Film.
In January 2008, Paul Gilligan, the comic strip's author, revealed on his website that Sony Pictures Animation has signed to make a computer-animated feature film based on the strip. Gilligan then wrote several story treatments and screenplay drafts.
In October 2011, it was announced that Kelly Asbury had been hired to write the next script draft. In April 2013, on a Twitter Q/A session, Gilligan responded to a question whether there will be a "Pooch Cafe" film: "Alas, Poncho's movie plans got scuttled by a certain director who I won't bother naming..."

</doc>
<doc id="2931923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931923" title="1935–36 European Rugby League Championship">
1935–36 European Rugby League Championship

This was the second European Championship held and was won by Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2931936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931936" title="October 19 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)">
October 19 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)

October 18 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - October 20
Fixed commemorations.
All fixed commemorations below are observed on November 1 by Old Calendarists

</doc>
<doc id="2931940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931940" title="Iberomoldes">
Iberomoldes

Iberomoldes is one of the largest mould engineering and product development groups in the world, with about 1400 employees. The company's headquarters are in Marinha Grande, Portugal, it has engineering offices in the UK,China, Brasil and Sweden. The Iberomoldes group exports 95% of its services and products to several leading international companies. 
Iberomoldes Group is composed for 17 companies. Iber-Oleff, Anibal Abrantes, Edilasio, SET, Potumolde are some big companies of the group.
History.
Iberomoldes Group was founded in 1975 (co-founded by Henrique Neto) as a design and marketing company for plastic moulds. Now Joaquim Menezes is owner of group

</doc>
<doc id="2931967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931967" title="Royal Observatory">
Royal Observatory

Royal Observatory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2931976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931976" title="Flight of the Behemoth">
Flight of the Behemoth

Flight of the Behemoth is the second album by Sunn O))). Significantly, the band collaborated with Japanese noise artist Merzbow, who mixed tracks 3 and 4, and used drum machine and vocals on the track "F.W.T.B.T.".
"F.W.T.B.T." is an interpretation of Metallica's "For Whom the Bell Tolls". While the band did try to follow the original structure and riffing of the song, the intent was not to copy the original, but to rewrite the song for themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="2931981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931981" title="Shabondama (Morning Musume song)">
Shabondama (Morning Musume song)

This single marks the debut of the "sixth generation" members Miki Fujimoto (who came from a Hello! Project solo career), Reina Tanaka, Eri Kamei and Sayumi Michishige. Once the sixth generation joined, it made it the group's biggest formation yet, with 15 members. Like "Do It! Now" and "As for One Day", "Shabondama" was used as an image song for Quidam, a Cirque du Soleil show. It was released in two editlons, a regular and a limited editlon coming with fifteen photocards and comes in special packaging.
Track listing.
All lyrics are composed by Tsunku.
Members at time of the release.
SHABONdama Vocalists
Main Vocal: Ishikawa Rika, Kago Ai, Takahashi Ai, Tanaka Reina
Center Vocal: Iida Kaori, Yaguchi Mari, Yoshizawa Hitomi, Niigaki Risa, Tsuji Nozomi, Fujimoto Miki
Minor Vocal: Abe Natsumi, Konno Asami, Ogawa Makoto, Kamei Eri, Michishige Sayumi

</doc>
<doc id="2931987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931987" title="Persia White">
Persia White

Persia White is an American actress and musician. White is known for her role as Lynn Searcy on the sitcom "Girlfriends". She is also a member of the industrial rock band XEO3 and a solo singer, who released her debut album "Mecca" in 2009.
Early life.
White is one of four children born to a white mother and a black father. Her early years were spent in the Bahamas. White's father was paralyzed in a car accident when she was three. He later moved to Miami to seek better medical care. White's mother moved with her children to the South Florida area two years later, but did not reunite with White's father.
White later joined the Miami Coconut Grove Children's Theater. As a teen, she studied dance, acting, singing, and painting. After high school, White signed with the Ford Agency and obtained her Screen Actors Guild card. She then moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
Career.
White has appeared in various independent films, including "Red Letters" (opposite Peter Coyote) and the cult horror "Blood Dolls". She starred in the made-for-TV movies "Operation Sandman" (opposite Ron Perlman), and "Suddenly", opposite Kirstie Alley. Her television work includes guest starring roles on "Angel", "NYPD Blue", "The Steve Harvey Show", "Brooklyn South", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", as well as a series regular role on "Breaker High" with co-star Ryan Gosling. In 2008, White appeared in "The Fall of Night", as the character Dawn. She can also be seen in Chrisette Michele's video, "Be OK".
In addition to acting, White also co-produced the award-winning documentary "Earthlings", narrated by Joaquin Phoenix. In July 2011, White won the award for Best Performance By An Actor in the American Black Film Festival for her work in "Dysfunctional Friends".
She also appeared as Bonnie's mother on The Vampire Diaries in a semi-recurring role.
Personal life.
White, who is a vegan, is a human and animal rights advocate, and environmentalist. She was honored by PETA as a 2005 Humanitarian of the Year.
She is a board member for the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society.
"Mecca".
Mecca is Persia White's debut album. It was released digitally on October 31, 2009, and on CD on December 8, 2009. The title comes from the name of White's daughter. The final three songs on the album were all featured on the TV series "Girlfriends" which White acted in.

</doc>
<doc id="2931988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2931988" title="Padmavati (Jainism)">
Padmavati (Jainism)

Padmāvatī is the protective goddess of Pārśva, twenty-third tirthankara in Jainism. She enjoys an independent religious life and is very popular amongst Jains. According to the Digambara tradition, Padmavati and her husband Dharanendra protected Pārśva when he was harassed by Meghalin. Svetambara tradition, however, does not list Padmavati among the main queens of Dharanendra.

</doc>
<doc id="2932011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932011" title="Standard test image">
Standard test image

A standard test image is a digital image file used across different institutions to test image processing and image compression algorithms. By using the same standard test images, different labs are able to compare results, both visually and quantitatively.
The images are in many cases chosen to represent natural or typical images that a class of processing techniques would need to deal with. Other test images are chosen because they present a range of challenges to image reconstruction algorithms, such as the reproduction of fine detail and textures, sharp transitions and edges, and uniform regions.
Historical origins.
Test images as transmission system calibration material probably date back to the original Paris to Lyon fax link. Analogue Fax equipment (and photographic equipment for the printing trade) were the largest user groups of the standardized image for calibration technology until the coming of television and digital image transmission systems.
Common test images.
The standard size of the images are usually 512×512 or 720×576. Most of these images are available as TIFF files from the University of Southern California's Signal and Image Processing Institute. Kodak has released a set of 24 768×512 images, available as PNGs, that are widely used for comparing image compression techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="2932027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932027" title="1936–37 European Rugby League Championship">
1936–37 European Rugby League Championship

This was the third European Championship and was won for the second consecutive time by Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2932037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932037" title="Poiesis">
Poiesis

Poïesis () is etymologically derived from the ancient term ποιέω, which means "to make". This word, the root of our modern "poetry", was first a verb, an action that transforms and continues the world. Neither technical production nor creation in the romantic sense, "poïetic" work reconciles thought with matter and time, and person with the world. It is also used as a suffix, as in the biological term hematopoiesis, the formation of blood cells.
There are two forms of poiesis: Autopoiesis and Allopoiesis
In the Symposium (a Socratic dialogue written by Plato), Diotima describes how mortals strive for immortality in relation to poiesis. In all begetting and bringing forth upon the beautiful there is a kind of making/creating or poiesis. In this genesis there is a movement beyond the temporal cycle of birth and decay. "Such a movement can occur in three kinds of poiesis: (1) Natural poiesis through sexual procreation, (2) poiesis in the city through the attainment of heroic fame, and, finally, (3) poiesis in the soul through the cultivation of virtue and knowledge."
Whereas Plato, according to the "Timaeus", regards "physis" as the result of "poiesis", viz. the "poiesis" of the demiurge who creates from ideas, Aristotle considers "poiesis" as an imitation of "physis". In short, the form or idea, which precedes the "physis", contrasts with the living, which is the innate principle or form of self-motion. In other words, the technomorphic paradigm contrasts with the biomorphic; the theory of nature as a whole with the theory of the living individual.
Martin Heidegger refers to it as a 'bringing-forth', using this term in its widest sense. He explained poiesis as the blooming of the blossom, the coming-out of a butterfly from a cocoon, the plummeting of a waterfall when the snow begins to melt. The last two analogies underline Heidegger's example of a threshold occasion: a moment of ecstasis when something moves away from its standing as one thing to become another.
In literary studies, at least two fields draw on the etymology of "poiesis": ecopoetics and zoopoetics. As "eco" derives from the root "oikos" meaning "house, home, or hearth," then ecopoetics explores how language can help cultivate (or make) a sense of dwelling on the earth. Zoopoetics explores how animals (zoo) shape the making of a text.
In their 2011 academic book, All Things Shining, Hubert Dreyfus and Sean Dorrance Kelly conclude that embracing a "meta-poietic" mindset is the best, if not the only, method to authenticate meaning in our secular times: ""Meta-poiesis", as one might call it, steers between the twin dangers of the secular age: it resists nihilism by reappropriating the sacred phenomenon of "physis", but cultivates the skill to resist "physis" in its abhorrent, fanatical form. Living well in our secular, nihilistic age, therefore, requires the higher-order skill of recognizing when to rise up as one with the ecstatic crowd and when to turn heel and walk rapidly away."
Furthermore, Dreyfus and Dorrance Kelly urge each person to become a sort of "craftsman" whose responsibility it is to refine their faculty for poiesis in order to achieve existential meaning in their lives and to reconcile their bodies with whatever transcendence there is to be had in life itself: "The task of the craftsman is not to "generate" the meaning, but rather to "cultivate" in himself the skill for "discerning" the meanings that are "already there.""

</doc>
<doc id="2932039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932039" title="Viktor Kozlov">
Viktor Kozlov

Viktor Nikolayevich Kozlov (; born 14 February 1975) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Kozlov was drafted by the San Jose Sharks in the first round as the sixth overall selection in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. Viktor scored his first career goal for the Sharks against Ed Belfour and the Chicago Blackhawks on 21 March 1995 in a 7-3 Sharks loss. He would play a few seasons in San Jose before being traded to the Florida Panthers on 13 November 1997. It would be in Florida, playing with Pavel Bure, that Kozlov would have his best years. His best season was during the 1999–2000 season when he set career highs in assists and points. He played with the Panthers until 1 March 2004, when he was traded to the New Jersey Devils for Christian Berglund and Victor Uchevatov.
During the NHL lockout that wiped out the 2004–05 NHL season, Kozlov played for Lada Togliatti in the Russian Superleague (RSL). However, he returned to the Devils when the NHL started up again.
Kozlov was signed as a free agent by the New York Islanders in 2006. On 3 December 2006, he recorded his second career hat trick and first career four-goal game [http://www.nhl.com/scores/htmlreports/20062007/GS020391.HTM] as the Islanders defeated the rival New York Rangers 7–4 at Madison Square Garden. The four goals gave him a total of six in a 24 hour period — he had scored twice the previous night in Pittsburgh against the Penguins.
On 1 July 2007, Kozlov signed a two-year contract with the Washington Capitals. On 15 April 2009, after 15 NHL seasons Kozlov scored his first playoff goal as a member of the Capitals.
On 9 June 2009, Salavat Yulaev Ufa signed Kozlov to a three-year contract.
International play.
Played for Russia in:

</doc>
<doc id="2932044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932044" title="Chakreshvari">
Chakreshvari

In Jain cosmology, Chakeshvari or "Apraticakra" is the guardian goddess or Yakshini (attendant deity) of Rishabha, the first Tirthankara. She is the tutelary deity of the Sarawagi Jain community.
Iconogrphy.
The color of the godd↑ess is golden. Her Vehicle is the Garuda. She has eight arms. She is shown with a chakra in one of her hands.
Temple of Chakreshvari.
In Punjab, at village Attewali there is a famous temple of Goddess Chakreshvari.

</doc>
<doc id="2932046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932046" title="Go Girl (Koi no Victory)">
Go Girl (Koi no Victory)

The title song was covered in Chinese on Taiwanese Hello! Project group Ice Creamusume's debut mini-album 1st Best!.
The song was used as the drama Victory! Footgirls no Seishun's theme song. A limited editlon was also released coming with sixteen photocards and a M logo photo holder.

</doc>
<doc id="2932047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932047" title="Free list">
Free list

A free list is a data structure used in a scheme for dynamic memory allocation. It operates by connecting unallocated regions of memory together in a linked list, using the first word of each unallocated region as a pointer to the next. It is most suitable for allocating from a memory pool, where all objects have the same size.
Free lists make the allocation and deallocation operations very simple. To free a region, one would just link it to the free list. To allocate a region, one would simply remove a single region from the end of the free list and use it. If the regions are variable-sized, one may have to search for a region of large enough size, which can be expensive.
Free lists have the disadvantage, inherited from linked lists, of poor locality of reference and so poor data cache utilization, and they do not automatically consolidate adjacent regions to fulfill allocation requests for large regions, unlike the buddy allocation system. Nevertheless, they're still useful in a variety of simple applications where a full-blown memory allocator is unnecessary or requires too much overhead.

</doc>
<doc id="2932055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932055" title="October 20 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)">
October 20 (Eastern Orthodox liturgics)

Oct. 19 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - Oct. 21
Fixed commemorations.
All fixed commemorations below are observed on November 2 by Old Calendarists
Other Commemorations.
Translation of the relics of New Monk-martyr Ignatius of Bulgaria and Mt. Athos (1814) from Constantinople to Mt. Athos. 

</doc>
<doc id="2932061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932061" title="Come Together Now">
Come Together Now

"Come Together Now" is a charity single made to benefit the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake and Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The song was written by Sharon Stone, Damon Sharpe, Mark Feist, and Denise Rich and released on November 21, 2005.
Song information.
The song's origin was an inspiration by the magnitude of human suffering and tragedy that touched so many lives after the tsunami disaster in December 2004. In Hurricane Katrina's wake Stone, Sharpe, Feist, and Rich used the song as a combined effort to raise funds for the two global tragedies. Feist and Sharpe also served as producers. Mark Feist also wrote the musical arrangement.
Performers.
The line-up of artists includes:
The following musicians played on the song:
Strings were arranged and conducted by Bill Meyers. Jon Gass served as engineer.
Charts.
"Come Together Now" peaked at number thirteen on the Hot 100 Singles Sales and number thirty-nine on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="2932065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932065" title="CTT Correios de Portugal, S.A.">
CTT Correios de Portugal, S.A.

CTT Correios de Portugal, S.A.—meaning Postal Services of Portugal, plc—is the national postal service of Portugal. The acronym CTT comes from Correios, Telégrafos e Telefones—Post, Telegraph and Telephone—the former name of the postal administration. CTT has become a public limited company in 1991, and in December 2013 the shares were listed on Euronext Lisbon.
In 2007, CTT started to offer a mobile phone service in Portugal, under the brand name Phone-ix.
CTT was also the designation of the postal services of the former Portuguese Colonies. It is still the designation of the Macau Postal Service.
The CTT group.
The CTT group includes the following subsidiaries:

</doc>
<doc id="2932073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932073" title="Tonight">
Tonight

Tonight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932078" title="Playing with Fire (N-Dubz song)">
Playing with Fire (N-Dubz song)

"Playing with Fire" is a song by English hip-hop trio, N-Dubz featuring Mr Hudson. The song is the second single taken from N-Dubz' second album, "Against All Odds". The meaning of the song is a girl realizing that her boyfriend is cheating on her and trying to get him to confess. It shows both the man and the woman's point of view. It shows their communications with each other when the woman confronts the man. 
Background and release.
Mr Hudson announced via his Facebook site that N-Dubz and he had recorded the song and shot the video. The single was to be released on 11 January but was pushed to 25 January because the previous date was the same as the single release of Mr Hudson's other collaboration with Jay-Z, "Young Forever". It was then pushed forward to 18 January.
Critical reception.
Nick Levine of Digital Spy gave the song a positive review. "Their Tinchy duet's been longlisted for Best British Single, but would it have killed the Brits panel to give N-Dubz a proper nod? After all, the Camden crew are now a sufficiently mainstream concern to count Gary Barlow as a songwriting partner, spearhead a charity single, and... erm... get themselves a ticking off from the School's Secretary. Anyway, a single like 'Playing with Fire' shows why they've risen from the pirates to the Radio1 A-list. With its catchy call-and-response chorus and easily relatable lyrics - Dappy plays the no-good-cheating-sod, Tulisa the smart cookie who calls him out - it's another contemporary pop cracker from the trio. Mr Hudson even turns up for a savvy bit of fanbase-mashing. Just one thing - in the light of recent events, it's hard not to fear for Tulisa's blood pressure when she starts singing about checking Dappy's texts. Let's be honest, That Other Woman could be the least of her worries..." 
Music video.
The video was shot by production company LUT! MED!A and director RAGE in Central London near Tower Bridge. A few seconds of the video was shown on the album advert and images from the video and behind the scenes are featured on the album booklet. The video premiered on Clubland TV on 19 November 2009. All Around the World uploaded the video on their YouTube channel the next day. The video starts with skyscrapers and a transparent "N-Dubz" logo, it then reads "Playing with Fire" with the word "Fire" in a large font on fire. We then see each member of N-Dubz with their names on the screen, we then see Mr Hudson with "featuring Mr Hudson" on the screen, it uses Mr Hudson's official logo. The video cuts to N-Dubz and Mr Hudson performing in front of Tower Bridge throughout the video. Mr Hudson sings his verses in front of a set of telephone boxes. Dappy is then seen in an apartment cheating on his girlfriend and getting caught, his girlfriend walks out the room and is then seen crying. Tulisa is in a hotel room watching her boyfriend sleep, she then takes his phone and starts reading his texts, she looks disgusted then wakes her boyfriend up, they begin to fight and Tulisa storms out of the room and gets into a limo and begins to cry. Fazer is seen driving a car with a girl in the passenger seat, they begin to fight and Fazer rings up his mates G-RYD to help solve his issues. The video ends with the N-Dubz logo. The video received over 10 million views on YouTube before the single was released. It now has over seventeen million views.

</doc>
<doc id="2932080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932080" title="1858 San Diego hurricane">
1858 San Diego hurricane

The 1858 San Diego hurricane was a very rare California hurricane. It is the only known tropical cyclone to impact California as a hurricane, although other systems impacted California as tropical storms.
Meteorological history.
Late in September, a hurricane formed in the East Pacific Ocean. Unlike most east Pacific storms, this one accelerated towards the north-northeast. On October 2, it neared Southern California while weakening due to cool water and strong wind shear. It just missed making landfall, while it turned to the west-northwest. It approached Santa Catalina Island in the Channel Islands and dissipated. There is some uncertainty to this reconstructed path.
Impact.
In San Diego, the rain was very heavy, and the property damage was great; many homes lost their roofs, while a few homes even collapsed. In addition, trees were uprooted, and fences destroyed. A recently constructed windmill was also blown away completely. Three schooners, the "Plutus", the "Lovely Flora", and the "X.L." were blown ashore, though only the "X.L." suffered major damage.
Rainfall in San Pedro was also heavy, but high winds were not reported. Parts of the embankment in the city were washed away, causing only around US$100 ($ today) in damage. The yacht "Medora" was washed ashore. Many reports claimed that the yacht was irreparable, but it was later claimed that the damage wasn't actually that great and could be repaired. A barge was destroyed, as was a large portion of the San Pedro wharf.
El Monte was buffeted by high winds, damaging corn crops and trees. Los Angeles and Visalia noted large amounts of rain, as much as , but low winds.
Two researchers with NOAA Michael Chenoweth and Christopher Landsea reconstructed the path of the hurricane using accounts from newspapers of the strong winds. They estimated that if the storm hit in 2004, it would have caused around $500 million in damage.

</doc>
<doc id="2932099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932099" title="Peavey (tool)">
Peavey (tool)

A peavey or peavey hook is a logging tool consisting of a handle, generally from 30 to 50 inches long (0.75 to 1.25 m), with a metal spike protruding from the end. The spike is rammed into a log, then a hook (at the end of an arm attached to a pivot a short distance up the handle) grabs the log at a second location. Once engaged, the handle gives the operator leverage to roll or slide or float the log to a new position.
The peavey was named for blacksmith Joseph Peavey of Upper Stillwater, Maine, who invented the tool as a refinement to the cant hook (also known as a "cant dog") in the 1850s. Many lumberjacks use the terms interchangeably, though a peavey will have a spike in the end of the handle, and a cant dog will have a blunt end or possibly small teeth for friction.
The Peavey Manufacturing Co. is still located in Maine and manufactures several variations.

</doc>
<doc id="2932102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932102" title="Northwestern District">
Northwestern District

The AA Northwestern District is a high school conference in the state of Virginia that includes Frederick County and Warren County. The Northwestern District member schools compete in Region II with the schools from the AA Dulles District, AA Jefferson District, and AA Evergreen District.
The Northwestern District was not originally known for being strong in football, yet the 2005 season brought about the dominance of Sherando and Liberty and the emergence of James Wood, Millbrook, and Brentsville as solid football teams.In 2007 Sherando reached the state finals. In basketball, the 2005 Millbrook squad finished second in the region and fell in the state quarterfinals, one year after a last place finish in the district in their inaugural year. In 2008 the Millbrook squad won the state finals bringing the first state championship in basketball to the area.
Membership Changes.
The Northwestern District has faced a great deal of change throughout its history. Due to the high rate of growth in Northern Virginia and the northern Shenandoah Valley, many former members have moved up to Group AAA for periods of time, such as James Wood and Sherando. The Northwestern District also experienced a large increase in membership of Loudoun County schools in the late 1990s and early 2000s which prompted the creation of an all-Loudoun County Dulles District in 2001. In 2007, Liberty High School moved to the AAA Cedar Run District of the AAA Northwest Region, and Warren County High School split in half to form Skyline High School.
2008 will see the addition of the Kettle Run High School Cougars in Fauquier County. The Cougars will compete in the Northwestern District as a full member in all sports but football, where they will play an independent varsity schedule for 2008.
2009 could bring even more change to the Northwestern District. Former members Liberty and Fauquier will be AA size again due to Kettle Run's opening, which has led to discussion on whether the district will be a ten-team entity after losing Central to Group A, or if it will split into two five-team districts. Such a split would likely see the three Frederick County schools join with Handley and one of the Warren County schools, while the three Fauquier County schools joined with the other Warren school and Brentsville. As of January 23, the VHSL still plans for the Northwestern District to include all ten teams.
The district was granted an appeal to the VHSL to split into two districts for 2009. The plan would be for Millbrook, Sherando, James Wood, Handley and Skyline to keep the Northwestern District name, and Brentsvile, Warren County, Fauquier, Liberty and Kettle Run to form the new AA Evergreen District. Despite the proximity of both Culpeper and Eastern View High Schools to the Northeastern District members other than Warren County (Culpeper is now in the AAA Cedar Run District with Liberty and Fauquier, and will also drop to AA), the two Culpeper schools will compete in Region I. Had those schools been part of the plan, Warren County would almost certainly have moved to the Northwestern District, keeping it with county rival Skyline.

</doc>
<doc id="2932114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932114" title="San Martín de los Andes">
San Martín de los Andes

San Martín de los Andes is a city in the . It is located in the Lácar Department in the south-west of the province, at the foot of the Andes,
History.
At the time of the founding of San Martín de los Andes the valley of Chapelco were sparsely populated by indigenous Puelches who used it as a refuge during the harsh winters of the zone. The Puelches had since colonial times engage in trade with the Huilliches on the eastern slope of the Andes through various mountain passes. Puelches raised horses on the eastern slopes of the Andes and traded them for weapons and alcoholic beverages becoming one of the main food providers of the isolated exclave of Valdivia. The Argentine and Chilean military campaigns; the conquest of the Desert and the occupation of Araucanía; in the second half of the 19th century bought a definitive end to this trade. 
In 1898 a military expedition arrived to the zone to take a definitive control of the zone due to increasing border disputes with Chile. The Boundary treaty of 1881 between Chile and Argentina led to disputes whether the main Andean cordillera or the continental divide should serve as border in this latitude. Chilean authorities argued that since Lácar Lake drained into the Pacific the area of San Martín should belong to Chile. The Argentine government was also concerned about the zone's dependence on trade with Chile, just like in Bariloche and other parts of the southern Andes. San Martín de los Andes, modeled like a European style alpine village, was founded on 4 February 1898. Following the founding the main economic activities were wood logging and husbandry. 
A major change in settlement life came when in 1937 Lanín National Park was created. This meant that wood logging was gradually reduced and numerous small settlements along the lake shore disappeared. New roads were built effectively connecting San Martín with the rest of Argentina. This led to an increased trade that almost ended local husbandry and agriculture. In the 1970s with the help of bank credits many tourism enterprises were established in San Martín making the town up to this day an important tourism center, specially during winter when the ski pistes are open.
Tourism.
At present, either for the ski season or the summer it is a popular destination for tourism, and the seat of the administration headquarters of the Lanín National Park. Its landscape is one of the most spectacular of Patagonia.
Climate.
San Martín de los Andes has a cool ocean-influenced climate, on the boundary between Mediterranean (Köppen "Csb"), oceanic ("Cfb") and subpolar oceanic ("Cfc"). Being shielded somewhat by the Andes in Chile, it is much less wet and more sunny than Chilean Patagonia, but still is very susceptible to heavy storms during the winter which tend to produce a mixture of rain and snow when they manage to retain some moisture over the Andean divide. However, when it is not raining or snowing heavily, the weather can be extremely sunny and beautiful, though the nights under these conditions are chilly and frost has occurred even during the summer.
Sports.
Athletic Curruhinca, an amateur soccer team, with the entire squad from San Martin de los Andes, won the title "Copa Cablevision" in December 15 of 2013, becoming the first amateur soccer champion in the big metropolis Buenos Aires originally coming from this city.

</doc>
<doc id="2932119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932119" title="1938 European Rugby League Championship">
1938 European Rugby League Championship

This was the fourth European Championship and was won by Wales for the third time in a row. The tri-nation tournament was played between January and April 1938 as single round robin games between England, France and Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="2932120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932120" title="Ai Araba It's All Right">
Ai Araba It's All Right

, commonly abbreviated to "AiAra", is the twenty-first single of J-pop idol group Morning Musume; both the single itself and the Single V were released on January 21, 2004. It sold a total of 108,368 copies, reaching a peak of #2 on the weekly Oricon charts and charting for seven weeks, while the Single V reached a peak of #6 and charted for eight weeks on the Oricon DVD charts.The single placed 89th on the overall year's chart for 2004. The single also marked the graduation of one of the founding members of Morning Musume, Natsumi Abe, who also went on to have a solo career within Hello! Project. The limited edition comes with a 52-page photobook featuring the members and comes in the special packaging what Hello Project solo singers and bands have used before.
The B-side, "Dekiru Onna", features a vocal and instrumental arrangement heavily inspired by Queen. 
The single was certified Gold by RIAJ for physical sales of over 100,000 units.

</doc>
<doc id="2932136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932136" title="White1">
White1

White1 is the third album by Sunn O))). It was the most significant departure from their original style to date. Each track was experimental in its own way, with Julian Cope reciting occultic druidist poetry for half of "My Wall," Norwegian lyrics sung by Runhild Gammelsæter of Thorr's Hammer as an intro to a drum machine and stoner metal bass riff in "The Gates of Ballard," and the drone track "A Shaving of the Horn that Speared You."
The lyrics to "The Gates of Ballard" come from "Håvard Hedde," a Norwegian folk song. Another metal version of "Håvard Hedde" had been recorded in 1995 by Storm.
In Q Magazine's August issue (named the loud issue), they named "White1" as the 18th loudest album of all time, just above AC/DC's "Back in Black" and below Jimi Hendrix's album "Are You Experienced?"

</doc>
<doc id="2932144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932144" title="Circles of Apollonius">
Circles of Apollonius

The circle of Apollonius is any of several types of circles associated with Apollonius of Perga, a renowned Greek geometer. Most of these circles are found in planar Euclidean geometry, but analogs have been defined on other surfaces; for example, counterparts on the surface of a sphere can be defined through stereographic projection.
The main uses of this term are fivefold:
Apollonius' definition of a circle.
A circle is usually defined as the set of points P at a given distance "r" (the circle's radius) from a given point (the circle's center). However, there are other, equivalent definitions of a circle. Apollonius discovered that a circle could also be defined as the set of points P that have a given "ratio" of distances "k" =  to two given points (labeled A and B in Figure 1). These two points are sometimes called the foci.
Apollonius pursuit problem.
The Apollonius pursuit problem is one of finding where a ship leaving from one point A at speed "v"1 will intercept another ship leaving a different point B at speed "v"2. By assumption, the ships travel in straight lines and the ratio of their speeds is denoted as "k" = . At the point they meet, the first ship will have traveled a "k"-fold longer distance than the second ship. Therefore, the point must lie on a circle as defined by Apollonius, with their starting points as the foci.
Circles sharing a radical axis.
The circles defined by the Apollonian pursuit problem for the same two points A and B, but with varying ratios of the two speeds, are disjoint from each other and form a continuous family that cover the entire plane; this family of circles is known as a "hyperbolic pencil". Another family of circles, the circles that pass through both A and B, are also called a pencil, or more specifically an "elliptic pencil". These two pencils of Apollonian circles intersect each other at right angles and form the basis of the bipolar coordinate system. Within each pencil, any two circles have the same radical axis; the two radical axes of the two pencils are perpendicular, and the centers of the circles from one pencil lie on the radical axis of the other pencil.
Apollonian gasket.
By solving Apollonius' problem repeatedly to find the inscribed circle, the interstices between mutually tangential circles can be filled arbitrarily finely, forming an Apollonian gasket, also known as a "Leibniz packing" or an "Apollonian packing". This gasket is a fractal, being self-similar and having a dimension "d" that is not known exactly but is roughly 1.3,</ref> which is higher than that of a regular (or rectifiable) curve ("d" = 1) but less than that of a plane ("d" = 2). The Apollonian gasket was first described by Gottfried Leibniz in the 17th century, and is a curved precursor of the 20th-century Sierpiński triangle.</ref> The Apollonian gasket also has deep connections to other fields of mathematics; for example, it is the limit set of Kleinian groups.
Isodynamic points of a triangle.
Circles of Apollonius may be used as a technical term to denote three special circles formula_1 defined by an arbitrary triangle formula_2. The circle formula_3 is defined as the unique circle passing through the triangle vertex formula_4 that maintains a constant ratio of distances to the other two vertices formula_5 and formula_6 (cf. Apollonius' definition of the circle above). Similarly, the circle formula_7 is defined as the unique circle passing through the triangle vertex formula_5 that maintains a constant ratio of distances to the other two vertices formula_4 and formula_6, and so on for the circle formula_11.
All three circles intersect the circumcircle of the triangle orthogonally. All three circles pass through two points, denoted as the isodynamic points formula_12 and formula_13 of the triangle. The line connecting these common intersection points is the radical axis for all three circles. The two isodynamic points are inverses of each other relative to the circumcircle of the triangle.
The centers of these three circles fall on a single line (the Lemoine line). This line is perpendicular to the radical axis defined by the isodynamic points formula_12 and formula_13.

</doc>
<doc id="2932146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932146" title="Roman (My Dear Boy)">
Roman (My Dear Boy)

The single was certified Gold by RIAJ for physical sales of over 100,000 units.
The Single V DVD was also released on the same day. The single was also released in a limited editlon which came in special packaging with five B3-sized mini posters.
Track listings.
All lyrics are composed by Tsunku.
Featured lineup.
Roman~My Dear Boy~ Vocals
Main Voc: Rika Ishikawa, Ai Takahashi, Miki Fujimoto
Center Voc: Ai Takahashi, Miki Fujimoto 
Minor Voc: Mari Yaguchi, Hitomi Yoshizawa, Reina Tanaka, Eri Kamei

</doc>
<doc id="2932155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932155" title="SWB">
SWB

SWB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932172" title="Joshi Kashimashi Monogatari">
Joshi Kashimashi Monogatari

In July 2004, the single was certified Gold by RIAJ for physical sales of over 100,000 units. It was also released in a limited editlon which comes in special packaging with five photo cards, while the regular and Single V DVD came with one photo card. 
Information.
The release of "Joshi Kashimashi Monogatari" marked the graduation of members Nozomi Tsuji and Ai Kago as they went on to concentrate full-time on their duo W (Double You). The title track is the longest running Morning Musume song to date, and each of the song's 14 verses is an anecdote about each member of the band, sung by different three-to-five-person combinations of band members.
A new version of this song, with each band member singing an anecdote about themselves, is featured on their sixth album Ai no Dai 6 Kan, and is appropriately titled "Joshi Kashimashi Monogatari 2". This version was recorded after Kago and Tsuji's graduation (although their backing vocals are still present, as a copy of the single version's original digitally-recorded multi-track master was used).
Another version of the song, entitled "Joshi Kashimashi Monogatari 3", is included on their February 2006 album release "Rainbow 7", featuring the current members at the time of release.
The coupling track, "Ganbare Nippon Soccer Fight", was written and recorded for the 2004 Japanese Olympic Soccer Team.
In 2011, It was announced that the newly formed group, Dream Morning Musume, consisting of former-Morning Musume members, will redo this song on their upcoming album.

</doc>
<doc id="2932197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932197" title="1938–39 European Rugby League Championship">
1938–39 European Rugby League Championship

This was the fifth European Championship and was won by France for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="2932198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932198" title="Kenneth Cranham">
Kenneth Cranham

Kenneth Cranham (born 12 December 1944) is a Scottish film, television, radio and stage actor.
Acting career.
Cranham trained at the National Youth Theatre of Great Britain and RADA. He starred in the title role in the popular 1980s comedy drama "Shine on Harvey Moon". He also appeared in "Layer Cake", "Gangster No. 1", "Rome", "Oliver!" and many other films. He is probably best known to horror genre fans as the deranged Dr. Philip Channard and his Cenobitic alter-ego from "". His many stage credits include West End productions of "Entertaining Mr Sloane", "Loot", "An Inspector Calls" (both transferring to Broadway), "The Ruffian on the Stair", "The Birthday Party" and "Gaslight" (at the Old Vic). Most recently, he has been heard on BBC Radio 4's "Afternoon Play" series as "DS Max Matthews" in the three-play series "The Interrogation" by Roy Williams and starred as "Thomas Gradgrind" in BBC Radio's 2007 adaptation of Dickens "Hard Times". For his role as Inspector Goole in An Inspector Calls, he was nominated for a Tony Award.
Personal life.
Cranham was born in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland, the son of Lochgelly-born Margaret McKay Cranham (née Ferguson) and Ronald Cranham, an English civil servant. His first wife was actress Diana Quick. He has two daughters: Nancy Cranham with actress Charlotte Cornwell, and Kathleen Cranham with his second wife, actress Fiona Victory.

</doc>
<doc id="2932203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932203" title="White2">
White2

White2 is the fourth album by Sunn O))). It was recorded during the same sessions as White1, but it was not released until a year later.
This album features Attila Csihar of Mayhem fame quoting the Srimad Bhagavatam on "Decay2 Maw". The vinyl also features him on "Decay Symptoms of Kali Yuga". "HELL-O)))-WEEN" is a more traditional Sunn O))) track, harkening back to "The Grimmrobe Demos" in its all-guitar-and-bass approach. A DOD Buzz Box effects pedal designed to imitate the sound of Buzz Osborne of The Melvins was used for the bass effects on "bassAliens".
The cover art is a drawing by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, called "The Bee-Keepers".

</doc>
<doc id="2932205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932205" title="Cefpodoxime">
Cefpodoxime

Cefpodoxime is an oral third generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is active against most Gram positive and Gram negative organisms. Notable exceptions include "Pseudomonas aeruginosa", "Enterococcus", and "Bacteroides fragilis". Currently, it is only marketed as generic preparations in the USA, according the FDA Orange Book. It is commonly used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, sinusitis, and gonorrhea. It also finds use as oral continuation therapy when intravenous cephalosporins (such as ceftriaxone) are no longer necessary for continued treatment.
Pfizer, the parent company of Pharmacia & Upjohn, markets cefpodoxime proxetil under the trade name C-Doxim (C-doxim 50Dt,drysyp,100Dt/drysyp,200 and Cv200by Neomed(India) Simplicef for veterinary use. The dose range in dogs is 5–10 mg/kg body weight, administered orally, once a day.
(Finecure, India) markets the products under trade name Cefpo (Cefpo 100Dt, 200, Cv and Dry Syrup) 
Cefpodoxime inhibits cell wall synthesis by inhibiting final transpeptidation step of peptidoglycan synthesis in cell walls. It has well established pharmacokinetic profile with absorption of 50%. It is indicated in Community Acquired Pneumonia, Uncomplicated Skin and Skin Structure Infections and Uncomplicated Urinary Tract Infections.
Spectrum of bacterial susceptibility and resistance.
Cefpodoxime has been used to fight pathogenic bacteria responsible for causing gonorrhoeae, tonsillitis, pneumonia, and bronchitis. Representative pathogenic genera include "Streptococcus, Haemophilus", and "Neisseria". The following represents MIC susceptibility data for a few medically significant microorganisms.

</doc>
<doc id="2932213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932213" title="Companion">
Companion

Companion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932226" title="Companionway">
Companionway

In the architecture of a ship, a companion or companionway is a raised and windowed hatchway in the ship's deck, with a ladder leading below and the hooded entrance-hatch to the main cabins.
See also.
Glossary of nautical terms

</doc>
<doc id="2932229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932229" title="Laserblast">
Laserblast

Laserblast is a 1978 American science fiction film about an unhappy teenage loner who discovers an alien laser cannon and goes on a murderous rampage, seeking revenge against those who he feels have wronged him. The low-budget film was directed by Michael Rae and produced by Charles Band, who is widely known for producing B movies. Starring Kim Milford, Cheryl Smith, and Gianni Russo, the film features notable cameo appearances by Keenan Wynn and Roddy McDowall, and marked the screen debut of actor Eddie Deezen.
The reptilian alien creatures in the film were works of stop motion animation by animator David W. Allen, marking the first chapter in a decades-long history of collaboration between Allen and Band. The alien spacecraft model featured in "Laserblast" was designed and built by Greg Jein in two weeks, and the musical score was written in five days by Joel Goldsmith and Richard Band, the first film score for both composers.
"Laserblast" has received overwhelmingly negative reviews and consistently ranks among the Bottom 100 list of films on the Internet Movie Database. Even many critical reviews, however, cited Allen's stop motion animation as one of the film's only redeeming qualities. A 1988 sequel was planned, but ultimately abandoned due to financial difficulties. "Laserblast" was featured in the seventh season finale of the comedy television series "Mystery Science Theater 3000", marking the show's final episode on Comedy Central before the series moved to the Sci-Fi Channel.
Plot.
A green-skinned man wanders through the desert with a laser cannon attached to his arm. A spaceship lands and two
aliens emerge, one of whom shoots the man, which disintegrates his body. The aliens depart on their spaceship, leaving behind the laser cannon and a metallic pendant the man was wearing.
Teenager Billy Duncan wakes up in his bed, seemingly disturbed, and learns his mother is leaving for vacation. He goes to visit his girlfriend Kathy, but her deranged grandfather Colonel Farley makes him leave before he can see her. As Billy drives around town, he is harassed by bullies Chuck Boran and Froggy, and by two police deputies who give him a speeding ticket. Billy wanders into the desert and discovers the laser cannon and pendant. He starts playing with the cannon, pretending to shoot things, then realizes he can fire the weapon while wearing the pendant. Meanwhile, on the alien spacecraft, the two aliens converse with their leader who shows them footage of Billy using the cannon, prompting the aliens to turn their ship around to head back to Earth.
Later that night, Billy and Kathy attend a party where Chuck and Froggy attempt to rape Kathy. When Billy discovers them, a fight breaks out. Later that night, Billy uses the laser cannon to explode Chuck's car, and Chuck and Froggy barely escape the explosion alive. Government official Tony Craig arrives to investigate both the explosion and the desert where Billy found the cannon. Tony informs the local sheriff that the town must be sealed off.
Feeling sick due to an unusual growth on his body, Billy visits Dr. Mellon, who surgically removes a metallic disc from Billy's chest. Mellon calls the police laboratory technician Mike London to arrange for the disc to be investigated. A green-skinned Billy opens fire on Mellon's car that evening, killing him in an explosion. The next day, Tony investigates the wreckage and recovers unusual material, which he brings to Mike London, who concludes it is an alien material that cannot be destroyed.
The next day, Kathy puts the pendant on Billy's chest while they are laying together outside. Billy immediately wakes up with green skin and deformed teeth and attacks Kathy. Billy goes on a rampage, shooting random objects with the laser cannon. Law enforcement officials shoot at Billy from an aircraft, but Billy destroys the aircraft with the cannon, and later kills Chuck and Froggy by blowing up their car. 
While Tony questions Colonel Farley and Kathy about Billy, the two aliens land on Earth and begin searching for Billy. After killing a man and stealing his van, Billy travels into a city where he randomly fires at his surroundings. Kathy and Tony arrive in the city and locate Billy, as the aliens spot Billy from atop a building and shoot him, which kills Billy and destroys the laser cannon. The aliens depart in their spacecraft and Kathy cries over Billy's corpse.
Background.
Writing.
"Laserblast" was produced by Charles Band, who is widely known as a writer, producer, and director of B movies. Band described the film as a "revenge story" with a simple premise that he thought would be fun for the audience. It was Band who conceived the title of the film with the hopes that it would grab the attention of audiences. Band said of this, "Most of the films that I made, that I conceived, that I was very involved with and in some cases directed, definitely started with the title and usually a piece of artwork that made sense. Then I would work back to the script and the story and make the movie." The script was written by Frank Ray Perilli and Franne Schacht. Elements of the story were inspired by science fiction films, such as "" (1977), and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977), while the characteristics of protagonist Billy Duncan – a disenchanted middle-class teen from a suburban setting – mirror those of James Dean's character in "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955). Band wanted "Laserblast" to be a "mini-"Star Wars"", and at one point in the film, a disparaging reference is made when Billy fires his laser gun at a "Star Wars" billboard, resulting in a tremendous explosion. During another scene, a police officer is confronted by a frightened teenager, who the officer dismissed as crazy by saying, "He's seen "Star Wars" five times!"
Billy is ignored and abandoned by his mother early in the film, demonstrating the dangers that can result from uncaring parents, one of the major themes of the script. The film also highlights the hypocrisy of police officers, particularly during a scene in which the two deputies smoke marijuana they obtained from teenagers. Commentators have pointed out several inaccuracies and plot-holes in the "Laserblast" script. John Kenneth Muir raised several of these issues in his book, "Horror Films of the 1970s": "How does Kathy's dad know Craig, the government agent? Why do the aliens leave behind the rifle and the pendant in the first place? Why does the weapon turn its owner into a monstrous green-skinned brute?" Band explained in a 2006 interview that the more Billy uses the gun, "the more it sort of takes over his soul". Janet Maslin, film critic with "The New York Times", pointed out that originally, when Billy wakes up immediately after the aliens kill the man with the laser cannon, it appears that incident was a dream. Later, however, it turns out to have actually happened after all.
Casting.
Kim Milford, who had previously appeared in the original Broadway theatre production of "Hair" and the first production of "The Rocky Horror Show", starred in the leading role of "Laserblast", marking his first major motion picture appearance. Cheryl Smith, who later received greater recognition for her appearances in B movies and exploitation films, appeared in the lead female role of Kathy Farley. Smith disliked the role because she felt it was poorly written and that she did not receive enough rehearsal time. Gianni Russo, best known for playing Carlo Rizzi in "The Godfather" (1972), was cast in as government investigator Tony Craig.
"Laserblast" marked the screen debut of Eddie Deezen, who went on to play other archetypal nerd roles in films like "Grease" (1978), which was filmed before "Laserblast" started production, "Grease 2" (1982), and "Midnight Madness" (1980). During a 2009 interview, Deezen remembered little about "Laserblast", other than that it was a "shoddy production". Roddy McDowall portrays Dr. Mellon in the film, and his name is misspelled "McDowell" in the end credits. Keenan Wynn, a long-time character actor from a show business family, portrayed Colonel Farley, who provides comic relief as Kathy's crazed, paranoid delusional grandfather and former military man. The filming for Wynn's small role was finished in one day. Screenwriter Franne Schacht made a cameo appearance as the sheriff's secretary in the film.
Production.
"Laserblast" was directed by Michael Rae, marking his only directorial credit. Filming took place over three weekends and was made "for virtually no money", according to producer Band. The makeup effects in the film, including the gradual discoloration and degeneration of Kim Milford, were handled by makeup artist Steve Neill, who had previously worked with Band on the science fiction film "End of the World" (1977). Neill makes a cameo appearance in "Laserblast" as the mutated person killed by the aliens in the opening scene. Neill introduced Band to David W. Allen, the film animator who created the stop motion alien creatures in "Laserblast". When Band and Neill met, the former was working full-time on his fantasy film "The Primevals", which was ultimately never completed. Band had developed an interest and familiarity with animation, particularly the works of Ray Harryhausen, and wanted Allen to animate the reptilian creatures for his film. Although eager to work on "The Primevals", Allen said he was not yet "sufficiently mature professionally" to undertake a project of that size, and he felt "Laserblast" was "something that was more manageable". Band and Allen would go on to work together on several other films and projects over the next 20 years.
The alien creatures were featured in 39 cuts of the film through five scenes. The first scene was in the beginning of the film where the aliens emerge from their spacecraft into the desert to shoot Neill's character. Two matte set-ups were used for effects, including one used to create the illusion of depth with Neill's character in the foreground and the aliens in the background. The sequence where Neill's character shoots the gun out of the hand of one of the aliens was done through wire-supported animation. In the second and third sequences, the two aliens are on board their spaceship, which is a miniature set designed by Dave Carson. The aliens speak with their commander through a monitor in the second sequence, and animations of the commander alien were shot separately and implemented into the scene using a rear projection effect. Both sequences also used rear projection to show footage of Billy and his destruction on Earth. The fourth sequence shows the aliens on Earth, looking at a burnt-out car destroyed by Billy. Footage of the car was rear projected behind the alien models; however, the projected footage was shot at night and the scene took place between two daytime live-action scenes, thus creating a continuity error in the film. The final scene is the shortest, and features a confrontation between the aliens and Billy. Matting was again used for the sequence where Billy is shot with a gun by one of the aliens from the top of a building. The aliens then fly off in their spaceship at the end of the scene through a cutout animation effect.
Randall William Cook, an animator who worked with Allen on the horror film "The Crater Lake Monster" (1977), provided uncredited animation work on "Laserblast". Sculptor Jon Berg, who built the alien creature puppets based on Allen's design, was also uncredited for his work. Allen said in a 1993 article that he and Berg created more shots in the film "than originally bargained for". Special effects were assisted by Harry Woolman, and laser effects were provided by Paul Gentry. Greg Jein, the special effects model-maker who also worked on "The Crater Lake Monster", designed and built the spacecraft featured in "Laserblast". Jein had recently completed his work on the "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977) when Allen approached him to work on "Laserblast", which was the first time Jein designed a project himself. He prepared several concept sketches and, after one was selected, he constructed the in two weeks. Allen ultimately felt his animation sequences in "Laserblast" were not properly integrated with the rest of the film.
Joel Goldsmith and Richard Band, the brother of film producer Charles Band, composed the music for "Laserblast", marking the first film score for both composers. The score was written in five days, and makes heavy use of synthesizer, particularly synthesized brass instruments, as well as electronic music. The music was also used in the Charles Band-produced film "Auditions", released the same year, the 1986 science fiction film "Robot Holocaust" and the 1983 horror film "The House on Sorority Row". The company Echo Film Services handled the sound effects. The alien language chatter between the aliens in "Laserblast" was later used as sound effects in the metal band Static-X's song "A Dios Alma Perdida", which is featured in their 2001 album "Machine". During several points in the film when something explodes after it is shot by the laser gun, the scene is edited so that multiple shots of the same explosion are shown in succession. This type of editing became a trademark of Charles Band's films, and was done previously in his 1977 films "Crash!" and "End of the World".
Release.
Reception.
The film was distributed by the Irwin Yablans Company, and released on March 1, 1978. Irwin Yablans, who later produced the first three "Halloween" films, specialized primarily in distributing B movies and low-budget horror films. "Laserblast" was advertised in conjunction with "End of the World", which was released the previous year and still playing theaters. At the time that "Laserblast" was released, audience interest in science fiction films was particularly high due to the release of "Star Wars" and the long wait until the release of its sequels, ' (1980) and ' (1983).
"Laserblast" has received largely negative reviews, and consistently ranks among the Bottom 100 list of films on the Internet Movie Database. A 1978 critique in "The Review of the News" said, "The only thing eerie about "Laserblast" is the thought that the people who made this loser are still running around loose." In the review, "Laserblast" was described as "an incomprehensible blending" of popular recent films like "Star Wars" and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", with a script "so disordered we could not be certain that the reels were being run in proper sequence". It also criticized the props, particularly the laser gun, which they compared to a cereal box prize. A review by "Variety" magazine said the special effects were decent, but the script "has more holes than the laser-ravaged landscape." Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" said Kim Milford's performance was dull and that the script included plot-holes and inconsistencies. "The Los Angeles Times" critic Linda Gross said the script lacked "credibility, psychological motivation and narrative cohesiveness", although she praised Terry Bowen's cinematography, saying it "effectively captures the ambience of desert small-town life." Film critic Michael Medved described "Laserblast" as one of the worst films of the year in his book, "The Golden Turkey Awards".
Literary critic John Kenneth Muir felt the script had many plot-holes left many unanswered questions, and that there was "little effort to forge a coherent story out of the mix". "New York Daily News" writer David Bianculli described "Laserblast" as "numbingly bad". In "The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction Movies", Phil Hardy describes it as "a wholly unimaginative film", adding, "Even the non-stop series of exploding cars becomes monotonous in the hands of director Rae." The "Time Out" Film Guide described "Laserblast" as a rip-off of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", and said Billy's reign of destruction seemed random and senseless rather than driven by plot or characterization. The review called the film "the epitome of what Frank Zappa once hymned as 'cheapness. "The Globe and Mail" writer Robert Martin called the script inept, said Steve Neill's make-up effects were "frightful rather than frightening", and said Cheryl Smith could "barely talk, let alone act". Martin also stated the film was pulled from a Toronto theater after showing for one week.
Not all reviews were negative. Blockbuster Entertainment gave the film three out of five stars, and film critic Leonard Maltin gave it two-and-a-half out of four stars. In their book about science fiction films, writers James Robert Parish and Michael R. Pitts called "Laserblast" "an stimulating, unpretentious little film in the same vein as "I Was a Teenage Werewolf"". Parish and Pitts praised the stop motion animation and the performance of Cheryl Smith. "Laserblast" was among several films universally considered terrible that film reviewer Michael Adams watched as part of a book about his quest to find the worst film of all time. However, Adams said he enjoyed watching it on a B movie level. "Monthly Film Bulletin" said that "Laserblast" was "Band's first major box-office success on the exploitation circuit". According to Space.com, "Laserblast" has achieved cult film status. During a 2005 interview, Charles Band called the film "hilarious" and stated "it had its charm" like many films from its time. He also said that the film would have been made differently and would have had less critical reactions had it been produced with a larger budget.
Several critical reviews cited the stop motion animation as one of the film's only redeeming qualities. Richard Meyers, a novelist who also wrote about science-fiction films, described "Laserblast" as "basically repetitive and predictable", but included some redemptive qualities in the animation of Dave Allen and the makeup effects of Steve Neill. Science fiction literary scholar Peter Nicholls called it the worst of Charles Band's films, calling it "badly scripted, badly paced rubbish," describing Allen's "o.k. aliens" as "the only plus". Likewise, film essayist Dennis Fischer said Allen's stop motion animation provides the film's "sole moments of interest", and "Cinefex" publisher Don Shay called it the film's "only viable selling points". In their "DVD & Video Guide", Mick Martin and Marsha Porter called it a "dreadful low-budget film with some excellent special effects by David Allen". Doug Pratt, who criticized the poor acting and dull dialogue, said the special effects and stop motion animation "are well executed, but the sequences without effects are fairly dumb". The authors of "The DVD-Laser Disc Newsletter" called the film "a dull and padded revenge-against-bullies tale", but said the stop motion animation were enjoyable enough that "fans are likely to be pleased with the low-budget film's positive attributes and willing to ignore the rest".
Home media.
"Laserblast" was initially released on home video in 1981 from Media Home Entertainment. It was released on Laserdisc on June 30, 1993 by Shadow Entertainment, and was re-released on VHS on November 25, 1997 by Full Moon Entertainment, a distribution company started by Charles Band. It had a second VHS re-release on October 9, 1998, by United American Home Video. "Laserblast" was released on DVD on July 6, 1999, again by Full Moon Entertainment. The picture was presented with an aspect ratio of 1.66:1 and a stereophonic sound. The disc included no captions and no special features except for cast profiles and trailers for other Full Moon films. Doug Pratt, a DVD reviewer and "Rolling Stone" contributor, said the visual presentation was better than most films from its time, with fresh colors and only a few speckles, as well as a decent sound transfer.
Soundtrack.
The original motion picture soundtrack was released as a limited edition CD by BSX Records on August 1, 2005. It consisted of about 46 minutes of music over 25 tracks. SoundtrackNet reviewer Mike Brennan said it was "actually quite enjoyable in parts", but not the type of music meant to be listened to without the film. Brennan claimed it resembled some of the later and better-known works of Joel Goldsmith, like the scores of "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis". Joe Sikoryak of "Film Score Monthly" gave the soundtrack one-and-a-half stars out of five, claiming that about one-third of the album sounded like "generic rock 'n' roll cues for a production unable to afford licensing existing songs".
Sequel.
Band originally planned to produce a sequel called "Laserblast II", with production work to begin in August 1986 and a theatrical release expected to follow shortly thereafter. A tagline released for the film read, "The ultimate alien weapon is back." When plans for the sequel were announced, Atlanta-based film critic Scott Journal wrote, "I am one of the few people in the world who saw the original and, believe me, it did not merit a followup." However, Charles Band Productions fell into financial difficulties shortly after the production of "Laserblast", and the project was eventually scrapped. However, the premise and elements of the abandoned sequel were later used in the 1988 Charles Band film, "Deadly Weapon", which like "Laserblast" was about a bullied teenager who finds a powerful weapon and uses it to seek revenge against his enemies. Band continued to make films and eventually formed Empire Pictures.
"Mystery Science Theater 3000".
"Laserblast" was featured in the seventh season finale episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000", a comedy television series. In the show, the human character Mike Nelson and his two robot friends, Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo, are trapped in a satellite and forced to watch bad films as part of an ongoing scientific experiment. "Laserblast" was the sixth episode of the seventh season, which was broadcast on Comedy Central May 18, 1996. It marked the final episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000" on that network, before the series moved to the Sci-Fi Channel for its eighth season. At the time of broadcast, the "MST3K" creators did not know the show would eventually be renewed at a different network. Mary Jo Pehl, an actress and writer with the show, felt "Laserblast" was a particularly bad film: "The lead guy, Kim Somebody, is another sterling example of how filmmaking is not a meritocracy. The fact that this film was even made proves that 'anybody can do it.' You can find this either inspiring or depressing."
During the riffing of the film, the robot character Crow T. Robot claims the film "was run through a highly technical process called 'tension extraction, and the other robot Tom Servo calls it so dull, "There's a point where it stops being a movie". Mike and the robots make particular note of film critic Leonard Maltin's relatively high two and-a-half star rating of the original film. The episode also makes several references to McDowall's performances in the "Planet of the Apes" films, and makes several jokes at the expense of Deezen and his stereotypically nerdy character, at one point dubbing him "heir to the Arnold Stang fortune". Mike and the robots repeatedly sang "Are You Ready for Some Football?" whenever Deputy Ungar appeared on screen due to his resemblance to country singer Hank Williams, Jr.
The "Laserblast" episode was included in the 2008 DVD box-set ""Mystery Science Theater 3000": 20th Anniversary Edition", along with episodes featuring the films "First Spaceship on Venus" (1960), "Werewolf" (1996) and "Future War" (1997). They were also made available for instant online streaming through the Internet rental site, Netflix. Dan Cziraky of "Cinefantastique", wrote, "If you've never seen "Laserblast", this is perfect "MST3K" viewing! It typifies everything wrong with the late '70s." During a 2009 interview, Eddie Deezen said he loved the show's parody of "Laserblast".

</doc>
<doc id="2932234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932234" title="World revolution (disambiguation)">
World revolution (disambiguation)

World Revolution may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="2932242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932242" title="USS Leary">
USS Leary

USS "Leary" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2932244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932244" title="Québec Capitales">
Québec Capitales

The Québec Capitales are a professional baseball team based in Quebec City, Canada. The Capitales are a member of the Canadian-American Association of Professional Baseball (aka CanAm League), which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball. Since the 1999 season to the present, the Capitales have played their home games at Stade Municipal.
The team was established in 1999 as a member of the independent Northern League. The team's name in French is Les Capitales de Québec.
History.
Québec City has been home to many baseball teams. The Québec Athletics played in the Québec Provincial League during the 1940 season, and in the Canadian-American League from 1941 to 1942. The Québec Alouettes followed as a member of the Canadian-American League from 1946 to 1948. The Quebec Braves played from 1949 to 1950, as they too were part of the Canadian-American League, and from 1950 to 1951 in the Provincial League.The Québec Indians played in the Provincial League from 1958 to 1970. The Québec Carnavals were the AA affiliate of the Montreal Expos from 1971 through 1975, as members of the Eastern League. In 1976, the team changed its name to the Québec Metros, and continued to play until 1977.
Quebec Capitales.
In 1999, the Capitales joined the Northern League (East Division) as an expansion team. The team now plays in the Can-Am League, the successor of the Northeast League. The Capitales are one of two Canadian teams in the League, the other one being the Trois-Rivieres Aigles. As of September 2013, the Capitales are the most successful team in the Can-Am League on and off the field, having won the League championship more times (6) than any other team and being among the tops in attendance every season averaging over 3,000 fans per game since 2001. The Capitales since 2000 have made the playoffs 12 times. 
In 2006, the Capitales won their first championship in team history. Although the team had the second worst record in team history they still qualified for last post season spot with a 44-44 record. They defeated the top seed North Shore Spirit in dramatic come from behind fashion winning the last two games to win the series 3 games to 2. In the championship series the Capitales took a 2 games to none advantage before the Brockton Rox came back to even the series. In the final and decisive game the Capitales defeated the Rox on their home field by coming from behind and won by a score of 5-4 to win the Can-Am League Championship 3 games to 2.
In 2009 the Capitales became the first franchise in the reborn Can-Am League to win multiple championships and the fourth team in the entire history of the Northeast/Can-An League to win more than one championship (joining the New Jersey Jackals, who won two Northeast League and two Northern League championships, the Albany-Colonie Diamond Dogs, who won the first Northeast League Championship and one Northern League Championship, and the Adirondack Lumberjacks, who won one Northeast League and one Northern League championship). The Capitales won the 2nd half regular season championship and finished the season with the 3rd best overall record (53-41). The Capitales eliminated the Brockton Rox 3 games to 1 in the opening round. In a rematch of the 2005 championship the Capitales got revenge by eliminating the Worcester Tornadoes 3 games to 1. In 2010, the Capitales obtained a second consecutive championship, passing by the Pittsfield Colonials 3 games to 1. In 2011, the Capitales won their third championship in a row (fourth in all) by defeating the New Jersey Jackals 4 games to 1. In 2012, the team again defeated the Jackals 4 games to 1, thus winning their fourth championship in a row. A fifth championship in a row materialized in 2013, the Capitales defeating again the New-Jersey Jackals 4 games to 3
Post-season.
Northern League, East:
"1999" None, did not qualify for playoffs
"2000" Lost Opening round to Adirondack Lumberjacks 3 games to 1
"2001" None, did not qualify for playoffs
"2002" Lost Opening round to Adirondack Lumberjacks 3 games to 2
North East League:
"2003" Lost Opening round to North Shore Spirit 3 games to 0
"2004" Lost Opening round to North Shore Spirit 3 games to 2
Can-Am League:
"2005" Won Opening round over Brockton Rox 3 games to 0 Lost Championship to Worcester Tornadoes 3 games to 0
"2006" Won Opening round over North Shore Spirit 3 games to 2 Won Championship over Brockton Rox 3 games to 2
"2007" None, did not qualify for playoffs
"2008" Won Opening round over Atlantic City Surf 3 games to 1 Lost Championship to Sussex Skyhawks 3 games to 0
"2009" Won Opening round over Brockton Rox 3 games to 1 Won Championship over Worcester Tornadoes 3 games to 1
"2010" Won Opening round over New Jersey Jackals 3 games to 0 Won Championship over Pittsfield Colonials 3 games to 1 
"2011" Won Opening round over Brockton Rox 3 games to 0 Won Championship over New Jersey Jackals 3 games to 1
"2012" Won Championship over New Jersey Jackals 4 games to 1 
"2013" Won Championship over New Jersey Jackals 4 games to 3
Logos and uniforms.
The official colours of the Québec Capitales are navy blue and gold. The primary logo consists of a white baseball diamond with navy blue pinstripes. The "Capitales" wordmark is superimposed over the diamond in navy blue outlined in gold. The wordmark is underlined by a navy blue ribbon with the word "Québec" centered on it in white, with the French word "de" centered in between. A navy blue fleur-de-lis is centered above the wordmark, with a stylized depiction of home plate centered below.
The Québec Capitales uniforms are traditional in design. The caps are navy blue throughout with the scripted "Q" cap logo centered on the front in gold with a white centre incorporating a navy blue fleur-de-lis and red baseball threading. The home jerseys are white with navy blue pinstripes, with the "Capitales" cursive script wordmark centered across in navy blue with gold outline. The alternate jersey is navy blue with gold piping with the cap logo centered on the left-side chest.

</doc>
<doc id="2932246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932246" title="Hybrid intelligent system">
Hybrid intelligent system

Hybrid intelligent system denotes a software system which employs, in parallel, a combination of methods and techniques from artificial intelligence subfields as:
From the cognitive science perspective, every natural intelligent system is hybrid because it performs mental operations on both the symbolic and subsymbolic levels. For the past few years there has been an increasing discussion of the importance of A.I. Systems Integration. Based on notions that there have already been created simple and specific AI systems (such as systems for computer vision, speech synthesis, etc., or software that employs some of the models mentioned above) and now is the time for integration to create broad AI systems. Proponents of this approach are researchers such as Marvin Minsky, Ron Sun, Aaron Sloman, and Michael A. Arbib.
An example hybrid is a hierarchical control system in which the lowest, reactive layers are sub-symbolic. The higher layers, having relaxed time constraints, are capable of reasoning from an abstract world model and performing planning.
Intelligent systems usually rely on hybrid reasoning systems, which include induction, deduction, abduction and reasoning by analogy 

</doc>
<doc id="2932248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2932248" title="1945–46 European Rugby League Championship">
1945–46 European Rugby League Championship

This was the fifth European Championship and was won by England on points average. It was their second championship title.

</doc>
