<doc id="2919086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919086" title="Shirley Geok-lin Lim">
Shirley Geok-lin Lim

Shirley Geok-lin Lim (born 1944) was born in Malacca Malaysia. She is an American writer of poetry, fiction, and criticism. Her first collection of poems, "Crossing The Peninsula", published in 1980, won her the Commonwealth Poetry Prize, a first both for an Asian and for a woman. Among several other awards that she has received, her memoir, "Among the White Moon Faces", received the 1997 American Book Award.
Biography.
Born in Melaka, Malaysia into a life of poverty, deprivation, parental violence, and abandonment in a culture that, at that time, rarely recognized girls as individuals, Lim had a pretty unhappy childhood. Reading was a huge solace, retreat, and escape for her. Scorned by teachers for her love of English over her "native" tongue, she was looked down upon for her pursuit of English literature. Her first poem was published in the "Malacca Times" when she was ten. By the age of eleven, she knew that she wanted to be a poet.
Lim had her early education at Infant Jesus Convent under the then British colonial education system. She won a federal scholarship to the University of Malaya, where she earned a B.A. first class honours degree in English. In 1969, at the age of twenty-four, she entered graduate school at Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts under a Fulbright scholarship, and received a Ph.D. in English and American Literature in 1973.
Lim is married to Charles Bazerman, also a professor and chair of the Education Department at University of California, Santa Barbara.[http://allmalaysia.info/news/story.asp?file=/2005/1/17/msiansabroad/9397683]
Career.
Lim is a professor in the English Department at the University of California, Santa Barbara. She has also taught internationally at the National University of Singapore, the National Institute Education of Nanyang Technological University, and was the Chair Professor at the University of Hong Kong where she also taught poetry and creative writing. She has authored several books of poems, short stories, and criticism, and serves as editor and co-editor of numerous scholarly works. Lim is a cross-genre writer, although she identifies herself as a poet. Her research interests include: 
Lim has received numerous literary awards, among which are:
An extract from "The Town Where Time Stands Still" by Shirley Geok-lin Lim has been included in the Journeys Stimulus Booklet as part of the compulsory HSC English course, studied by all students in their final year of secondary schooling in New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2919094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919094" title="Luckington">
Luckington

Luckington is a village in the southern Cotswolds, located in north-west Wiltshire, England, on the B4040 road linking Malmesbury and Old Sodbury, with a link via the A46 road to the M4 motorway at junction 18.
Local geography.
The parish of Luckington is seven miles south west of Malmesbury and seven miles north east of Sodbury, comprising the village of Luckington and the smaller village of Alderton to the south west. Parish boundaries border Gloucestershire in the west and Great Badminton and Sherston in the north east with Grittleton and Leigh Delamere to the south east.
In his book ‘Wiltshire Villages’ the author Brian J. Woodruffe describes Luckington as: "A happy blend of old and new, made up of some pleasant sub-areas of Cotswoldian character attached to a rather less attractive centre. Five roads meet here, interlaced in such a way that the core of the village is sliced up into triangular pieces, which in the distant past formed one large green. The school and schoolhouse are found on the edge of one of these remaining greens."
The population of the parish in 1801 was 304, and despite a dip in the ensuing 50 years, rose to 339 in 1851. It grew to 470 in 1951 and 532 people lived in the parish at the time of the 2001 census
Luckington in the Cotswolds.
The Cotswolds are designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) which means it is recognised as containing some of Britain's finest countryside. As such it is protected as a special landscape of national importance. The area covers 790 square miles, of which some 80% is farmland.
The area is generally designated from Worcester due north to Bath, Somerset due south, across to Oxford and then north to Stratford-upon-Avon. The region is delineated by the belt of rich limestone –the source of building materials for the beautiful cottages, fine buildings, and churches. The limestone Cotswold stone in the northern Cotswolds is a rich honey coloured brown which gradually grades creamier towards the south at Luckington.
History.
The name of Luckington is thought to derive from Lucca’s Farm. The earliest evidence of settlement in Alderton was the discovery of a Neolithic stone axe near to Drew’s Pond and some Iron Age remains have been found to the west of the village.
The village has a clear connection to pre-Norman times; a house standing on the site of what is now Luckington Court is said to have been used by Harold I Harold Harefoot King of England from 1035 to 1040, as a hunting box. Because Harold was King, Luckington became a Royal manor, so was entitled to use the title court.
In 1086 there were two manors at Luckington held by Herman (of Durand of Gloucester) and Edward (of Ralf de Mortemer). The total population would have been around 120 people and there was enough land for eight plough-teams, each with eight oxen, and a mill on the infant Avon river. From 1141 until the 14th century, the manor of Luckington was held by the Earl of Hereford. In the 16th century the manor passed to the Fitzherbert family Francis Fitzherbert, 15th Baron Stafford and remained with them until 1798, when the last heiress is said to have eloped with a man from Bristol (reportedly a butcher) named Jones, creating the family of the Fitzherbert Jones. It was this family that added the impressive front of Luckington Court.
The Sources of the Avon.
Luckington has the distinction of containing the seasonal springs in a valley to the south of the village, that are the source of the River Avon (Bristol) and these are found in the south of the parish. The Avon, from Luckington, passes through Malmesbury and Chippenham towards Melksham and Bradford-on-Avon, leading to Bath and Bristol. The 17th century writer John Aubrey, was probably referring to one of these springs when he wrote: ‘In this village is a fine spring called Hancock’s-well… It cures the itch and Scabbe; it hath done much good to the eies,' writes Aubrey, and again the editor Jackson adds: 'Hancock’s well is still resorted to for the cure of sick dogs, bad legs and the like'. J H P Pafford et al tells us that at the time of writing the well still had the reputation of being good for the eyes. Hancock’s well still flows strongly in its stone culvert down to the river close by.
Luckington Court.
Luckington Court, lying close by to the parish church has been an important part of the village for centuries. It is found to the west of the church and is a Queen Anne style architecture house. An earlier house on the site was referred to as Peach House. The present building is made from Cotswold stone and became famous when it featured as Longbourn, the home of the fictional Bennet family, in the 1995 British television drama, of Jane Austen’s ‘Pride and Prejudice’. Within the grounds of grade II listed Luckington Court are two cedar trees that are said to be 400 years old. The local Luckington Court Gardens is available to the public for hire and is a sort-after location for weddings.
Village Life.
Luckington has a Community School with fewer than fifty pupils taught by three full-time teachers and two teaching assistants. There is a children's playground located on Church Road near the Green, run as a charitable organisation. There are good playing fields (one soccer pitch) and a village hall, each run by committees.
The farms which surround Luckington are both dairy and arable; some are owned by the Badminton Estate. The Duke of Beaufort's Hunt and the proximity of Badminton have a bearing on village culture. Luckington holds its own fête each year, usually early in July.
There is Methodist Church at Church Road, a 'Tin Tabernacle' built to satisfy the needs of the religious revivals of the 19th century. Mr T. Ayliffe and his wife moved to Luckington in 1897 and started conducting open air meetings, preaching Primitive Methodism. He was on the committee that in 1903 purchased land and built a Methodist Chapel on it. The chapel opened on August Bank Holiday 1903 and 200 people from the local chapels attended the first service.
Old Royal Ship Inn, is a popular village pub with walkers and cyclists, and The Beaufort Hunt meets there occasionally.
Church of St. Mary and St. Ethelbert, Luckington.
The grade I listed parish church in Luckington is dedicated to St. Mary and St. Ethelbert and is thought to date from the 12th century. It is located within a minute or so walk from Luckington Court. In the 15th century there was a large amount of repair and re-building with alterations in the walls and nave and the majority of the windows, including the bell tower. The north porch is Georgian and there was further extensive restoration of St. Mary’s, undertaken by Sir Arthur Blomfield the English church architect in 1872, with the chancel and side chapel within the church totally rebuilt. The Norman font in the church is extremely large with the bowl measuring 27 inches diameter and pictured in one of the east windows is William of Malmesbury, and in other windows are images of Mary and Ethelbert, to whom the church is dedicated. Within the north wall of the church is an engraving of the Lord’s Prayer dating from 1663. The church St. Mary and St. Ethelbert has the same dedications as Hereford Cathedral, perhaps a tangible link between Hereford and Luckington. In April 1948 the Standard of the British Legion, was dedicated by the Dean of Bristol (The very rev. Harry Blackburne) the Dean was assisted by Capt. G.F.Farr R.N.(Ret.) Rector of Luckington. The parade was led by D Company, Army Cadet Force, and the March Past taken by Major General Stewart Menzies a local resident.
Listed Buildings in Luckington.
Nearly half the buildings in the Luckington parish are grade II listed buildings.
These include the Old Bakehouse The Forge House [http://www.britishlistedbuildings.co.uk/en-316014-the-forge-house-luckington-, Manor Farmhouse in Alderton, Whitehouse Farmhouse, North End House Wick Farmhouse, The Old Rectory, Luckington Court, [http://www.britishlistedbuildings.co.uk/en-316026-luckington-court-luckington- Luckington Manor, Lypiatt Barn and The Post Office Stores [http://www.britishlistedbuildings.co.uk/en-316052-the-post-office-stores-luckington-
Note: "A listed building in the United Kingdom is a building which has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest. There are just under 500,000 buildings to which this applies. To be included it must be a man-made structure that survives in something at least approaching its original state. Most structures on the list are buildings, but others are bridges, monuments, sculptures, war memorials, and even milestones and mileposts. Ancient uninhabited or unmaintained structures, such as Stonehenge, are generally classified as Scheduled Ancient Monuments rather than Listed Buildings. A listed building may not be demolished, extended or altered without special permission from the local planning authority.

</doc>
<doc id="2919100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919100" title="Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha">
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha

Masaki Tsuzuki adapted the series into a novel, which Megami Bunko published in August 2005. King Records has adapted several soundtracks and drama CDs from the series. A sequel to the anime series titled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's" produced by Seven Arcs premiered in Japan on October 2005, broadcast on Chiba TV. A film adaptation of the anime series, also by Seven Arcs, was released in theaters on January 23, 2010, accompanied by a manga series which was serialized in Megami Magazine between November 2009 and March 2011.
Geneon Entertainment licensed the anime series for English-language dubbed release in North America at Anime Expo 2007 (June 29 to July 2). Due to Geneon switching distribution labels between September 2007 and July 2008, Funimation distributed the series (in a single DVD compilation-volume boxset) approximately one and a half years after the announcement of the licensing. Many production-credits for the English-language dubbed release were missing.
Moderately well received by Japanese-language viewers, all DVD volumes peak-ranked seventy to twenty-second and below on the Oricon Animation DVD ranking and remained on the chart for at least two weeks. The series received mixed reviews from English-language critics, with some praising and others criticizing the pacing, visual style, and music of the series. G. B. Smith criticized the English-language dubbed release for its inconsistency in direction.
Plot.
The storyline follows Nanoha Takamachi, a nine-year-old Japanese girl attending elementary school, who lives with her parents and her older siblings. Nanoha's regular everyday life ends when she rescues an injured ferret who reveals himself as a young shapeshifting mage named Yūno Scrya. An archaeologist from a parallel universe, Yūno came to Earth to collect a set of twenty-one dangerous ancient artifacts named the that he first discovered in his own world. Jewel Seeds give living beings who come into contact with them unnatural powers, often turning them into monsters, and Yūno, injured while trying to collect them, must now rely on Nanoha while he convalesces in ferret form. He gives Nanoha an "intelligent device" (magical wand) called , and she unexpectedly shows strong aptitude for magic. As the two gather the Jewel Seeds, Nanoha learns magic from Yūno while continuing with her ordinary everyday life.
In retrieving her sixth Jewel Seed, Nanoha encounters another magical girl named Fate Testarossa and her familiar named Arf. More than a year before the story began, Fate's mother, Precia Testarossa, went insane when her daughter Alicia died, initiating "Project Fate", an illegal research program of cloning and resurrection, making her a fugitive from the interdimensional police known as Time-Space Administration Bureau (TSAB). Precia cloned Alicia to create Fate and implanted her with Alicia's memories; nevertheless, she cannot care for Fate as she did for Alicia and abuses her regularly. Despite this, Fate is extremely loyal to her due to Alicia's happy childhood memories, which she takes as her own. In the series, Precia uses Fate to collect Jewel Seeds to reach Al Hazard, a mythical world where Alicia could be truly brought back to life.
Nanoha and Fate repeatedly face off against each other over each new Jewel Seed they find, and the TSAB soon interferes to prevent the collateral damage caused by their battles. Nanoha eventually manages to overpower Fate and brings her to the TSAB, prompting Precia to abandon her and attempt a dimensional jump to Al Hazard with the power of the few Jewel Seeds that Fate managed to gather thus far. Gathering her resolve, Fate decides to aid the TSAB and Nanoha in their fight to stop Precia. Although they manage to minimize the destructive side effects of using the Jewel Seeds, they fail to prevent Precia from finishing the spell, and her final whereabouts are unknown. Fate and Nanoha decide to become friends, but Fate must first travel to TSAB homeworld to prove she was an unwilling accessory in Precia's crimes.
Production.
Nanoha Takamachi first appeared as a minor character in the eroge visual novel "Triangle Heart 3" released on December 8, 2000. She first appeared, cast as a magical girl, on the merchandise CD "Triangle Heart 3 ~Lyrical Toy Box~" released on June 29, 2001 and that was written by Masaki Tsuzuki, the creator of the "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha" franchise. Nanoha's first appearance in animation was in the first episode of the "Triangle Heart 3" OVA-adaptation series that released on July 24, 2003.
Seven Arcs produced the anime television series "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha" with direction by Akiyuki Shinbo and screenplay written by Masaki Tsuzuki. Broadcast across six stations of the Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations, it premiered on October 1, 2004 and aired weekly for thirteen episodes until its conclusion on December 25, 2004. Hiroaki Sano produced the music for the series. The series uses two pieces of theme music; the opening theme is "Innocent Starter" performed by Nana Mizuki, and the ending theme is "Little Wish (Lyrical Step)" performed by Yukari Tamura. The series was released across five DVD compilation volumes in Japan between January 26, 2005 and May 25, 2005.
At Anime Expo 2007 (June 29 – July 2), Geneon Entertainment announced its acquisition of the English-language license of "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha" and of its sequel, "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's". However, Geneon cancelled its distribution agreement with ADV Films in September 2007. Funimation acquired rights for distribution of Geneon titles in July 2008, after which, Funimation announced that they would soon began distributing the "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha" series. Funimation began distributing the English release in a single DVD compilation-volume boxset on December 29, 2008.
The release was dubbed by Geneon Entertainment in association with World Production Group.
Adaptations.
CDs.
King Records released two maxi singles and two albums in Japan: 
Drama CDs.
King Records has released three drama CD adaptations of the series in Japan. The first, titled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Sound Stage 01", appeared on November 26, 2004 and contained sixteen tracks; its story takes place between episodes two and three of the anime television series. "Sound Stage 02" followed on January 13, 2005 containing nineteen tracks, and its story takes place between episodes five and six of the anime series. King Records released the final CD, "Sound Stage 03", on April 6, 2005; it contains sixteen tracks, and its story takes place after the conclusion of the anime series.
Novel.
Megami Bunko published a one-hundred-eighty-page novelized adaptation titled (ISBN 978-4-05-903506-8) on September 30, 2005. Masaki Tsuzuki wrote the text and Kōji Hasegawa did the illustrations. The plot of the book follows the same story as the anime television series.
Film.
An anime film titled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha the Movie 1st" and adapted from the anime television series was released in Japan on January 23, 2010. Aniplex displayed a trailer of the film as well as character-design sketches and original drawings at its booth at Tokyo International Anime Fair 2009. Although the film retells the same story as the anime television series, Masaki Tsuzuki emphasized that the movie is not necessarily the "true history" of the story, but a "new parallel history." The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray-Disc November 26, 2010, and includes English subtitles and an audience participation track.
Manga.
A manga illustrated by Kōji Hasegawa based on the movie adaptation, titled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha MOVIE 1st THE COMICS" was serialized in Gakken's "Megami Magazine" between November 2009 and March 2011. Like other THE COMICS series in the franchise, it expands upon the story, featuring events not seen in the movie. The series is compiled into two tankōbon, the first released on June 30, 2010 and the second released on March 31, 2011.
Reception.
In Japan, the first DVD compilation-volume peak-ranked 38th on the Oricon DVD chart and remained on the chart for three weeks. The second through fifth DVD volumes each peak-ranked 39th, 29th, 72nd, and 49th respectively and remained on the chart for two weeks. Before Geneon Entertainment's announcement of its acquisition of the license for the series at Anime Expo 2007, ICv2 reported that the series had gained a reputation among United States "hardcore" fans for its use of technology as a replacement for magic and being a magical girl series that uncharacteristically deals with more "real" and "intense" social problems. Geneon's lack of a distributor between September 2007 and July 2008 left many English-language fans wondering as to what would occur to the distribution status of the series that Geneon had licensed - including "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha". A fan pointed out that the English-languaged dubbed DVD boxset did not contain the credits for the director, automated dialogue replacement script adapter, and some voice actors. Many English-language viewers, even the more knowledgeable, reported being largely unfamiliar with many of the names of the English-language voice actors who contributed to the work.
Anime News Network's Carl Kimlinger described the anime series as one filled with typical magical-girl tropes and as one that takes otaku-targeted entertainment to "its logical extreme" - filled with what he described as a "neutron-star" of otaku obsessions. Although Tim Jones of THEM Anime Reviews noted that the series did contain aspects typical of the magical girl genre, he stated that the anime had several unique aspects such as featuring characters fighting ""physically"" instead at long-range with magic and targeting "an older male demographic". Davey C. Jones of Active Anime praised the series for building up to "intense double climax" with the revelation of Fate's backstory and the final battle on Precia's ship. However, Mania Entertainment's Chris Beveridge criticized the anime series as too rushed, stating that it would have been "more engaging and fun" as a twenty-six-episode-long series as opposed to its current length of thirteen episodes. Tim Jones lauded the last five episodes of the series as its highlight due to the dramatic change in style the series underwent introducing "intrigue and excitement" to the show, criticizing the first few episodes as "most forgettable, boring, and just plain uninteresting episodes of any show had ever seen". Both Beveridge and Kimlinger criticized the series for conveying a sense of maturity that is "out of place" in a storyline that follows third-grade characters at the age of nine.
Beveridge described the anime series as having well-designed visuals with character designs produced with "strong, vibrant colors" that "all come across very well". Davey C. Jones praised the visual effects applied to the spells as making them "look extra spiffy and, well, magical". Kimlinger noted the use of multiple animation directors who gave "each episode a distinct look" and allowed the series to "retain a level of stylistic continuity" that he described as resulting in an "uneven, but ... undeniably appealing" look. Although Tim Jones praised the character designs as "distinct enough to distinguish the fairly large cast", he criticized the animation quality as ranging from "okay to downright lazy". He stated that "aside from the great opening song, the music, though good, is forgettable", but described the ending theme as "lame". Beveridge stated that the "solid" musical score helps convey the "action cleanly".
Mania Entertainment's G. B. Smith criticized the English-language dubbed release by Geneon for having several inconsistencies in the performances, pronunciation of names and localization, but accredited these faults to the direction. Smith praised the voice actors in the English dub for the many of the main characters, stating that "here are several A rank performances that shine quite well"; however, Smith stated that "there is a noticeable drop off in the quality of the voices and the performances in the lesser and incidental characters." Smith noted that the subtitles and English dub diverged "sharply" in the way they name characters. Additionally, Smith criticized the English script for being excessively lip-synched producing "Weird Sounding English".
The film adaptation earned 380 million yen (approx. $4.4 million USD) during its release. The Blu-ray Disc version of the movie sold 58,000 copies in its first week and has been in the top position of the Blu-ray charts for its first two weeks of sale.

</doc>
<doc id="2919104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919104" title="Najwa Nimri">
Najwa Nimri

Najwa Nimri Urrutikoetxea (born 14 February 1972 in Pamplona, Navarre, Spain) is a Spanish actress and singer of Jordanian descent.
Early life.
Nimri's mother is Navarrese and her father is Jordanian; his name is Karam Nimri. She has a brother named Karim Nimri, a half-brother named Andre Nimri and two half-sisters named Sara and Nadia Nimri. Najwa also has a cousin who is a singer named (Antix) Alexander Nimier. When she was a child she moved to Bilbao and now lives in Madrid.
Career.
Her first important film role was in "Salto al vacío", the first movie by film director Daniel Calparsoro. Her career as a singer started with small groups. In 1996, she formed the band Najwajean with Carlos Jean. She has also released three solo albums. She was married to Daniel Calparsoro and in 2004, she had a son, Teo.
Two of her film roles won her praise: as Ana in "Lovers of the Arctic Circle," and as Elena in "Sex and Lucia" (Spanish title "Lucía y el sexo"). Both films were directed by Julio Medem.

</doc>
<doc id="2919111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919111" title="List of politicians of Kerala">
List of politicians of Kerala

The following is a list of politicians from Kerala, a state in India.

</doc>
<doc id="2919116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919116" title="Paul Alan Yule">
Paul Alan Yule

Paul Alan Yule is an archaeologist at the Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg (habilitation). He studied at the University of Minnesota (BA), New York University (MA and PhD) and Marburg University. His main work targets the archaeology of India, Oman, and the Yemen.
Yule's dissertation, Early Cretan Seals, classifies and dates the seals from the Early and Middle Bronze Ages on Minoan Crete.
In the 1980s, with the support of Swami Omanand Saraswati, he catalogued and evaluated metallic artefacts of the so-called Copper Hoard Culture by means of European methods and models for the first time, whereby numerous finds came to light in the Kanya Gurukul in Narela/Haryana. These artefacts appear to be non-functional objects, probably used in rituals or simply deposited in hoards, to judge from a lack of use-wear. Far away in Odisha, Yule published a find from a metals period cemetery in Sankarjang may be the earliest musical instrument in India. He documented the early historic fortress at Sisupalgarh by means of a laser scanner, ground penetrating radar and a hand-held GPS receiver. Together with Corinna Borchert Yule uncovered illegal building development within this nationally protected Mauryan site. From 2001-2004 in India, Yule documented so-called mud forts and other archaeological sites for the first time, especially in Odisha and Chhattisgarh. Images of his work especially in Orissa appear in the image bank HeidICON.
Yule's study of the prehistory of Oman began in the 1980s at the site of Samad al-Shan which sheds light on the protoliterate Late Iron Age population of central Oman. It comes into view as early as 250-100 BCE or later and we lose track of it around 300 CE far prior to the arrival of Islam in Oman. The chronology of the Samad Late Iron Age is the most controversial part of his published work, which in later publications he adjusted especially after 2006. The site Samad yields eastern Arabian artefacts of different periods. A further project, the cataloguing of the metal hoard find from Ibri-Selme, which he published with Gerd Weisgerber, studies the largest hoard of metallic artefacts to occur in the Near East. Stashed in an Umm an-Nar period communal tomb, these date to the Early Iron Age. New excavations were intended to add greater definition to the Iron Age. In the mid 1990s Yule and Weisgerber mapped and studied the Bronze Age tower tombs of Jaylah on the Jebel Akhdar, which date to the mid-late 3rd millennium BCE. Yule sought late antique habitation in his excavation at the oasis site of Izki/al-Yemen. Yule updated much of his thought on Oman in 2014. He defines Early and Late Iron Ages. In the Sultanate, the Late Iron Age has two facies. The one known from the most sites is designated Samad Late Iron Age, the other is the période préislamique récente which mostly French and Belgian colleagues researched and defined in the United Arab Emirates.
Field-work at the site of Zafar, capital of the Himyarite Tribal Confederation, in the Yemenite highlands, field operations continued from 1998 to 2010 with a budget of 5,300,000 Euros. This project illuminates especially on the culture of the Himyarite period (110 BCE - 525 CE). He excavated most notably a 1.70 m high relief-statue depicted wearing a crown which depicts a Christian Aksumite king. He argues that Himyarite culture is not really foreign to Islam but actually is a sire which passed on its genes. One wonders what Islamic religion and culture would be like without this influence. Excavated finds contradict the characterisation of Himyarite culture especially visual arts as decadent - a term which can be understood in different ways. Yule considered late pre-Islam in the Yemen to be his most important scientific contribution.
Within the framework of the Open Access movement Yule emphasises the archiving of his research materials and publications as soon as possible so as to make them publicly available. He does this largely by means of the image bank HeidICON.
External links.
Zafar/Yemen Photo Archive, University of Heidelberg Project: HeidICON, since 01.03.2008, 
Collected digital works of the author regarding South Asia, University of Heidelberg Project Savifah: 
Collected digital works of the author regarding Arabia, University of Heidelberg Project: HeidDOK
Zafar Virtual Museum

</doc>
<doc id="2919118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919118" title="Scientistic materialism">
Scientistic materialism

Scientistic materialism is a philosophical stance which posits a limited definition of consciousness to that which is observable and subject to the scientific method. The term is used as a pejorative by proponents of creationism and intelligent design.
History.
The "Wedge Document" produced by the Discovery Institute, described "materialism" as denial of "the proposition that human beings are created in the image of God," and that humans are instead "animals or machines who inhabited a universe ruled by purely impersonal forces and whose behavior and very thoughts were dictated by the unbending forces of biology, chemistry and environment." The document states that materialism leads inevitably to "moral relativism" and denounce its "stifling dominance" in modern culture. By this definition, scientific materialism is linked to the more general version of materialism which declares that the physical world is the only thing that exists and that nothing supernatural exists.

</doc>
<doc id="2919119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919119" title="Shark suit">
Shark suit

A Shark suit is a body-cover suit made of chainmail worn sometimes by scuba divers to protect against shark bite. While the wearer will feel the full pressure of the bite, the suit prevents the concentration of force from the shark's teeth and may prevent any true damage to the wearer's tissue other than bruising. A standard shark suit cannot be guaranteed against several
of the larger species which are so powerful that a specially built suit must be worn.
Development.
In the late 1970s, Marine Biologist Jeremiah Sullivan developed a flexible suit of armor for divers to wear while working around sharks. Often referred to as: Metal Mesh Shark Suit, Chain Mail Anti-Shark Suit, neptunic sharksuit ( His former company name), Steel Mesh Shark Suit, etc. Jeremiah specializes in human shark interactions and manufactures advanced protective gear for professional, commercial, military and qualified sport divers who must work or dive in hazardous conditions. Jeremiah is recognized as the pioneer of extreme interactions with sharks. Using protective gear he developed, he has sustained thousands of shark bites with no significant injuries to himself, divers in his care, or the sharks with which he works. Jeremiah’s success in working with sharks, along with his many appearances in television programs like Wild Kingdom since the early 80's, shattered many myths about sharks and helped pave the way for what is now a global shark diving industry, not to mention Discovery Channel’s Shark Week. In addition to his work with sharks, Jeremiah maintains parallel careers in both art and science. He and his products have participated in over 100 television and film projects, as well as museum and technology exhibits including the Museum of Natural History, the Smithsonian Cooper Hewitt National Design Museum, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Vitra Design Museum in Essen, Germany, The Museum of Contemporary Art in Taipei, The Museum of Fine Arts, Taiwan and was a top nominee for the INDEX Award 2007 in Copenhagen. Jeremiah has moved on from the Neptunic brand that he created and formed a new company created to carry on the work with his next generation Sharksuits and other protective dive gear, SharkArmor Tech LLC, San Diego, Ca. www.sharksuits.com
Construction.
A typical shark suit is constructed of small individually welded steel or titanium rings which is worn over a standard neoprene wetsuit. Original Sharksuits were designed to reduce or prevent injury from sharks that are involved in most bites on humans, these are primarily sharks with serrated teeth and under 8 or 9 feet in length. These frequently accidental bites will rarely be able to penetrate the rings. Similar to chainmail, inexperienced divers wearing sharksuits can still suffer dislocations and broken bones from the overall trauma caused by direct interactions with these powerful marine predators.

</doc>
<doc id="2919121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919121" title="Anders Linderoth">
Anders Linderoth

Anders Linderoth (born March 21, 1950) is a Swedish football coach and former player.
He debuted in the Swedish Premier League for Helsingborgs IF, and during his spell with Östers IF he made his national team debut and received Guldbollen. In 1977 he moved to play professionally in Olympique de Marseille. He played 40 matches and scored two goals for Sweden, the tally including three matches at the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
After retiring as a football player Linderoth has worked as a coach. His achievements include leading IF Elfsborg to the Premier League. From 2001 until 2006 he coached Hammarby IF. Linderoth managed Viborg FF in about 11 month in 2007.
Anders Linderoth is the father of former national team player Tobias Linderoth.

</doc>
<doc id="2919125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919125" title="Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's">
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's

Plot.
Six months following the events of the previous series, Nanoha Takamachi and Fate Testarossa have been exchanging video mails to tell each other of their situations on Earth and in the Time-Space Administration Bureau respectively. However, on the night Fate returns, Nanoha and her friends come into conflict with the Belkan Knights, Signum, Vita, Zafira, and Shamal, who are tasked with filling the pages of the Book of Darkness to protect their master, a wheelchair bound girl named Hayate Yagami. It is up to Nanoha, Fate and the Time-Space Administration Bureau to solve the mystery of the Book of Darkness, the Belkan Knights and their master.
Media.
Manga.
A manga adaptation of the story was serialized in Gakken's "Megami Magazine" between August 2005 and January 2006 and was released the manga in a single volume on February 18, 2006. The adaptation features many scenes not explored in the anime series.
Anime.
Seven Arcs produced a thirteen-episode anime series, directed by Keizō Kusakawa and written by Masaki Tsuzuki. Broadcast on Chiba TV, TV Saitama, and TV Kanagawa, it premiered on October 1, 2005 and aired weekly until its conclusion on December 24, 2005. The music for the series was produced by Hiroaki Sano. The series features two pieces of theme music. "Eternal Blaze", performed by Nana Mizuki, is the opening theme. "Spiritual Garden", performed by Yukari Tamura, is the ending theme. In Japan, the series was released across six Region 2 DVD compilation volumes between January 25, 2006 and June 21, 2006.
"Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's" was later licensed by Geneon for English-language dubbed release in the United States and Canada. Funimation distributed the dubbed series across a Region 1 DVD boxset.
Film.
A theatrical film adaptation, titled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The Movie 2nd A's", was produced by Seven Arcs, following on from the 2010 adaptation of the first series, "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha The Movie 1st", and was released in Japanese theaters on July 14, 2012. The film was released on Bluray Disc and DVD on March 22, 2013 and features an English subtitle track.
Audio CDs.
A series of three drama CDs have been released by King Records between November 23, 2005 and March 8, 2006 entitled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Sound Stage 01~03". The CDs take place during and after the anime series. Each release charted on the Oricon album charts, and the highest ranking album was the "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha Sound Stage 03", which peak ranked at 52nd and remained on the chart for 2 weeks.
The original soundtrack was released across six CDs entitled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's Original Soundtrack Plus Vol.1~6" that were released alongside the DVD volumes that compiled the series' episodes containing 57 tracks in total. A compilation album entitled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's Vocal Best Collection" was released exclusively at Comiket 70 in August 2006, compiling many of the pieces of music used during the drama CDs. King Records released three maxi singles for the series. "Eternal Blaze" was released on October 19, 2005. "Spiritual Garden" was released on October 26, 2005. "Super Generation" was released on January 18, 2006 that contained the track "Brave Phoenix", which was used as an insert to episode twelve of anime series.
Video games.
Namco Bandai Games released a game adaptation, entitled "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's Portable: The Battle of Aces", on January 21, 2010 for PlayStation Portable. It is a 3D fighting game with nine playable characters with multiple stories based on the "A's" storyline. A second game, "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's Portable: The Gears of Destiny", was released on December 22, 2011 and features additional characters from the "ViVid" and "Force" manga series.
Reception.
As of August 5, the film had a box office gross of US$4,950,633. Its total gross was more than ¥500 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2919135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919135" title="Willard C. Butcher">
Willard C. Butcher

Willard Carlisle Butcher (born October 25, 1926, in Bronxville, New York; died August 25, 2012, in Hobe Sound, Florida) was chairman and CEO of Chase Manhattan Bank from 1980 to 1991.
Butcher joined Chase National Bank, predecessor to Chase Manhattan, in 1947 and spent his early career in Chase’s midtown Manhattan branch system. He later headed Chase’s retail and corporate business for midtown and moved to the international department in 1969, where he headed operations in Europe and sub-Saharan Africa, before becoming executive vice president in charge of Chase’s international operations. After a short tenure as Chase’s vice chairman for worldwide planning, expansion and diversification, Butcher was named president and chief operating officer, reporting to David Rockefeller, then chairman and CEO.
Under Rockefeller and Butcher, Chase expanded into more than 50 countries,including Russia, Egypt and China, where American banks hadn’t previously operated. As a result of the expansion, "The New York Times" said at the time of Butcher's death Chase was beset by hundreds of millions of dollars in losses from poorly performing loans in developing countries such as Brazil.
Butcher was active with the American Enterprise Institute, and served for two years as member of President Ronald Reagan’s Grace Commission. He served on the boards at Celgene Corp., Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., International Paper Corp. and Texaco Inc., and was a board member of the Museum of Modern Art and the New York Zoological Society. 
Born October 25, 1926 in Bronxville, NY, Butcher began his higher education in 1944 at Middlebury College in Vermont. Discharged from the U.S. Navy in 1946, he enrolled at Brown University, graduating in 1947 with a B.A. degree, magna cum laude, and as a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He was awarded honorary Doctor of Laws degrees from Brown, Pepperdine and Tulane Universities and an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Pace University.
Butcher died of cancer on August 25, 2012, at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="2919136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919136" title="Barbosella">
Barbosella

Barbosella is a genus of mostly creeping orchids. The genus has about 20 species, widespread across the West Indies and Latin America from Mexico and the Lesser Antilles to Argentina. Named after João Barbosa Rodrigues, an investigator of Brazilian orchids. They have solitary flowers with a unique lip base that works like a ball and socket.
Taxonomy.
"Barbosella miersii" is thought to differ from the other species of "Barbosella" in terms of its lip. The monotypic genus "Barbrodria" was created to accommodate this species, though this splinter group is no longer recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="2919143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919143" title="Meli Bolobolo">
Meli Bolobolo

Ratu Meli Bolobolo is a Fijian chief and academic, who lectures at the Fiji Institute of Technology.
Career.
Bolobolo was installed on 30 September 2005 as the third "Tu Navitilevu", or Paramount Chief of Rakiraki, in Ra Province. He succeeded his father, Ratu Tevita Bolobolo, who died in 2003.
Legal Case.
Bolobolo's installation as "Tu Navitilevu" was not without controversy. Ratu Esira Nawaqalevu, a spokesman for rival claimant Osea Carawu Naitura, said that two of the three families making up the mataqali, or tribe, had not endorsed Bolobolo, and threatened to challenge his appointment by appealing to the Native Land Commission (NLC) and, failing that, to the courts. Bolobolo maintained, however, that he had been endorsed by the 42 "yavusa" under the jurisdiction of the "Tu Navitilevu." The chief was for the people, he said, and saw no grounds for the NLC or the courts to overturn a decision made by the people.
On 15 December 2005, the NLC ruled in Bolobolo's favour, and on 19 December, Nawaqalevu announced Naitura's intention to appeal the decision in Fiji's High Court. The NLC had based its decision on inaccurate information, the spokesman said. Naitura's line of descent was senior to Bolobolo's, and hinted that political interference had played a role in the NLC's decision to recognize Bolobolo, with Cabinet Minister Jioji Banuve (also of Rakiraki) supporting a pro-Bolobolo faction led by Rasekaiya Tanoa.
Nawaqalevu claimed that Bolobolo's grandfather and father had held the "Tui Navitilevu" title improperly. "How the title came to be in the hands of the younger branch of the family is a question that the NLC admits it cannot answer," he told the Fiji Sun on 19 December, by which he cast doubts on how Bolobolo came to hold the title in favor of descendants of Isikeli Sabua, who was registered as the head of the Tokatoka Vaividi during the Registration of Native Land Owners at the time that Ratu Luke Vutiqica of the Tokatoka Dakuivakadreketi held the Title of TU Navitilevu.
Documentation of Ancestry.
Bolobolo is a direct descendant of Naduva, the older son of Natadra. Banuve's descendants claim that Banuve gave the title to Naduva to validate their right to the title of Tu Navitilevu; according to the "Tukutuku Raraba of the Tikina of Rakiraki", Baleikanacea was the only one to mention the link to Banuve. This version of history was never substantiated by the rest of those who gave recorded evidence at the time. Ratu Luke Natavuto (Lei Matarua), one of the direct descendants of Banuve from the Matarua clan of Navolau, brought Meli Bolobolo's grandfather from SPSM to be installed as the first Tu Navitilevu, although the Fijian Landownership archives record that Ratu Luke Vutiqica was the first officially recognised Tu Navitilevu.
Ratu Luke Vutiqica was a direct descendant of Naudreudre, the last cannibal chief of Rakiraki. According to records held at the Fiji Archives, Ratu Luke Vutiqica of the i Tokatoka Dakuivakadreketi was Chief and head of the Mataqali Tuinavitilevu concurrently with Ratu Isikeli Sabua's time as head of the Tokatoka Vaividi. Tokatoka Vaividi was the only one that survived and his descendants are the rightful holder of the Title Tui Navitilevu. Ratu Meli Bolobolo is a member of the Vaividi clan which gives him a claim to the title equal to that of any other male in the Tokatoka. Records in the NLC and Archives, including studies by American anthropologist Martha Kaplan - author of "Neither Cargo Nor Cult", would substantiate this.

</doc>
<doc id="2919159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919159" title="Tonic Trouble">
Tonic Trouble

Tonic Trouble is a 3D platforming video game by Ubisoft Montreal, first released in Europe on the PC in early 1999. The story follows the main character, Ed, after a magic potion spills on the Earth and causes vegetables to become living killers. The game was subsequently released on the Nintendo 64 in North America and Europe on 25 August and 24 October 1999 respectively, and to the North American PC market on 6 December 1999. A version of the game was released on the Game Boy Color in 2000, however this version was only available in Europe. 
Additionally, a beta version for the PC was released as Tonic Trouble: Special Edition, published by Guillemot. This version featured very different level designs and control schemes. It was given away by Compaq with new computers running Windows 98 in parts of Europe in mid-1999. A few differences are the additional guards not encountered in the Retail Version, larger and more open level designs, red spades instead of thermometers for health power ups, and the lack of a final boss.
Plot.
Story.
The game begins with Ed, the protagonist, cleaning up the spaceship he is on. In the PC version, he is contemplating giving a present to a girl he loves (but fails when she's already with Ed's formal father, named Burk). While he is working, he finds a bug similar to a woodlouse and tries to swat it in N64 (or flees Burk in the PC) and then finds a can full of a strange substance sitting on a table. He drinks it, but when a terrible sensation happens in his mouth, he doesn't like the horrible taste, and spits the fluid out onto the floor, and some screws come to life. Depending on the version, Ed either screams, runs round, and disposes of the can out a garbage chute or accidentally drops it into an open hole caused by the screws opening up. 
The can falls to Earth and lands near a man named Grögh. He notices the drink’s mutagenic properties when it transforms the surrounding environment; when he drinks it, he is pleased with the results. When Ed’s superiors find out what happened and discover that it's all Ed’s fault, he is ordered to clean up the mess he's made. 
Ed is to travel to Earth to retrieve the can, so that the scientists on the ship can make an antidote for the liquid. With the help of the doc and his daughter, Suzy, Ed gathers the parts required for a machine that will catapult him to Grögh's Kingdom. Ed enters Grögh's kingdom and confronts Grögh, who is driving a fearsome robot; in the end, Ed defeats Grögh and gets the can back from him.
Characters.
Agent Ed : Ed is the main protagonist of the game, an alien. He has to repair his disaster. He is voiced by David Gasman.
Suzy : She is the daughter of the Doc and Ed's girlfriend. She is helping Ed in his adventure.
The Doc : Once free, the Doc helps Ed to go to Grögh's Castle to get his can back by inventing a machine.
Grögh : Grögh is the main antagonist of the game. A former drunkard Viking who, after getting himself evicted from a bar for not paying his tab, managed to drink the Tonic and thus as a result, he is now the master around the world, stating that from then on, drinks are on him, and everyone would get a taste, and Ed must stop his reign.
Agent XYZ : Another character who helps Ed; this is a newspaper guy who explains to Ed how to get through his adventure.
Enemies.
Tomatoes : Tomatoes either skip or roll around. Tomatoes can't die unless they hit a wall or fall off where they're rolling.
Torches : Found in almost every level. They're round, red, mechanical, and a short white tube that resembles a flame thrower sticks out of it. About half of the base is attached to the wall. Fire comes out of the tube. Torches spread fire for only 3 seconds and then stop for 6. It's assumed that they are some type of security.
Cobs : Met after fixing a popcorn machine, Cob confronts Ed as an act of rebellion along with others. Cob can be easily defeated by moving in front of targets when he spits a seed at Ed, which bounces off and hits him. Then he falls apart and pops in the lava below him. If Ed revisits this place, another cob will take the previous place.
Robosuitcase : Robosuitcase is a not so intelligent robot that has gone haywire. Even though the only weapon it has is a duster, that is more than Ed can say for himself at the moment. Robosuitcase is defeated by Ed because he is lured onto a switch which requires someone heavy to activate. The switch raises a grate covering a popcorn/crunch depositer turning Ed into Super Ed, who then pummels robosuitcase.
Carrots : Carrots spin around at a high speed in spots and if hit, will move around. The more common and slightly stronger ones are purple.
Beanstalks : Beanstalks throw their beans which explode when they hit ground. Sometimes, beanstalks can leave their beans and let them only explode when something comes near it.
Boxing Mushrooms : Boxing mushrooms wear shorts and fight hand to hand. If Ed brings out his peashooter, the mushrooms will spin on their heads quickly towards Ed.
Turnips : Turnips use pitchforks to attack. Turnips are only fought at the entrance of vegetable HQ. One hits tomatoes at Ed near the entrance to the glacier cocktail but can not be fought.
Jalapeño Pepper : Only found once in the vegetable HQ. Jalapeño pepper can only be hurt if Ed eats the popcorn/crunch turning into super Ed.
Electric Spike Balls : Electric spike balls appear more commonly in each level later on. They float above the ground and sometimes move in patterns. If Ed touches one, they explode. They're most likely meant for security.
Electricity : Electricity is either a small ball that hovers in a pattern or two balls across from each other that create a line of it in between. It is found in almost every level, maybe as some type of security.
Helling Guards : These are Grögh's henchmen. They are very strong, shirtless men who have long, wavy mustaches. Guards are filled with hot air. A lot of them are armed with shooters resembling toilet plungers. There's an exception of their weapons being replaced with pistons shooting sharp ice at the glacier cocktail. When Ed defeats one, they inflate and pop. All types of guards have goggles that cover up their four eyes. 
Flying henchmen : Flying henchmen mostly fly in one spot shooting at whomever is against them. They fly using propeller caps just like the ones Ed collects at the north plain.
Cyborg henchmen : Cyborg henchmen attack with electricity that they control. Electrical conducts are used to charge them up. Cyborgs cannot be hurt except on their back because of their open flaps.
Old teeth : Found only in the reverse pyramid, these teeth will attack Ed by chomping him and move doing so. They take three hits before falling apart. If Ed brings out the pea shooter, they will turn invisible and stand still.
Mummies : One of the few enemies that talk, the mummies are fought all at once in their wheelchairs. With the exception of the first one which is seen at the end of a long gap filled with poison water shooting bugs through a blowpipe. If a mummy is hit once, they'll roll away for a while.
Reception.
The game was met with very mixed reviews, as GameRankings gave it a score of 53.32% for the Nintendo 64 version, and 70% for the PC version. Critics cite poor controls, a wordy exposition, and sloppy graphics. The PC version of the game is a port of the original N64 version with noticeable differences, such as a substantially different opening due to the lack of processing power needed to render cutscenes, and different music in certain places. The game is often compared to another game published by Ubisoft, "", because both are 3D platformers, both have main characters of a similar design (hands and feet without arms or legs), and both were released around the same time, although Rayman 2 received much better reviews. The Game Boy Color version was only released in Europe, and was met with equally mixed reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2919161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919161" title="New standard">
New standard

New standard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919167" title="Chris Morrissey (filmmaker)">
Chris Morrissey (filmmaker)

Chris Morrissey (born August 15, 1972 in Hollywood, California, U.S.) is a Los Angeles based American film director and actor.
Biography.
Morrissey made his feature debut with the cult movie Superstar Female Serial Killer which was released theatrically in March 2000. His follow-up, Lipgloss Explosion was released theatrically in April 2001. 
Since then he has completed the feature films "Fashion Murder Groove" and "Stateless". Both are planned for theatrical release sometime in 2007.
The supernatural horror thriller Trick of the Witch completed production in mid-2010 and is planned for a 2011 theatrical release.
Acting credits include the cult television series Twin Peaks and the zombie film . He also appeared in the music videos "Die Like Someone" by Eve's Plum and "Rockin' Back Inside My Heart" by Julee Cruise.

</doc>
<doc id="2919168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919168" title="Imake">
Imake

imake is a build automation system written for the X Window System. It was used by X from X11R1 (1987) to X11R6.9 (2005), and continued to be used in XFree86 (last commit 2009). It is implemented on top of the C preprocessor and make. The first version was written by Todd Brunhoff at Tektronix.
imake generates makefiles from a template, a set of cpp macro functions, and a per-directory input file called an Imakefile. This allows machine dependencies (such as compiler options, alternate command names, and special make rules) to be kept separate from the descriptions of the various items to be built.
With the release of X.org X11R7.0, it was replaced by GNU autotools. (X11R6.9 and X11R7.0 were the same codebase with a different build system.).

</doc>
<doc id="2919170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919170" title="Parks and open spaces in Kensington and Chelsea">
Parks and open spaces in Kensington and Chelsea

The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, an Inner London borough, has responsibility for some of the parks and open spaces within its boundaries. Most of them are relatively small: many are the typical "London square", built to service the houses around that square. Two of the larger open spaces are both of the "Magnificent Seven" cemeteries: at Brompton and Kensal Green. The parks are policed by the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Parks Police.
Some of the other open spaces in the Borough are:
The area has the additional advantage of bordering Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.
Little Wormwood Scrubs is one of 11 parks throughout Greater London chosen to receive money for redevelopment by a public vote in 2009. The park received £400,000 towards better footpaths, more lighting, refurbished public toilets and new play areas for children.

</doc>
<doc id="2919174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919174" title="Brachionidium">
Brachionidium

Cup orchids (genus Brachionidium) are a group of about 72 species of orchids, found throughout much of tropical America (Central America, the West Indies, and South America as far south as Brazil and Bolivia). The generic name comes from Greek ("little arm") and refers to the protrusions on the stigma.
List of species.
Accepted species:

</doc>
<doc id="2919180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919180" title="Crown of Queen Maria Josepha">
Crown of Queen Maria Josepha

Crown of Maria Josepha was made for Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria, wife of King Augustus III of Poland, for her coronation as Polish queen in 1734.
History.
In 1925 Polish Government purchased the silver regalia of King Augustus III and Queen Maria Josepha in Vienna for $ 35,000 (175 000 zł). It consisted of 2 crowns, 2 sceptres and 2 orbs made in about 1733. The original "Crown Regalia" were hidden - see War of the Polish Succession. The jewels were exhibited in Warsaw till 1939 and in 1940 they were stolen by German forces. Later they were found by the Soviet troops in Germany and sent to the USSR where they remained until 1960, when they were returned to Poland. Today are deposited in the National Museum in Warsaw. 

</doc>
<doc id="2919184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919184" title="Neo Tokyo">
Neo Tokyo


</doc>
<doc id="2919190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919190" title="Mildmay">
Mildmay

Mildmay may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2919202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919202" title="Chamelophyton">
Chamelophyton

Chamelophyton is a genus of orchids. At present (May 2014), only one species is known, Chamelophyton kegelii, native to Suriname and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="2919205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919205" title="Kapilvastu District">
Kapilvastu District

Kapilvastu district(, often Kapilbastu, is one of the districts of Lumbini Zone, Western Region, Nepal. The district, with Kapilbastu municipality as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,738 km² and had a population of 481,976 in 2001 and 571,936 in 2011.
History.
The District got its name from the Sage Kapila and his followers who built here a city called Kapilavastu.This District was a part of ancient Shakya Kingdom ruled by King Śuddhodana who was the father of Gautama Buddha.
Geography and Climate.
The district situated at the height of 93 to 1491 meters from sea level. Geographically, the district can be divided into plain low lands of terai and low Chure hills.
Kapilvastu is bounded by-
The Summer is hot with temperature above 27°C and Winter temperature remains below 15°C.
Demographics.
According to 2001 census, the major ethnic groups in this district are as follows -
Nepali - 90%
Indians - 10%
Most of the People of the district are Awadhi speaker followed by Purbahu Tharu and Native Nepali Speaker.The number of immigrants from neighbouring hilly region is increasing every year.
Administration.
The administration of the district is subdivided as follows-
Economy.
Most of the Population of this District is dependent on Agriculture.Paddy is Major crop of the district.Number of youths rely
foreign employment.Sugarcane is important cash crop.
Culture.
Awadhi people are major inhabitants of this region.The district is very rich in Awadhi Culture.Awadhi cuisine is famous.They have their own unique culture and way of living.Tharus living in the western part of the district have their own culture.
Places of interest.
World Marsh Region.
A region with biodiversity, cultural, archaeological and historical monuments that has been proposed to be enlisted in the list of World Cultural Heritage of UNESCO.
Archaeological sites.
More than 138 historical sites related to Buddha have already been identified within the boundary to the east of Banganga, west of Kothi, north to Indian border and south to Mahendra highway. The forest of the district stands as a natural park. The land is irrigated by the rivers like Banganga, Koili, Surai, Chirai, and others.
Barkl

</doc>
<doc id="2919210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919210" title="Basler drum">
Basler drum

The Basler drum is a hwo-headed rope-tension drum. It takes its name from its origin in Basel. This percussion instrument is best known from the Carnival of Basel, where it is played by more than 2000 drummers. They are called Tambouren in Swiss German or Tambourins in French. There is no typical number of players for marching-bands including this instrument. Anything between three and fifty drummers may be seen in such a formation.
Drums of the same pattern are used throughout Switzerland in fife and drum (or drum only) societies as well as in Swiss Army bands. They are also known as 'Swiss drums' or 'Ordonance 82'.
Method of construction.
Until the late 18th century drums were primarily made of wood. However, it has been demonstrated that brass frames were in use in Prussia since the early 18th century. In the 19th century, copper, tin, and nickel silver were also used. Nowadays, the frame is usually made of chromed brass. There are also frames made from non-chromed brass, aluminum (weight advantage), and recently even carbon fiber. For some time, the wooden drum has been gaining popularity. Not only because of the look, but also because of its much lower weight. In addition, the drier sound of the wooden drum is perceived as pleasant by many drummers.
The counterhoops of the metal drums are mostly painted in black and white diagonal stripes – black and white being the heraldic colors of Basel. In other cantons (districts) of Switzerland other colors are used accordingly. The Swiss army uses red and white striped hoops. Colors of guilds or family crests are only rarely used today. The hoops on wooden drums are usually left natural. While the color scheme formerly strictly obeyed heraldry and an exception was tolerated only for wooden drums, today anything goes. However, chrome frames with black and white tires and black or white tugs continue to dominate the scene.
There are two drumheads, which are stretched over the two open ends of the frame (also called "kettle" or "bucket" in Basel). The heads are made of plastic or calfskin parchment. Calf skins are enjoyable to play on due to their softer rebound. However, natural drumheads can be used only in dry weather, otherwise they will be flabby. In practice, therefore, the player of a calfskin-headed drum needs to have access to a second drum with plastic heads.
The drumheads are held together and tuned by a rope, made of polyester or hemp, which passes through the holes in the hoops. Today, the hemp rope has a carbon core to minimize weather-related tension differences. In earlier times the rope was simply wrapped around the tires or attached by means of an iron hook on it. To tension the ropes, the hoops are compressed in a special 'manual, pneumatic press-system'.
Until the 19th century, marching drums in Europe and the colonies in general, had this type of construction. In the course of time, the ropes were replaced by tuning screws called "tension rods".
The snare-sound is produced by gut and metal strings, which vibrate against the bottom drumhead. The top batter head can be damped with a felt pad which is fixed under the skin. With the help of a wheel on the outside of the frame, the intensity of the damping can be adjusted. Another damping method involves a strip of felt, which is clamped transversely under the batter head.
The diameter of a Basler drum is measured on the outside of the frame and is usually 40 or 41 cm (about 16 inches), sometimes 42 or even 43 cm (up to 17 inches). The height of the frame generally corresponds to the diameter.
History.
The oldest drum of this type dates back to 1571. It can be seen in the Basel Music Museum. In Switzerland church festivals, carnival parades, guild ceremonies, and public events incorporating dancing, games and entertainment have traditionally been accompanied by the sound of drums.
Playing.
The drum is worn on a sling, which is carried over the right shoulder, down to the left hip. By mounting the drum on its hoop, it hangs down diagonally to the right, as seen by the drummer.
Owing to the diagonal position of the drum, the traditional grip must be applied.

</doc>
<doc id="2919212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919212" title="Kathmandu District">
Kathmandu District

Kathmandu District (, (Nepal Bhasa: येँ जिल्ला) is a district located in Kathmandu Valley, Bagmati Zone of Nepal, a landlocked country in South Asia. It is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, covers an area of 395 km2 and is the most densely populated district of Nepal with a population of 1,081,845 in 2001 and 1,744,240 in 2011. The district's headquarters is Kathmandu City, also the capital of Nepal.
Geography.
Kathmandu district is one of the three districts located in Kathmandu valley, which itself is located in the hills of Bagmati zone, Central Development Region, Nepal. The district is located from 27'27"E to 27'49"E and 85'10"N 85'32"N.
The district is surrounded by-
The altitude of the district ranges between 1262 m. to 2732 m. above the sea level.
Geography and Climate.
In the urban center the temperature fluctuates between 32C in summer (June–July) to -2C in winter (December–January). Annual rainfall of the district is 176.4 ml.
Culture.
Kathmandu district is a part of Kathmandu valley which is the melting pot of various cultural groups, ethnicities, races, languages and religions. This vibrant culture is illustrated in the culture of the natives of the district, known as Newars, which is a multiethnic, multiracial, multireligious group bound by a Sanskritized Sino-Tibetan language of Kirat origins known as Nepal Bhasa. All the ancient settlements of the district have specific jatras or street festivals arranged according to specific dates of Nepal Sambat calendar. The main festivals celebrated in this district are-
Along with these festivals, with the influx of population from other parts of Nepal, India, Tibet and South Asia, other festivals such as Teej, Chhath, Sakela, Lhosar, Janai Purnima, Deuda etc. are also celebrated.
Economy.
Most of the offices and industry of Nepal are in Kathmandu. The major economic hubs are New Road, Durbar Marg, Putalisadak. The district exports handicrafts, artworks, garments, pashmina, paper etc. Tourism is one of the main industries of the district. Hindu and Buddhist pilgrims from all over the world visit various religious places located in the district such as Pashupatinath, Swayambhunath, Boudhanath, Buddhanilkantha etc. Freak Street and Thamel are noted tourist destinations for Western tourists.
Education.
Kathmandu district is the pioneer district in education in many aspects in Nepal. Durbar High School (the first school of Nepal), Trichandra College (the first college of Nepal), Padma Kanya College (the first women's college) are all located in Kathmandu city. Tribhuwan University, the first university of Nepal, is located in Kirtipur municipality of Kathmandu district. Besides these, thousands of educational institutions are located in the district which cater students from Nepal, India, Bangladesh etc.
Administration.
The district is regulated by District Development Committee. The district consists of 57 VDCs, 1 metropolitan city and one municipality. These are as follows:
KathmanduAalapot Baad Bhanjyang Bajrayogini Balambu Baluwa Bhadrabas Bhimdhunga Budanilkantha Chalnakhel Chapali Bhadrakali Chhaimale Chobhar, Nepal Chouketar Dahachok Chunikhel Daanchhi Daxinkali Dhapasi Dharmasthali Futung Gapalphedi Gokarna Goldhunga Gonggabu Gothatar Ichankhu Narayan Indrayani Jhor Mahankal Jitpurphedi JorpatiKabhresthali Kapan Khadka Bhadrakali Kirtipur Chitubihar Koteswor Lapsiphedi Machhegaun Mahadevsthan, Kathmandu Mahankal Manmaiju Matatirtha Mulpani Naglebhare Naikap Naya Bhanjyang Naikap Purano Bhanjyang Nayapati Pukhulachhi Ramkot Sangla Satungal
Demographics.
The total population of the district is 1,744,240 out of which 913,001 are male and 831,239 female in 436,344 households.
Average family size in 2001 was 4.6, in 2011 4,0.

</doc>
<doc id="2919217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919217" title="Konstantin Balmont">
Konstantin Balmont

Konstantin Dmitriyevich Balmont (; – 23 December 1942) was a Russian symbolist poet, translator, one of the major figures of the Silver Age of Russian Poetry.
Biography.
Konstantin Balmont was born in village Gumnishchi, Shuya (then Vladimir Guberniya, now Ivanovskaya oblast), the third of the seven sons of a Russian nobleman, lawyer and senior state official Dmitry Konstantinovich Balmont and Vera Nikolayevna (née Le′bedeva) The latter, having come from a family of military men where enthusiasm for literature and theater was almost hereditary, had the most profound influence over her son: she introduced him to the world of music, history and folklore. Vera Nikolayevna knew several foreign languages and often received guests who might have been deemed 'politically risqué' at the time. It was from her that Konstantin Balmont, as he later remembered, inherited 'tempestuousness of character' and rabble-rouser mentality.
Balmont who learned to read at the age of five (while watching his elder brother’s family lessons) cited Pushkin, Nekrasov, Koltsov and Nikitin as his first favorites. He insisted, though, that "the family house, the garden, creeks, marshy lakes, whispering leaves, butterflies, birds and sunrises" were his first poetry teachers. Balmont used to remember those ten years he spent in his family’s Gumnishchi estate with great love and warmth, referring to the place as "a tiny kingdom of silent comfort".
In 1876 the family moved to the town of Shuya where Vera Nikolayevna owned a two-story decrepit-looking house. At the age of ten Konstantin joined the preparatory class of a local gymnasium, an institution he later described as "the home of decadence and capitalism, good only at air and water contamination".
It was here at school that, rather vexed with the educational system's restrictions, he became interested in French and German poetry and started writing verses of his own. His first two poems, though, were criticized by his mother in such a harsh manner that for the next six years he made no attempts to repeat this first poetic venture. What he became involved in instead was an illegal circle (formed by students and some traveling teachers) which printed and distributed Narodnaya Volya proclamations. "I was happy and I wanted everybody to be happy. The fact that only a minority, myself included, was entitled to such happiness, seemed outrageous to me", he later wrote, explaining his early enchantment with revolutionary activities.
Vera Nikolayevna transferred her son to another gymnasium, in Vladimir, but here the boy had to live in the house of a Greek language teacher who took upon himself a duty of a warden, becoming a source of much psychological suffering for a boy. In the late 1885 Balmont made his publishing debut: three of his poems appeared in a popular Saint Petersburg magazine "Zhivopisnoye obozrenye". This event (as a biographer put it) "has been noticed by nobody except for his (tor)mentor" whose ultimatum included a veto on any further publications until the graduation day. Balmont graduated in 1886. having spent "one and a half years in prison-like conditions" "I curse gymnasium wholeheartedly. It ruined my nervous system completely," the poet remembered in 1923.
In 1886 Balmont joined the law faculty of the Moscow University where he met several of leftist activists, among them P.F. Nikolayev. The following year Balmont was arrested for taking part in the students' demonstrations (triggered by a new set of rules for students introduced by the authorities), spent three days in prison, then was expelled from the University and sent back home to Shuya. 
In 1889 Balmont returned to the University but soon quit again due to nervous breakdown. He joined the Demidov’s Law college in Yaroslavl but was expelled in September 1890 and decided that he’d had enough of formal education. "I simply couldn't bring myself to studying law, what with living so intensely through passions of my heart and being deeply involved in studying German literature," he wrote in 1911. The only family member who supported Konstantin’s decision was his elder brother who studied philosophy at the time. "At the age of 13 I learned the meaning of the English word "self-help", fell in love with intellectual work and never stopped it until my dying days", Balmont wrote in the 1930s.
Debut.
In 1889 Balmont married Larisa Garelina, the daughter of a local factory-owner. The marriage proved to be unhappy one; it brought two tempestuous characters together. In 1890 he released a self-financed book called simply "Poetry Collection" (Sbornik stikhotvoreny), which included some of the pieces published in 1885. The publication has been prompted in many ways by the involvement of V.G. Korolenko, already an established writer. A couple of years earlier Korolenko received a hand-written note-book (which was sent to him by Konstantin's classmates) and replied with a letter providing serious and favourable critical analysis, praising the schoolboy’s sharp eye for small detail but pointing at the occasional lack of concentration and general hastiness. "He wrote that… one is not to chase every fleeting moth; not to whip one’s emotions up with one's thought, but rather trust and rely upon this unconscious part of human soul which accumulates momentary impressions and later ensures young flower <of a talent> blossoming," Balmont remembered. "Should you learn to concentrate and work methodically, in due time we’ll hear of your having developed into something quite extraordinary", were the last words of this remarkable letter. Much impressed with the famous writer's magnanimity, Balmont later credited Korolenko as being his 'literary Godfather'. Meanwhile, the debut collection made no impact whatsoever. Disgusted both with the book and the lack of public attention, the poet collected and burnt all of its copies. In 1888–89 Balmont published several Romantic pieces he translated from German, in 1890 and 1891 he made translations from French symbolist poetry.
In Мarch 1890 a near fatal accident occurred: Balmont attempted suicide by jumping off the 3rd floor window. He survived, but broke his leg and received multiple injuries which left him bed-ridden for a year. The immediate impulse has been provided apparently by Tolstoy’s "Kreytzerova Sonata", but there was more rational reason behind it: the falling apart of his marriage, alcohol abuse and financial difficulties (his parents, who loathed Larisa, have left the pair without support). The year of recuperation, though, became an important turning point for Balmont, who, in his words, experienced "the unusual mental agitation and the ensuing rush of cheerfulness". It was then that he recognized 'life’s sacred value' and envisaged his 'poetic mission'.
After the divorce Balmont for some time was destitute: none of the literary journals showed interest in his own work. "My first book, of course, was a total failure. People dear to me with their negativism made this fiasco even less bearable," he wrote in 1903, meaning apparently Larisa, but also his University friends who scorned the debut collection for being 'reactionary' and its author, for "abandoning the ideals of social struggle". Again, Korolenko came to help. "The poor guy is very shy; a mere attention to his work would make great difference", he wrote to Mikhail Albov, one of "Severny Vestnik"‘s editors, in September 1891.
Professor Nikolay Storozhenko of Moscow University gave the struggling poet some more practical help. "If it was not for him I would have died of hunger. He gave me a fatherly helping hand," the latter remembered. Professor accepted Balmont's essay on Shelley and in October 1892, during young poet's first trip to the capital, introduced him to the influential "Severny Vestnik" clique. Here for the first time Balmont met Nikolay Minsky, Dmitry Merezhkovsky and Zinaida Gippius (although the latter's cool animosity rather spoiled his overall enthusiasm). Even more importantly, Storozhenko introduced Balmont to K.T.Soldatenkov, a respected publisher who commissioned him to translate two fundamental works on the history of German and Italian literature. Those books, published in 1894–1895, "were feeding me for three years, making it possible for me to fulfill all my poetic ambitions,” Balmont wrote in 1922. All the while he continued to translate Shelley and Edgar Allan Poe. Balmont’s translations of Poe's ballads and short stories are still regarded as exemplary.
Another important figure who's helped launching the poet's stellar career was philanthropist Prince Alexander Urusov, an expert in West European literature who sponsored the publication of two of the Poe's books, translated by Balmont. In 1894 in the student's Circle of West European Literature fans Balmont met Valery Bryusov, who was deeply impressed by the young poet's "personality and his fanatical passion for poetry" and soon became his best friend.
1893–1899.
In December 1893 Balmont informed Nikolai Minsky in a letter: "I've written a series of my own verse and in January I'm planning to start the publishing process. I anticipate my liberal friends to be outraged for there's no liberalism in this whatsoever, while 'corrupting influences' are there aplenty". The book, "Under the Northern Sky" (Pod severnym nebom) came out in 1894, was received favorably by critics and had success with the public. Regarded as Balmont's first 'real' book, it marked the starting point in his literary career. Prince Urusov declared himself a fan while critics noted, on the one hand, the dominance of the popular 'current' themes' (laments on 'grayness’ of life, etc.), on the other, young author’s individuality, exquisiteness of form and technical versatility. The second collection, "In Limitless Darkness" (V bezbrezhnosti mraka, 1895) was seen as a much stronger effort. It was here that Balmont started experimenting with the Russian language's musical and rhythmical structures. Mainstream critics reacted coolly, but the Russian cultural elite embraced the innovator and soon he was welcomed in all the major literary journals.
In 1895 Balmont met Jurgis Baltrusaitis (a poet who in the 1919 helped him leave the Soviet Russia). Even more significant was his friendship with Sergey Poliakov, a man of many trades and talents (known as, among other things, Knut Hamsun's Russian translator) a shrewd entrepreneur who at that time was the sponsor and formal editor of the symbolist magazine "Vesy" (edited actually by Bryusov) and five years later found the "Scorpion" publishing house. All the while Balmont was engaged in an intensive self-educating process: he learned several languages, read extensively and became an expert in various subjects from Spanish painting to the Chinese culture.
In 1896 Balmont married Yekaterina Andreyeva, a fellow translator whose placidness and rationality provided a much-needed counterbalance to his own flashy and emotional character. That year the couple went abroad to travel through Western Europe.. In the spring of 1897 Oxford University invited Balmont to read lectures on the Russian poetry. "For the first time ever I’ve been given the opportunity to live my life totally in accord with my intellectual and aesthetic interests. This wealth of arts, poetry and philosophy treasures I’ll never get enough of," he wrote in a letter to critic Akim Volynsky. These European impressions have formed the basis for Balmont's third collection "The Silence" (Tishina, 1898) which was lauded by contemporary critics as his best effort to date.
1900–1905.
After two years of continuous travelling Balmont settled at Sergey Polyakov's Banki estate to concentrate on his next piece of work. In the late 1899 he informed fellow poet Lyudmila Vilkina: 
The book in question was "Burning Buildings" (Goryashchiye zdaniya, 1900), a collection of innovative verse which later came to be regarded an apex of Balmont’s legacy. At the very core of it, according to the author, was the "longing for inner liberation and self-understanding". In 1901, along with a copy of "Burning Buildings" Balmont sent Leo Tolstoy a letter, saying: "This book is a prolonged scream of a soul caught in the process of being torn apart. One might see this soul as low or ugly. But I won't disclaim not a single page of it as long I keep in me this love for ugliness which is as strong as my love of harmony". "Burning Buildings" have made Balmont the leader of the Russian Symbolism. From then on "for a decade he was hovering above everybody else in the Russian poetry. Others either meekly followed him or were struggling painfully to free themselves from his overbearing influence", wrote Valery Bryusov. 
Despite continuous partying (in the company of Sergey Polyakov and friends) Balmont's flow of creative output in those several years was virtually ceaseless. "Something new has come upon me, something more complex than I could have envisaged. I churn out one page after another, hastily, desperately trying to avoid mistakes… How unpredictable one’s soul is! One more look inside, and you see new horizons. I feel like I’ve struck a goldmine. Should I remain on it, I’ll make a book that will never die", he wrote to Ieronim Yasinsky in 1900.
In March 1901 Balmont made himself quite a name in Saint Petersburg’s revolutionary circles.. First he took part in the student demonstration on the Kazansky Sobor square, the one violently disrupted by police and Cossacks units. Then several days later he went up stage of the literary event which was held in the Duma building and read his recently written poem "Little Sultan", a vitriolic swipe at Tzar Nicolas The 2nd. The hand-written version of it became widely popular, even Lenin was reportedly much impressed. As a result, Balmont was deported from the capital and was officially banned for three years from living in the University cities. Almost immediately he flew to Paris and spent the whole of 1902 traveling from one West European country to another with lectures.
In the late 1902 "Burning Buildings" came out and Balmont became Russia’s number one literary celebrity in Russia, regarded by many as the most important poet of his generation. "Let Us Be Like the Sun. The Book of Symbols" (Budem kak solntse. Kniga simvolov) had enormous success and in retrospect is seen as his strongest one. Alexander Blok called it "unique in its unfathomable richness".
In the summer of 1903 Balmont visited Moscow, then moved to the Baltic shore to work on his next book. The collection of poetry called "Only Love" (Tolko lyubov, 1903) couldn’t possibly surpass any of his two previous masterpieces but added to the cult of Balmont. "Russia was passionately in love with him. Young men whispered his verses to their loved ones, schoolgirls scribbled them down to fill their notebooks", Teffi remembered. Many established poets – Mirra Lokhvitskaya, Valery Bryusov, Andrey Bely, Vyach. Ivanov, Maximilian Voloshin and Sergey Gorodetsky among them – treated him (in the words of Darya Makogonenko, a modern researcher) as a "genius… doomed to rise high above the world by submerging himself totally into depths of his soul"..
In 1904–1905 "Scorpion" published the two-volume set of Balmont’s best work. It was followed by "Lithurgy of Beauty. Hymns for Elements" (Liturgiya krasoty. Stikhiynye gimny) and "Fairies’ Tales" (Feinye skazki, both 1905). The first one was created much under the impression of the Russian-Japanese War, the second was a children’s book written for daughter Nina Balmont. Back from his trip to Mexico and California Balmont became involved in the 1905 street unrest, reading poems on barricades and (according to Y.Andreeva) "carrying a pistol in the pocket wherever he went". Now friends with Maxim Gorky, he contributed both to the latter’s "New Life" (Novaya zhizn) and Paris-based "Red Banner" (Krasnoye znamya) radical newspapers. In December 31, 1905, he flew to Paris so as to avoid arrest. Balmont’s posing as a political immigrant was ridiculed in Russia, but many years later archive researchers found conclusive evidence for the fact that the Russian secret police regarded the poet as 'dangerous political activist' and was making efforts to trace his every move in the West, of which there were many.
1906–1917.
Balmont's next two books collected pieces written during and in the wake of the First Russian revolution events. "Poems" (Stikhotvorenya, 1906) were immediately confiscated by the police; "Songs of the Avenger" (Pesni mstitelya, 1907), containing direct calls for assassination of the Tzar ("You should be killed, you’ve become everyone's grief". - "To Nicolas the Last") were banned in Russia and came out in Paris. Another one, "Vile Charms" (Zlyiye tchary, 1906), was banned for its allegedly anti-religious sentiments. None of this fuss, though, could make up for the fact that the poet's muse mysteriously abandoned him: both critics and fellow poets (close friend Brysov among them) saw these forays into socio-political spheres as total failures. Russian folklore-orientated "Firebird. Slav’s Svirel" (Zhar-ptitsa. Svirel slavyanina, 1907), "Hortus conclusus. Words Like Kisses" (Zelyony vertograd. Slova potseluinyie, 1909) and "Ancient Calls" (Zovy drevnosty, 1909), even if radically different, bore the same sign of deep artistic crisis, of which the poet himself, apparently, was totally unaware. Most notable Balmont's work of the time, three non-poetry books – "Mountain Peaks" (Gornyie vershiny, 1904), "White Heat Lightnings" (Belyie zarnitsy, 1908) and "The Luminous Sea" (Morskoye svetchenyie, 1910), - were collections of essays on Russian and foreign authors.
In 1907–1912 Balmont travelled continuously. Different brands of ethnic folklore and esoteric ideas formed the basis of his next books: "Snakes' Flowers" (Zmeinyie tsvety. 1910), "White Architect" (1914) and "The Osiris Land" (1914). "I want to enrich my mind, for too many personal things’ been jamming it off over the years," he explained. In 1913 the political amnesty (declared in time for the Romanovs' 300 years Jubilee) made it possible for Balmont to return home where he found himself in the center of public attention, a hero of banquets, ceremonies and extravagant celebrations. 1914 saw the beginning of the "Complete Balmont" in ten volumes publication which continued in the course of the next seven years.
Touring Russia and abroad, Balmont continued translating – among other things, Hindu, Georgian and Japanese folklore originals. The break out of the World War I found him the poet in France and he had to make a trip through Britain, Norway and Sweden to finally return home in May 1915. By this time Balmont has discovered for himself a new genre in poetry: he wrote 255 sonnets which were published under the title "Sonnets of the Sun, the Moon and the Honey" (Sonety solntsa, myoda i Luny, 1917). This, along with "Fraxinus. Vision of a Tree" (Yasen. Videniye dreva, 1916), was moderately successful in Russia, but still critics deplored "overall monotony and banality of linguistic decorativeness" which his verse was still being apparently plagued by.
1917–1942.
Balmont welcomed the February Revolution and even became the member of the Society of Proletarian Art, but soon got disillusioned, joined the Cadet party and praised Lavr Kornilov in one of the newspaper articles.. The October revolution horrified Balmont and made him repudiate many of his views of the past. Being the 'absolute freedom' idea apologist, he condemned the dictatorship of proletariat doctrine as destructive and suppressive. Still, in his "Revolutionary: Am I or Am I Not?" autobiographical essay Balmont argued that a poet should keep away from political parties and keep "his individual trajectory which is more akin to that of a comet rather than a planet".
1918–1919 were the years of enormous hardship for Balmont who, now living in Petrograd with his third wife Yelena Tsvetkovskaya (and their daughter Mirra), had to support Yekaterina Andreeva (and Nina) whom he from time to time visited in Moscow. He struck close friendship with Marina Tsvetayeva, another poet virtually on the verge of physical collapse. Unwilling to collaborate with the Bolsheviks (whose "hands were smeared with blood", as he declared openly at one of the literary meetings) he still occasionally had to. In 1920 A.Lunacharsky (much under the pressure from Jurgis Baltrushaitis, then the head of Lithuanian diplomatic mission in Moscow) gave Balmont a permission to leave the country. B. Zaitsev later opined that what Baltrushaitis did was actually save Balmont's life. For, according to S.Litovtsev (a Russian critic who lived in immigration) at one of the Cheka secret meetings the fate of Balmont was discussed: "those demanding him being put to a firing squad just happened to be in minority at the time", and he has been left alone for a while. On May 25, 1920, Balmont and his family left Russia for good.
In Paris Balmont found himself in an ideological crossfire. Radical Russian emigres saw his too easy an exit suspicious and started insinuating about him being a Communist sympathizer. In a way Lunacharsky with his apologetic article ensuring the public at home that Balmont’s stance wasn’t in any way anti-Bolshevist played up to these suspicions. On the other hand, Balmont has said negative things the Bolshevist Russia and this gave the Soviet press the reason to accuse of "treacherousness” a poet, who "having been sent to the West on a mission to collect common people's revolutionary poetry abused the trust of the Soviet government." Condemning repressions in Russia, though, Balmont was critical of his new environment too, speaking of many things that horrified him in the West. What caused him most trouble, though, was his longing for Russia. "There wasn’t another Russian poet in exile who’d suffer so painfully his being severed from his roots", wrote Yuri Terapiano. For Balmont his European experience was "life among aliens". "Russia is what I long for. Emptiness, emptiness everywhere. Not a trace of spirituality here in Europe," he complained in a December 1921 letter to Yekaterina Andreeva.
In 1921 Balmont moved out of Paris into the province where he and his family rented houses, mostly in Brittany, Vendee and Gironde. 1926 he spent in Bordeaux. In the late 1920s Balmont's criticism of both the Soviet Russia and the leftist Western elite (Romain Rolland in particular), indifferent, as he saw it, to the plight of the Russian people, was becoming more pronounced. Great Britain’s acknowledgement of the legitimacy of (in Balmont's words) "the international gang of bandits who seized power in Moscow and Saint Petersburg, weakened by our military defeat" has rendered "a fatal blow to the last remnants of honesty in the post-War Europe". All the while, unlike his conservative friend Ivan Shmelyov, Balmont’s politics were liberal: he detested fascism and right-wing nationalist ideas. At the same time he shied the Russian ex-Socialists (like Kerensky and Fondaminsky) and expressed horror at France’s enchantment with Socialism. His views in many ways were similar to those of Ivan Bunin; the two (who’s never been friends) were speaking in one voice on many occasions.
In immigration Balmont continued to write a lot. He published several books of poetry: "A Gift to Earth" (Dar Zemle), "Lightened Hour" (Svetly tchas, both 1921), "Haze" (Marevo, 1922), "Mine to hers. Poems of Russia" (Moyo — ei. Stikhi o Rossiyi, 1923), "Stretching Horizons" (V razdvinutoi dali, 1929), "Northern Lights" (Severnoye siyaniye, 1933), "Blue Horseshoe" (Golubaya podkova) and "Serving the Light" (Svetosluzheniye, both 1937). He released autobiographies and memoirs: "Under the New Sickle" (Pod novym serpom), "The Airy Path" (Vozdushny put, both 1923) and "Where Is My Home?" (Gde moi dom?, Prague, 1924). Balmont’s poetry of the emigration period was not popular with his contemporaries: Vladimir Nabokov called his verse "jarring" and "it's new melodies false". Nina Berberova argued that Balmont totally exhausted his muse while in Russia and none of his later work was worthy of attention. Modern Russian critics assess Balmont’s last books more favourably, seeing them as lacking in flamboyance, but being more accessible and demonstrating more depth. Poet Nikolay Bannikov called poems "Pines in Dunes" (Dyunnyie sosny) and "Russian Language" (Russkiy yazyk) "little masterpieces". In the late 1920s Balmont was still touring, reading lectures (in Poland, Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Lithuania) and translated a lot. Returning to Russia became his idee fix which never transpired.
In the early 1930s life for Balmont became hard, as financial support from the Czech and Yugoslav governments' literary funds ceased. The poet who had to support three women (of whom daughter Mirra’s erratic behavior was a constant source of trouble) has fallen into poverty. Ivan Shmelyov provided moral support and addressed philanthropers; professor Vladimir Zeeler regularly provided financial help. Things worsened in 1932 when it became clear that Balmont was suffering from mental illness (triggered to some extent, apparently, by his alcohol abuse in 1920s). He’s never lost neither his mind, nor a sense of humor. Of a car accident which left him with some bruises and a costume spoiled, he wrote to a friend in 1936: "The quality of life of a Russian immigrant is such that the thought of what would be more profitable to lose: trousers or legs on which they are usually on, becomes a serious dilemma". In April 1936 the group of Russian writers and musicians abroad celebrated the 50th anniversary of Balmont's literary career by staging a charity event; among organizers and contributors were Ivan Shmelyov, Ivan Bunin, Boris Zaitsev, Sergei Rachmaninoff and Mark Aldanov. In 1939–1940 the Russian Nazis in Paris tried to bring up the poet's "revolutionary past" to the attention of their German masters, but the latter (according to Yuri Terapiano) showed total indifference to the fact. Balmont died on December 23, 1942 in the "Russian House" asylum, due to complications of pneumonia. He was buried in Noisy-le-Grand's Catholic cemetery with four words engraved on a grey tomb: "Constantin Balmont, poete russe". Few people were present, among them Boris Zaitsev, daughter Mirra and Jurgis Baltrushaitis' widow.
Personality.
Konstantin Balmont has been characterized variously as theatrical, pretentious and outright egotistical, his behaviour was on more than one occasion described as erratic and irrational. He could sprawl himself on a cobbled street of Paris to make an upcoming fiacre stop abruptly, or, dressed in a coat and hat, enter a pond at night so as "to experience something new and express this in poetry." What fans saw as whimsies of a genius, others treated as cheap posturing aiming to impress. Boris Zaitsev remembered how his wife became duly appalled when Balmont (who was a neighbour) once asked her: "Vera, would you prefer a poet coming to Boris’ room by air, by-passing banal trails of the real world?" - We were aware of one of his earlier attempts of the kind and would rather prefer his visits performed in the most banal, natural ways," Zaitsev added. Ridiculing good-humouredly his neighbour’s vain eccentricities, he remembered episodes when Balmont "could be altogether different person: very sad and very simple".
There's been certainly more to the poet’s real personality than drunken escapades or impulsive follies he gained notoriety for. Poet Andrey Bely spoke of Balmont as of a lonely and vulnerable man, totally out of touch with the real world. Inconsistency marred his creativity too: "He’s failed to connect and harmonize those riches he’s been given by nature, aimlessly spending his spiritual treasures," Bely argued. Duality was intrinsic to the way Balmont acted and even looked. According to Bely, 
"Balmont was a poseur and reasons for this were obvious. Ever crowded by worshippers, he was trying to bear himself in a manner he saw as befitting a great poet, head cast back, brow furrowed... It was laughter that gave him away… This childish laughter could say a lot of the nature of those ridiculous shenanigans of his. Just like a child, he was always moved by a momentary impulse," wrote Teffi. Close friend Valery Bryusov explained quirks and deviations in Balmont’s ways by "the deep poetic nature of his self". "He lives in a poet's way finding in life’s every moment it’s full richness. That is why one shouldn’t judge him by common criteria," Bryusov wrote.
Many remembered Balmont as an extraordinary warm and humane person. Piotr Pertsov who knew him from teenage years, characterized Balmont as "very nice, friendly and considerate young man". Marina Tsvetayeva, Balmont’s close friend at the times of hardship, insisted that the poet was "a kind of man who’d give a needy one his last piece of bread, his last log of wood". Mark Talov, a Soviet translator who in the 1920s found himself penniless in Paris, remembered how often, after having left Balmont’s house he would find money in a pocket; the poet (who was very poor himself) preferred the anonymous way of help so as not to confuse a visitor.
Some dismissed Balmont’s childishness as an affectation, others saw it as something genuine. Boris Zaitsev thought Valentin Serov with his portrait came closest to depicting Balmont's brisk, belligerent character. "Cheerful, easy to burst out, ready to retort sharply or effusively. To make a parallel with the world of birds, he'd be a colourful chantecler, greeting daylight and life itself," Zaitsev wrote.
Bohemian habits notwithstanding, Balmont was a hard worker, highly proficient and prolific. Wherever he went, he never stopped learning, seeping in myriads of facts concerning the place’s history and culture. Eccentric to many, he seemed rational and logical to some. Publisher Sergey Sabashnikov remembered the poet as "accurate, punctual, pedantic and never slovenly… Such accuracy made Balmont a very welcome client," Sabashnikov added.
Family.
There is an element of controversy as to Konstantin Balmont’s (and his second name’s) origins. Common knowledge has it that his father Dmitry Konstantinovich Balmont (1835—1907) was a nobleman of Scandinavian (probably Scottish) ancestry. In his 1903 short autobiography the poet wrote: 
The less exotic, alternative version of this has been suggested by the poet's second wife Yekaterina Andreeva. According to her "Memoirs", Balmont’s grand-grandfather on his father’s side Ivan Andreyevich Balamut (the Ukrainian surname, meaning "trouble-maker", "rabble-rouser") served as a cavalry sergeant in Catherine the Great's Imperial Guard regiment (Andreyeva insisted she saw the proof in the original parchment-written document that's been kept in the family archives). A landowner in Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Ivan Balamut has got his name somehow modified into Balmont. This second version has its own detractors, though. According to Tatyana Alexandrova, an authority on Mirra Lokhvitskaya and Balmont, "It would have been logical that a foreign name should be transformed by common people of rural area into a folkish, recognizable version, but certainly not vice versa."
Dmitry Konstantinovich, Vera Nikolayevna and all of their relatives pronounced the surname as Ba?lmont, first syllable stressed. The poet insisted that he personally (and officially) changed his surname into Balmo?nt and asked everybody to pronounce it accordingly. He cited "a certain woman's whimsy" as the only reason for his decision to make this change.
Private life.
In 1889 Balmont married Larisa Mikhaylovna Garelina, the daughter of a factory-owner in Shuya, described as "a Botticellian beauty (with the "Birth of Venus" serving here apparently for a point of reference). The poet’s mother who initially assisted young people’s getting to know each other, subsequently forbade her son to marry the girl. Balmont was adamant and had to sever all ties with his family to implement his decision. This marriage was doomed from the very start. Garelina was described as a neurasthenic who "was giving poet love of a truly demonic nature", sympathized with neither his literary ambitions nor revolutionary inclinations, was suffering from bouts of violent jealousy and was responsible for his well-publicized alcohol-related excesses (this last idea has been propagated by Balmont himself, notably in the autobiographical poem "Forest Fires"). The poet's first suicidal attempt on March 13, 1890, was believed to have been the direct result of the catastrophe that his marriage proved to be. The couple's first son died in infancy; the second, Nikolai, was known to have suffered from mental illness. Later some critics warned against demonizing Larisa Garelina’s character, pointing at the fact that years later she married well-known Russian journalist and literature historian Nikolai Engelgardt and enjoyed perfectly normal family life with him. Their daughter Anna Engelgardt became the second wife of poet Nikolai Gumilyov.
Yekaterina Alekseyevna Andreyeva (1967–1952), the poet's second wife, came from rich merchants' family, related to Sabashikovs, the well-known Moscow-based publishers' clan. She was (as friends remembered her) an exceptionally well-educated woman, tall, elegant and slender, somewhat aloof, strong-minded and attractive. Andreyeva was (according to her "Memoirs") passionately (and unrequitedly) in love with Prince Alexander Urusov and for a while was leaving infatuated Balmont’s passes without notice. The latter prevailed, finally she fell for him and on September 27, 1896, the couple married and instantly left for France (one reason being the fact that the husband was still not officially divorced at the time). Andreyeva and Balmont had much in common: they even formed a translational tandem working together on the works of Gerhart Hauptmann, Oscar Wilde and others. Andreyeva, according to Boris Zaitsev, was a leading force in the family. Under her control the poet was "in strong, healthy and loving hands", well disciplined and leading a working man's life. In 1901, daughter Nina Balmont (later Bruni, died in Moscow in 1989 году) was born; it was for her that the poet wrote "A Fairy's Tale", the 1905 book of children's verses.
In the early 1900s, while in Paris, Balmont met Yelena Konstantinovna Tsvetkovskaya (1880–1943), general K. G. Tzvetkovsky's daughter, who was at the time studying mathematics in Sorbonne and was the poet's ardent fan. Balmont, as some of his letters suggested, had never been in love with her, but soon found himself in many ways dependent on the girl who proved to be a loyal, devoted friend. Balmont's family life got seriously complicated after Tsvetkovskaya in 1907 gave birth to a daughter. Balmont called her Mirra in memory of a poet Mirra Lokhvitskaya who died in 1905 and whom he had passionate but platonic relations with. Torn apart between the two families, in 1909 Balmont attempted suicide for the second time (jumping out a window) and again survived. Up until 1917 he lived in Saint Petersburg with Tsvetkovskaya and Mirra, occasionally visiting Yekaterina and Nina in Moscow. While in immigration Balmont continued to correspond with Andreeva until 1934 (when such links between relatives were officially banned in the USSR).
Teffi thus described Balmont and Tsvetkovskaya: "He the room, head held high, a true Fame’s laurels bearer, neck wrapped in a black tie of a kind Lermontov might have found useful but nobody would even dream of wearing today. Lynx’ eyes, mane of long reddish hair. Followed by a shadow, Yelena: small, thin, dark-skinned creature who was obviously depending in life on two strong things: tea and her love." The couple, according to Teffi, communicated in strange and pretentious manner. "She was always calling him 'a poet', never – 'my husband'. A simple phrase: 'My husband asks for a drink' in their special argot would turn into something like: 'A poet is willing to appease his thirst'." Unlike Andreeva, Yelena Tsvetkovskaya was totally helpless in domestic life and had no influence whatsoever over Balmont, whom she felt as her duty to follow wherever he went to drink, spending nights by his side, never being able take him home. "Small wonder that, leading such a life, at 40 she looked like a very old woman," Teffi remarked.
The last woman Balmont has been romantically linked with was Dagmar Shakhovskaya (1893–1967), an Estonian baroness. The lovers met rarely, but had two children: George (1922–194?) and Svetlana (b. 1925). Balmont wrote to her almost daily; all in all 858 of his letters and postcards remained. Still, it was Yelena Tsvetkovskaya who was remaining beside him till his dying day. She died in 1943, a year after her husband. Mirra Balmont (in marriage Boychenko, then Autina) published poetry as Aglaya Gamayun. She died in Paris in 1970.
Cultural references.
Many Russian composers set Balmont's poetry to music: Mikhail Gnessin, Nikolai Myaskovsky, Nikolai Obukhov, Sergei Prokofiev, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Maximilian Steinberg, Igor Stravinsky, and Sergei Taneyev. His poems are frequently performed as songs.
One of his best known works is his free Russian translation of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Bells", which formed the basis of Rachmaninoff's choral symphony of the same name, Op. 35.

</doc>
<doc id="2919219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919219" title="Condylago">
Condylago

Condylago is a genus of tropical orchid in the Pleurothallidinae subtribe. The name refers to the articulation of the lip which, like the genus "Acostaea", is sensitive and snaps up when triggered. The type species is "Condylago rodrigoi", described by Carlyle A. Luer in 1982. The leaves are up to about 4" long. Each inflorescence has many flowers and each flower may last for several months. Orchids in this genus have no pseudobulbs.
"Condylago rodrigoi" is found only in Colombia at altitudes ranging from 4,600 feet (1,400 m) to 5,250 feet (1,600 m). It was named in honor of Sr. Rodrigo Escobar of Medellin, Colombia, who had successfully cultivated this species since its discovery.
In 2007, a second species, "Condylago furculifera", was described from Panama. The differences from "Condylago rodrigoi" include sepals which are more sparsely developed and less white more villous (shaggy), the absence of decurrent basal lobes on the obovate-pan-durate petals, and a viscid lip-callus that is ovate rather than orbicular. 

</doc>
<doc id="2919224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919224" title="Kavrepalanchowk District">
Kavrepalanchowk District

Kavrepalanchowk District(), (spelling also: Kabhrepalanchok or Kavrepalanchok) a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dhulikhel as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,396 km2 and has a population (2011) of 381,937.
References.
Neppol Megasite

</doc>
<doc id="2919226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919226" title="Khotang District">
Khotang District

Khotang District(), a part of Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Diktel as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,591 km² and has a population (2011) of 206,312. Khotang is part of the area traditionally called Majh Kirat/Kirant (middle Kirat), home to indigenous ethnic Kirat Rai people. Apart from Rais, other ethnic groups and hill castes live in Khotang.
Towns and villages (Village Development Committees).
Ainselu Kharka,
Arkhale,
Badahare,
Badka Dipali
Bahunidanda,
Bakachol,
Baksila,
Bamrang,
Barahapokhari,
Baspani,
Batase,
Bijaya Kharka,
Buipa,
Chhitapokhari,
Chhorambu,
Chipring,
Chisapani,
Chyandada,
Chyasmitar,
Damarkhu Shivalaya,
Dandagaun,
Devisthan,
Dharapani,
Dhitung,
Diktel,
Diktel Solma,
Dikuwa,
Diplung,
Dipsung,
Dorpachiuridada,
Dumekoldada,
Dumre Dharapani,
Durchhim,
Faktang,
Ghitung,
Hauchour,
Indrayani Pokhari,
Jalapa,
Jyamire,
Kahalle,
Kaule,
Kharmi,
Kharpa,
Khartamchha,
Khidima,
Khotang Bazar,
Kuvinde,
Lafyang,
Lamidanda,
Lichki Ramche,
Linkuwa Pokhari,
Magpa,
Mahadevasthan,
Mangaltar,
Mattim Birta,
Mauwabote,
Nerpa,
Nirmalidada,
Nunthala,
Patheka,
Pauwasera,
Phedi,
R. Maheswori,
Rajapani,
Rakha Bangdel,
Rakha Dipsung,
Ratancha Majhagau,
Ribdung Jaleswori,
Ribdung Maheswori,
Salle,
Santeswor Chhitapokhari,
Sapteswor,
Saunechaur,
Sawakatahare,
Simpani,
Solma,
Sungdel,
Suntale,
Tempa,
Woplukha,
Bopung, 
Yamkhya
References.
Manojkhotang

</doc>
<doc id="2919227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919227" title="Fan Kuai">
Fan Kuai

Fan Kuai (242–189 BCE) was a military general who lived in the early Western Han dynasty. He was a prominent figure of the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BCE), a power struggle for supremacy over China between the Han dynasty's founder Liu Bang and his rival Xiang Yu.
Early life.
Fan Kuai was a close friend of Liu Bang and they were from the same hometown of Pei County (present-day Feng County, Jiangsu). In his early days, he was a butcher and specialised in preparing dog meat. He married Lü Xu, the younger sister of Liu Bang's wife Lü Zhi.
Rebelling against the Qin dynasty.
Once, Liu Bang released the prisoners he was escorting and became a fugitive in hiding on Mount Mangdang near Pei County. Following the Dazexiang Uprising in 209 BCE, the magistrate of Pei County also wanted to rebel as well so he heeded Xiao He and Cao Shen's advice, and sent Fan Kuai to Mangdang to invite Liu Bang and his men back to help him. However, the magistrate changed his mind later and denied Liu Bang entry into the city. The citizens responded to Liu Bang's call and killed the magistrate, allowing Liu and his men to return home. Liu Bang was then known as "Duke of Pei" and Fan Kuai served as one of his close aides and bodyguards. Fan Kuai distinguished himself on the battlefield as a mighty warrior and capable general. He fought in many battles on Liu Bang's side and claimed the heads of enemies in increasing order in each battle, and was rewarded with promotions to higher ranks each time.
Chu–Han contention.
Fan Kuai is best known for defending Liu Bang at the Feast at Hong Gate, which was actually a trap set to kill Liu. He rushed to Liu Bang's defence when he heard that Xiang Yu's advisor Fan Zeng intended to have Liu killed. Fan Kuai chided Xiang Yu openly, making a speech about Liu Bang's accomplishments and stating that it would be unjust for Xiang to kill Liu. Xiang Yu was impressed by Fan Kuai's bravery and offered him a seat at the feast. Liu Bang escaped from the feast later on the pretext of going to the latrine, with Fan Kuai accompanying him.
After the fall of the Qin dynasty, Xiang Yu divided the former Qin Empire into the Eighteen Kingdoms, appointed Liu Bang as "King of Han" with the lands of Shu as his fiefdom. Liu Bang seized the lands of the Three Qins and engaged in a long power struggle with Xiang Yu for supremacy over China, historically known as the Chu–Han Contention. Fan Kuai participated actively in many of the battles between the two contending forces and became famous for his prowess in battle.
Service during the Han dynasty.
After the establishment of the Han dynasty, Emperor Gaozu (Liu Bang) granted Fan Kuai the title of "Marquis of Wuyang" (舞陽侯) in recognition of Fan's contributions to the dynasty's founding. After Fan Kuai's death, he was posthumously conferred the title of "Marquis of Wu" (武侯) while his son Fan Kang inherited his title of "Marquis of Wuyang". Fan Kuai's wife Lü Xu was put to death in the aftermath of the Lü Clan Disturbance in 180 BCE and Fan Kang was killed as well. Several months later, Emperor Wen conferred the title on Fan Shiren, another son of Fan Kuai who was not born to Lü Xu.
Modern references.
In Chinese folk religion, Fan Kuai is sometimes regarded as a patron deity of butchers. In the action RPG "Prince of Qin", Fan Kuai appears as a non-playable character and the player can find out Liu Bang's whereabouts from him.

</doc>
<doc id="2919231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919231" title="Draconanthes">
Draconanthes

Draconanthes (from Greek, "dragon flower") is a genus of orchids, comprising two species. These have rigid, fleshy sepals and fleshy petals with a thick lip, and are borne on successively flowered racemes. One species is endemic to Ecuador, the other is found through the Andes at high elevations.
These two species were previously included in the genus "Lepanthes".

</doc>
<doc id="2919233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919233" title="Simon Youl">
Simon Youl

Simon John Arthur Youl (born 1 July 1965, in Symmons Plains, Tasmania) is a former professional tennis player from Australia.
Tennis career.
Youl was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder from 1981 to 1984.
Juniors.
As a junior player, Youl formed a highly successful doubles partnership with his fellow Australian player Mark Kratzmann. In 1983, the pair won the Boys' Doubles titles at the French Open, Wimbledon and the US Open. In singles, he reached three slam finals, attaining a ranking as high as No. 5 in the junior world rankings in 1983.
Junior Slam results:
Australian Open: F (1982, 1983)
French Open: 3R (1983)
Wimbledon: QF (1983)
US Open: F (1983)
Pro tour.
As a professional player, Youl won two top-level singles titles (at Schenectady in 1989, and Singapore in 1992), and two tour doubles titles (Casablanca in 1990, and Bucharest in 1994). His best singles performances at Grand Slam events came in reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon in 1988 (lost to Stefan Edberg) and the Australian Open in 1990 (lost to Ivan Lendl).
Youl's career-high rankings were World No. 80 in singles and World No. 63 in doubles (both in 1992).
Retirement.
He retired from the professional tour in 1994 (playing one Challenger event the following year). Since retiring as a player, he has worked as a tennis coach and is the current State and National High Performance Academy Coach in Hobart, Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="2919234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919234" title="Lamjung District">
Lamjung District

Lamjung District ( , a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Besisahar as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,692 km² and has a population (2001) of 177,149. Lamjung mainly consists of agricultural villages. The picture on the right is a scene taken in a village called "Kapur Gaun". CHESS Nepal is based in Lamjung District.

</doc>
<doc id="2919242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919242" title="Tatebayashi Station">
Tatebayashi Station

Lines.
Tatebayashi Station is served by the Tobu Isesaki Line, and is located 74.6 km from the line's Tokyo terminus at .
History.
The station opened as on 27 August 1907. It was renamed Tatebayashi on 1 March 1937.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on all Tobu lines, with Tatebayashi Station becoming "TI-10".

</doc>
<doc id="2919243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919243" title="Saint Denis Street">
Saint Denis Street

Saint Denis Street () is a major north-south thoroughfare in Montreal, Quebec.
It extends from the Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel on Saint Paul Street in Old Montreal to the bank of the Rivière des Prairies at the north end of the island. It is designated Route 335 from Sherbrooke Street to the Metropolitan Expressway, and is known as Bonsecours Street south of Saint Antoine Street. Along its length, it passes through the boroughs of Ville-Marie, Le Plateau-Mont-Royal, Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie, Villeray–Saint-Michel–Parc-Extension, and Ahuntsic-Cartierville.
Saint-Denis serves as one of the primary thoroughfares of both the Latin Quarter, where it plays host to a number of bars and restaurants, to the Plateau Mont-Royal, where it is known as one of the best places to view Montreal's distinct style of architecture. It becomes primarily a residential street north of the Metropolitan Expressway. The eastern portion of the Montreal Metro's Orange Line runs parallel to the street, two blocks to the east.
It is named for Saint Denis of Paris.
Route description.
South of the Ville-Marie Expressway, the street crosses Old Montreal and is named rue Bonsecours. North of the Ville-Marie Expressway, it becomes Saint Denis Street and crosses the Quartier Latin. In the Quartier Latin, its vocation is primarily touristic and leisure-related, with restaurants and theatres located along this stretch. Near Saint Catherine Street, it crosses the downtown Université du Québec à Montréal (UQAM) campus while a little further north, it borders the Cégep du Vieux Montréal.
North of Sherbrooke Street, Saint Denis Street enters the borough of Le Plateau Mont-Royal. In the Plateau-Mont-Royal and Rosemont-La Petite-Patrie to the north, it is a commercial street lined with small stores. Parallel streets are mostly residential. To the west, Saint Laurent Boulevard also serves a commercial purpose.
In the boroughs of Villeray-Saint-Michel-Parc-Extension and Ahuntsic-Cartierville, Saint Denis Street is mainly residential. However, several businesses including green grocers and Vietnamese restaurants are located on the street. It is also one of the gateways to the Metropolitan Expressway. North of Crémazie Boulevard, it is a one-way northbound street with little traffic since the northbound Highway 335 continues along the Lajeunesse Street and Berri Street.
History.
Saint Denis Street opened in the early nineteenth century on land acquired by Louis-Joseph Papineau (1786−1871) and his aunt Perine Charles Cherrier, widow of Denis Viger (1741−1805).
Extended several times, Saint Denis Street developed gradually after the construction of Saint Jacques Cathedral in 1836, facing Place Pasteur. Subsequently, it reached Sherbrooke Street near the end of the 19th century. During the mid-nineteenth century, this tree-lined residential street was inhabited by several representatives of the French Canadian elite. Before the end of the century, it begun to transform into a commercial street, ascending slowly northward.
In the early 20th century, the section of the Saint Denis Street between Dorchester Street (now René Lévesque Boulevard) and Sherbrooke Street became the center of Montreal's francophone intellectual elite. Located in the area were the Université Laval à Montréal (current site of the pavilion Hubert Aquin, UQAM), the École Polytechnique de Montréal, the Saint-Sulpice Library and many bookstores. It was deserted by academics following the relocation of Université of Montreal and École Polytechnique on the northern slope of Mount Royal. From the late 1970s, the academic character of the neighbourhood returned with the construction of pavilions for the Université du Québec à Montréal, around the steeple of the old Saint Jacques Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="2919246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919246" title="Lalitpur District, Nepal">
Lalitpur District, Nepal

Lalitpur District (, a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Patan as its district headquarters, covers an area of 385 km² and has a population (2001) of 337,785. It is one of the three districts in the Kathmandu Valley, along with Kathmandu and Bhaktapur. Its population was 466,784 in the initial 2011 census tabulation.
Towns and villages.
Ashrang
Education.
Cites of Lalitpur District have adequate education facilities which in compare other distric.
- Adarsha Bidhya Mandir (AVM)
- Little Angels school
- St. Xavier's School
- St. Mary's School
- Institute of Engineering (Pulchowk)

</doc>
<doc id="2919262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919262" title="Dresslerella">
Dresslerella

Dresslerella is a genus of miniature orchids, with about 13 species native to South and Central America. The genus is named after orchidologist Robert L. Dressler. Some species are noted to be pubescent.

</doc>
<doc id="2919277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919277" title="Mahottari District">
Mahottari District

Mahottari District (, a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Jaleswar as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,002 km² and had a population of 553,481 in 2001 and 627,580 in 2011.
Its headquarters is located in Jaleshwar, a neighbouring town of the historical city of Janakpur. The name Jaleshwar means the 'God in Water'. One can find a famous temple of Lord Shiva in Water there. Jaleshwar lies at a few kilometres distance from the Nepal-India border.

</doc>
<doc id="2919280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919280" title="Makwanpur District">
Makwanpur District

Makwanpur District(, a part of Narayani Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Hetauda as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,426 km² and had a population of 392,604 in 2001 and 420,477 in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2919282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919282" title="Morang District">
Morang District

Morang District ( ), a part of Koshi Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Biratnagar as its district headquarters, covers an area of and has a population (2011) of 964,709. The district has a diversity of cultures and religions. It has a long history dating from the ninth century.
Geography and Climate.
Morang lies in the southern Terai, or plains, of Eastern Nepal. Most of the land is taken up by rice and jute cultivation, though areas of sal forest remain along the northern part of the district where the plains meet the hills.
Economy.
Most of the district is rural, though it is also home to Biratnagar, the second largest city in Nepal after Kathmandu. Other minor towns include Urlabari, Biratchowk,Belbari,Pathari and Rangeli. It also boasts the largest industrial area in the whole country, expanding from Rani Mills Area to Duhabi River. Biratnagar Jute Mills and Dhanawat Matches are among the nation's oldest industries.
Education.
Morang district is home to the historic Morang Campus,Sukuna multiple campus(Indrapur) and several other institutions of higher learning. The recent opening of Purvanchal University in Biratnagar, which offers graduate level courses in many disciplines of Arts and Liberal Sciences, is certain to make the place a college town as it attracts college graduates from most of the eastern part of the nation.
History.
The name Morang is derived from the name of the Limbu King Mawrong Mung Hang, who established the Morang Kingdom in the beginning of seventh century. His capital and fort was at Rongli, present day Rangeli. Morang was then annexed to greater Limbuwan by King Uba hang in 849 CE and ruled until 1584 CE when Limbu King Sangla Ing made Morang independent and ruled from Varatappa situated east of modern Bijaypur. The Ing Dynasty, the Sen dynasty and then the Khebang dynasty ruled Morang until 1774 CE. The Morang name fell from use after the annexation of all the Kingdoms of Limbuwan, including Morang, by King Prithivi Narayan Shah of Gorkha. The last King of Morang was Buddhi Karna Raya Khebang, who ruled from Bijaypur near Dharan.
The Kingdom of Morang, until its annexation to the Gorkha Kingdom of King Prithivi Narayan Shah, comprised all the terai lands east of the Koshi River and west of the Mawa river.
The name Morang came into use again after the shah kings divided the country into administrative districts and Morang was named after the old Morang Kingdom.
A large amount of the forest was cleared in the last century, and in the process, many settlers migrated to the district from the hills and India. The Morang plains are one of the most culturally diverse regions in Nepal.
Politics.
Morang has been a hotbed of political activity throughout Nepal's recent history producing political stalwarts such as BP Koirala, Girija Prasad Koirala, Man Mohan Adhikari, Bharat Mohan Adhikari, Upendra Yadav amongst others.
The district currently sends nine members to the national legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="2919286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919286" title="Manang District, Nepal">
Manang District, Nepal

Manang District (, a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal. The district, with Chame as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,246 km² and has a population (2001) of 9,587.
The pass of Thorung La at 5415 meters above the sea connects the district to Mustang District by providing a route between the towns of Manang and Muktinath.
The Manang Valley, which lies close to the Nepal-Tibet border, offers tremendous opportunities due to its rich natural flora and fauna.
Three tracks start from here. The first, via Thorangla, Muktinath, and Mustang to Lhasa—a journey that takes four days; the second via Naur Khola and Naurgaon, which takes five days to Lhasa; and finally the third via Larkiya bazar, which is the one most commonly used by the people of Central Nepal.
Along with the Marwaris who have migrated from India to Nepal in large numbers, the Manangies are the best known traders of Nepal. They have received special dispensation from the King to trade in South East Asia, and travel abroad with precious stones and metals, musk, herbs and other items. They import ready-made garments, watches and electronic goods. Many of the Manangies spend as much as six months away from home, returning only during the summers. Many of them reside in Kathmandu, where their children study in the English medium schools. The parents' lack of proficiency in the English language is irrelevant as it in no way affects their trading skills.
Since the area was opened to outsiders in the late 1970s, many have switched from the traditional agriculture to hoteleering.
The trail from Manang to Muktinath has been used by the locals for hundreds of years to transport huge herds of sheep and yak in and out of Manang. It is an important route for the people of the region.
The northern parts of Manang Valley are dry, brown and desolate places, very different from the thick forests and brown green valleys of Sikkim and Eastern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="2919287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919287" title="Parliament House, Perth">
Parliament House, Perth

Parliament House, Perth is located on Harvest Terrace in West Perth, Western Australia. It is the home of the Parliament of Western Australia, including the Western Australian Legislative Council and Western Australian Legislative Assembly. It features Greek Revival architecture elements.
Initially, the Legislative Council was housed in the small 1830s government offices in St Georges Terrace, and the Legislative Assembly in Howick Street near the Town Hall. An 1897 Royal Commission recommended proposals to house the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly in the same building, and suggested two possible locations: the site of the existing Legislative Council in St Georges Terrace, and the hill in Harvest Terrace, behind the Pensioner Barracks. After designs were completed for both sites, the Royal Commission recommended the St Georges Terrace site. Politicians J. W. Hackett and George Leake favoured the Harvest Terrace site, which was eventually chosen by Parliament.
An Australia-wide competition was held for the design of Parliament House, adjudicated by the government architect of New South Wales. He did not recommend any of the entries, but gave awards of merit. One of the awards went to four officers of the Public Works Department. The decision was then referred to the parliamentary committee, which awarded the design to the Public Works Department whose chief architects were John Grainger (1897-1905) and Hillson Beasley, who became acting chief from November 1903 during Grainger's absence through illness.
Construction of the first stage of Parliament House commenced in 1902. The walls were constructed of local brick with tile facing from Rottnest Island, Donnybrook stone, and jarrah woodwork and locally-made clay tiles. A large general room for members and a library were added to the initial design during construction, which was completed in 1904. The building opened on 28 July 1904, and "The West Australian" commented:
When the assembly members trooped into the Council Chamber to hear the Commission read, the visitors had time to criticise the extraordinary colour scheme of the Assembly Chamber, count the hundreds of black swans swimming in the blue sea of carpet, comment on the dizzying height of the galleries, and draw comparisons – born of the wearying display of stained glass and coloured wood – between the general appearance of the Chamber and that of a glorified saloon…
The eastern (city) wing was constructed between 1958 and 1964. The building was extended to the south in 1978. During the 1980s, uneventful proposals were put forward to extend the structure eastwards by covering the adjoining Mitchell Freeway, incorporating commercial development, and connecting the Parliament House precinct with St Georges Terrace.
In 1997, protesting union workers established Solidarity Park on vacant land opposite Parliament House.

</doc>
<doc id="2919294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919294" title="Dryadella">
Dryadella

Dryadella is a genus of miniature orchids, formerly included in the genus "Masdevallia". Plants are typically composed of a tuft of leaves from 3 to 6 cm long. The small (1–2 cm) flowers are often conspicuously spotted, and are borne at the base of the leaves. There are about 40 species, distributed from southern Mexico to southern Brazil and northern Argentina. In cultivation many of the species seem to respond well to being grown on cork or treefern rather than in pots. The attractive species "Dryadella edwallii", commonly known as 'Partridge in the Grass' can be easily grown into a spectacular specimen plant, full of flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="2919299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919299" title="Mugu District">
Mugu District

Mugu District(, a part of Karnali Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Gamgadhi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 3,535 km² and has a population (2012) of 55,286. Mugu is known for being both the most remote district in Nepal, as well as the least developed.
Geography and Climate.
Mugu's geography is very rugged. The biggest lake in Nepal, Rara Lake—also known as "Mahendra Daha"—lies in Mugu District.
It is one of the biggest districts of Nepal.
Pulu is one of the famous Village Development Committee (VDC) of Mugu district. There are many villages in this VDC namely Riusa, Mooh, Mangri, Serog, Dawra etc. Similarly, Seri Village Development Committee (VDC) is one of the famous VDC of the district. It is located to west of Rara VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="2919303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919303" title="Mustang District">
Mustang District

Mustang District(), a part of Dhaulagiri Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Jomsom as its headquarters, covers an area of 3,573 km² and has a population (2001) of 14,981.
The district straddles the Himalayas and extends northward onto the Tibetan plateau. Upper Mustang, the former "Lo Kingdom" comprises the northern two-thirds of the district. This kingdom was a dependency of the Kingdom of Nepal but was abolished by the republican Government of Nepal on October 7, 2008.
In addition to trekking routes through the Lo Kingdom ("Upper Mustang") and along the Annapurna Circuit in lower Mustang, the district is famous for the springs and village of Muktinath (a popular Hindu and Buddhist pilgrimage site), apples, and Marpha brandy. Mustang was a lost kingdom of Tibet where traditions may remain more Tibetan than in Tibet proper following its annexation by China.
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
The natural beauty of Mustang district
Mustang district is known as the desert of Nepal, however, it is one of the most beautiful districts. There are impressive mountains and there are lots of trees and plants which make parts of the district green, and there are rivers, small ponds and lakes.
Animals found there include snow leopard, kasturi deer, ghoral, wild boar etc., and birds like danphe, munal, kalij etc. There are lots of colourful flowers found growing in this district. Many people are attracted to visit by its natural beauty. 
Other attractions
Not only nature makes this district attractive but also the many interesting monasteries (gumba), clay-walled houses, its Tibetan culture etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2919304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919304" title="Nikolay Svyatopolk-Mirsky">
Nikolay Svyatopolk-Mirsky

Prince Nikolai Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii (, , 1833–1898) was a Russian cavalry general and politician. In 1895 he purchased the famed Mir Castle Complex, repaired and rebuilt it.
Nikolai was born to the family of Thomas Bogumile Jean Sviatopolk-Mirskii, the ambassador of the semi-independent Kingdom of Poland to Russia. Nikolai's patronymic "Ivanovich" was based on a Russified form of the third name of his father. Despite being a descendant of Polish szlachta he was brought up in Saint Petersburg and considered himself Russian.
Nikolai graduated from the Page Corps and later served in the Caucasus under Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov. During the Russo-Turkish War, 1877-1878 he commanded a division that fought at the final Battle of Shipka Pass. Since 1881 he was the ataman of the Don Cossack Voisko. In 1898 he became a member of the State Council of Imperial Russia.
Descendants of Nikolay later emigrated to the USA and settled in Philadelphia, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="2919305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919305" title="Myagdi District">
Myagdi District

Myagdi District(, a part of Dhaulagiri Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Beni as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,297 km², had a population of 114,447 in 2001 and 113,641 in 2011.
Tourism.
Myagdi district is one of the most popular destination for Tourism. The world famous Poon Hill lies in the Shikha VDC of this district. Ghorepani is the another attraction for travelers. The trekking/hiking trail Ghorepani Poon Hill Trek is considered as easy and most liked trail in Annapurna region. The flora and fauna of this district is unique. Not only in natural resources, it is rich in cultural heritage. Magars specially Pun community are welcoming the foreigners with their smile for long time. Tatopani Hot Spring is another attraction of Myagdi.
Ghorepani village is beautiful settlement and well managed lodges are available for Annapurna View trekking.

</doc>
<doc id="2919306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919306" title="Alex Wharf">
Alex Wharf

Alexander George "Alex" Wharf (born 4 June 1975) is an English former first-class cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-handed medium-fast bowler, who ended his career with the Welsh side Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Wharf commenced his first-class cricketing career with Yorkshire in 1994, and played seven such matches for the county until 1997. He later joined Nottinghamshire, before moving to Glamorgan in 2000. He never played Test cricket, but made his England One Day International debut at Trent Bridge, Nottingham, against India in 2004.
Wharf announced his retirement from cricket during the 2009 County Championship, after failing to recover from a long-term injury. In 2010, Wharf played in the South Wales Premier Cricket League for Sully Centurians. In 2011, he was added to the England and Wales Cricket Board list of reserve umpires, alongside Russell Evans and Billy Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="2919309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919309" title="Nawalparasi District">
Nawalparasi District

Nawalparasi District(, a part of Lumbini Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Ramgram (Parasi) as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,162 km2 and has a population (2011) of 643,508. This district has given birth to many Nepal's top-level people, including the late Prime Minister Tanka Prasad Acharya. The midpoint of Nepal's east–west highway (Mahendra Highway) lies in this district. Nawalparasi is the combination of two words and they are Nawalpur and parasi together known as Nawalparasi. The Nawalpur vallery is the part of greater Chitwan Valley of inner terai where most of the populations are the Hill castes people who settled migrating from the hills. The Nawalpur area is also known as the most develop area in the region because of the big industries having manufacturing plant such as Chaudhary Udhyog Gram, Gorkha Brewery, Bhirkuti Pulp and Paper Industries, Sugar Mill, and many other bigger and smaller industries. Nawalpur region has one of the most develop VDC in Nepal which is called Pragatinagar VDC, which lives up to its names. Famous towns in Nawalpur Ragion are Gaidakot,Rajahar, Pragatinagar, Kawasoti, Chormara, Arunkhola etc. Half of the Nawalpur Region is mainly hilly areas mainly populated by Magar and Chhetri peoples.
Geography and Climate.
The highest peak in Nepal's Churia range, Mt.Devechuli , is in this district.

</doc>
<doc id="2919311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919311" title="Nuwakot District">
Nuwakot District

Nuwakot District (, a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Bidur as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,121 km² and had a population of 288,478 in 2001 and 277,471 in 2011.
The district contains places of historical significance such as Nuwakot 7 storey old Palace located in the village of Devighat located at the confluence of the Tadi and Trishuli Rivers.
Towns and markets.
Trishuli ,Bidur, battaar, devighat, gagate, dhikure, choughada (chauwada), ranipauwa ,betrawati, Bagtaar. Dihi Bazar (Colony)
VDCs in Nuwakot District.
Bageswori ChokadeBalkumariBarsunchetBelkotBeteniBhadrutarBhalche BudhasingBungtangCharghareChaturaleChaughadaChautheChhapDangsingDeuraliGhyangphediDuipipalFikuriGaneshthanGaunkharkaGerkhuGhyangphediGorsyangJilingKakaniKabilasKalikahaldeKalyanpurKauleKhadgabhanjyangKharanitarKholegaun KhanigaunKintangKumariLachyangLikhuMadanpurMahakaliManakamanaNarjamandapOkharpauwaPanchakanya RalukadeviRatmateRautbesiSalmeSamari, NepalSamundradevi Samundratar Shikharbesi SikreSundaradeviSunkhaniSuryamatiTalekhuTarukaThanapatiThansingThaprekTupche Urleni

</doc>
<doc id="2919313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919313" title="Okhaldhunga District">
Okhaldhunga District

Okhaldhunga District(, a part of Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Okhaldhunga as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,074.5 km² and had a population of 156,702 in 2001 and 147,984 in 2011.
Okhaldhunga is part of area traditionally called Wallo Kirat (near Kirat), home to indigenous ethnic groups Rai and Sunuwar सुनुवार. Apart from these indigenous ethnic groups, other ethnics and hill castes live in the district.
Village Development Committees.
The district contains the following VDCs:
waksa, Balakhu, Baraneshwor, Betini, Bhadaure, Bhussinga, Bigutar, Bilandu, Chyanam, Diyale, Fediguth, Fulbari, Gamnangtar, Harkapur, Jantarkhani, Kalikadevi, Kaptigaun, Katunje, Ketuke, Khiji Chandeshwori, Khijifalate, Kuibhir, Kuntadevi, Madhavpur, Mamkha, Manebhanjyang, Moli, Mulkharka, Narmedeshwor, Palapu, Patle, Pokhare, Pokli, Prapchan, Ragani, Rajadeep, Raniban, Ratmata, Rawadolu, Rumjatar, Serna, Shreechaur, Singhadevi, Sisneri, Taluwa, Tarkerabari, Thakle, Thoksela, Thulachhap, Ubu, Vadaure, Yasam
Municipality.
Siddhicharan Municipality,

</doc>
<doc id="2919314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919314" title="Acacia ligulata">
Acacia ligulata

Acacia ligulata is a species of "Acacia", a dense shrub widespread in all states of mainland Australia. It is not considered rare or endangered.
Common names include sandhill wattle, umbrella bush, marpoo, dune wattle, small coobah, watarka, and wirra. 
The genus "Acacia" is derived from the Greek "akakia", referring to sharp thorns. The shape of the phyllodes named the species "ligulata", meaning strap-like or with a small tongue in Latin.
Description.
"Acacia ligulata" grows as an erect or spreading shrub, 2 to 4 meters tall and 3 meters across, sometimes dome-shaped, often branching from the ground. The bark is often grooved at the base, but is otherwise smooth. Its branchlets are angular with yellowish ribs, often with hair. 
The phyllodes, appearing like leaves, are light to blue green, usually linear-oblong, slightly curved, 3–10 cm long and 4-10mm wide, thick and hairless, and wrinkled during dry periods. They have a prominent yellowish mid-vein, lateral veins not apparent. pointing downward. Two to four glands are found below the center of the phyllode and near the mucro.
Yellow to orange globular flower heads of 5-6mm diameter, singular or 2 to 5 in short axillary racemes, sit on sparsely pubescent peduncles 4-10mm long. Each flower head consists of about 20 minute flowers.
The seed pods, legumes, are light brown and curved, 5–10 cm long and 5-10mm wide, constricted between the seeds and breaking easily into one-seeded segments. The stalk of the seed pod is orange to red. The seeds appear black and oval shaped, up to 3.5x3.5mm in size, situated longitudinal within the seed pod.
Taxonomy.
"A. ligulata" belongs to the "A. bivenosa" group of 12 species. Previously considered a variety of "A. salicina", differing by its rigid branches, undivided crown, and seed pod characteristics. Earlier literature mentions "A. williamsonii" as a synonym, other literature places the species in the family "Mimosaceae".
Distribution and Habitat.
"A. ligulata" is one of the most widespread species of "Acacia" in Australia, common to central and southern Australia, mostly south of the Tropic of Capricorn in arid areas. 
Charles Sturt called the habitat "‘stupendous and almost insurmountable sand-ridges of a fiery red’". This area of north-west New South Wales, the Sand Plain Mulga Shrublands, supports an open cover of shrubs and tussock grasses.
"A. ligulata" is found on sand dunes, on the fringes of salt lakes, on floodplains, in mulga and bluebush communities, in woodlands, in mallee communities.
Ecology.
"A. ligulata" grows in dense shrub communities on sand dunes, otherwise singly scattered. Fast-growing, it stabilizes sand dunes and regenerates quickly after disturbance, such as overgrazing. It is known for potential weediness due to rapid regrowth. 
It is found in the hottest and driest climates of Australia with rainfall of less than 200mm and survives light frost. It is an indicative species in sand plain mulga shrublands and was used in an emissions bioassay at Olympic Dam.
Its roots are host to witchetty grub and food for the larvae of the butterfly "Nacaduba biocellata". The phyllodes are eaten by cattle and often defoliated by rabbits around the lower part of the plant. Kangaroos and livestock use the plants as shelter. Herbivores grazing on the seedlings can severely limit regeneration.
Reproduction and Dispersal.
"A. ligulata" flowers during May to November, depending on the region, odd flowers occurring throughout the year. Seeds are produced between November and January. They have diaspores with fleshy appendages indicating dispersal by birds, including the red wattlebird, and ants (myrmecochory). Ants can transport the seeds up to 180m and disperse it within an area of 3000m² around their nest.
Uses.
"A. ligulata" is used as a hedge and windbreak, to stabilise sandy areas, for revegetation and erosion control, also in areas with salinity or alkaline conditions. It can be grown from cuttings and has been used as emergency stock fodder.
Indigenous people have used the plant by mixing its ashes with the dried and powdered leaves of "Duboisia hopwoodii" (pituri) to prepare a narcotic substance for trading. Gum produced by this species was used for consumption, and the seeds were roasted and ground to make damper. Leaves and bark were used for medicinal purposes, to treat colds, chest infections, and general illnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="2919321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919321" title="Palpa District">
Palpa District

Palpa District (, a part of Lumbini Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Tansen as its headquarters, covers an area of 1,373 km² and has a population (2001) of 268,558.
Trivia.
The shape of Palpa exactly looks like that of Nepal
External links.
~~(Also Known For:)~~

</doc>
<doc id="2919327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919327" title="Samurai Executioner">
Samurai Executioner

Samurai Executioner, known in Japan as , is a 10-volume manga created by writer Kazuo Koike and artist Goseki Kojima, the same team that created the popular "Lone Wolf and Cub" series. The series was first serialized in Japan, from 1972–1976, arriving two years after "Lone Wolf and Cub"'s start. 
The story is set in the Edo period of feudal Japan. It revolves around , nicknamed "Kubikiri-Asa" (literally "Neck-chopper Asa", often transliterated as "Decapitator Asaemon"), a ronin who is responsible for testing new swords for the shogun. The character is based on a real-life line of sword-testers who served the Tokugawa Shogunate up to the early 19th century. He is also frequently called upon to perform executions. 
Many of the stories focus not on Asaemon, but on several of the people he meets in the course of his work. More often than not they are the stories of the criminals he executes, told as their last words before receiving the fatal stroke. As with Ogami Itto later, such encounters often give Asa pause for thought and reflection.
The "Samurai Executioner" series was published in English translation in the United States by Dark Horse Comics beginning in 2004. The series was completed with the tenth volume, released on May 26, 2006.
Each volume is written with historical accuracy, although the characters themselves are fictional. In the back of each book, Dark Horse has provided a glossary to help define the many Japanese terms used to keep the stories authentic.
List of recurring characters.
Yamada Asaemon, nicknamed Kubikiri Asa: A young ronin who assumes the post of sword-tester in the first volume. Asaemon's reputation is fearsome among the populace because he killed both his father and his first love. He performed the former at his father's insistence, as the terminally-ill man wanted to test his successor's swordsmanship in an act of seppuku; the latter was his first execution: a criminal who had seduced him as a boy years earlier. He is atypical of portrayals of ronin in that he has a governmental post, owns a substantial house, and does not normally roam the countryside. He refuses to marry and have a family, stating in the story "Hellstick" (Volume 3: "The Hell Stick"): "Can a man who lives by killing take a wife and father a child?"; however, in the story "Gobari Sandosu" (Volume 6: "Shinko the Kappa"), he does marry Ame, the daughter of Tome, and immediately divorces her, but tells her that she will always be the wife of his spirit and the only woman he will ever call his wife.
Years later, Asaemon is ordered by his superiors to kill Ogami Ittō, but secret interference by Yagyu Retsudo causes his sword to become damaged. During his duel with Ogami, Asaemon's sword breaks, resulting in his death.
, : Introduceed in the story "Spark Umbrella" (Volume 5: "Ten Fingers, One Life"); one of Edo's best policemen, who often uses a hook and rope to capture those he arrests. A lower-caste samurai, he looks up to Asaemon as a teacher and colleague and is the person closest to Asaemon. He is married to former criminal Shinko aka "Shinko the Kappa".
, : Kasajiro's wife, named for the kappa tattooed on her back. Daughter of an executed yakuza , she is a reformed criminal who joined her husband Kasajiro on the Edo police force. Asaemon adopted Shinko and acted in the place of the father in law at her and Kasajiro's wedding.
List of Volumes.
The ten volumes are as follows (in English from Dark Horse comics):
Kozure Ōkami.
Yamada Asaemon makes an appearance in the manga Lone Wolf & Cub in Chapter 27, 'Decapitator Asaemon', and in the 1970s "Kozure Ōkami" ("Lone Wolf & Cub") television series in episode “Headhunter Asaemon”, where he was played by actor Gō Wakabayashi.

</doc>
<doc id="2919339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919339" title="Purbrook Park School">
Purbrook Park School

Purbrook Park School, often referred to as PPS, is a comprehensive co-educational secondary school situated in Purbrook, north of Portsmouth, Hampshire. The school has an enrollment number of 840 pupils, aged 11 through to 16. It became a trust school in April 2009.
History.
The main building has existed on the site since 1769. The original building was built by the eminent Palladian architect Sir Robert Taylor, who was also the architect of the first Bank of England. The estate was bought by John Deverell in 1839 and remained within the Deverell family until 1919, when the estate was sold off at auction because the cost to run it was too great. The house and its 4 acres worth of grounds were sold at auction to Maurice Hill. The house remained empty until 1924 before County Authorities bought the house and its grounds for £11,000.
The house was converted into a grammar school in September 1924 and was known as Purbrook Park County High School. After becoming a popular and well-respected school, the lack of space and facilities soon became known. A new hall and gynamsium were created in 1928 and 1935, respectively. Further outbuildings were made throughout the twentieth century to accompany specialist subjects.
Trust Partners.
Since 1 April 2009, the school has been a trust school.
The school is acknowledged by the following organisations:

</doc>
<doc id="2919342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919342" title="Panchthar District">
Panchthar District

Panchthar district () is a Hill district of Mechi Zone in Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district covers . The 2011 census counted 191,817 population. Phidim is the district headquarters.
Panchthar's majority population is that of Kirantis (Limbu, Rais) and other ethnic groups and hill castes.

</doc>
<doc id="2919346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919346" title="Parbat District">
Parbat District

Parbat District (, is a hilly area of Nepal. It is a part of Dhaulagiri Zone and one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Kusma as its district headquarters, covers an area of 494 km² and has a population (2001) of 157,826.
It is the fourth smallest district of Nepal.
It is mainly famous for the Gupteshowr Cave, which is visited by thousands of pilgrims during Shivaratri.Alapeshwor cave is also the famous cave of this district. It is also noted for the Dahere Deurali Temple, which is visited by thousands of pilgrims during Balachaturdanshai.The bridge in the high place also lies in this district.Recently the modi hydro project of 10 M.W. has been constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="2919347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919347" title="Rajendra Chaudhry">
Rajendra Chaudhry

Rajendra Chaudhry is an Indo-Fijian lawyer and former civil servant.
Career.
Chaudhry is best known as the son of Mahendra Chaudhry, leader of the Fiji Labour Party who was deposed as Prime Minister in the Fiji coup of 2000. Rajendra Chaudhry, who was his father's personal secretary at the time, was kidnapped along with most of his father's government and held as a hostage for 56 days by gunmen connected with George Speight, the instigator of the coup. 
Chaudhry was admitted to the bar as a lawyer on 30 September 2005, by Chief Justice Daniel Fatiaki. He has since become a partner with Rajesh Gordon of Gordon and Company in Lautoka. Chaudhry maintains the Suva office under the trading name of Gordon & Chaudhry Lawyers. He has since appeared in several high profile cases with the most prominent being the writ by the Opposition Leader against the Prime Minister for defamation. He also acts pro bono for many of his clients who cannot afford legal representation.
On 27 December 2005, the Fiji Live news service quoted Chaudhry as saying that he would stand for parliamentary elections if endorsed by the Fiji Labour Party in the general election scheduled for 2006.
Controversies.
On 15 August 2005, Chaudhry announced that he was suing the government for F$500,000 for the loss of superannuation, income, and future earnings, what he says was caused by military and police negligence. The security forces, he alleges, knew that a coup was likely and did nothing to prevent it. "As a result of their negligence, I had to endure physical torture and psychological trauma and am seeking compensation for these and related matters," he said.
On 13 September 2005, police announced that they were investigating a complaint against Chaudhry made by Lalesh Shankar, an employee of the ruling United Fiji Party (SDL). Shankar claimed that Chaudhry had verbally abused him. Chaudhry denied this, saying that what really happened was that a friend who had accompanied him had asked Shankar, an Indo-Fijian, how he could work for a party that was so anti Indian and racist in its policies. According to Chaudhry, Shankar had demanded an apology, and had called the police when his friend refused. Chaudhry himself had not been personally involved, he said. 
On 24 January 2007, Chaudhry attacked the leadership of the Fiji Law Society (FLS) on Fiji Television. He said he was unhappy with the stance of the FLS President Devanesh Sharma and Vice-President Tupou Draunidalo, and claimed that their strong condemnation of the military coup of 5 December 2006 and of the interim government that was formed the following month were personal statements that had been made purportedly on behalf of the FLS, without consulting its members. Chaudhry announced that he was attempting to call an emergency meeting to deal with the issue. If his grievances were not met, he threatened the formation of an alternative organization to represent Fiji's lawyers. [http://www.fijitv.com.fj/index.cfm?go=tv.resources&cmd=forumview&cbegin=0&uid=fijionenews&cid=11766]
The next day, Draunidalo announced that Sharma had called a special meeting to "crush" internal opposition to their stand against the interim government [http://www.fijilive.com/news/show/news/2007/01/25/25fijilive02.html].
On 26 January, Chaudhry announced his intention to sue the FLS, after receiving a letter from the Society threatening to suspend his conditional legal practicing certificate for allegedly breaching its terms, because he and his legal partner did not share an office. That matter was before the court, however, and had been since December 2006, he claimed. He accused the leadership of the FLS of having an agenda against him, and reiterated his call for the establishment of an alternative organization. [http://www.fijilive.com/news/show/news/2007/01/26/26fijilive06.html]
Board appointment.
On 27 January 2007, interim Sports Minister Lekh Ram Vayeshnoi appointed Chaudhry to the board of the interim Sports Council. 
[http://www.fijivillage.com/artman/publish/article_35432.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="2919351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919351" title="Parsa District">
Parsa District

Parsa District(, a part of Narayani Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Birganj as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,353 km² and has a population (2001) of 497,219.
See also.
Belwa

</doc>
<doc id="2919354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919354" title="Youri Messen-Jaschin">
Youri Messen-Jaschin

Youri Messen-Jaschin ([http://www.muellerscience.com/SPEZIALITAETEN/Schweiz/Auslaender_in_der_Schweiz.htm]) is an artist of Latvian origin, born in Arosa, Switzerland, in 1941. He often combines oils and gouaches. His favourite colors are: strong reds, yellows, greens, and blue. He also works in body painting, exhibiting his works in nightclubs.
Life and works.
From (1958 - 1962) his artistic studies lead him to the higher national school of fine arts (student of Professor Robert Cami) and to the Practical school of the Sorbonne, division of social sciences (history of art, Professor Pierre Francastel) in Paris.
From 1962 until 1965, he went to the School of fine arts in Lausanne. He worked with the engraver and painter Ernest Pizzotti. Exhibition of Lausanne in 1964 with his kinetic glass and acrylic sculptures. He worked two years at the “Center of contemporary engraving” in Geneva. Then, he worked in Zurich, where he broadened his pictorial perspective with the painter Friederich Kuhn thru experience of the circle in the face. From 1968 until 1970, he acted at the University of Högskolan för design & Konsthantwerk in Göteborg, where he created researches of textile kinetic objects. In 1967, he met at an exhibition in Göteborgs Konsthall Jesús - Rafael Soto, Carlos Cruz-Diez and Julio Le Parc. Speaking with these artists, he discovered to be fascinated by optical art. He decided to devote all his research to kinetic art. An extended stay in Göteborg gave him the opportunity to constantly evolve in movement and geometric shapes, integrating them in his textiles and oil paintings. His research in optical art had a significant impact in this area in Scandinavia.
In 1968, Youri received the first prize for the Swiss contemporary engraving art. The same year, he got a scholarship from the Swedish government. In the 1970s, he stayed in Hamburg where he continued to work with artists from northern Germany, collaborating with him on different monumental projects. In 1970, he created a kinetic sculpture for Gould in Eistetten, near the Black Forest in Germany.
He took up residence in Bern from 1970 to 1981. His various stays abroad allowed each time to establish a link with artists working in the same artistic movement. Architecture plays an important role in his paintings and sculptures, the search for movement Op Art (kinetic art) in architectural space is a whole, and he could talk about it with Oscar Niemeyer, Burle Marx, in Rio de Janeiro, Otake in Sao Paolo in Brazil, and Clorindo Testa in Buenos Aires. He stayed in Caracas at the end of his trip, where he staged theatre and choreography of his own works which are presented at the Ateneo of Caracas and the VIth Festival Internacional de Teatro, Fundacion Eugenio Mendoza, Asociación cultural Humboldt (Goethe-Institut) and the Alliance Française, 1984.
He participated in many international exhibitions and got awards from research in optical art in Italy. His works are in private collections, in national and international museums.
He also had the privilege to sell his unique tapestry in the style of Pop art “More Light”. He was enthusiastic about the use of color in this art style. The Contemporary Art Museum Migros in Zurich]] was interested in this work. This tapestry was made in the 1970s in his loft in Zollikofen near Bern in Switzerland. This tapestry belongs to the collection of Migros Vaud Switzerland]]. 
After a stay of several months in New York, he returned to Switzerland where he took up residence in Bern, where he lived for eleven years. During his stay, he frequently exhibited at the Kunsthalle and other local museums. 
He created for the Swiss Post, 3 stamps in optical art in 2010. Museums focus on his work: Kunsthaus Zurich, Federal Polytechnic School in Zurich, Cabinet des estampes in Geneva and abroad, the Royal Museum of fine arts in Brussels. The Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam as well as other museums and private collectors in the United States, Japan and Europe buy his kinetic works to complete their collections.
2014 Laboratory of Neuroimaging - University Hospital of Vaud (CHUV) - Lausanne, The 'laboratory of neuroimaging proceeds to imaging using non-invasive magnetic resonance to map and locate the points of brain activity. During this visualization, the application of this process on the participants viewed by "Op Art" will allow locating the effects on the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="2919356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919356" title="Hirano-ku, Osaka">
Hirano-ku, Osaka

Geography.
The north-west side of Hirano-ku is on the southern part of the Uemachi Plateau, but the overall terrain is mostly flat. The Yamato River flows through the south of the ward, and the Uriwari Cemetery is located inside the ward.
History.
The name "Hirano" probably goes back to the end of the Heian period, and was formally known as Hirano-shou in Sumiyoshi-gun (district) of the Settsu province. The second son of Sakanoue no Tamuramaro, Sakanoue no Hirono, was the feudal lord in charge of the development of Hirano and was called "Hirano-tono" ("tono" being the title given to noblemen).
There are a couple of theories as to the origin of the name "Hirano". One is that it is a corruption or mispronunciation of the word "kouya" (広野). Another theory is that it comes from the time when many lakes and marshes were reclaimed and the fields (野) were widened (平らになった) making the kanji combination 平野.

</doc>
<doc id="2919358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919358" title="Pyuthan District">
Pyuthan District

Pyuthan District(, is a "hill" district some 250 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. Pyuthan covers an area of 1,309 km² with population of 212,484 in 2001 and 226,796 in 2011. Pyuthan Khalanga is the district's administrative center.
Geography and Climate.
Pyuthan borders Dang Deukhuri District to the southwest along the crest of the "Mahabharat Range" and extends about 50 km northeast through the Middle Hills to a 3,000+ meter ridge that is both Pyuthan's border with "Baglung district" of "Dhaulagiri Zone" and the main watershed between the (west) "Rapti" and "Gandaki River" basins. Pyuthan borders "Rolpa district" to the west. Of the two upper tributaries of the West Rapti River, Pyuthan contains all of "Jhimruk Khola" and the lower part of "Madi Khola" after it exits Rolpa. The Madi-Jhimruk confluence is in southern Pyuthan, in the Mahabharat Range. On the southeast Pyuthan borders "Lumbini Zone" including "Arghakhanchi" and "Gulmi districts".
The valley of Jhimruk Khola is the core of Pyuthan district. Its alluvial plain is intensively planted in rice during the summer monsoon. Wheat is grown as the winter crop. Madi Khola has eroded an inner gorge and is less suited to traditional irrigated agriculture.
Castes and Occupations.
"Bahun" and "Chhetri" farmers cultivate irrigated fields along the Jhimruk and unirrigated fields partway up the hillsides. They are served by "Newar" merchants and service castes such as "Damai" (tailor/musician), "Gaine" (minstrel), "Kami" (blacksmith), "Kumal" (potter), "Sarki" (tanner/leatherworker) and "Sunar" (goldsmith). Highlands around the valley are mostly inhabited by "Magars", including "Kham Magars" at higher elevations. The district center Pyuthan Khalanga is situated on a hillside east of the Jhimruk, some 500 meters above it.
Climate.
The valleys have a subtropical climate with temperatures reaching 40 celsius in May and falling to single digits in winter. There is a little too much winter chill for bananas and papayas. At about 800m elevation, the Jhimruk Valley approaches the upper limit for mangoes, however Madi Khola is lower. Citrus, asian pear and mulberries are grown as cash crops in surrounding hills. Maize is grown on sloping un-irrigated "bari" fields up to about 2,000m. Snow occasionally falls on adjacent peaks reaching 2,400m but seldom lasts more than a day or two.
Infrastructure.
At Cherneta the Jhimruk hydroelectric project exploits the Jhimruk bending within 2 km of Madi Khola while some 200 meters higher. It has a capacity of 12 megawatts and supplies electricity for lighting, electronics and machinery. Electricity is considered too costly for cooking and heating, so firewood is still in widespread use with limited use of biogas.
Scheduled buses serve Pyuthan via a spur road off the main east-west Mahendra Highway at Bhalubang in Lalmitiya VDC, Deukhuri Valley. An old trade route was upgraded for motor vehicles in conjunction with the Jhimruk hydro project and is now (2010) being paved. A longer, now less-traveled gravel road from Tribhuvannagar (Ghorahi) in Dang Valley traverses the Mahabharat Range to Tiram, then descends toward Madi Khola to join the Bhalubang road at Devisthan. The Madi is then followed 1 km. upstream to Chakchake where a left fork continues further upstream into Rolpa district while the main road climbs to cross a low pass at Cherneta and descend into the valley of Jhimruk Khola. At Bijuwar Bazaar about 10 km. beyond Chakchake this road forks again with a branch continuing north along the Jhimruk while the main road crosses the Jhimruk and climbs to Khalanga the district's administrative center.
History.
Pyuthan was one of 24 small kingdoms in the "Chaubisi Rajya" confederation before Prithvi Narayan Shah unified modern Nepal in the second half of the 18th century. Since Dang Deukhuri District to the south and Salyan District to the west belonged to another confederation called "Baise Rajya", Pyuthan was a western outpost of the Chaubisi and probably a defense perimeter defended by forts, for example at Okharkot.
Pyuthan is home district of Dr. Yadav Pandit a research scholar working in the field of Experimental Nuclear Physics. Dr. Pandit is an expert in measurements of anisotropy, studying fluid-like behavior and phase transitions in the dense and highly excited matter created in heavy ion collisions.
Pyuthan is also the home district of Mohan Bikram Singh (1935-), a founder of the Communist Party of Nepal. Singh's organizational work in Pyuthan and other districts of Rapti Zone laid the basis for the area becoming the so-called "heartland" of the Maoist insurgency 1996-2006 that cost over 12,000 lives but was instrumental in transforming the country from a kingdom ruled by the Shah dynasty into a republic. Other prominent communist leaders from Pyuthan include Mohan Baidhya, Lila Mani Pokhrel, Bamdev Gautam and Navraj Subedi.
Pyuthan is also the home district of Anirudra Sharma (Parliament 1959-1960), Sibraj Subedi (former minister and Parliament 1991-1998), Mukti Prasad Sharma of Nepali Congress Party (Parliament 1991-1914) and Khem Raj Pandit of the conservative and royalist Rastriya Prajatantra Party. Find more about some of the famous people from Pyuthan district at People from Pyuthan district

</doc>
<doc id="2919360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919360" title="Ramechhap District">
Ramechhap District

Ramechhap District (), a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, known as Kirat TeChhap, with Manthali as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,546 km² and has a population (2011) of 202,646 and a density of 137.4 per km2. The district has the highest population of endangered native group Kusunda and has the lowest population growth rate in Nepal.
Etymology.
The district was named after Ramechhap village. The word Ramechhap comes from two Nepali words, "Ram" (person's name) and "Chhap" (mark). According to folklore, the village of Ramechhap was once occupied by Tamang people. A Tamang of the village, Ram by name received mukhtiyari of the village by royal decree. So, the land ownership and other legal activities were performed in the village by the stamp (chhap) of Ram. Hence, the village was called Ramechhap.

</doc>
<doc id="2919370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919370" title="Molesey">
Molesey

Molesey is a town in the borough of Elmbridge in Surrey, England. Traditionally divided into East and West, Molesey lies between 11.7 and 13.5 miles from Charing Cross, on the border of Greater London, and forms part of the capital's contiguous suburbs within the Greater London Urban Area. It has the London dialling code (020), and was from 1839 until 2000 under the jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Police. East and West Molesey share a high street, and there is a second retail/dining area street close to Hampton Court Palace in the eastern part of the town, which is also home to Hampton Court railway station in Transport for London's Zone 6. Molesey Hurst or Hurst Park is a large park by the River Thames in the north of the town, and is home to Molesey Cricket Club. The Hampton Ferry (London) runs from here to Hampton on the Middlesex bank, from where it is a short walk to the central area of Hampton.
Molesey is divided into three wards of the United Kingdom: Molesey South, East and North. The majority of Molesey's detached properties are in the east, which also contains the highest proportion of apartments of the three wards. Molesey's conservation area is to the south by a corollary channel of the River Mole, known as the River Ember, where successive environment authorities have implemented capacity-adding flood defences following a widespread and costly flood in 1968. Molesey Lock is the second lock (and weir) on the River Thames, and marks the furthest point upstream that the influence of the tides on the Thames (regulated by the Thames Barrier at Woolwich) may be registered. The lock is located within 100 metres of Hampton Court Bridge, designed by Edwardian/Arts and Craft architect Edwin Lutyens, styles reflected by contemporary properties in the town. Other styles which are prevalent are 1960s red-brick semi-detached homes and Art Deco/Bauhaus.
History.
The earliest documentary evidence of a settlement in Molesey appears in a 7th-century charter, shortly after Erkenwald founded Chertsey Abbey in AD 666. He secured from Frithwald, sub-king of Surrey, a charter endowing the abbey with much of the surrounding land, including "Muleseg". Etymologists suggest that the town's name is derived from the personal name "Mul" (pronounced Mule) compounded with the Old English word "eg", meaning an island or river meadow - thus Mul's Island. Therefore Molesey is not, as commonly believed, named after the River Mole that runs through it. The prefixes "East" and "West" did not appear until about the year 1200, before which there was only one parish centred around what is now known as East Molesey. Molesey lay within the Saxon administrative district of Elmbridge hundred.
East Molesey appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as "Molesham". It was held partly by John from Richard Fitz Gilbert and partly by Roger d'Abernon. Its Domesday assets were: 2 hides and 3 virgates. It had 7 ploughs, 2 oxen, and of meadow and woodland worth 10 hogs. It rendered £6 15s 0d. West Molesey was held by Odard Balistarius. Its Domesday assets were: 1 hide, 1 church, and 5 ploughs. It rendered £4.
Along with neighbouring Thames Ditton, East Molesey formed a part of the ancient parish of Kingston upon Thames. From 1933, the Urban District of East and West Molesey became part of the Esher Urban District, which was originally recommended by the Royal Commission on Local Government in Greater London (the Herbert Commission) for inclusion within the new ceremonial county of Greater London. In 1974, the district eventually merged with its neighbour to the west, Walton and Weybridge Urban District, to form the new borough of Elmbridge within Surrey.
Molesey was one of the many villages and towns along the Thames valley affected by flooding in 1968; specifically here the flooding of the River Mole. Some barriers and overflow fields have been created since then by the Environment Agency and its precursors.
East and West Molesey uses a roughly due north-south compass axis, based on a point of division by the Molesey Stone on the grass outside Molesey Library on Walton Road.
Locality.
Molesey is directly south of the River Thames, with several large reservoirs bordering the town to the west and south that provide water within the London Basin. Some of these are now disused and are being converted into nature reserves. To the west lie Bessborough Reservoir and Knight Reservoir, to the north-west Molesey Reservoirs, to the south Island Barn Reservoir, and to the south-west Queen Elizabeth II Reservoir. There are walks beside Metropolitan green belt fields to the south along the river Mole to Esher, and to the west along the Thames Path to Walton-on-Thames.
Hampton Court Palace is immediately north-east of East Molesey across Hampton Court Bridge.
The Palace, together with the southern part of Bushy Park and most of Hampton Court Park are in the post town East Molesey.
Molesey Lock is just above Hampton Court Bridge, downstream of Sunbury Lock and upstream of Teddington Lock. Cigarette Island Park is just below the bridge, occupying the eastern extremity of the town.
Hurst Park is on the south bank of the Thames, from where there is a daily ferry service to Hampton on the Middlesex bank. It once had a horse racing course but no longer does.
The residential streets of East Molesey run into the northernmost stretches of residential Esher to the south and Thames Ditton to the south-east. Together with the reservoirs, Green Belt land to the west and south-west divides West Molesey from Walton on Thames.
The central shopping area of Kingston upon Thames lies 1.7 miles east of Bridge Road in East Molesey, while central Walton on Thames lies 2.3 miles to the west-southwest of West Molesey High Street.
Landmarks.
Molesey itself has some interesting landmarks, including three listed Church of England churches and "The Bell", a public house, formerly known as "The Crooked House", built in the mid-15th century. Other Landmarks include The Jubilee Fountain in Bridge Road. There are three designated Conservation Areas in East Molesey.
Other historic buildings include the Grade II-listed Matham Manor, an altered 15th-century house with timber frames and red brick; and a 16th-century house, Quillets Royal, with an 18th-century extension (The Manor House). Both buildings lie near The Bell in Bell Road/Matham Road.
Bars, public houses & restaurants.
Molesey has many traditional pubs and restaurants, though several public houses have closed in recent years to become apartment buildings. They have largely consolidated on a few with successful niche products or music offerings such as "The Poyntz Arms" with live music on Friday evenings.
Molesey's modern bars are composed of "Staff's Bar", the "Square Olive" and the "Prince of Wales" in East Molesey.
Molesey East & West Conservative Club and the Royal British Legion Club are the only members' clubs (both in East Molesey). In West Molesey is "The Europa", "The Lord Hotham", "The Cannon" and "The Royal Oak". Chinese, Indian, French and Italian restaurants pepper the area.
Scout groups.
Molesey has three Scout groups which all belong to Esher District. 1st Molesey is a Royal Navy recognised Sea Scout group whilst 2nd and 3rd Molesey are both Land Scout Groups. All groups have sections from beavers right through to explorers. The groups take part in a wide variety of activities and events throughout the year at various locations.
Sports.
Molesey was once the bare-knuckle boxing centre of England, and had a famous horse-racing track stretching the length of the River Thames from where Hurst Park School now stands, down to Molesey Lock. Much of the course was built on in the 1960s: the Hurst Park Estate has a mixture of three and two storey homes and a block of flats overlooking the river. Part of the open space that was part of the racetrack is now an riverside park. There is a wide grass expanse, a playground and open access to the Thames, features here include the popular Hampton Ferry and Molesey Regatta, a major event in the sport of rowing with catering and evening outdoor music.
Cricket.
East Molesey Cricket Club is located alongside the South bank of the Thames, half a mile from Hampton Court Palace. Founded in 1871, it is a thriving local sports club with a long and glorious history. The Club’s first XI play in Surrey Championship Division 1 and there are three other senior Saturday league sides and one senior Sunday league side, regularly competing against other Surrey clubs. The club continues to place special emphasis on generating a love of cricket amongst Molesey's junior residents.
Rowing.
Molesey Boat Club (est. 1866) is one of the UK's leading rowing clubs, home to some current Olympic and World Championship medallists and domestic success at all ages, particularly in its adult crews. The rowing club also competes in the Amateur Molesey Regatta held annually in Hurst Park 
Football.
Molesey F.C. is a football team based in West Molesey, the club is currently a member of the Combined Counties League Premier Division and plays at the Walton Road Stadium.
Metropolitan Police F.C. is a Non-League football team based in East Molesey and are based at the Imber Court Sports Ground.
AFC Molesey is a football team also based in West Molesey, the club is currently a member of the Surrey County Intermediate League (Western) Division One and plays at the West Molesey Recreation Ground, Walton Road, West Molesey. The club's popularity has grown significantly in recent years following its winning several honours including the Lower Junior County Cup in the 2007/08 season and successful league promotions. The team was previously known as Claygate Swans F.C.
Swimming.
Hurst swimming pool is in Dunstall Way in the north of Molesey.
Pool/Billiards.
The Poyntz Arms Public House and Molesey East & West Conservative Club host matches in the Tolworth and District Pool League.
Darts.
The Molesey Football Club and the Royal British Legion (Molesey Branch) both have darts teams, made up of club members, that play in the Molesey and District Darts League.
Sports history.
There are some large iron gates in the access road to Hurst Park called Graburn Way which were built so that races then started just east of the road and enabled the course to have a 'straight mile'. Just beyond the gates used to be the home of the open air Upper Deck swimming pool, the nearest open air pool now being across the ferry up Hampton High Street in Hampton. An indoor pool was built by the council nearby as a replacement. Upmarket flats are now built on the site of the outdoor pool. The entire riverside recreational area was previously referred to as Moulsey Hurst.
'Moulsey Hurst' is a very early site of cricket (from 1731) and that tradition is continued to this day by East Molesey Cricket Club, which was established in 1871.
Transport.
Rail service.
The railway station in East Molesey is Hampton Court railway station in Transport for London's Zone 6, operated by South West Trains. This is the terminus of a stopping commuter service to Waterloo that takes around thirty-five minutes. Principal stops are Surbiton, Wimbledon and Clapham Junction. During the Hampton Court Palace Flower Show extra trains run to and from London.
Bus services.
Four services serve the town.
Molesey's red bus service, the 411 (previously the 131 from West Molesey to Wimbledon), is operated by Quality Line on behalf of Transport for London. The short route begins at Central Avenue in West Molesey and runs through East Molesey, past Hampton Court Station and on to Kingston town centre.
East Molesey's northern point by its station, shopping parade and small riverside park is the terminus of a second Transport for London bus service, the R68, operated by Abellio. The route begins at Hampton Court station, and runs through Hampton, Hampton Hill, Teddington, Strawberry Hill, Twickenham and Richmond before ending at Kew retail park.
Route 461, operated by Abellio on behalf of Surrey County Council, runs from Kingston, through Molesey and on to Walton, terminating at St Peter's Hospital, Chertsey.
Route 514, also operated by Abellio on behalf of Surrey County Council, runs from Hersham to Kingston via Molesey, Thames Ditton, Long Ditton and Surbiton.
Demography and housing.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.
The proportion of households in the settlement who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).

</doc>
<doc id="2919378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919378" title="Rasuwa District">
Rasuwa District

Rasuwa District(, a part of Bagmati Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Dhunche as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,544 km² and has a population (2011) of 43,300. As per census 2011 total households in Rasuwa district is 9,778.
It is the smallest district by area, among 16 districts in the "Himalaya" region of Nepal.
Origin of its name had begun as 'Rasowa' which is believed to be derived as a combination of two Tibetan words "ra" (meaning: lambs) and "sowa" (meaning: grazing) as it was famous for its lamb and grazing lands. And later people started to call it Rasuwa. The administrative division of Rasuwa comprised 18 Village Development Committees (VDCs) each having 9 wards. Rasuwa is accessible by bus from Kathmandu (national capital) via Pasang Lhamu highway (H21), with its headquarters (Dhunche) being about 120 km from Kathmandu. As of 2013, 3 VDCs namely Thuman, Langtang and Haku is not touched by any kind of roadway.
Geography and climate.
Its territory has elevation ranging from 614 to 7,227 m from mean sea Level.
Area of land covered by forest is 31.43% and covered my snow is 16.63%.
Steeply varying territory and plenty of natural blessings make Rasuwa a famous tourist destination in Nepal. Famous sightseeing places like: Gosaikunda Lake, Mt. Langtang, and one of the famous hot springs in Nepal (locally called: Tatopani) are located in the district.
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
Followings are 18 Village Development Committees(VDCs) in Rasuwa District:
Tourism.
Rasuwa is rich in natural resources. Langtang mountain range stands to the north of Rasuwa. The northern parts of the area largely fall within the boundaries of Langtang National Park. Gosainkunda Lake, Ganja La Pass, and Tamang village in Bridim are the major highlights of Rasuwa for tourism. The Goshainkunda Lake, also known as "Frozen Lake", one of the most beautiful mountain lakes lies in the Langtang region. There are about 108 "kundas" (lakes) in this area. Saraswati Kund, Bhairab Kund, Surya Kund and Gosaikund are most important ones.
Langtang valley is another attraction in Rasuwa which is aptly called the valley of glaciers; mountains rise soaring toward the sky. The valley offers pine forest, swift mountain streams, rugged rock and snow-capped peaks, grassy down and meadows strewn with daisies and wild animals.
See also.
rasuwaonline.com

</doc>
<doc id="2919381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919381" title="Rukum District">
Rukum District

Rukum District(, is a "hill" and "mountain" district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. Rukum covers an area of 2,877 km² with population of 188,438 in 2001 and 207,290 in 2011. Musikot (also called Jhumlikhalanga) is the district's administrative center.
Rukum district has many potential tourist attractions that remain unexplored. There is Mt. Sisne (), the westernmost high peak in the Dhaulagiri massif. Sisne is also called virgin mountain, Hiunchuli Patan and Murkatta Himal. It was unclimbed until a Nepalese expedition lead by Man Bahadur Khatri reached the summit in May 2013. Rukum is also called "the place of 52 lakes and 53 hills". Rukumkot (） has a beautiful pond called "Rukmini Tal" or locally "Kamal Dhaha". Nearby are notable temples called "Barah" and "Sibalaya", and caves such as "Deurali Cave".
Tourism in Rukum.
Rukum is so much more than just lakes & hills. Discover this unique place, with its warm hospitality, fusion of cultures, beautiful Valley Rukumkot, Hunting reserve, Hurbal Land and caves, Flora &Fauna. 
One can get not only natural and religious places but also can explore new destinations as typical Magar culture & diversity of different ethnic groups, mysterious places, historic places...and varied tourist attractions.
Main Attracttions of Rukum:
Geography and Climate.
Rukum district is the northernmost part of Rapti Zone. It is in the basin of Bheri River, a major tributary of the Karnali. Most of Rukum is drained by west-flowing tributaries such as "Uttar Ganga" draining Dhorpatan Valley and to the north of that the "Sani Bheri" draining southern slopes of the western Dhaulagiri Himalaya. 
Elevation ranges from below 800 meters along the Bheri and its lowest tributaries to about 6,000 meters in the Dhaulagiris with a range of climates from tropical to perpetual snow and ice. Agricultural use ranges from irrigated rice cultivation through upland cultivation of maize, barley, wheat, potatoes and fruit, to sub-alpine and alpine pasturage reaching about 4,500 meters.
Transport.
Rukum District is considered remote because air travel is the only modern transportation mode available. Two airports offer safe but rudimentary facilities for passenger flights, mainly from Nepalganj, and Kathmandu. Rapti Highway is under construction (as of 2010) to connect Musikot to Salyan Khalanga, Tulstipur and Mahendra Highway to the south. On the other hand, country`s dream project "Mid-Hill Highway is under construction .
Rapti Highway.
Dang-Salyan-Rukum : About 10 hrs bus ride from Dang Tulsipur to Rukum Musikot
Mid-Hill Highway.
Mid-Hill Highway is under construction, and a national pride project that passes through 12 zones, 24 districts, and 215 VDCs.With a total length of 1,767 km, the highway connects Chiyo Bhanjyang of Pachthar district in the east with Jhulaghat of Baitadi district in the west.
Bus ride from Kathmandu takes up to 24 hours to Musikot.
The two airports in Rukum are in Chaurjahari () and Salle ().
Chaurjahari Airport.
Near the Bheri River. 762m above sea level and accessible by footpaths and horse trails only, with a grass runway 850m long and 30
m wide. It was the primary mode of travel to Rukum for government, NGO personnel, aid workers and backpackers before the civil war. During the conflict the security situation deteriorated and the local police station was shut down. The airport has 10 aircraft parking at once.
- About 15-20 minutes flight from Nepalganj to Rukum Salle airport.
Rukum Salle Airport.
Located near Musikot, the district headquarters. It is accessible is foot way and road transport also since rapti highway has touched salle airport also. It's runway is 650 meter long with capability of parking of 4 aircraft at once.
-One and half hour flight from Kathmandu to Rukum Salle airport.
-About 20 minutes flight from Nepalganj to Rukum Salle airport.
Civil War.
Rukum was a flashpoint of the Maoist insurgency, along with Rolpa district. Rukum became a stronghold and was controlled by insurgents throughout the conflict. Many Maoist leaders came from this district, as well as many martyred insurgents. But now Rukum is known as a new tourism destination in Nepal.The Government of Nepal with Nepal Tourism Board has launched the Guerrilla Trek (Peace Trail) in Oct 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2919382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919382" title="Rolpa District">
Rolpa District

Rolpa(, is a "hill" district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. Rolpa covers an area of 1,879 km² with population (2011) of 221,177. Libang is the district's administrative center.
By Nepalese standards, Rolpa is an underdeveloped area plagued by low life expectancy (52 years) and poverty (averaging about $100 per capita). It was a major flashpoint in the 1996-2006 Civil War.
Adjoining districts are Dang to the south, Pyuthan to the east, Salyan to the west and Rukum to the north. Before the unification of Nepal by Prithvi Narayan Shah in 1769 Rolpa was a buffer between the "Chaubisi" confederation of small kingdoms to the east and the "Baise" confederation to the west.
Most of Rolpa is rugged highlands populated by the indigenous "Kham Magar" nationality. Irrigated ricefields along the Madi Khola are of limited extent because it has a narrow inner gorge. In any case the Kham Magar live about a thousand meters upslope where little rice can be grown. Upland harvests of maize, millet and barley are invariably insufficient and so Rolpa has chronic food deficits. As long as marijuana and "charas" (hashish) were legal in Nepal they were grown and processed in Rolpa and sent to Kathmandu to be sold in government monopoly stores. In 1976 the government gave in to international pressure and stopped buying these products, causing the district to lose an important source of cash income. Kham also make ends meet by selling their labor. They work as agricultural laborers in other districts, as porters, as soldiers and as general laborers, but their input is devalued by Rolpa's underdeveloped education infrastructure. There is no post-secondary education in the district, and students who speak more "Magar bhasha" than Nepali are disadvantaged in primary and secondary education because Nepali is the medium of instruction and the national examination system selects against students who are not proficient in it. Without educational credentials Kham lack access to the more desirable jobs.
The various grievances of Rolpa's population made the district ripe for revolt. It became a "Maoist Stronghold" of the Communist Party of Nepal. In May 2002 a major battle between Maoist guerillas and the army was fought at Lisne Lekh near the Rolpa-Pyuthan border.
Geography and Climate.
Rolpa is drained southward by the Mardi Khola from a complex of 3,000 to 4,000 meter ridges about 50 kilometers south of the Dhaulagiri Himalaya. This mountainous barrier historically isolated Rolpa by encouraging travelers between India and Tibet to detour to follow easier routes to the east or west, while east-west travelers found easier routes to the north through Dhorpatan Valley, or to the south through Dang Valley or along the Mahabharat Range.

</doc>
<doc id="2919385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919385" title="Rautahat District">
Rautahat District

Rautahat District(, a part of Narayani Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Gaur as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,126 km² and had a population of 545,132 in 2001 and 686,722 in 2011. Among other districts, Rautahat has the largest percent of Muslims in Nepal, about 19.465% (106,111 persons in 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="2919391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919391" title="Rupandehi District">
Rupandehi District

Rupandehi District(, a part of Lumbini Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Siddharthanagar as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,360 km². In 2001 it had a population of 708,419.
Non-profit organisations.
NAMUNA Integrated Development Council (NAMUNA)
Samriddhi Foundation
Ma Bhagawiti Anurag Jagarn Samooh

</doc>
<doc id="2919394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919394" title="Salyan District, Nepal">
Salyan District, Nepal

Salyan District(, is a "hill" district some 320 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region. Salyan covers an area of 1,462 km² with a population of 213,500 in 2001 and 241,716 in 2011. The district's administrative center is named Salyan or "Salyan Khalanga".
The district is known for its Hindu temples including Shiva temples in Chhayachhetra and Laxmipur, and the Devi temple at Khairabang in Hiwalcha VDC, one of nine in Nepal. [http://www.facebook.com/khairabang]
History.
Salyan was one of the "Baise Rajya" () -- a confederation of 22 petty kingdoms in the "Karnali (Ghagra)" region. About 1760 AD all these kingdoms were annexed by the "Shah Dynasty" during the unification of Nepal.
Etymology.
"Salyan" derives from meaning pine tree or conifer.
Geography and Climate.
Although Salyan is considered a hill district, its southwest salient is actually outside the Pahari-inhabited hill region, in the lower Siwalik Hills that are more an extension of the Terai.
The Babai River flows through the southwestern Siwaliks section after draining Dang Valley. A tributary "Sharad Khola" drains the eastern half of Salyan's hill region—including the district center, then exits these hills by cutting through the Mahabharat Range to its confluence with the Babai. The western half of Salyan's hill region is drained by the Bheri.

</doc>
<doc id="2919400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919400" title="Sankhuwasabha District">
Sankhuwasabha District

Sankhuwasabha District () is in Kosi Zone of Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district's area is 3,480 km² with a population of 159,203 in 2001 and 158,742 in 2011. The administrative center is Khandbari.
Bordering districts are Bhojpur, Terhathum and Dhankuta in Koshi Zone; Solukhumbu in Sagarmatha Zone; and Taplejung in Mechi Zone. Tingri County of Shigatse Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China borders to the north.
Indigenous "janajati" ethnics are Yakkha, Lohorung, Kulung, Rai, Gurung, Limbu, and other hill castes (e.g. Chhetri, Bahun) and ethnic groups (e.g. Newar, Sherpa) live in this district. It is also known for cardamom farming.
Geography and Climate.
The Arun River enters from Tibet at an elevation of about 3,500 meters (11,500 feet) and flows south across the district, forming one of the world's deepest valleys relative to 8,481 meter Makalu to the west and 8,586 meter Kangchenjunga to the east.
Village Development Committees (VDCs) and Khandbari Municipality.
Aankhibhui, Bahrabise, Bala, Baneswor, Chainpur, Chepuwa, Dhupu, Diding, Hatiya, Jaljala, Kharang, Madi Mulkharka, Madi Rambeni, Makalu, Mamling, Mangtewa, Matsya Pokhari, Mawadin, Num, Nundhaki, Pangma, Sekaha, Pathibhara, Pawakhola, Savapokhari, Siddhakali, Siddhapokhari, Sisuwa, Sitalpati, Syabun, Tamafok, Tamphu, Yaphu, Wana

</doc>
<doc id="2919404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919404" title="Saptari District">
Saptari District

Saptari District (), a part of Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country in South Asia. The district, with Rajbiraj as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,363 km² and has a population (2011) of 6,39,284 which makes 10th populated district of Nepal. Saptari is renowned for its agricultural output, and is bordered on the east by the massive Sapt Koshi river.
There are three Municipality in Saptari District i.e. Rajbiraj, Kanchanpur & Kalyanpur. Other small town include Hanumanagar, Pato, Itahari Bishnupur, and Fattepur with the area government "Matsya Palan Kendra" fish farm.
The famous Chhinna Masta Hindu temple and Kankalini temple are also located in Saptari District.

</doc>
<doc id="2919408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919408" title="Swamp wallaby">
Swamp wallaby

The swamp wallaby ("Wallabia bicolor") is a small macropod marsupial of eastern Australia. This wallaby is also commonly known as the black wallaby, with other names including black-tailed wallaby, fern wallaby, black pademelon, stinker (in Queensland), and black stinker (in New South Wales). The swamp wallaby is the only living member of the genus Wallabia.
Habitat and distribution.
The swamp wallaby is found from the northernmost areas of Cape York in Queensland, down the entire east coast and around to south-western Victoria. It was formerly found through to south-eastern South Australia, but is now rare or absent from that region.
It inhabits thick undergrowth in forests and woodlands, or shelter during the day in thick grass or ferns, emerging at night to feed. Brigalow scrub in Queensland is a particularly favoured habitat.
Description.
The species name "bicolor" comes from the distinct colouring variation, with the typical grey coat of the macropods varied with a dark brown to black region on the back, and light yellow to rufous orange on the chest. A light coloured cheek stripe is usually present, and extremities of the body generally show a darker colouring, except for the tip of the tail, which is often white.
The gait differs from other wallabies, with the swamp wallaby carrying its head low and tail out straight.
The average length is 76 cm (30 in) for males, and 70 cm (27.5 in) for females (excluding the tail). The tail in both sexes is approximately equal in length to the rest of the body. Average weight for males is 17 kg (37 lb), females averaging 13 kg (29 lb).
Reproduction.
The swamp wallaby becomes reproductively viable from 15–18 months of age, and can breed throughout the year. Gestation is from 33–38 days, leading to a single young. The young is carried in the pouch from 8–9 months, but will continue to suckle until about 15 months. The swamp wallaby exhibits an unusual form of embryonic diapause, differing from other marsupials in having its gestation period longer than its oestrous cycle.
Nutrition.
The swamp wallaby is typically a solitary animal, but often aggregates into groups when feeding. It will eat a wide range of food plants, depending on availability, including shrubs, pasture, agricultural crops, and native and exotic vegetation. It appears to be able to tolerate a variety of plants poisonous to many other animals, including brackens, hemlock and lantana.
The ideal diet appears to involve browsing shrubs and bushes, rather than grazing grasses. This is unusual in wallabies and other macropods, which typically prefer grazing. Tooth structure reflects this preference for browsing, with the shape of the molars differing from other wallabies. The fourth premolar is retained through life, and is shaped for cutting through coarse plant material.
According to Aboriginal people of the Bundjalung Nation, the swamp wallaby was considered inedible, due to its smell and taste after cooking. Commercial shooters also find it undesirable due to its small size and coarse fur.
Taxonomic debate.
Several physical and behavioral characteristics make the swamp wallaby different enough from other wallabies that many authors place it apart in its own genus, "Wallabia". Others however point out swamp wallabies can hybridize with "Macropus agilis" (the Agile Wallaby), so perhaps should be placed in the genus "Macropus".

</doc>
<doc id="2919410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919410" title="Sindhuli District">
Sindhuli District

Sindhuli District (), a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Sindhulimadhi Kamalamai as its district headquarters and covers an area of 2,491 km². In 2001 it had a population of 279,821, in 2011 the population was 296,192.
Naming.
About the name of Sindhuli there exist different stories. some of the significant are:
i) Before being annexed as the integral part of Nepal, it was under the governance of Makwanni king. 
During 1530 Raghab Narandra Sen was the King of Makwanpur and was renowned as the Sindhul. 
He had outseted the settlement over this region. Since then it got the name Sindhuli.
ii) At the ancient time a great saint used to do live in the hill( 1077 m from the see level) of nowadays Sindhuli 
madi. He was popular in the name and fame in this reason and his name was Siddha Baba( etymologically The enlighten one in Nepali language). This placed got its digitization under his name and began to be called Siddhsthali सिद्धस्थाली ( place where enlighten lives). With time it got deviated and began to be pronounced as Sindhuli.
iii) A indigenous group Tamang were predominant in this region and their's living was based on agriculture and forest . The place had abundant and intense forest. Tamangs sound out Singthuwa (सिङ्थुवा) for cutting down tree and Sinthuji (सिङ्थुजी) for collecting timbers. In course of time it got it name from that, i.e Sindhuli.
Historical Importance.
This place has a huge historic significance. The Sindhuli Gadhi in Sindhuli is the place where British soldiers were defeated for the first time in Asia in 1767 A.D . The British under the leadership of Captain Kinloch came to help the then ruler of Kathmandu, Jai Prakash Malla against the attack of Prithvi Naraya Shah. The Gurkha soldiers were familiar with the terrain and they utilized it to the fullest. They British Army had advanced weaponry such as guns and cannons whereas the Gurkha were with bows and arrows, spears, etc. But then Gurkhas fought bravely and eventually defeated the British. The British ran for their lives and retreated leaving behind the weapons they brought together with them. Some of these weapons were there to the end of 2005 but know we barely find anything.Though its historically significant place and is gifted with heart touching beauty. Due to the lack of concern its no more than a place caring remains of past and is living with little remnant.
See also.
Bhimasthan
References.
News Site of Sindhuli==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="2919415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919415" title="Sarlahi District">
Sarlahi District

Sarlahi (), a part of Janakpur Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Malangwa as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,259 km² and had a population of 635,701 in 2001 and 769,729 in 2011. It is bordered to the west by the Bagmati River, to the east by Mahottari District, to the north by the Siwalik Hills, and to the south by Bihar State, India.
Naming.
The general public believe that the Sarlahi's name comes from the name of Sarlahi devi temple. The Sarlahi devi temple is situated in hempur village in the Sarlahi district. There is a belief that if someone goes to the temple at night with a light then that person will die. That is why people still do not go at night to that temple with light. Still there is no residence around this temple.
Famous for.
The district is famous for a couple of things. 
One of them is tomato production and supply. Lalbandi is the place of this district which is famous for supplying tomato demand of whole country. Farhadwa is the village which is famous for fish production and export.
Geographical division.
According to geographical texture Sarlahi district is divided into three parts. 
Chure mountain.
In north side of this district from east to west there is range of chure mountain is also known as Sivalik Hills. They have an average height of 900m, reaching 1350m in places. This range separates the terai from the inner terai and harbours the fossilised remains of many mammals no longer typical of Eurasia.
Bhanwar region.
This region is between the north of chure mountain and terai region of south, in local language it is also called as "char koshe jhadi". The height of this region is from 150m to 300m. Mahendra Highway is touching this area so nowadays people settlement is increasing, in this region water source level is always at very low, even the following water is disappears because of sandiness. It is very difficult to obtain water by digging. So in this region irrigation system is problematic one.
Terai region.
This region is start from middle of district to south and goes to India's bihar. From ancient time this region has large public density and good place for farming, so this region is called Treasurer of grain.;
River.
There are main three rivers flowing in this district into India.
It is biggest river, blowing in the western side of district,it separates rautahat district from sarlahi.
This river is largest river inside the district, it is about 64 meter long. it originates from chure mountains and passes into India by touching simara VDC of this district.
Originated from north east side of chure mountains of this districts into phuljor river and kalinjor river joins at the vairawpur village of Jabdi VDC, then it becomes Jhim river. it is 29 km long and by blowing into districts passes into India, and in India this river is known as Adhwara river. Adhwara river was the east border of Makwanpur reign.
There are also many rivers in this district including the Adhwara River of the east which empties into the Jhim River, Manushmara river (which is form by mixing Harion, Sotara and Pathlaiya rivers),and in middle of the district Dhangra and Bhumi rivers.
Demographics.
According to 2011 census Total population of district is 769,729, among them male population is 389,756 and female population is 379,973. Total Hindus population is 658,611, which is about 85% of total population, while total Muslim population is 60,679, which is about 8% of total population and total population of Buddhism is 44,011, which is about 5.71% of total population while total Christian population is 1,752 which is about 0.22% of total population.
Media.
From sarlahi district publishing Newspaper and FM radio station are as follows. 
Sarlahi Constituencies.
There are total 6 Electoral Constituencies in sarlahi named kshetra no:-1 to 6.

</doc>
<doc id="2919423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919423" title="Rail Settlement Plan">
Rail Settlement Plan

Rail Settlement Plan (RSP) is a division of the Association of Train Operating Companies (ATOC) in the United Kingdom. It provides a wide range of common services to the UK's franchised passenger rail operators and third-party providers of information and retail services.
The green background of all UK rail tickets was made up of the repeated words "Rail Settlement Plan". In 2013, the railway started migrating to new ticket stock which uses the words "National Rail" instead.
The company was established on the privatisation of British Railways primarily for the purpose of distributing the revenue received from the purchase of generic, non-company-specific train tickets. This revenue is split between the retailer and the train operating companies (TOCs) that run trains along the route. For example, the same railway ticket is valid from London Bridge to East Croydon on all services. The RSP provides a process to share the revenue between the three train operating companies who run trains along this route (Southern, First Capital Connect and Southeastern).
Since privatisation, the company has increased the range of services it provides to train operators. The company now:

</doc>
<doc id="2919428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919428" title="Sindhupalchok District">
Sindhupalchok District

Sindhupalchok District is a part of Bagmati Zone and one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, with an area of . The district's headquarters is in Chautara. In 2006, 336,478 people resided in 79 village development committees, in 2011 there were 287,798.
Listen to pronunciation of "Sindhupalchok District"'s local name 
Towns and villages.
Atarpur
Badegau
Balephi
Bansbari
Banskharka
Baramchi
Bahrabise
Baruwa
Batase
Bhimtar
Bhote Namlang
Bhotechaur
Bhotsiba
Choukati
Chautara Municipality
Dhumthang
Dubarchour
Fatakshila
Fulping Katti
Fulpingdandagau
Fulpingkot
Gati
Ghorthali
Dhuskun hile khajilung
Gloche
Gumba
Gunsakot
Hagam
Haibung
Helumbu
Ichok
Irkhu Bhanjyang
Jalbire
Jethal
Jyamire
Kalika
Karkhali
Kadambas
Kiwool
Kunchok
Langarche
Lisankhu
Listikot
Mahankal
Maneswor
Mankha
Marming
Melamchi
Motang
Nawalpur
Pagretar
Palchok
Pangtang
Petaku
Piskar
Ramche
Sangachok
Selang
Sikharpur
Sindhukot
Sipa Pokhare
Sipal Kavre
Sunkhani
Syaule Bazar
Talamarang
Tatopani
Tauthali
Tekanpur
Thakani
Thampal Dhap
Thangpalkot
Thokarpa
Thulo Dhading
Thulo Pakhar
Thulo Sirubari
Thum Pakhar
Timpul Ghyangul
Yamanadanda
Development.
Although this district is close to Nepal's capital Kathmandu, it is one of the least developed districts in Nepal. The Arniko Highway, also called Kodari Highway, (114 km) extending from Kathmandu to Kodari links this district with Tibet. The district is mountainous and rich in natural resources.
The district is easily accessible from Kathmandu, but is not well developed. People depend entirely on agriculture for their survival. Since the district is hilly, the land is not very fertile land, and the yield is very low. So, the lifestyle of people is not easy. Almost every VDC has got electrical power and roads connecting to the nearby highway. Many NGOs and INGOs are working in the district in order to improve the living standards.
Rivers like Bhotekoshi, Indrawati, Sunkoshi and Bramhayani (Balephi) flow through this district. The major towns are Chautara, rigen Gaurati Bhimeswar Mandir Near Syaule VDC My village Settlement BhedabariBahrabise, Melamchi, Jalbire and Tatopani. Sunkoshi Hydropower station and Upper Bhotekoshi Hydropower station are popular hydropower stations connected to national grid. Meanwhile, many mini and large hydroelectricity projects are being constructed in different places. Two FM radio stations also operate from Melchaur and Bahrabise.
Education.
There are more than half dozen colleges lunching bachelor degree in Sindhupalchok. More than 25 schools are running +2 level programs. Chautara campus has just started Science course in +2 level. There are almost one or more than one high school in each VDC of Sindhupalchok. Chautara Campus, Thokarpa Community Campus, Sunkoshi Campus, Jalbire Valley Campus are some leading campuses to provide education. For higher level education one ends up going to nearby district Kavre or Kathmandu.
There are more than 25 private schools in the district. Some of them to name are Ekta Boarding High School established in 2050 BS, Jugal Boarding High School established in 2047 BS, Ketu English School, Nirvana Academy, Chandeswori English School and Private Paradise Secondary School.
Newspaper and Magazines.
There are over dozen newspaper that publish from the district including two daily newspaper 'Lokpriya Dainik' and 'Sindhupalchok'. Few monthly and terminal magazines also flourish in the district. The newspapers have played vital role in providing immediate news and information to the people in printed format as well as online. Sindhusandesh(सिन्धुसन्देश), one of the oldest local newspaper published since last 23 years has recently gone online.In race of providing online news to its press version Sindhusangram (सिन्धुसंग्राम) has also put its step ahead.
Health Care.
Following is the data obtained from the PHASE Nepal website:
Although there is a district hospital as well as primary healthcare centers, these are not enough for providing health services. The small health centers in many VDCs are without Auxiliary Health Workers (AHWs), (Auxiliary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Community Health Workers (CHWs). So, people seeking emergency health assistance have to travel long distance to headquarter or Kathmandu or end up dying because of lack of treatment. Many people still believe in Dhami and Jhakris and are against taking medicine or going to hospital for the treatment. An NGO, PHASE Nepal provides many healthcare facilities and training programs to two VDCs: Phulpingkot and Hagam. Many people residing in these VDCs have benefited from the program.
Tourism.
Sindhupalchok is rich in tourism resources. Cultural heritages like Gaurati Bhimeshwor temple, Tauthali Mai Temple, Sunkoshi Kafeshwor Mahadev Temple, Kshemadevi Temple, Larke Ghyang are the popular pilgrimages in the district. Sunkoshi and Bhotekoshi are the world famous rafting rivers which are flowing via this district. Bhairav Kundaand Panch Pokhari are popular trekking destination which has religious and cultural important. Bungy Jump over the Bhote Koshi river is another attraction of Sindhupalchok. Tatopani (Hot Water Spring) near by Nepal China boarder is popular as pilgrimage place. Besides these, there are so many attraction that are still behind the flash. Hill stations like Tamche, Ghunde, Yangima Danda has high probability for tourism.
Although one of the least developed, this district can be one of the finest tourist destination attracting both national and international tourists. The tourist places of this district include Langtang National Park, Langtang Himal, Jugal Himal, Panch Pokhari, Tato pani, and Gaurati Bhimeswor. Yearly, thousands of tourists visit Ultimate Bunjee at The Last Resort, the longest freefall in the world(500 ft) into Bhotekoshi river. It is located at 100 km from Kathmandu near Araniko highway and just 12 km from China border.
Politics.
Politices party of Sindhupalchowk 
Arts and culture.
Famous pop and folk singers come from the district : Raju Lama, Jaynanda Lama, Resham Thapa, Ghamesh Dulal, Navaraj Ghorasaini, Sunita Dulal, and others. Actors like Shree Krishna Shrestha, Late Shrisha Karki, Jeetu Nepal, Gopal Nepal (Fiste), Deviram Parajuli (Bhok Lagyo) are also from here. Apart from them, it is also the home of poets like Chandra Prashad Neupane, as well as politicians like Pashupati Shamsher JBR, Amrit Kumar Bohora and Bishnu Bikram Thapa.

</doc>
<doc id="2919429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919429" title="Battle of Porto Praya">
Battle of Porto Praya

The Battle of Porto Praya was a naval battle which took place during the American Revolutionary War on 16 April 1781 between a British squadron under Commodore George Johnstone and a French squadron under the Bailli de Suffren.
Both squadrons were en route to the Cape of Good Hope, the British to take it from the Dutch, the French aiming to help defend it and French possessions in the Indian Ocean. The British convoy and its escorting squadron had anchored at Porto Praya (now Praia) in the Cape Verde Islands to take on water, when the French squadron arrived and attacked them at anchor. Due to the unexpected nature of the encounter, neither fleet was prepared to do battle, and an inconclusive battle was fought in which the French fleet sustained more damage than the British (although no ships were lost). Johnstone tried to pursue the French, but was forced to call it off in order to repair the damage his ships had taken.
The French gained a strategic victory, because Suffren beat Johnstone to the Cape and reinforced the Dutch garrison before continuing on his journey to the Ile de France (now Mauritius).
Background.
France had entered the American Revolutionary War in 1778, and Britain declared war on the Dutch Republic in late 1780, when the Dutch refused to stop trading with the French and the Americans. Commodore George Johnstone was ordered to lead an expedition to capture the Dutch colony at the Cape of Good Hope. On 13 March 1781 Johnstone sailed from Spithead with a fleet of 37 ships, including five ships of the line, three frigates, and a large number of troop convoy ships. In early April the fleet anchored in the neutral harbour of Porto Praya in the Portuguese-controlled Cape Verde Islands to take on water and supplies.
The French admiral the Bailli de Suffren had been dispatched on a mission to provide military assistance to French and Dutch colonies in India, leading a fleet of five ships of the line, seven transports, and a corvette to escort the transports. On 22 March he had sailed in the company of a fleet destined for North America under Admiral de Grasse, with word of Johnstone's mission and an objective to reach the Cape first.
One of Suffren's ships, the "Artésien", had originally been destined for America, and was in need of water, so the French fleet paused when it approached Santiago on 16 April, and Suffren ordered the "Artésien" to the harbour.
Battle.
When the "Artésien" reached the mouth of the harbour, she spotted the British fleet at anchor, and signalled Suffren that the enemy was in sight. Suffren, assuming (correctly) that the fleet had men ashore and would be in some disarray, immediately gave orders to attack, leading the way with his flagship, the "Héros". Johnstone, who was in the process of ordering ship manoeuvres to separate ships that had drifted too close to one another when the French squadron was spotted, had to scramble to prepare the fleet for battle.
Suffren's orders were for his line to anchor before the British fleet and open fire. This he did with "Héros", taking on and , the two largest British ships. The "Annibal" soon came to his aid, and eventually drew most of the fire. The "Artésien", whose captain was killed early in the engagement, captured a troop ship in the confusion, and then was blown out of the action by a breeze. The "Vengeur" passed along the anchored British fleet, exchanging broadsides, but never anchored herself, and passed out of the action, while the "Sphinx" also failed to anchor, and only contributed minimally to the action.
Suffren, with the advantage of surprise, maintained the action with the two anchored ships for ninety minutes until damage ("Annibal" lost two of three masts) before signalling a retreat while maintaining fire. The "Annibal" lost her third mast on her way out of the harbour, and was slow to follow the "Héros".
The French captured the East Indiamen "Hinchinbrook" and "Fortitude", and the victualer "Edward". "Artésien" was the captor of "Hinchinbrook".
Aftermath.
Suffren gathered his fleet together outside the harbour to assess damage and make repairs. "Terror" and "Infernal" had gotten out to sea and the French fired on them. Despite being set on fire, "Terror" escaped and her crew extinguished the flames. The French captured "Infernal", and took out Captain Henry Darby and some sailors and soldiers. 
Johnstone got his squadron ready and came out of the harbour in pursuit about three hours later. Suffren adopted an aggressive line, and Johnstone, some of whose ships — especially — had suffered significant damage, chose not to renew the battle, and returned to the harbour to effect repairs. However, before he returned, he succeeded in recovering "Infernal". Her remaining crew had recaptured her while the prize crew were off their guard. Alternatively, her prize crew abandoned her at the approach of the British squadron. Their prize crews also abandoned "Hinchinbrook", "Fortititude" and "Edward", and the British recovered the vessels a few days later.
Suffren's squadron reached the Cape of Good Hope on 21 June, with the troop convoys arriving nine days later. After spending a month there for repair and refit, he left 500 men for the defence of the Dutch colony and proceeded on to Ile de France. Johnstone though still headed for the Cape and arrived in July and at Saldanha Bay took five Dutch East Indies vessels as prizes. He then made his way back to England.

</doc>
<doc id="2919430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919430" title="Barbara Rush">
Barbara Rush

Barbara Rush (born January 4, 1927) is an American stage, film, and television actress.
Career.
A student at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Barbara Rush performed on stage at the Pasadena Playhouse before signing with Paramount Pictures. She made her screen debut in the 1951 movie "The Goldbergs" and went on to star opposite the likes of James Mason, Marlon Brando, Paul Newman, Richard Burton, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra and Kirk Douglas. In 1952 she starred in "Flaming Feather" with Sterling Hayden and Victor Jory. In 1954 she won the Golden Globe Award for "Most Promising Newcomer – Female" for her performance in "It Came from Outer Space".
Rush began her career on stage and it has always been a part of her professional life. In 1970, she earned the Sarah Siddons Award for dramatic achievement in Chicago theatre for her leading role in "Forty Carats" and brought her one-woman play "A Woman of Independent Means" to Broadway in 1984. She began working on television in the 1950s. She later became a regular performer in TV movies, miniseries, and a variety of other shows including "Peyton Place" and the soap opera "All My Children". 
In 1962, she guest starred as Linda Kinkcaid in the episode "Make Me a Place" on the NBC medical drama about psychiatry, "The Eleventh Hour" starring Wendell Corey and Jack Ging. In 1962–1963, she appeared three times as Lizzie Hogan on the short-lived NBC drama about newspapers, "Saints and Sinners". In 1965, she appeared in a 2-part episode of "The Fugitive" entitled "Landscape with Running Figures" as Marie Gerard. In 1967, she guest starred on the ABC western series "Custer" starring Wayne Maunder.
She often played a willful woman of means or a polished, high-society doyenne. Rush also was cast in an occasional villainess role, as in the Rat Pack's gangster musical "Robin and the 7 Hoods" (1964) or in the Western drama "Hombre" (1967), as a rich, condescending wife of a thief who ends up taken hostage and tied to a stake. 
She portrayed the devious Nora Clavicle in the TV series "Batman". She also guest starred on the television series, "Maude", playing Phyllis Nash, a successful old friend of the title character. After appearing in the 1980 disco-themed "Can't Stop the Music", Rush returned to television work. She was a regular cast member on the early 1980s soap opera "Flamingo Road" as Eudora Weldon. She also was a guest star character named Elizabeth Knight in the season 2 debut episode "Goliath" of the 80's TV series "Knight Rider". In 1998 she was featured in an episode called "Balance of Nature" on the television series "The Outer Limits". Rush continues to make guest appearances on television as recent as 2007 in the recurring role of Grandma Ruth Camden on the series, "7th Heaven". Peter Graves appeared as her husband in the role of the by-the-book Colonel John Camden.
Personal life.
Rush married actor Jeffrey Hunter in 1950 and had a son, Christopher. They divorced in 1955. She married publicist Warren Cowan in 1959. They divorced in 1969. Their daughter, Claudia Cowan, is a journalist with Fox News television channel. Rush married Jim Gruzalski in 1970. They divorced in 1973.
Television.
"It Takes A Thief"

</doc>
<doc id="2919434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919434" title="Solukhumbu District">
Solukhumbu District

Solukhumbu District (, a part of the Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. As the name suggests, it consists of the subregions Solu and Khumbu.
The district, with Salleri as its headquarters, covers an area of 3,312 km² and had a population 107,686 in 2001 and 105,886 in 2011.
Mount Everest is in the northern part of this district, within Sagarmatha National Park.
Indigenous ethnic Rai and hill Caste Chhetri are the main groups living in the mid-hills, while Sherpas occupy high mountains.
There is a notable hiking trail known as the Solukhumbu Trail.
Tourism.
Solukhumbu District is a familiar name in mountain tourism. The main attraction is Mount Everest (8,848m). UNESCO has listed the Sagarmatha National Park as a World Heritage site. Sherpa culture and Tengboche Monastery are unique to this district.
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
There are 35 Village Development Committees in Solukhumbu Disrict:

</doc>
<doc id="2919435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919435" title="Adnan Ilyas">
Adnan Ilyas

Adnan "Danni" Ilyas (born December 30, 1984, Zafarwal, Punjab) is a Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He has previously played for the Oman Under-17s and now plays for the senior Omani cricket team.
In international youth cricket, Ilyas has made scores of 199 not out v Malaysia U17 and 168 not out v Hong Kong U19s. Oman qualified for the 2005 ICC Trophy, and Ilyas was selected in the squad, scoring a hundred in a warm-up win over Denmark in Belfast. However, in six games as an opener in the main tournament, Ilyas made 49 runs in six innings as opener, and only when he was relegated to batting at number three against Canada did he make 31.
Ilyas remains in the side, and played three games during the 2006 ACC Trophy, where Oman were knocked out at the group stage after a loss to Bahrain in the final game. In the Bahrain game, Oman were set 284 and Ilyas scored 18 as opener, out of a total of 264.

</doc>
<doc id="2919436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919436" title="Sunsari District">
Sunsari District

Sunsari District (), a part of Kosi Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Inaruwa as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,257 km² and at the 2011 census had a population of 763,487.
The area was originally part of Morang but became its own district in 1962 when Nepal was divided into 14 zones and 75 districts.
Major cities in Sunsari district are Inaruwa, Itahari and Dharan .

</doc>
<doc id="2919437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919437" title="Kurdish Hizbollah (Turkey)">
Kurdish Hizbollah (Turkey)

Hizbullah (), often referred to as the Turkish Hezbollah (Türk "Hizbullahı") or Kurdish Hezbollah (KH) (Kurdish: "Hizbullahî Kurdî"), to avoid confusion with the unrelated Lebanese Shi'a group called Hezbollah, is a Kurdish-based Sunni Islamist militant organization, active against the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) and the Government of Turkey. Although its members theoretically remain committed to violence, the organization has focused on non-violent activities during the last 10 years.
Background.
In the 1970s various Turkish/Kurdish Islamists sought to work through democratic means to develop Islamism in Turkey. Many joined the National Turkish Student Association (Milli Türk Talebe Birliği, MTTB), the youth organization of the National Salvation Party. With the closure of these after the 1980 Turkish coup d'état, it appeared clear that the military was too strongly dedicated to secularism for the democratic route to be an option, and a group of Islamists launched the Union Movement ("Vahdet Hareketi"). The movement organised around two bookshops in Diyarbakır - Fidan Gündör's "Menzil" and Hüseyin Velioğlu's "İlim". Until 1987 the groups gathered around these bookshops worked together.
In 1987, when Hüseyin Velioğlu moved his bookshop to Batman, different opinions on leadership and armed actions resulted in the split of the two wings. The so-called İlim-wing, under the leadership of Hüseyin Velioğlu insisted to start the armed struggle immediately. The dispute resulted in bloody fighting between the two factions. Between 1990 and 1993, the Ilim group killed many members of the Menzil group, and ultimately emerged victorious. In 1993 the Ilim group took the name "Hizbullah".
History.
The group which became known as Kurdish Hizbollah took this name in 1993, after emerging victorious from a bloody factional war between two wings of the Union Movement ("Vahdet Hareketi") which had been established following the 1980 Turkish coup d'état's crushing of Islamist hopes for democratic success. Hüseyin Velioğlu's group had previously been known as "Ilim", named for his bookshop. According to Turkish security officials, the Turkish Hezbollah was financed by and trained in post-revolutionary Iran, with Iran allegedly using terror groups to establish Islamic governments throughout the Middle East. However, there is substantial evidence that Turkish Hezbollah was in fact supported, if not actually established, by elements of the Turkish state and military.
Further groups within Kurdish Hezbollah were named as "Tevhid", led by Nurettin Şirin and Mehmet Şahin and "Yeryüzü", led by Burhan Kavuncu. Besides the town of Batman, Hezbollah was strongest in Silvan district of Diyarbakır province. For a long time the village Yolaç was used as their base.
In the early 1990s the organization became a direct threat to the already rising Kurdish separatist movement. The Kurdish Islamist group (of Sunni thought) began as an oppositional force against the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), though later they have targeted both the PKK and people who they considered to be with "low morals" (people who drank alcohol, wore mini-skirts etc.). Between 1992 and 1995 KH killed around 500 PKK members, for the loss of around 200 of its own.
The KH also targeted journalists which wrote about its activities, particularly those who wrote about connections between KH and the Turkish state and military. Journalists associated with "2000'e Doğru" and "Özgür Gündem" were particularly targeted (see List of journalists killed in Turkey).
Some of Hezbollah's major attacks allegedly include an April 1999 suicide bombing in Bingol, and the February 2001 assassination of Diyarbakir police chief Gaffar Okkan (and five other police).
Turkish military support.
The weekly "2000'e Doğru" of 16 February 1992 reported that eyewitnesses and sympathizers of Hezbollah had informed them that members of the organization were educated in the headquarters of Turkey's rapid deployment force ("Çevik Kuvvet") in Diyarbakır. Two days after the article was published its author, Halit Güngen was killed by unidentified murderers. Namik Taranci, the Diyarbakir representative of the weekly journal "Gerçek" (Reality), was shot dead on November 20, 1992 on his way to work in Diyarbakır. Again, the previous edition of the magazine had examined relations between the state and Hizbullah. Hafiz Akdemir, reporter for "Özgür Gündem" (Free Agenda), was shot dead in a Diyarbakır street on June 8, 1992, after reporting that a man who had given refuge to assassins fleeing a Hezbollah-style double killing in Silvan was released after only six weeks in custody, without even appearing in court.
The 1993 report of Turkey's Parliamentary Investigation Commission referred to information that Hezbollah had a camp in the Batman region where they received political and military training and assistance from the security forces.
Former Minister Fikri Sağlar said in an interview with the paper "Siyah-Beyaz" (Black-White) that the army not only used Hezbollah, but actually founded and sponsored the organization. He maintained that such a decision had been taken in 1985 at the highest levels - the National Security Council. On 17 January 2011 Arif Doğan, a retired colonel in the Turkish army who also claims to be a founder of JİTEM, while testifying in court in the Ergenekon case, declared that he set up Hezbollah as a contra group to force to fight and kill militants of the PKK. The organization was originally to be called "Hizbul-Kontr" ("Party of the Contras").
According to journalist Faik Bulut, some Hizbollah members were caught in Istanbul with 40 kg of C-4 explosive and valid National Intelligence Organization identity cards.
Human resources.
In December 2003 Corry Görgü put the number of militants as high as 20,000 a figure presented by the Center for Defense Information as well. Information provided by the Intelligence Resource Program of the Federation of American Scientists based on the 2002 Patterns of Global Terrorism report suggests that the organisation possibly has a few hundred members and several thousand supporters. Ufuk Hiçyılmaz stated that the group had about 1,000 armed members.
Trials (2000 - 2011).
After the kidnapping of several businessmen in Istanbul and the subsequent raid of a house in Beykoz quarter a nationwide hunt on Hezbollah supporters followed. During the operation in Beykoz on 17 January 2000 Hüseyin Velioğlu was killed and Edip Gümüş and Cemal Tutar were detained. Edip Gümüş, born 1958 in Batman was alleged to lead the military wing of Hezbollah and Cemal Tutar was said to be a member of the armed wing. In this period nearly 6000 KH members were arrested.
In the time to follow many trials were conducted in Diyarbakır and other places against alleged members of Hezbollah. In several instances defendants raised torture allegations. Such allegations are documented in Urgent Actions (UA) of Amnesty International. In the trial in which Edip Gümüş and Cemal Tutar were indicted the defendant Fahrettin Özdemir said on 10 July 2000 that he had been held in custody for 59 days and had been tortured. In the hearing of 11 September 2000 Cemal Tutar said that he had been held in police custody for 180 days.
The Hezbollah trial was concluded in December 2009. The defendants received varying terms of imprisonment.
Eighteen members of Turkish Hezbollah, suspected of militant activities, were released from jail on 4 January 2011, in accordance with a recent amendment to the Turkish criminal code that set a limit of 10 years on the time detainees can be held without being sentenced in a final verdict.
Movement of the Oppressed and Hüda-Par (2002 - ).
Following the decision to end armed struggle in 2002, sympathizers of Hizbollah's Menzil group founded an association called "Solidarity with the Oppressed" (tr: "Mustazaflar ile Dayanışma Derneği" or short Mustazaf Der) in 2003. It also became known as the Movement of the Oppressed (Turkish: "Mustazaflar Hareketi", Kurdish: "Hereketa Mistezefan"). On 18 April 2010 Mustazaf Der organized a mass meeting in Diyarbakir to celebrate the anniversary of the Prophet Muhammad’s birthday (known as Mawlid). The Turkish police estimated that the event was attended by 120,000 people. The organizers put the figure at over 300,000.
On 20 April 2010 a court in Diyarbakir ordered the closure of the Association for the Oppressed (Mustazaf-Der) on the grounds that it was “conducting activities on behalf of the terrorist organization Hizbollah.” The decision was confirmed by the Court of Cassation on 11 May 2012.
In late 2012, the Movement of the Oppressed announced its will to found a political party, basically to challenge the hegemony of the Peace and Democracy Party. In December 2012, a political party with the name Free Cause Party ("Hür Dava Partisi") was founded. Hüda-Par, the abbreviated form of the party's name is synonymous with Hizbollah, both interpreted as the "God's Party", emphasising that the party is a front for the otherwise illegal Hizbollah. Societies affiliated with Hüda-Par operate under the umbrella organisation Lovers of Prophet (Turkish: "Peygamber Sevdalıları", Kurdish: "Evindarên Pêyxamber") particularly active in Kurdish Mawlid meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="2919438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919438" title="Siraha District">
Siraha District

Siraha District(, a part of Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Siraha as its district headquarters covers an area of 1,188 km². In 2001 it had a population of 572,399, in 2011 637,328.

</doc>
<doc id="2919440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919440" title="Prince Valdemar of Denmark">
Prince Valdemar of Denmark

Prince Valdemar of Denmark, GCTE (27 October 1858 in Bernstorff Palace – 14 January 1939 in Copenhagen) was a member of the Danish Royal Family, the youngest son of Christian IX of Denmark and his wife Louise of Hesse-Kassel. Valdemar was the younger brother of Frederik VIII of Denmark, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom, George I of Greece, Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia, and Crown Princess Thyra of Hanover.
Birth.
Prince Valdemar was born on 27 October 1858 at Bernstorff Palace in Gentofte north of Copenhagen. His father was Prince Christian of Denmark, later King Christian IX. His mother was Princess Louise of Hesse-Kassel. He was baptised on 21 December 1858. 
Early life.
In March of 1863, the Danish royal family, including four year-old Valdemar, traveled to London for the wedding of his eldest sister, Alexandra, to the Prince of Wales, the son and heir of Queen Victoria. That November, his parents succeeded to the throne of Denmark following the death of King Frederick VII. 
Prince Valdemar received his early education from tutors. In the summer of 1874, he accompanied his father during his visit to Iceland for the millennium celebrations. After his confirmation in 1874, as was customary for princes at that time, he started a military education and entered the naval college. In 1879, he was sub-lieutenant and in 1880 lieutenant. In the following years, he participated in several naval expeditions.
Marriage.
He married Princess Marie d'Orleans on 20 October 1885 in a civil ceremony in Paris. They had a religious ceremony on 22 October 1885 at the Château d'Eu, the residence of Prince Philippe, Count of Paris. Among the most notable attendants were Valdemar's mother Queen Louise of Denmark, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and Marie's parents the Duke and Duchess of Chartres.
The wedding was believed by one source to have been politically arranged, and in France, it was believed that the Count of Paris (the bride's uncle) was personally responsible for the match. However, the same source claimed that "there was every reason to believe that was a genuine love match".
At the time of their marriage, it was decided that any sons would be brought up in Valdemar's Lutheran faith, while any daughters would be raised as Catholics, the faith of their mother. The couple's four sons were consequently Lutherans, while their only daughter, Margaret was raised a Catholic and married a Catholic prince.
Later life.
Valdemar had a lifelong naval career, but things could have been much different for the prince. He was offered two European thrones, those of Bulgaria and Norway, but declined them due to international pressures.
He died on 14 January 1939 in the Yellow Palace in Copenhagen and was buried in Roskilde Cathedral. He was the last surviving child of Christian IX and Louise of Hesse-Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="2919442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919442" title="Ethylene (data page)">
Ethylene (data page)

This page provides supplementary chemical data on ethylene.
Material Safety Data Sheet.
The handling of this chemical may incur notable safety precautions. It is highly recommend that you seek the Material Safety Datasheet (MSDS) for this chemical from a reliable source such as SIRI, and follow its directions.
References.
Except where noted otherwise, data relate to standard ambient temperature and pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="2919444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919444" title="Surkhet District">
Surkhet District

Surkhet District (, ) is one of Nepal's seventy-five districts of Nepal located about west of the national capital Kathmandu. Surkhet is one of six districts in Bheri Zone which in turn belongs to the Mid-Western Development Region. The district's area is 2,451 km². It had 288,527 population in 2001 and 350,804 in 2011. Birendranagar is the district headquarters, nominated for capital of the proposed Bheri-Karnali state of the new federal republic.
Geography and Climate.
Surkhet Valley is one the Inner Terai Valleys of Nepal. Bordering districts are Jajarkot, Dailekh, and Achham to the north, Bardiya and Kailali to the south, Salyan district to the east, and Doti to the west. 
Unlike the cold weather of the Karnali mountain region and hot weather of the Outer Terai region, Surkhet has a more moderate climate. Winter temperatures drop to about 5°C and in summer it goes up to 38°C. Monsoon brings sufficient rainfall during the rainy season. 
Inhabitants.
Before its own identity as an independent district, it used to be in the district of Dailekh. Surkhet is hub to remote districts like Dailekh, Kaalikot, Jumla, Mugu, Jajarkot, and Salyan. Recently because of insurgency, many people have migrated to Surkhet from these districts.
The majority of the people are Bahun and Chettris, and there are minorities which are Newar, Magar, Tharu, Sunaar, and Kaami. Majority of the people are Hindu. Others are Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims.
Infrastructure.
Surkhet is accessible by air service and roads from various parts of the country. Ratna highway links it to the rest of Nepal. Karnali Highway, recently constructed and being black topped, will link Surkhet to the remote Western region Karnali. Surkhet Airport near Birendranagar has scheduled flights to Kathmandu, Nepalgunj, Jumla and other districts.
Three colleges offer education up to Master's level. There are many 10+2 schools teaching science, management, humanities, rural development, education etc. Other institutions offer technical education such as veterinary, overseer, computer assistant, assistant health worker and ANM. A university is proposed for construction in Surkhet valley.
There is a regional hospital.
There are many NGOs and INGOs working in this area for development. The INF Surkhet Programme is one of the oldest organizations working in the health and development sector. There are other INGOs like GTZ, DFID, DANIDA, US Aid, Oxfam.
Tourism.
Tourist attractions are places like Kakrebihar, Bulbule, Deutibajai, Mangalgadhi, Gothikanda, Ghantaghar, Bheri river and others with religious as well as historic values. Kakrebihar is the remains of an old Buddhist Monastery (palace), which is in the list of national heritage sites in Nepal. Bheri river is a well known destination for rafting. Birendranagar is one of Nepal's few cities built under a master plan.

</doc>
<doc id="2919446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919446" title="Syangja District">
Syangja District

Syangja District(), a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Syangja as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,164 km² and has a population (2011) of 289148. Syangja lies at the height of about 1088 meters (3572 feet) above the sea level. It lies at about latitude 28°4'60 North and longitude 83°52'0 East.
Syangja in 1994 under the auspices of the South Asia Poverty Alleviation Programme (SAPAP) of the UNDP, received million of dollars of international investment and has become a model for national development. Syangja's model has proved so successful that the Government of Nepal joined forces with the SAPAP to extend the project to other districts and make it a model for national development. It has been initiated or implemented in at least 200 Village Development Councils (VDCs) of 45 districts of Nepal.
The other main feature of this district is the Siddhartha Highway named after Gautam Buddha which connects Bhairahawa with Pokhara via Syangja. The highway crosses this district in the east to Kubende and in the west to Ramdi. It is the oldest highway of Nepal built more than 40 years ago.
Many different ethnicities of people live in this district. The major groups consists of Brahmin, kshetri, Gurung, Magar and others. The people are famous for their unique identity. Brahmin and chetri (Kshetriya) are renowned by their representation in the governmental jobs and Indian army respectively. Gurungs and Magars are famous because of their involvement in British Army Gurkhas and Military of India.
Syangja Bazaar is the headquarters of this district. The places of Syangja district that keeps their name in history are Sataoun chandi, Manakamana, Bhirkot durbar, Alamdevi, Nuwakot durbar, Chhangchhangdi, Ridi, Godhagodhi taal, Mirmi etc. Chhangchhangdi (Chaya-kshetra) is mentioned in Swasthani as the place where the last organ of dead Satyawati fell when she was carried by Lord Shiva. Kali-Gandaki A hydro electricity in Mirmi is the largest hydro electricity project in Nepal producing 144 MW of electricity. Syangja is the district in whole Nepal which suffers from least problem of load-shedding. While the nation suffers 16 hours a day, the district Syangja suffers just 2 hours a week of load-shedding. There is a saying that "when you go to Syangja and hit randomly a house with a stone that house surely belongs to Section-Officer."
Putalibazaar municipality is in eastern and central Syangja. Waling is a municipality in western Syangja. It is a longitudinal valley along the beautiful Adhikhola river(it is claimed to be tears of Shrawan Kumar). Biggest valley in Syangja is Bayarghari.
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
Municipalities:
1. Waling municipality (Formed from former Dhanubase, Pekhu and Walling VDCs).
2. Putali Bazar municipality (Formed from former Putalibazar, Satupasal, Chandikalika, Ganeshpur and Karendanda VDCs).

</doc>
<doc id="2919447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919447" title="Tanahun District">
Tanahun District

Tanahun District (), a part of Gandaki Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Damauli as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,546 km² and has a population (2001) of 315,237. Previously the town of Bandipur was its district headquarter.
Map Of Tanahu.
http://www.un.org.np/maps/district-maps/western/Tanahu.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="2919449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919449" title="Taplejung District">
Taplejung District

Taplejung District ( is the Mountain district of Mechi Zone in Nepal's Eastern Development Region. The district covers . The 2011 census counted 127,461 population. Taplejung is the district headquarters
The name Taplejung is derived from the words "Taple" and "jung". Taple was the medieval Limbu king who used to rule the area and "jung" in the Limbu language means fort. Literally, Taplejung means Fort of King Taple.
Geography and Climate.
Taplejung is in northeastern Nepal. The Tamur River flows through the district. The area is famous for Kanchenjunga the third highest mountain in the world. The district is one of the most beautiful areas in eastern Nepal with spectacular landscapes, Himalayan peaks and a wide range of flora and fauna. Alpine grassland, rocky outcrops, dense temperate and subtropical forests and river valleys make up the region.
Pathibhara Devi Temple.
One of the major attractions is the Pathibhara Devi or MUKKUMLUNG (as mentioned in MUNDHUM of kirati people) Temple. This little known region attracts tourists seeking spiritual fulfillment and blessings from the powerful Pathibhara Devi. Hindus and Buddhists visit the temple for celebrations during special occasions. The trek to Pathibhara Devi (3794 m) combined with the natural and cultural experiences of the region make the visit a unique exhilarating experience. It takes a day to reach the temple on foot from Taplejung Bazaar. On the way to the temple one can find many species of rhododendron.
The shrine of the Pathibhara Devi temple is on a mountain at 3794 meters in the east of Nepal. The temple is mostly visited by Hindus on first week of April & September. These days are celebrated as "Dashain". The day devi killed a demon named Maisasur. The shrine of the Pathibhara Devi temple is on a mountain at 3794 meters in the east of Nepal. The temple is holy for Hindus and Buddhists.
The goddesses Pathibhara is said to make dreams come true. The myth is that shepherds suddenly lost a lot of sheep in this area and that Pathibara appeared in their dreams. She promised that the sheep would return if they would offer a few to her. And so they did.
Pathibhara lies in the junction of three VDCs: Tapethok, Limkhim and PhawaKhola VDCs 19 km distance from Taplejung Bazaar (Phungling). The journey to Pathibhara starts from Suketar Airport (2840 m) which is about 1.5 hours walk from Phungling Bazaar. Pathibhara Devi is about 5–6-hour walk from Suketar.
Suketar is only STOL airstrip in Taplejung district and is connected to Kathmandu and Biratnagar by scheduled flights. From Suketar the Pathivara trial passes through Deurali, Ramitedanda, Chhatedhunga, Bhalugaunda, Phedi and finally reaches Pathibhara Devi temple. The trial offers food and lodging facilities. Basic accommodation facilities are also available for pilgrims near the shrine.
The best time to visit is from March to June and September to November.
To reach the Pathibara temple you have to walk for around 10 hours from Suketar. In Suketar is a small airport that can be reached from Kathmandu or Biratnagar.
A good idea is to visit Pathibara Devi temple in combination with the Limbu cultural heritage trekking or on your way to Kanchanjunga base camp.
Travel.
For those wanting to travel Taplejung by road there are two options: 
The airport in Suketar (under renovation) can only accommodate aircraft Short Take-off and Landing (STOL).

</doc>
<doc id="2919451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919451" title="Terhathum District">
Terhathum District

Terhathum District (, a part of Kosi Zone, is one of the twenty-five districts of Nepal. The district, with Myanglung as its district headquarters, covers an area of 679 km² (although it is doubtful;°°°and has a population (2001) of 113,111. The word Tehrathum is constructed from thirteen ("tehra") and "thum" (castle or fort). This can be spelled as Terathum, Tehrathum or Terhathum. The town supposedly is the site of one of a series of guard posts once protecting the territory of the Limbus (Limbuwan). Therathum is a word also used to mention Myanglung Bazar which has the district headquarters of Tehrathum. Myanglung is onomatopoeic for the sound of a cat meowing and refers to an old tradition of a Hindu temple (which remains today) in the town which had a resident cat. The "myang" means cat and "lung" means stone in Limbu (Kirat) language. The story is that the cat (myang) in ancient time, pawed the stone (lung) in anger. The stone still exists in Myanglung Bazaar at its gateway and is worshipped by the people entering bazaar.
Village Development Committees (VDCs).
Tehrathum comprises total 32 village development committees (VDC)s or local administrative divisions with 9 sub-divisions within each VDCs called wards. The VDCs are:

</doc>
<doc id="2919453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919453" title="Udayapur District">
Udayapur District

Udayapur District (, a part of Sagarmatha Zone, is one of the seventy-five districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Triyuga as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,063 km² and in 2001 had a population of 287,689, in 2011 of 317,532.

</doc>
<doc id="2919459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919459" title="Barracks Arch">
Barracks Arch

The Barracks' Arch is located on the corner of Malcolm and Elder Streets, at the western end of St Georges Terrace in Perth, Western Australia. It effectively blocks a clear view from Parliament House down St George's Terrace.
The Barracks.
Designed by Richard Roach Jewell (1810-1891), the Barracks were originally built in 1866 to house the retired Enrolled Pensioner Force. The Enrolled Pensioner Force came to Australia as guards on convict ships, and were given small land grants in return for part-time guard work. The bulk of convict work moved from Fremantle to Perth in the 1860s, so there was a need to accommodate many Enrolled Pensioners and their families.
Architect Jewell designed the three-storey building in Tudor style that resembled a medieval castle. The building was brick, rather than more expensive stone, and horizontal lines emphasised by using lines of paler colour bricks underneath the windows. The roof was made of timber shingles. The building was finished in 1866, and was later extended to house an additional 21 families. Each family apartment had two rooms, each about 13 feet by 11 feet, with at least one fireplace. The outbuildings included a cook house, firing range and gun room, wash house, stores and stables, and a fives court constructed later.
A fire in 1887 destroyed the timber flooring of the east wing and the second floor of the central section. Water was pumped by hand pumps from the Swan River and brought by buckets through a chain of volunteers. The burnt sections were later restored.
The Barracks was gradually converted to offices for the Public Works Department between 1900 and 1904. The fives court housed the drawing office, and eventually connected to a mid-1920s addition for the Metropolitan Water Supply, Sewerage and Drainage department. The Public Works Department and Metropolitan Water Board moved to Dumas House in March 1966.
Demolition of the Barracks and retention of the Arch.
The Government intended to demolish the Barracks, to facilitate the building of the Mitchell Freeway, after the departments moved to their new location. The Royal Western Australian Historical Society formed a Barracks Defence Council in 1961, and joined the public outcry against demolition in 1966. The Barracks Defence Council worked to keep the arch and five bays of windows either side, and at worst, keep only the gateway and towers. Meanwhile, demolition proceeded, with the third and fourth bays of windows demolished and rubble cleared.
Opinion polls were conducted to gauge the public's preferences. A March 1966 poll by radio station 6IX received 2,747 votes to retain the Arch and 59 votes for demolition. The West Australian newspaper's July poll recorded 9,681 votes for retention and 1345 against. Cabinet authorised a Gallup poll, which showed 49% of votes for retention, 35% against, 11% no opinion, and 5% for moving the Arch elsewhere. The Premier, Sir David Brand, interpreted the results as indecisive, and declared Parliament would decide on the Arch's fate on a non-party basis. The motion to demolish the Arch was defeated on 19 October 1966, by 26 votes to 18.
The Public Works Department retained the Arch and landscaped the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="2919460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919460" title="Bon Accord">
Bon Accord

Bon Accord may refer to:
Related to Aberdeen, Scotland:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="2919463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919463" title="Sam Mitchell">
Sam Mitchell

Sam Mitchell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919468" title="Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics">
Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics

The Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik ("MPI for Nuclear Physics" or MPIK for short) is a
research institute in Heidelberg, Germany. 
The institute is one of the 80 institutes of the Max-Planck-Gesellschaft (Max Planck Society), an independent, non-profit research organization. The Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics has been founded in 1958 under the leadership of Wolfgang Gentner. Its precursor was the Institute for Physics at the MPI for Medical Research.
Today, the institute's research areas are: crossroads of particle physics and astrophysics (astroparticle physics) and
many-body dynamics of atoms and molecules (quantum dynamics). There are five scientific divisions and several further research groups and junior groups. Scientific and technical departments as well as the administration support the researchers. The institute has about 390 employees, as well as many diploma students and scientific guests. 
The research field of Astroparticle Physics, represented by the divisions of Werner Hofmann and Manfred Lindner, combines questions related to macrocosm and microcosm. Unconventional methods of observation for gamma rays and neutrinos open new windows to the universe. What lies behind “dark matter” and “dark energy” is theoretically investigated.
The research field of Quantum Dynamics is represented by the divisions of Klaus Blaum, Christoph Keitel and Joachim Ullrich. Using reaction microscopes, simple chemical reactions can be “filmed”. Storage rings and traps allow precision experiments almost under space conditions. The interaction of intense laser light with matter is investigated using quantum-theoretical methods.
Further research fields are cosmic dust, atmospheric physics as well as fullerenes and other carbon molecules.
Scientists at the MPIK collaborate with other research groups in Europe and all over the world and are involved in numerous international collaborations, partly in a leading role. Particularly close connections to some large-scale facilities like GSI (Darmstadt), DESY (Hamburg), CERN (Geneva), INFN-LNGS (Assergi L‘Aquila) exist.
In the local region, the Institute cooperates closely with the University of Heidelberg, where the directors and further members of the Institute are teaching. Three International Max Planck Research Schools (IMPRS) and a graduate school serve to foster young scientists.
The institute operates accelerators (12 MeV Tandem, 15 MeV high-current injector, 25 MeV linear postaccelerator) injecting highly charged atomic ions or molecular ions into a storage ring (TSR). The electron-beam ion trap (EBIT) is able to produce and store 78-fold charged mercury ions.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2919470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919470" title="Siegfried Verbeke">
Siegfried Verbeke

Siegfried Verbeke (born June 21, 1941, Antwerp) is a Belgian revisionist publisher and Holocaust denier.
History.
Verbeke became a public figure in 1977 when, together with the later Vlaams Blok ideologist and senator Roeland Raes, he founded the Flemish denial magazine "Haro". This magazine distributed tapes from various speeches made by Adolf Hitler, Joseph Goebbels and Hermann Göring. During this period, he also was a member of the Vlaamse Militanten Orde (Flemish Militants Order), an organisation that became notorious for its attacks on immigrants, Walloons, and socialists. The government began dismantling the organisation in 1981 and it had ceased to exist by the 1990s.
At the beginning of the 1990s, Verbeke distributed pamphlets in the Netherlands to people with presumed Jewish names. In 1993, a Belgian court sentenced Verbeke to a one-year suspended prison term for distributing pamphlets belittling the Holocaust. Verbeke was also stripped of his civil rights for 10 years (his active and passive right to vote). The next year Verbeke circulated a booklet challenging what the authors called "the official version of the Holocaust."
Two years later, in 1995, he hit the headlines again by trying to get political asylum in the Netherlands because he was banned from distributing his material in Belgium.
In 1998, criminal proceedings were launched against Verbeke by the public prosecution of Frankfurt, Germany, for distributing to German addresses the antisemitic pamphlet "Goldhagen and Spielberg Lies", which attacked Daniel Goldhagen and Steven Spielberg. In 2000, Verbeke was ordered to abstain from distributing a brochure co-authored with professor of literature Robert Faurisson that attempted to challenge the authenticity of the "Diary of Anne Frank". The next year, Belgian Minister for Culture Bert Anciaux demanded that all Belgian libraries would remove any works by Verbeke from the shelves.
In 2004, he volunteered to be exposed to Zyklon B, the poison used in the gas chambers, as an application for the One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge of the James Randi Educational Foundation. His application was rejected.
In 2004, Verbeke was convicted in Belgium of Holocaust denial and given a year in prison and fined €2500. On August 3, 2005, he was again arrested at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam under an international arrest warrant issued in Germany where he was wanted for Holocaust denial and writing internet articles on the subject. He was sentenced to 9 months in prison, and released on May 5, 2006.
On December 15, 2006, he was again arrested on the basis of an arrest warrant from the Court of Appeal in Antwerp, issued April 14, 2005, and was subsequently incarcerated in Belgium.
In June 2008 he was fined €25,000 and sentenced again to a one year term, together with Vincent Reynouard, for denialism.

</doc>
<doc id="2919476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919476" title="BFP">
BFP

BFP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919480" title="Pops Fernandez">
Pops Fernandez

Maria Cielito Lukban Fernandez (Quezon City, 12 December 1966), also known as Pops Fernandez, is a Filipino singer, entertainer, entrepreneur, TV host, and actress. She is dubbed the "Concert Queen."
Biography.
Maria Cielito "Pops" Lukban Fernandez was born on December 12, 1966 in Quezon City, Philippines. She is the daughter of action star Eddie Fernandez and Dulce Lukban. She has three other siblings: Edwin, Joey and Jocelyn. She was previously married to singer-songwriter Martin Nievera with whom she has two sons, Robin and Ram.
Career.
Fernandez began her music career at age 16 when she signed a contract with OctoArts Records in 1981. In 1982, Fernandez released her first album and co-hosted the Philippine television series "Penthouse Live!" with Martin Nievera. She became a popular celebrity in the Philippines. She has appeared on the covers of several Philippine magazines.
In 1996, Fernandez joined the cast of another television program "ASAP" together with her former husband Martin Nievera, along with Dayanara Torres and Ariel Rivera.
Fernandez was awarded the "Best Female Musical Variety Show Host" at the Philippine "KBP Golden Dove Awards" in 1999. She has also toured the United States, Japan, Hong Kong, Guam, and Italy promoting her music to Philippine audiences. She also released her album "Shindig Live" in 2001.
She recorded a series of songs that reached the top of the Philippine charts and attracted a sell-out crowd in venues such as the Araneta Coliseum and the Rizal Football Stadium, as well as the General Motors Palace in
Vancouver.
Fernandez sparked controversy by posing provocatively on the cover of "FHM magazine".
In June 2007, Fernandez co-hosted a Philippine show with Kuh Ledesma in Las Vegas. She was preparing for her December concert at the Araneta Coliseum marking her 25th year anniversary in the Philippine entertainment industry. 
In 2008, she performed with other Philippine singer such as Regine Velasquez, Kuh Ledesma, and Zsa Zsa Padilla in the Araneta Coliseum, called "Divas 4 Divas".
Film.
After doing so many films genre in Musical, or Comedy or even light Drama under Regal Films her Movie and Mother Company but after her public divorce in the Mid-90's she was seen as a Dramatic Actress by 1999 she did the film "Linlang" in English (Infidelity) with Dramatic Actor Richard Gomez, and Versatile Actress Joyce Jimenez, and in 2001 she did the Film Gusto Ko Nang Lumigaya (I Just Want To Be Happy) which she starred with Drama Kings Albert Martinez, Diether Ocampo, and Bojo Molina both films were directed by Multi-Media and Award Winning Director Maryo J. Delos Reyes which made her Box-Office Drama Queen Twice, and did a Romantic Comedy the same year titled Videoke King with Robin Padilla which she garnered the Box Office and then in 2006 played Super Villain in Zsa Zsa Zeturnah Opposite Zsa Zsa Padilla.
Controversies.
During her divorce in 1999, she ventured into doing movies such as Linlang starring Richard Gomez and Joyce Jimenez
about a wronged wife out for revenge after learning of her husband's infidelity. The movie was directed by multi-awarded director, Maryo J. Delos Reyes, which won her the Box Office Queen Award and in 2000. She did another movie under Reyes' direction in the suspense/thriller, "Gusto Ko Nang Lumigaya". These two movies showed her acting prowess and boosted her acting career.
2009-present.
In 2009, Pops performed in the US leg of her "The Divas 4 Divas Tour" together with Regine Velasquez, Kuh Ledesma and Zsa Zsa Padilla. She released a new album under MCA Universal entitled, "Hope", which is a collection of all revival songs and a new version of her 1983 hits "Little Star".
After appearing in I Love Betty La Fea, Pops became a judge in GMA Network's Are You The Next Big Star?, a singing contest/reality show. She also did a major concert with ex-husband, Martin Nievera, entitled "Missing You" held in Araneta Coliseum. 
In 2010, Pops and Nievera reunited once again for a Valentine's Day concert entitled "One More Time" held in SMX Convention Center. Aside from that, Pops was also a special guest in Sharon Cuneta's "Up Close" U.S concert. In 2011, she and Ogie Alcasid staged a back to back 2011 Valentine Concert "I Valentine U' at Crowne Plaza Hotel. In June 14, she held a fabulous, fashion/style one-night concert "Pops in Fashion" at the Newport Performing Arts Theatre. In July, Pops and AiAi delaz Alaz paired up for an "Unstoppable" concert at the Grand Theatre in Reno, Nevada. In August, she also guested in Erik Santos' "Power Ikons" concert at the Music Museum.
In 2012, Pops was an in-demand artist abroad along with ex- Martin Nievera and friend, AiAi Delas Alas. The 3 staged in " Three's the Company", a musical love triangle in California on April 20. Also, The King and Queen did a series of shows "Twogether" in Toronto and Calgary on May 4 and following May 6. The two also released an all duet COVERS album entitled "No More Words". Back in the Philippines, Pops along with Jim Paredes hosted the one night of all-stars OPM icons concert "ICONS at MOA" which happened on June 16. She was also invited to perform in Yokohama Japan for Philippine Bario Fiesta on September. At the same month, she also hosted the "PMPC Star wards for Music" and was given a special award "Natatanging Alagad ng Musika" along with some OPM veterans. She also signed up a contract on Viva Entertainment Group on November. And on December along with Lani Misalucha, she was given an honor of Walk of Fame by Kuya Germs in the Eastwood City. Aside from singing and performing, Pops is also a businesswoman who created "Cheapipay" a one-stop-shop online store. Fore more visit to her website cheapipay.com.ph
Early 2013, Pops, Martin, Ogie, and Regine teamed up for a Valentine's Day concert called "Foursome" held in SM Mall of Asia (MOA) Arena. Because of its success, the concert had an encore performance on March 16th, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2919487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919487" title="Northgate Arena">
Northgate Arena

Northgate Arena is an arena and leisure centre complex in Chester, England. Built in the 1970s on the site of the Chester Northgate railway station, Northgate Arena includes swimming pools, a gymnasium, several sports halls and a sauna. The main sports hall is also used for toy and train, antique, postcard and computer fairs. The smaller halls are used by a range of martial art groups which practice, amongst other disciplines, Ju Jitsu, Thai Boxing, Ninjitsu and Kung Fu. 
The arena is also the home venue of the Cheshire Phoenix who compete in the British Basketball League. The 1,000-seat sports hall has served as the team's home since 1993, following the clubs move from Ellesmere Port.

</doc>
<doc id="2919488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919488" title="Who Knows Where the Time Goes?">
Who Knows Where the Time Goes?

"Who Knows Where the Time Goes?" is a song written by the English folk-rock singer and songwriter Sandy Denny. Denny originally recorded the song as a demo in 1967, singing and playing guitar on the track. Later that year, she briefly joined the folk band The Strawbs, and re-recorded the song, again with only her voice and guitar, for what became the album "All Our Own Work", which would not be released until 1973.
American folk singer Judy Collins heard a tape of the original demo recording in 1968, and decided to cover the song. She released her recording first as the B-side of her cover of "Both Sides, Now", and then as the title track of her album "Who Knows Where the Time Goes", both released in 1968. Hers was the first widely available recording of the song.
In 1968 Denny joined the folk-rock band Fairport Convention. She recorded the song on her second album with the band, the 1969 album "Unhalfbricking". This version had more of a rock influence.
"Who Knows Where the Time Goes?" has since become a signature song for both Denny and Fairport Convention, and has been covered by many artists.
In 2007, the "Unhalfbricking" version was voted "Favourite Folk Track Of All Time" by listeners of BBC Radio 2.
Structure.
The song is a slow-paced reflection in three verses on observed events ("Across the evening sky all the birds are leaving")
Having described these observations, Denny then writes that for her, some things are timeless ("Before the winter's fire, I will still be dreamin'; I have no thought of time") and in the last line of the short chorus asks rhetorically "Who knows where the time goes?".
The song is in the key of E major.
Cover versions.
Cover versions have been recorded by, among others 10,000 Maniacs, Mary Black, Eva Cassidy, Judy Collins, Nana Mouskouri, Lonnie Donegan, Nanci Griffith, Susanna Hoffs, Deanna Kirk, Charlie Louvin, Cat Power, Eddi Reader, Julianne Regan (with Fairport Convention), Kate Rusby, Nina Simone (on her 1970 live album "Black Gold"), Matthew Sweet, Barbara Dickson, Kate Wolf, Lumiere w/Sinéad O'Connor, Heather Masse (on the radio program A Prairie Home Companion). It is the title track of Rondi Charleston's 2011 jazz album. Also in the TV show Pretty Little Liars, Aria (Lucy Hale) sings a cover.
Soundtrack appearances.
The Fairport Convention version was used as the closing music in the 2009 film "Don't Worry About Me". The Judy Collins version can be heard in the films "The Subject Was Roses" and "A Walk on the Moon". The Nina Simone version is used in the 2002 film "The Dancer Upstairs".
In the 2011 Broadway production of "Jerusalem"," by Jez Butterworth, the song is played in its entirety towards the end of the final act. A young girl puts an LP record on a turntable and the song plays as Mark Rylance's character, Johnny Byron, dances with her and is then brutally beaten by the girl's stepfather and his brothers. The version used is the live recording from BBC Radio "Sounds of the Seventies", recorded September 11, 1973. The actress, Lucy Hale, sings it in an episode of the TV show "Pretty Little Liars". The song was played in the BBC's "Inspector George Gently" episode "The Lost Child" set in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2919490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919490" title="Myotragus">
Myotragus

Myotragus balearicus (Greek-derived Neo-Latin: μῦς and τράγος and Βαλεαρίδες "Balearian mouse-goat"), also known as the Balearic Islands cave goat, a species of the subfamily Caprinae which lived on the islands of Majorca and Minorca until its extinction around 5,000 years ago. This animal was previously described as an 'odd goat,' but since the genetic analyses done at the University of Pompeu Fabra of Barcelona, it seems that "Myotragus" was more closely related to sheep than to goats.
Description.
Its eyes were not directed towards the sides, as are those of nearly all the herbivorous mammals, but towards the front, granting them stereoscopic vision. The lower jaw contained two perennial-growth incisors in the lower jaw, like rodents and lagomorphs, but not other ungulates. The lower jaw usually lacked other incisors, though some jaws have been found with vestigial second incisors. The upper jaw lacked incisors. The rest of its teeth were molars and premolars adapted to the crushing of vegetal matter. The nose was short in comparison with the rest of the skull, similar to the noses of rabbits and hares. Finally, both sexes had at the top of the head two very short horns. It is possible these horns were longer, having short bone-bases and long horn-covers, but no complete horns have been found.
"Myotragus balearicus" was quite small in size (standing about 50 centimetres high at the shoulder) and weighed between 50 and 70 kilograms. The legs were proportionately shorter than those of other related and less flexible bovids, which did not make "Myotragus balearicus" exceptionally fast. This was not a serious problem because on the islands there were no predators except for some birds of prey, from which they probably hid in the vegetation. On the shoulders they had a pronounced hump, while the back was bent in the hindquarters. The legs, like many from the order Artiodactyla, had four fingers of which only two were used to walk. The tail was rather long in comparison to the rest of the body.
The bone histology of "Myotragus" shows lamellar-zonal tissue throughout the cortex, a feature peculiar to ectothermic reptiles. The growth of bones in "Myotragus" is unlike any other mammal and similar to crocodilians in showing slow and adaptive rates, intermittently ceasing growth altogether, and reaching somatic maturity by about 12 years. This pattern of growth indicates that "Myotragus", in the same way as extant reptiles, adapted its metabolism to changing food and water availability, and ambient temperatures.
Feeding.
The fossil remains of "Myotragus balearicus" seem to indicate that this animal was a browser, like the present goats. It fed on all kinds of shrub vegetation and low branches of the trees of the Mediterranean climate, although it had a special predilection to endemic Balearic shrubs. The fossil record of Majorca and Minorca, as well as the absence of grazing animals, seem to indicate that the primitive Balearic Islands were covered by forests before human colonisation and that herbaceous grassland of appreciable size did not exist. In this habitat, "Myotragus" would move about in solitude or in small groups.
Reproduction.
Not much is known about the reproductive habits of this species. In 1999 the skeleton of a newly born individual was found near Manacor in the northeast of Majorca. It was found that a "Myotragus" newborn was quite large in proportion to the size of the mother, and probably it could walk and follow its progenitor around soon after being born. It seems that it did not take a long time maturing, perhaps only a year or two.
The fact that the species conserved the horns is a possible indication that the males used them to fight for their right to reproduce, but the lack of sexual dimorphism invites one to think this species was not polygamous or, at least, the males did not build "harems." Given the ostensibly short length of its horns, in combat "Myotragus" had to punch more towards the flanks (as do many small antelope) than to fight head to head (more typical of larger ungulates).
The Mediterranean climate is seasonal; thus, it is thought that "Myotragus" had an annual mating season, but it is not known in what part of the year this occurred. It is thought that the seasonal differences, especially in rainfall, were somewhat less pronounced during the animal's existence than they are today, and that the period of gestation cannot be deduced with certainty.
Origins.
The unique characterisitics of "Myotragus balearicus" are a consequence of a prolonged process of evolution on the islands (a clear example of island dwarfing). In this type of isolation, the ungulates tend to become smaller while rodents and lagomorphs increase their size, as happened to the "Hypnomys", the giant dormouse that shared a habitat with "Myotragus". Such species also tend to lose their fear reaction towards predators if none occur on the islands. A clear example of this is the loss of the capacity to run at high speed, the development of stereoscopic vision (which is useful to calculate distances, but not so to watch for predators) and the proportional reduction of the brain, something which has also been observed in the "Homo floresiensis", a newly discovered dwarf-like human species on the island of Flores, Indonesia.
The analyses of DNA and the oldest fossils (Pliocene 5.7 million years ago) of the island of Majorca ("Myotragus pepgonellae") indicate that "Myotragus balearicus", in spite of being a browsing animal, descended originally from grazers. The closest related species to "Myotragus" are ovine, such as the extinct "Nesogoral" of the Plio-Pleistocene of Sardinia, the old "Gallogoral" of France (possible mainland ancestor of both "Myotragus" and "Nesogoral"), "Ovis" (present sheep and mouflon) and the mountain goats of Central Asia. The last ancestor common to "Myotragus" and "Nesogoral" arrived at Majorca and Sardinia around 6 million years ago, a time at which the Straits of Gibraltar were closed and the Mediterranean Sea was a small collection of salty lakes. Later on, the opening of the straits and the massive salt water inflow isolated the animal populations, which diversified in the new Mediterranean islands created by tectonic forces. At the same time, climatic change replaced the vegetation of subtropical type with the present one of Mediterranean type, forcing "Myotragus" to develop drastic changes in its feeding and set of teeth.
Strangely, "Myotragus" initially only colonized the island of Majorca. On Ibiza a strange ecosystem without terrestrial mammals developed in which birds and bats were the main vertebrates, while in Minorca a giant rabbit evolved that covered the same niche as "Myotragus" in Majorca. With the level of the sea falling in the glacial era, Majorca and Minorca were united and "Myotragus" replaced the great Minorcan lagomorphs. Both islands separated again at the beginning of the Holocene.
Extinction.
Diverse datings indicate that the three native terrestrial mammals of Majorca ("Myotragus", "Hypnomys" and the giant shrew "Nesiosites") disappeared all in the same very short period of time, during the third millennium BC.
During years of continued discussion between scientists, some said the extinction was caused by climate change, while others maintained they were exterminated by the first human settlers of the Balearic Islands. Various evidence could support both opinions; as a result, this question is still not answered unequivocally.
The dominant theory is the one that postulates an extinction by human causes. Traditional methods had dated the first human colonization of the Balearic Islands towards 5000 BC or even before, but subsequent tests with modern methods of dating clearly indicate that there was no human presence before 3000 BC. This date agrees very closely with the fast decline of the three forms.
The first Balearic settlers had a Neolithic culture, although they continued living in caves, which are plentiful on the islands. In these have been found numerous animal bones, especially those of "Myotragus", with evidence of carving and denting by humans. Most surprising is that not all "Myotragus" arrived dead at the caves, but seem to have been kept alive for some time there. Many had their horns trimmed, which healed later. This may mean that their captors were attempting to domesticate them. Domestication ultimately did not succeed, probably because "Myotragus" would not reproduce in captivity or not at a suitable speed, as only remains of adult individuals have been found.
Human hunting, the failure of domestication, the introduction of domestic animals like goats (that competed with "Myotragus" for the same food), cows, pigs and sheep (and consequently, the destruction of the forests to create places for them to pasture) and dogs (which could have preyed on "Myotragus") were the probable causes for the extinction of this animal.
Discovery.
"Myotragus balearicus" was first excavated and identified in Majorca in 1909 by the archaeozoologist Dorothea Bate.

</doc>
<doc id="2919491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919491" title="Blood in stool">
Blood in stool

In medicine, when referring to human feces, blood in stool looks different depending on (1) how early it enters the intestines (and thus how much digestive action it has been exposed to) and on (2) how much there is (a little bit, more than a little, or a lot). This is why bright red blood in the stool has different clinical significance (and a different name) than brown or black blood in the stool. Thus the term can refer either to melena, with more blackish appearance, originating from upper gastrointestinal bleeding, or to hematochezia, with more red color, originating from lower gastrointestinal bleeding. The term "blood in stool" is usually not used to describe fecal occult blood, which refers to blood that is not visible and thus is found only after chemical testing is performed.
In infants, the Apt test can be used to distinguish fetal hemoglobin from maternal blood.
List of causes of blood in the stool.
Common causes of blood in the stool include:

</doc>
<doc id="2919507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919507" title="Spahbed">
Spahbed

Spāhbed (; early form spāhpat) is a Middle Persian title meaning "army chief" used chiefly in the Sassanid Empire. Originally there was a single "spāhbed", called the "Ērān-spāhbed", who functioned as the generalissimo of the Sassanid army. From the time of Khosrau I (r. 531–579) on, the office was split in four, with a "spāhbed" for each of the cardinal directions. After the Muslim conquest of Persia, the "spāhbed" of the East managed to retain his authority over the inaccessible mountainous region of Tabaristan on the southern shore of the Caspian Sea, where the title, often in its Islamic form ispahbadh (; Arabic form "işbahbadh"), survived as a regnal title until the Mongol conquests of the 13th century. 
The title was also adopted by the Armenians ("") and the Georgians ("spaspeti"), as well as Khotan ("spāta") and the Sogdians ("spʾdpt") in Central Asia. It is also attested in Greek sources as "aspabedēs" (). 
The title was revived in the 20th century by the Pahlavi dynasty, in the Modern Persian form sepahbod (), equivalent to a three-star Lieutenant General, ranking below "arteshbod" (full General). An equivalent title, "ispāhsālār", gained great currency across the Muslim world in the 10th–15th centuries.
Use in pre-Islamic Persia.
The title is attested in the Achaemenid Empire in its Old Persian form, "spādhapati" (from *"spādha-" "army" and *"pati-" "chief"), signifying the army's commander-in-chief. The title () continued in use under the Arsacid Parthian Empire, where it seems to have been a hereditary position in one of the seven great houses of the Parthian nobility.
The Sassanid Empire, which succeeded the Arsacids, retained the title, which is attested in a series of inscriptions from the 3rd century. Until the early 6th century, there was a single holder of the title, the "Ērān-spāhbed", who according to the list of precedence provided by the 9th-century Arab historian Ya'qubi occupied the fifth position in the court hierarchy. 
The Byzantine and Syriac sources record a number of senior officers who might be holders of the rank in the early 6th century. Thus during the Anastasian War of 502–506, a certain Boes, who negotiated with the Byzantine "magister officiorum" Celer and died in 505, is named in the Syriac sources as an "astabid". His unnamed successor in the negotiations also bore this title. Although this has been interpreted by some modern scholars as a new office, that of "astabed", it is likely that this is simply a corrupted form of "spāhbed", since the Greek sources give the name of the second man as Aspebedus or Aspetius. Again, during the Iberian War (526–532), a man named Bawi, according to the historian Procopius a maternal uncle of Khosrau I (r. 531–579), appears. In 527 he took part in negotiations with Byzantine envoys, and in 531 he led an invasion of Mesopotamia along with Chanaranges and Mermeroes. He was executed by Khosrau shortly after his accession for plotting with other nobles to overthrow him in favour of his brother Jamasp.
Khosrau I's reform.
To curb the power of the over-mighty generalissimo, Khosrau I—although this reform may already have been planned by his father, Kavadh I (r. 499–531)—split the office of the "Ērān-spāhbed" into four regional commands, corresponding to the four traditional cardinal directions ("kust", cf. "Šahrestānīhā ī Ērānšahr"): the "army chief of the East (Khurasan)" ("kust ī khwarāsān spāhbed"), the "army chief of the South" ("kust ī nēmrōz spāhbed"), the "army chief of the West" ("kust ī khwarbārān spāhbed"), and the "army chief of Azerbaijan" ("kust ī Ādurbādagān spāhbed", where the northwestern province of Azerbaijan substitutes the term "north" because of its negative connotations). As this reform was mentioned only in later literary sources, the historicity of this division, or its survival after Khosrau I's reign, was questioned in the past, but a series of thirteen recently discovered seals, which provide the names of eight "spāhbed"s, provide contemporary evidence from the reigns of Khosrau I and his successor, Hormizd IV (r. 579–590); P. Pourshariati suggests that two may date to the reign of Khosrau II (r. 590–628). The eight known "spāhbed"s are:
Other holders of the rank are difficult to identify from the literary sources, since the office of "spāhbed" was held in tandem with other offices and titles, such as "Shahrwarāz" ("Boar of the Empire"), which are often treated as personal names. A further factor of confusion in later literary sources is the interchangeable use of the rank with the junior provincial ranks of "marzbān" ("frontier-warden, margrave") and "pāygōsbān" ("district guardian").
Islamic period.
Tabaristan.
During the Muslim conquest of Persia, the "spahbed" of Khurasan apparently retired to the mountains of Tabaristan. There he invited the last Sassanid shah, Yazdgerd III, to find refuge, but Yazdgerd refused, and was killed in 651. Like many other local rulers throughout the former Sassanid domains, including those of the neighbouring provinces of Gurgan and Gilan, the "spahbed" then made terms with the Arabs, which allowed him to remain as the practically independent ruler of Tabaristan in exchange for an annual tribute. This marked the foundation of the Dabuyid dynasty, which ruled Tabaristan until 759–761, when it was conquered by the Abbasids and incorporated into the Caliphate as a province. The early rulers of the dynasty are ill attested; they minted coins of their own with Pahlavi legends and a dating system starting from the Sassanid dynasty's fall in 651, and claimed the titles "Gīlgīlan", "Padashwargarshah" ("Shah of Patashwargar", the old name of Tabaristan's mountains), and "ispahbadh" (a New Persian form of "spahbed") of Khurasan.
The title "ispahbadh" was also claimed by other lines of local rulers in the region, who claimed distant descent from the Sassanid past: the Karen family, who saw themselves as heirs of the Dabuyids and ruled central and western Tabaristan until 839/840, and the Bavandid dynasty in the eastern mountains, whose various branches survived until well after the Mongol conquests of the 13th century. The title was also used by the Daylamites neighbouring Tabaristan. In some later texts from this region, the title came to signify simply a local chieftain.
Central Asia.
In Khurasan, the title survived in usage among the local Soghdian princes. The "ispahbadh" of Balkh is mentioned in 709, al-Ishkand, the "ispahbadh" of Nasa in 737, and the same title is used in connection with the king of Kabul in the early 9th century. In the 1090s, it appears as the personal name of a Seljuk commander, Isfabadh ibn Sawtigin, who seized control of Mecca for a while.
In Armenia.
The Kingdom of Armenia, which was ruled by a branch of the Parthian Arsacid dynasty, adopted the term first in its Old Persian form, giving Armenian "" and then again, under Sassanid influence, from the Middle Persian form, giving the form "aspahapet". The title was used, as in Persia, for the commander-in-chief of the royal army, and was borne in hereditary right by the Mamikonian family. 

</doc>
<doc id="2919515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919515" title="Criminal intelligence">
Criminal intelligence

Criminal Intelligence is information compiled, analyzed, and/or disseminated in an effort to anticipate, prevent, or monitor criminal activity.
The United States Army Military Police defines criminal intelligence in more detail; criminal intelligence is information gathered or collated, analyzed, recorded/reported and disseminated by law enforcement agencies concerning types of crime, identified criminals and known or suspected criminal groups.
It is particularly useful when dealing with organized crime. Criminal intelligence is developed by using surveillance, informants, interrogation, and research, or may be just picked up on the "street" by individual police officers.
Some larger law enforcement agencies have a department, division or section specifically designed to gather disparate pieces of information and develop criminal intelligence. One of the most effective ways of applying criminal intelligence is first to record it (store in a computer system) which can be "mined" (searched) for specific information.
US Army usage.
Criminal intelligence: " CRIMINT is the result of the collection, analysis, and interpretation of all available information concerning known and potential criminal threats and vulnerabilities of supported organizations. Army law enforcement agencies are the primary liaison representatives of the Army to federal, state, local, and host nation (HN) agencies for exchanging police intelligence. They collect criminal intelligence ("CRIMINT") and human intelligence (HUMINT) within the provisions of applicable statutes and regulations. Army law enforcement agencies have the capability to analyze and disseminate collected time-sensitive information concerning a criminal threat against Army interests. The value of such intelligence cannot be overemphasized; it not only serves the purpose of police investigations, it also contributes to the development of countermeasures to safeguard Army personnel, materials, information, and other resources. " (1)
CRIMINT Process.
The CRIMINT process is effective intelligence results from a series of interrelated activities. The intelligence process is a continuous process of collecting and converting data into intelligence products to be integrated into operations. The process consists of several phases with continuous evaluation and feedback at each phase and at the end of the process. With the minor modification of adding “reporting” to the second phase, the following text outlines the intelligence process as discussed in "Army Regulation (AR) 525-13.
"(1),(2) " FM 3-19.13 LAW ENFORCEMENT INVESTIGATIONS ""
Criminal intelligence analysis.
"Criminal intelligence analysis "has been recognized by law enforcement as a useful support tool for over twenty-five years and is successfully used within the international community. International organizations, such as the International Police (INTERPOL), European Police (EUROPOL) and the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), and while there are many definitions of Criminal Intelligence Analysis in use throughout the world, the one definition agreed in June 1992 by an international group of twelve European INTERPOL member countries and subsequently adopted by other countries is as follows:
"The identification of and provision of insight into the relationship between crime data and other potentially relevant data with a view to police and judicial practice."
As such, criminal intelligence is a more intense or specific application towards investigations than criminology.

</doc>
<doc id="2919519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919519" title="Anti-Terrorism Act 2005">
Anti-Terrorism Act 2005

The Anti-Terrorism Act 2005 is legislation intended to hamper the activities of any potential terrorists in Australia. It was passed by the Commonwealth Parliament on 6 December 2005.
Chronology.
The bill was prepared by the Liberal-National Coalition government in the wake of a series of terrorist attacks overseas, in particular London, with the stated intent of preventing such events from happening in Australia.
Due to the division of powers in Australia's constitution, the bill needed the support of the states. An outline of the bill was given in-principle support by the State Premiers.
Prior to its reading in federal parliament, a confidential draft of the legislation was published online by ACT Chief Minister Jon Stanhope, who stated "Law of this significance made in this haste can't be good law". The Opposition and minor parties expressed concern that a Senate inquiry would not be given enough time to consider the new laws. Prime Minister John Howard rejected the concern and criticised Stanhope, saying that "the premiers and the other chief minister did not deserve to be hijacked in relation to their ability to participate in consultation." The public exposure saw elements of the bill, including a 'shoot to kill' clause, criticised as excessive. Victorian Premier Steve Bracks noted the 'shoot to kill' clause had not been discussed at the Council of Australian Governments meeting where the draft laws were forged. Community concern arose that Muslims would be unfairly targeted by the new law.
The Australian government planned for the bill to be introduced, debated and passed on 1 November 2005 (Melbourne Cup race day). The Labor Opposition and the minor parties decried the paucity of time allowed for debate. The Prime Minister agreed to allow more time on the proviso that the bill be passed before Christmas 2005.
The bill became law on 6 December 2005. Measures for greater protection of free speech and greater scrutiny of the law's application, proposed at different stages by individual government members and Labor, were not accommodated. Labor voted to support the bill. The Greens and Australian Democrat senators voted against.
Constitutional issues.
The first three "chapters" of the Australian Constitution separate power between the executive, legislative and judicial arms of government. This "separation of powers" doctrine has been interpreted by the High Court in "Lim v Minister for Immigration" (1992) 176 CLR 1 as granting an immunity for Australian Citizens from involuntary detention by the Government except as a consequence of a finding of criminal guilt before a court. There are some exceptions, such as the detention of a person following their arrest and before they are brought before a court, or whilst on remand awaiting trial where bail is refused. The Federal Government appears to have interpreted as Constitutional periodic detention for up to 48 hours and co-operated with State governments (which do not have the same entrenched separation of powers doctrine) to allow for detention up to 14 days. The Federal government also introduced "control orders" which allow for a range of restrictions to be placed on an individual (who has not been charged, let alone found guilty of any criminal offence) including subjecting that person to 12 months house arrest. Notwithstanding this, both state and federal preventative detention and federal control orders may still be open to a Constitutional challenge, as these laws are unconstitutional, and go against your rights as an Australian citizen.
Former Queensland Premier Peter Beattie announced that he has received advice that the blurring of boundaries between the executive and judicial powers is likely to be unconstitutional. This assertion was rejected by the then Prime Minister, John Howard: "Lawyers often have different opinions as to what the law means.". Former federal Treasurer Peter Costello has adopted a more cautious attitude, stating that "you never really know" the answer to the vexed question of constitutionality "until such time as the courts decide on these things".(SMH, 27 October 2005) According to spokespeople for the then Prime Minister, his and the Treasurer's views were compatible, but some media outlets, including the Sydney Morning Herald, insinuated otherwise.
Deficiencies in the existing law.
Attorney General Philip Ruddock said that the new laws are needed, on advice from the Australian Federal Police that existing laws would not protect Australians from London-style terrorist attacks.
The "Shoot to Kill" Clause.
The "Shoot to kill" clause instructs police to treat people wanted under detention orders in the same way that an equivalent clause in the current law treats wanted suspects.
The clause in particular has raised the concern of some state premiers, the so-called "Shoot to kill" clause, where police may use lethal force if they perceive a threat to life. The clause was not put to the premiers in the original discussions between the States and Federal Governments.
Law Council of Australia president John North, suggested that such powers were designed to protect police in the event of a mistaken fatal shooting such as that of Jean Charles de Menezes.
John Howard has declared that the whole issue is a "misnomer, a furphy, a diversion," but has suggested that changes to the clause are possible.
The "Reckless Funding" Clause.
As a result of the Anti-Terrorism Act 2005, Division 103 of the Criminal Code makes it an offence to provide funds to a person who may use those funds to facilitate or engage in a terrorist act. These funds must be intentionally made available to another person (e.g., a donation or cash transfer). The definition of funds includes money and assets of any kind but does not include goods or services. The mental element for the crimes created under Division 103 is subjective recklessness. This means that the accused must know that there is a substantial risk of the funds being used for terrorism but still makes those funds available regardless of the risks involved in the matter.
Judicial oversight.
The published version of the Anti-Terrorism Bill has attracted the criticism that it does not respect the separation of powers and is thus unconstitutional. Prime Minister John Howard has declared, "Speaking for the Commonwealth, and based on the advice I have received from the Crown law authorities at a Commonwealth level, these laws are quite constitutional." John North, President of the Law Council of Australia, said "The power to make control orders is to be given to federal courts and is clearly non-judicial. Judicial power requires a fair procedure, including notice of the proceedings and disclosure of the basis upon which orders are sought and made. None of this occurs in relation to control orders." Similar concerns were raised by the Queensland and Western Australian Premiers and NSW Premier Morris Iemma.
External links.
The legislation, proposed and current:
Popular press response:
Other commentary:

</doc>
<doc id="2919523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919523" title="Robert Myers (physicist)">
Robert Myers (physicist)

Robert Myers is a theoretical physicist. Myers is a professor of physics at the University of Waterloo and at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics. His research concerns string theory and quantum gravity.
The Myers-Perry metric describes the higher-dimensional generalization of the Kerr metric.
Robert Myers currently resides with his wife and three daughters in Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2919524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919524" title="Michel Berger">
Michel Berger

Michel Berger (28 November 1947 – 2 August 1992), born Michel Jean Hamburger, was a very successful French singer and songwriter. He was a central figure of France's pop music scene for two decades both as a singer and as a songwriter for well-known French artists like his wife France Gall, Françoise Hardy and Johnny Hallyday.
He died of a heart attack at the age of 44.
Biography.
Berger was born as Michel Jean Hamburger on 28 November 1947 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, the son of the famous doctor Jean Hamburger and concert pianist Annette Haas.
Berger first became known to the French public in the 1960s as singer of hit song "Salut les copains", after which he became record producer and songwriter for EMI and where he wrote amongst others "Les Girafes" for Bourvil in 1967. In the early 1970s, he moved to Warner Music where he produced the early albums of Véronique Sanson, and "Allah" once again in 1989. In 1973, he was responsible for producing the album "Message personnel", the title track of which relaunched Françoise Hardy's career. He also produced the single "Je suis moi" for Hardy.
Berger started writing for France Gall in 1974, produced all her albums from 1975 on, and married her on 22 June 1976.
In 1978, he composed the musical: "Starmania", with lyrics by Luc Plamondon. The musical starred France Gall, Claude Dubois, Daniel Balavoine, Diane Dufresne, Nanette Workman, Éric Estève and Fabienne Thibeault. It was a big success in France in the 1980s and 1990s. An English version, entitled "Tycoon", was released in 1991 with lyrics by Tim Rice, but it did not achieve the success the original version had in France.
Unfortunately, the two musicals Berger worked on immediately after "Starmania" did not fare well. In 1980, Berger partnered with producer Jérôme Savary and lyricist Luc Plamondon to produce the musical "La Légende de Jimmy", inspired by the life of James Dean. However, this bombed. Berger's next musical project, "Dreams in Stone", was conceived as an American musical, co-arranged with Michel Bernholc, and recorded in the United States, with lead vocals by singers Rosanne Cash, Bill Champlin, Lynn Carey, Jennifer Warnes, and Bill Withers among others. Though the show itself never saw the light of day, the album was nevertheless released in 1982. The album was a complete flop, and is not generally known outside of a few fansites.
In 1985, Berger produced Johnny Hallyday's album "Rock 'n' Roll Attitude", as well as the show for his related tour.
In 1987, Berger produced France Gall's album "Babacar", as well as the show for her related tour. Opening at Le Zénith, and then continuing throughout Europe, the successful show gave rise to France Gall's live album "Le Tour de France '88".
Berger also scored several film projects over the years, which included "Mektoub", a 1970 film by Algerian Director Ali Ghalem, Robert Benayoun's "Sérieux comme le plaisir" in 1975, Jean-Paul Rappeneau's "Tout feu, tout flamme" in 1982 and "Rive droite, rive gauche" the 1984 film by Philippe Labro. He is also known for his Orangina advertisement jingle.
Berger was one of a handful of French artists who participated readily and actively in humanitarian acts: in 1985, he worked exclusively for "Action Écoles" alongside France Gall, Richard Berry and Daniel Balavoine, then later for Ethiopia with Renaud ("Chanteurs Sans Frontières") and for Les Restos du cœur with comedian Coluche.
Death.
On 2 August 1992, a few weeks after the release of his first album of duets with France Gall, Michel Berger suffered a fatal heart attack after a tennis match at Ramatuelle. His untimely death came as a shock to many people because he had been one of the most popular French singer-songwriters of the 1970s and 1980s. Moreover, unlike many pop stars, he came across as a nice and simple man, more interested in music and family life than in rock & roll excesses. As a matter of fact, his marriage with France Gall was remarkably stable. He is buried in Paris close in the cemetery of Montmartre with his daughter Pauline who died in 1997 aged only 19.
Discography.
Singles.
For comprehensive list, see lescharts.com website

</doc>
<doc id="2919530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919530" title="Chronic liver disease">
Chronic liver disease

Chronic liver disease in the clinical context is a disease process of the liver that involves a process of progressive destruction and regeneration of the liver parenchyma leading to fibrosis and cirrhosis.
Causes.
The list of conditions "associated" with chronic liver disease is extensive and can be categorised in the following way: 
Viral causes
Toxic and drugs
Metabolic
Autoimmune
Other
Signs associated with the diagnosis.
Signs of Chronic Liver Disease can be divided into those that are associated with the diagnosis of chronic liver disease, associated with decompensation and associated with the aetiology.
It may be noted here that the Chronic Liver Disease takes several years to develop.
Testing for chronic liver disease involves blood tests, x rays and a biopsy of the liver. The liver biopsy is a simple procedure done with a fine thin needle under local anesthesia. The tissue sample is sent to a laboratory where it is examined underneath a microscope 
Signs associated with the aetiology.
Note that "other diseases can involve the liver" and even cause hepatomegaly but would not be considered part of the spectrum of chronic liver disease. Some examples of this would include chronic cancers with liver metastases, infiltrative haematological disorders such as chronic lymphoproliferative conditions, chronic myeloid leukaemias, myelofibrosis and metabolic abnormalities such as Gaucher's and Glycogen Storage Diseases.
Treatment.
The treatment of chronic liver disease depends on the cause. While some conditions may be treated with medications, others may require surgery or a transplant. Transplant is required when the liver fails and there is no other alternative.
Alternative Care.
Because many chronic liver disorders have no cure, many people have been turning to alternative health care. Herbal supplements are widely used by many people with chronic liver disease . None of these herbs have ever been tested in randomized clinical trials and no one knows whether they work. So if you decide to use herbs for your chronic liver disease, read about the herb, know your disorder and talk to your physician. Some common herbs known to be potentially harmful in liver disease include black cohosh, ma huang, chaparral, comfrey, germander, greater celandine, kava, mistletoe, pennyroyal, skull cap and valerian. With liver disease, you only get one chance at life and that balance can easily be overturned by a toxic herb.
Prevention.
Some chronic liver diseases cannot be prevented but one can reduce the risk by adopting the following measures:

</doc>
<doc id="2919536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919536" title="Blackboy Hill, Western Australia">
Blackboy Hill, Western Australia

Blackboy Hill, was named after the Xanthorrhoea preissii, which dominated the site and is now absorbed into Greenmount, Western Australia. Originally comprising a military camp, the facilities and adjacent structures were on the hill that is now utilised by St Anthony's Primary School and Church, and Greenmount Primary School. The remaining land that has been left as a memorial to the troops who left the training camp is known as the Blackboy Hill Commemorative Site on official documents and maps, but local signage usage tends to refer to the location simply as "Blackboy Hill".
First World War.
During the troop build up for the First World War, the site was a military training camp used to house large numbers of Australian Imperial Force (AIF) troops before they left for the various battlefront locations in Europe and the Middle East. Facilities were moved from other parts of the metropolitan area to improve facilities which were quite basic.
Troops were transported to the adjacent Helena Vale Railway station and marched across to the camp, so as to not interfere with the working of the Eastern Railway. 
Blackboy Hill Post Office opened on 29 August 1914 and closed on 30 November 1918, defining the period of occupation of the site. An office of the same name was opened from 1929 until 1932, when it was renamed Greenmount Hill. 
Around April 1919, following the end of hostilities, the Imperial forces camp was turned over to the Health department to act as a fever hospital, treating Spanish Flu.
In the 1930s unemployed relief workers utilised the camp area.
During the Second World War, the site was also used extensively by the 2nd AIF and other Australian military forces.
Railway Station.
Blackboy Hill was a named railway stopping place between Bellevue and Swan View between the 1940s and 1960s.
Blackboy Hill Commemorative Site.
The commemorative site is a small 0.5 hectare site on the southern edge of the former camp site, adjacent to Innamincka Road, Greenmount Hill. It is bounded by a 1.5 hectare public park to separated it from the adjacent schools and residential area.
In recent times, the main annual event at this site are the Anzac Day commemorations, which centre on a memorial named after the location. The Anzac memorial is on a segment of ground that is between the two primary schools. It is maintained by the Mundaring Council, and has a committee that oversees management of the site. The sunset service and the dawn service – as well as an all-night vigil – are maintained by the Bilgoman District of the Scout Association of Western Australia and the Returned and Services League of Australia.
Most of the original larger site is now covered by housing development, but up until this began in the early 1990s, remnants of the army camp and many associated rubbish pits were visible.

</doc>
<doc id="2919541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919541" title="Toller Fratrum">
Toller Fratrum

Toller Fratrum is a very small village and civil parish in West Dorset, England, near Maiden Newton, anciently in Tollerford hundred.
The name is taken from the village's situation on the brook formerly known as the Toller, now called the Hooke. The addition "Fratrum" is the Latin for "brothers" and refers to the mediaeval ownership of the manor by the Knights Hospitallers, which distinguishes it from the other Tollers, namely Toller Porcorum and Toller Whelme. It is often referred to as "Little Toller".
The village has a notable 16th century farm house, "Little Toller Farm", built largely by John Samways, who acquired the estate in 1540 and later occupied by the Fulford family. The church of Saint Basil was rebuilt in the 19th century but possesses not only an unusual Norman font, carved with archaic figures, but also a relief of Saint Mary Magdalene of the same period.
Dorset County Council's latest (2012) estimate of the population of the parish is 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2919542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919542" title="Wild Cherries">
Wild Cherries

The Wild Cherries was an Australian rock group, which started in late 1964 playing R&B and became "the most relentlessly experimental psychedelic band on the Melbourne discotheque / dance scene" according to commentator, Glenn A. Baker.
The band had several personnel changes, the 1967 line-up featured Keith Barber on drums, Peter Eddey on bass guitar, founder Les Gilbert on keyboards, Lobby Loyde (ex-The Purple Hearts) on guitars, and Dan Robinson on vocals. The band released four singles for Festival Records, including "Krome Plated Yabby" in June 1967 and "That's Life" in November, which peaked into the "Go-Set" National Top 40. A compilation, "The Wild Cherries: That's Life" was released in 2007 by Half A Cow Records. Loyde went on to join Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs, then formed Lobby Loyde & the Coloured Balls and also had a solo career.
Early years: 1964–1966.
In 1964, Melbourne University's Architecture students, John Bastow on vocals, Rob Lovett on rhythm guitar and vocals, and Les Gilbert on bass guitar, formed The Wild Cherries. Although Gilbert had studied classical piano with noted pianist Leslie Miers at an early age, he initially played bass guitar. The Wild Cherries were named by word association: Chuck Berry – Buck Cherry – Black Cherries – Wild Cherries. Local bluesman Malcolm McGee on lead guitar and vocals, and Geoff Hales on drums soon joined. Their debut performance was at Melbourne's first discothèque, the Fat Black Pussycat, located in South Yarra. Drummer Kevin Murphy, who had been playing in a modern jazz trio, replaced Hales almost immediately.
The new line up made a crude recording of Manfred Mann's "Without You" in Gilbert's parents' living room before Lovett left in October 1965 to join The Loved Ones. Reduced to a quartet, they made three more crude recordings at a rehearsal at the Fat Black Pussycat, including a cover of John D. Loudermilk's "Tobacco Road". Early in 1966, Murphy left to travel to the UK and English-born drummer, Keith Barber joined. Soon after his arrival, the quartet recorded two further tracks: an original composition, “Get out of My Life” and a cover of Sonny Boy Williamson's “Bye Bye Bird” but no label was interested in picking up their songs for a single. By June 1966, the group had disbanded and McGee left to join Python Lee Jackson while Bastow returned to his studies.
Peak years: 1967–1969.
At the end of 1966, Barber and Gilbert reformed The Wild Cherries by recruiting singer Dan Robinson, who had previously played bass guitar in The Weird Mob, and added Peter Eddey on bass guitar, who was the founder and lead guitarist of The Weird Mob. Gilbert had switched to keyboards with a Hammond organ. After rehearsing for several months, former The Purple Hearts lead guitarist, Barry Lyde aka Lobby Loyde, from Brisbane, completed the second incarnation in January 1967.
The group immediately signed to Festival Records and in February travelled to Sydney to play a week-long engagement at Here disco in North Sydney filling in for the absent Jeff St John & The Id. The band then returned to Melbourne and started picking up local gigs, including an appearance at the Catcher on 4 March with The Clefs, The Mind Excursions and The Chelsea Set and playing a two-nighter at Sebastian’s on 8–9 March. The Wild Cherries returned to Sydney in April for an extended engagement at Here Disco and attracted rave reviews from the local press. While there, they laid down tracks for a debut single, including the Loyde penned "Krome Plated Yabby" and a cover of Otis Redding's "Fa-Fa-Fa" which was never completed.
"Krome Plated Yabby" failed to chart when it was released in June 1967. Undeterred, the group followed it up with Loyde’s "That's Life", which was released in November and became a minor hit in Melbourne, it peaked at #37 on the "Go-Set" National Top 40 in January 1968. By early 1968, Eddey had left to return to Sydney, and university, and John Phillips from The Running Jumping Standing Still joined on bass guitar.
The band's third single, released in April 1968, was "Gotta Stop Lying", which also failed to chart. For the group's final Festival single, Robinson and Loyde collaborated on the sublime "I Don't Care", which took the "wall of sound" approach, complete with echo effects, orchestration and female backing vocals. The Wild Cherries' crowning achievement on a creative level, it was another chart failure and the group underwent a mass exodus with founding member Les Gilbert first to leave in September 1968. Soon afterwards, Barber, Phillips and Robinson departed and Loyde retained the band’s name. Rock historian, Ian McFarlane described their four singles for Festival as "exciting, revolutionary excursions into a musical void with no concessions to commercial demands [...] all remain classic examples of hard guitar psychedelia."
Loyde recruited Brisbane's Matt Taylor on vocals and harmonica from The Bay City Union and three musicians from another Brisbane group, Thursday’s Children: Barry Harvey on drums, Steve Pristash on bass guitar and Barry Sullivan on rhythm guitar. The new version of The Wild Cherries performed in October 1968 but Loyde left within a month to join Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs. Brian Wilson joined on vocals to replace Taylor who left in November (eventually he joined Chain in 1970), Tim Piper joined The Wild Cherries on lead guitar in December 1968. The Wild Cherries disbanded in April 1969 without recording any further material. Harvey, Piper and Sullivan joined Chain in late 1969.
Later years: 1971–1972.
Loyde resurrected the name in 1971 as a three-piece hard rock outfit with Johnny Dick on drums and Teddy Toi on bass guitar (both ex-Max Merritt & the Meteors, Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs, Fanny Adams). The new line-up of The Wild Cherries issued one single on the Havoc label, "I am the Sea (Stop Killing Me)" in November 1971. Raven Records included "I am the Sea (Stop Killing Me)" on the compilation "Golden Miles: Australian Progressive Rock 1969–1974" released in 1994. The band appeared at the inaugural Sunbury Pop Festival in January 1972, but disbanded a month later.
After disbanding.
Loyde formed Lobby Loyde & the Coloured Balls in March 1972, while Dick and Toi later re-joined Billy Thorpe and the Aztecs. Loyde then established a solo career in the 1970s and was briefly a member of Rose Tattoo. Loyde died on 21 April 2007.
Gilbert dropped out of the music scene but in 1975 returned to university to study music, majoring in composition. He currently runs the company Magian Design Studio with his partner Gillian Chaplin and creates sound and multimedia installations. 
Barber joined New Zealand band, The La De Das and they travelled to the UK in April 1969 where they recorded a cover of The Beatles' "Come Together" for Parlophone Records. He stayed with the group until the mid-1970s. He died of cancer in May 2005. 
Dan Robinson replaced Malcolm McGee in The Virgil Brothers and also travelled to the UK where the trio recorded a cover of The Knight Brothers' "Temptation’s About To Get Me". He subsequently returned to Australia and later worked with the bands, Duck, Hit and Run, Champions and Rite on the Nite. 
Barber, Loyde and Robinson reunited The Wild Cherries for Australia Day 2002, together with bass player Gavin Carroll and keyboard player John O’Brien, they performed The Wild Cherries’ four Festival singles at the Corner Hotel in Richmond, Victoria. It was the first time that all of the band’s recordings had been performed live and the first time that some of the tracks had been given a public airing. Half A Cow Records released a compilation album, "The Wild Cherries: That's Life" in 2007 shortly before Loyde's death.
Kevin Murphy after leaving the band travelled to the UK, where he played with the Graham Bond Organization, returning to Australia in 1967. He also played with the Virgil Brothers in 1967, Doug Parkinson (1968), Rush (1969) and Billy Thorpe and the Aztecs during 1970-71. He died in 1994, aged about 48 years. He should not be confused with another drummer of the same name associated with Tina Arena, Tommy Emmanuel and Peter Cupples.

</doc>
<doc id="2919553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919553" title="Towrang, New South Wales">
Towrang, New South Wales

Towrang is a village in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia, in Goulburn Mulwaree Council. It is approximately before Goulburn on the Hume Highway south from Sydney. At the 2006 census, Towrang and the surrounding area had a population of 406.
History.
The town was established in the 19th century, early in the European settlement of New South Wales. The area was once a large producer of fruit for the Sydney market. The railway station opened in 1869 and was one of the busiest in the state. The station closed in 1974 and has since been removed, after Goulburn outgrew Towrang and fruit production declined.
A major stockade for chain-bound convicts and others involved in the construction of the Great South Road was located on the north side of the Hume Highway at Towrang Creek from around 1836 to 1842. The stockade was the major penal settlement in southern New South Wales and enforced harsh discipline. Around 250 convicts slept there on bare boards with a blanket each and 10 men to a cell. One of the floggers was later murdered. 
There is a rest area on the south side where a well-preserved bridge (possibly designed by the designer of impressive early bridges in New South Wales, David Lennox) and a culvert can be viewed. 
The stockade is on the north side of the Highway and used to be accessible by a stile, but this has been taken down to discourage people from stopping and using the daunting intersection with Towrang Road, especially for those turning right on to the Highway towards Goulburn. There are the remains of the powder magazine next to the Wollondilly River, three graves on the north bank of Towrang Creek, and the remains of a weir on Towrang Creek built for the stockade. Aboriginal stone tools have also been found on the banks of Towrang Creek, indicating that this was a route well-travelled long before Hamilton Hume came this way in 1818.
The Hume highway in this area has been recently upgraded from September 2007 - To improve safety at and in-between the 'seagull intersections' with Towrang and Carrick Roads under AusLink [http://www.albyschultz.com.au/news/default.asp?action=article&ID=657].

</doc>
<doc id="2919554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919554" title="Maverick (chocolate)">
Maverick (chocolate)

Maverick was a chocolate bar snack manufactured by Nestlé Rowntree and marketed in the UK.
The snack, which was similar to the Fuse bar sold by Nestlé Rowntree competitor Cadbury, was launched in 1997 and contained caramel, raisins and biscuit and toffee pieces covered in milk chocolate. The product was discontinued three years later.
The Maverick bars featured in the British comedy series The League of Gentlemen. In the sketch, "Pop" disowns his adult son because he failed to prevent a theft of nine Maverick bars from the newspaper booth he was watching.

</doc>
<doc id="2919558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919558" title="Cholangitis (disambiguation)">
Cholangitis (disambiguation)

Cholangitis is any inflammation of the biliary tree, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2919559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919559" title="AAA (band)">
AAA (band)

, a backronym for Attack All Around, is a 7-member Japanese pop group signed to the label Avex Trax which debuted in September 2005. The name has the meaning of challenging everything, and the group is marketed by their label as a "super performance unit".
The group was formed through Avex's auditions and originally consisted of five young men and three young women who had acted in commercials and had experience being back dancers for other Japanese stars, such as Ayumi Hamasaki and Ami Suzuki.
Members.
The information listed is according to their profiles, in official order.Uno：Urata：Hidaka：Atae：Sueyoshi：Ito：Goto：</ref>
History.
2005–2006: Early days and debut.
AAA was originally planned to be a six member group. Initially, it included the five male members Takahiro Nishijima, Naoya Urata, Shuta Sueyoshi, Shinjiro Atae, Mitsuhiro Hidaka, and Misako Uno as the only female member. Avex later decided to add two more female members, Yukari Goto then Chiaki Ito. All eight entered the agency through auditions and underwent training in the Avex Artist Academy, the record label's talent training facility. As the songs "Blood on Fire" and "Friday Party" were prepared before their debut for six members, the two girls are only heard in the refrain.
In April 2005, Avex officially announced the debut of the group with seven members (excluding Ito), and oldest member Urata as the leader. AAA officially started their activities as a group in May. On 15 June, Ito was added to the group. AAA debuted on 14 September that year with "Blood on Fire" and were received well due to the song being used as the theme song of the live action "Initial-D" movie.
In their debut year, they received the "Best Newcomer Award" at the 47th Japan Record Awards. From September to December they released a single each month plus a photobook and their very first album, "Attack", in January 2006. With all the releases and promotional activities, the group did not have time to perform their songs live. However, as each of the singles tackled different genres, they did relatively well on the charts.
In June 2006, AAA's official fan club "AAA Party" opened its doors. Uno, the sole female lead singer, starred alongside Sarah Michelle Gellar in the Hollywood version of "The Grudge 2" which opened in theaters October 2006. After releasing mini album "All/2" on September 13, 2006, AAA released their second studio album "All" on January 1, 2007. With the exception of three new songs, the songs on "All" had been previously released as singles with music videos throughout 2006. The album's sales were a success although less than its predecessor "Attack".
2007–2009: Media mix and acting.
In 2007, AAA had another theme song tie-up with "Kamen Rider Den-O", "Climax Jump", which they released as a single under the temporary name "AAA Den-O Form". The single sold well and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for the shipment of 100,000 physical singles and 100,000 full-track ringtone music downloads each, making it their most successful single to date.
The group's members gradually started delving into acting jobs, giving them more mainstream exposure. Their 14th single "Kuchibiru Kara Romantica/That's Right" was tied-up with television drama serial "Delicious Gakuin", which starred members Nishijima and Atae.
On 11 June 2007, it was announced that Goto would be leaving the group permanently, citing her health problems and deciding to focus on recovery. With her departure, AAA became a septet. Shortly after, the group made their first venture overseas with an appearance at Otakon 2007 in Baltimore, Maryland. Urata and Ito appeared in a movie for the first time, "Heat Island" which opened in theaters 20 October 2007.
AAA scored their first Oricon weekly number one single in 2008 with "Mirage", and the group released their first compilation album "Attack All Around". They did not release an original studio album as a group for the year, but the five male members recorded a special mini-album, "Choice is Yours", and released it under the AAA name on 18 June. In October, the drama serial "Mirai Seiki Shakespeare" which was a modern retelling of Shakespeare plays, started its broadcast. All members of AAA played main characters in the drama. Nishijima also manifested an interest in acting during the year as he acted in multiple stage plays.
Nishijima received his first starring role in film, playing the lead character in "Love Exposure", which released in January 2009. His acting in the film was critically acclaimed, earning him the Sponichi Grand Prix New Face Award of the Year 2009 and was named Best New Male Actor at the 83rd Kinema Junpo Awards.
The group released their fourth album "DepArture" on 11 February 2009, and the album peaked at number four on the Oricon charts, the first time the group achieved a place within the top five for a studio album.
After a string of moderate hits throughout 2007-2008, AAA started a successful era in 2009 with their album "Heartful" and all of its preceding singles debuting in the top three. For the first time ever, they were able to guest on the popular music program Music Station, to perform "Hide Away". "Hide Away" also represented a new era of sorts for the group, as Ito started to sing more lines, joining Nishijima, Uno and Urata as lead singers.
2010-present: Larger success.
In 2010, AAA's double A-side 24th single "Aitai Riyū/Dream After Dream ~Yume Kara Sameta Yume~" topped the Oricon weekly charts in May 2010, becoming their second number one single on the charts. The single was hyped as the comeback work of composer Tetsuya Komuro, which helped in promoting the single.
Due to the popularity of "Aitai Riyū", they were invited to make their debut appearance on Kōhaku Uta Gassen that year, greatly heightening the group's exposure. In December, member Urata released his own single Dream On featuring his good friend and label mate Ayumi Hamasaki. The single reached number one on the Oricon charts, raising his own profile and that of the group.
With the exception of "Call/I4U", Komuro continued to work with AAA through to 31st single "Sailing". All of the songs on their sixth album "Buzz Communication" were composed by Komuro. In 2011, they released their second compilation album "#AAABEST" and it went on to become their best selling album at the time, as well as becoming their first number one album on the Oricon weekly charts. Starting from "Call/I4U", the group also gradually shifted away from the "lead singer" position and more equal singing opportunities were given to all members.
Their 32nd single "Still Love You" marked a departure from Komuro as they began to work with other composers again. On 22 August 2012, AAA released the album "777 -Triple Seven-", so titled to represent the seven members, their seventh album, and the group's seventh anniversary since debut. In October, AAA's brand new variety show titled "AAA no Kizuna Gasshuku" started airing on TV Asahi and YouTube. At the end of the year, AAA was invited to perform at Kōhaku Uta Gassen for the third year running.
In 2013, the group kicked off a new nationwide tour titled "AAA Tour 2013 Eighth Wonder" on 20 April. It is the largest scale tour the group has attempted to date, taking place at 41 venues with an estimated 150,000 fans attending. In May, it was reported that "AAA no Kizuna Gasshuku" which had ended, recorded over 10 million plays on YouTube, and the second season began airing. Furthermore in July, it was announced that there would be a third season of the show and AAA would be shooting the show abroad for the first time, in Singapore.
On 18 September, the group released their eighth album titled "Eighth Wonder". The album went on to become AAA's first original studio album to top the Oricon charts. The group's music video for "Koi Oto to Amazora" claimed top spot for most number of views in September on YouTube, for the Japanese music category. AAA closed out the year by performing the song at Kōhaku Uta Gassen.
On 14 January 2014, it was announced that AAA had been appointed the PR ambassadors for the fifteenth anniversary of anime "One Piece", and provided a new song titled "Wake up!" for its opening theme. On 17 May, the group began their first all-arena nationwide tour, "Gold Symphony", their biggest tour yet with an estimated attendance of 200,000 people. They also announced at the concert that they would release "Wake up!" as their 41st single on 2 July 2014.
Official symbols.
Member colors.
The members of AAA have representative colors assigned to them. They are orange for Nishijima, purple for Uno, green for Urata, yellow for Hidaka, blue for Atae, pink for Sueyoshi and red for Ito. Before Goto's departure, her member color was pink and Sueyoshi's was black.
Mascot.
The official mascot of AAA is called an "A~panda" and its image is of a panda with the letters "AAA" on its belly. It is colored in the official member colors. The mascot is frequently used in the group's tour goods, turned into soft toys, figures, straps and many other items for amusement. The A~panda life size mascot is often seen walking around at concert venues. In March 2013, a special pop-up concept store opened in Ura-Harajuku selling limited edition AAA goods, with the store styled to look like a room belonging to A~panda.
Logo.
AAA has a logo mark, frequently used on tour goods as well as their CD and DVD releases. The first edition of the logo mark was used from April 2005 until 20 October 2011, with "#AAABEST" being the last work to use the design. The second edition of the logo mark was introduced 21 October 2011 and is currently still in use. The first work to use the design was "Charge & Go!/Lights".
Discography.
DVDs.
Other DVDs.
1"AAA Party" fanclub exclusive release.
Appearances.
Lead appearances in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="2919571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919571" title="Chelsea Morning">
Chelsea Morning

"Chelsea Morning" is a song written by Joni Mitchell and introduced on the singer's 1969 album "Clouds". 
The song was inspired by Mitchell's room in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City. The inspiration for the first verse comes partly from the distinct décor of her apartment. While in Philadelphia, Mitchell and friends had made a mobile from shards of colored glass they had found in the street and wire coat hangers, which filtered the light coming into her room through the window and created the "rainbow on the wall". During coffeehouse performances of this song in the late 1960s, Mitchell explained that the famous stained glass was rescued from the salvaged windows of a demolished home for unwed mothers.
The lyrics of this song demonstrate Mitchell's talent with imagery, and her strong use of visual inspiration which come from her background in visual art. "The sun poured in like butterscotch and stuck to all my senses." Mitchell, in regards to "Chelsea Morning", in 1996 stated, "It was a very young and lovely time ... before I had a record deal. I think it's a very sweet song, but I don't think of it as part of my best work. To me, most of those early songs seem like the work of an ingenue."
"Chelsea Morning" was actually written before the release of Mitchell's 1968 debut album: "Song to a Seagull" but Mitchell held off recording the song until preparing her second album "Clouds", partly because "Chelsea Morning" had already been recorded by other artists, notably Judy Collins who'd recorded the song during the 1968 sessions for her album "Who Knows Where the Time Goes". "Chelsea Morning" did not make the track listing for the last-named album but Collins' version was given a July 1969 single release which was supported mainly by easy listening radio: the track reached #25 on "Billboard"'s Easy Listening chart with peripheral "Billboard" Hot 100 impact peaking there at #78. "Chelsea Morning" made a belated debut as a Judy Collins album track on the singer's 1971 album release "Living". Collins made a new recording of "Chelsea Morning" for her 1999 retrospective double-album release "Forever: an Anthology".
Other early versions of "Chelsea Morning" were recorded by British folk-rock group Fairport Convention on their eponymous debut album in June 1968, by Dave Van Ronk on the 1968 set Dave Van Ronk and the Hudson Dusters and by Jennifer Warnes on her 1968 debut album "I Can See Everything" (with artist credit simply by her first name: Jennifer); the latter version was released as a single in 1969.
In 1970, two versions of "Chelsea Morning" were ranked as Easy Listening hits in "Billboard": Green Lyte Sunday featuring Susan Darby - an outfit from Dayton OH - reached #29 Easy Listening with "Chelsea Morning" that August while in November 1970 Sérgio Mendes & Brasil '66 took their take on the song to #21 Easy Listening. Another notable version in 1970 is by Sylvia McNeill on RCA 1922 (UK 45rpm) produced by Jack Good.
Neil Diamond recorded "Chelsea Morning" for his 1971 album release "Stones".
Rebecca Luker recorded "Chelsea Morning" for her 2004 album "Leaving Home".
A Finnish rendering: "Kaupungin Aamu", was recorded by Anki for her 1972 album "Ennen Aurinkoa" while Kjell Hansson recorded the Swedish rendering "Skärgårdsmorgon" for his 1974 album "Dig".
The Joni Mitchell version of "Chelsea Morning" is included in the soundtrack of the 1985 feature film "After Hours". 
Bill and Hillary Clinton have stated that their daughter Chelsea is named for the song as performed by Judy Collins. Collins performed the song at President Clinton's 1993 Inaugural ball.

</doc>
<doc id="2919596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919596" title="Hallstahammars SK">
Hallstahammars SK

Hallstahammars SK is a Swedish sports club located in Hallstahammar in Västmanland County.
Background.
Since their foundation in 1906 Hallstahammars Sportklubb has participated in the upper and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club played in Allsvenskan during the 1931-32 and 1938-39 seasons. Hallstahammars SK currently plays in Division 4 Västmanland which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Trollebo IP in Hallstahammar.
Hallstahammars SK are affiliated to the Västmanlands Fotbollförbund.
The club also has or has had active sections for bandy, handball and ice hockey.
Season to season.
In their early history Hallstahammars SK competed in the following divisions:
In recent seasons Hallstahammars SK have competed in the following divisions:
Attendances.
In recent seasons Hallstahammars SK have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="2919598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919598" title="Capital territory">
Capital territory

A capital territory is normally a specially designated territory where a country's seat of government is located. As such, in the federal model of government, no one state or territory takes pre-eminence because the capital lies within its borders. A capital territory can be one specific form of federal district. 

</doc>
<doc id="2919621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919621" title="Swan View, Western Australia">
Swan View, Western Australia

Swan View is an eastern suburb of Perth, Western Australia. Its local government areas are the City of Swan and the Shire of Mundaring. It is from Perth in the Perth Hills on the edge of the Darling Scarp, just to the west of the John Forrest National Park, east of Roe Highway and north of the Great Eastern Highway.
The Brown Park community recreation ground is the location of the long standing annual Swan View Agricultural Show.
Transport.
The railway station of Swan View was the important control point for traffic through and around the Swan View Tunnel until it closed for traffic on 13 February 1966. Today, Swan View is served by Transperth buses from Midland, operated by the Public Transport Authority, while the Transwa Avonlink/Prospector railway line to Northam and beyond runs along Swan View's western edge.
Geography.
Swan View is bounded by the Avonlink/Prospector railway line to the west, the former railway (now part of the Railway Reserves Heritage Trail) to the south, John Forrest National Park to the east, and a line east from Blackadder Creek (in part incorporating O'Connor Road and Murchison Drive) to the north. The suburb is almost entirely residential and parkland.
At the ABS 2001 census, Swan View had a population of 8,080 people living in 3,165 dwellings. About 15% of the population are of Southern or Eastern European origins.

</doc>
<doc id="2919623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919623" title="Sativum">
Sativum

Sativum, Sativus, and Sativa are Latin botanical adjectives meaning "cultivated", used to designate certain seed-grown domestic crops. 
"Sativa" ends in -a, because it is the feminine form of the adjective, but masculine (-us) and neuter (-um) endings are used to agree with the gender of the nouns they modify, for example, "Crocus sativus" – Saffron (masculine) and "Pisum sativum"– Pea (neuter).
Examples of crops incorporating this word and its variations into their Latin name include:
Sativa is also commonly used to refer to one of the three main species of plants of the genus Cannabis; Cannabis Sativa, Cannabis Indica and Cannabis Ruderalis.

</doc>
<doc id="2919639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919639" title="Governance and Economic Management Assistance Program">
Governance and Economic Management Assistance Program

The Governance and Economic Management Assistance Program (GEMAP) is an effort, started September 2005, by the Liberian government and the international community, via the International Contact Group on Liberia (ICGL) to reshape the fundamentally broken system of governance that contributed to 23 years of conflict in Liberia.
Description.
GEMAP's effectiveness is a point of contention as there is evidence to support both sides. Proponents argue that the nature of the program, with its 'intrusive' financial controls and arbitration body for resolving disputes with the executive directly, sent a strong message to the Liberian elite that the corruption of the past would no longer be tolerated. In fact, there is considerable anecdotal evidence that GEMAP introduced an element of accountability into the bureaucracy that hadn't existed for over a generation. In this sense, GEMAP has accomplished its goal of modifying the conversation about corruption to a direction of reform. However, the Johnson-Sirleaf government has also taken a pro-reform platform, so responsibility for this cultural (if not practical,) shift may never be known.
Critics argue that the program has been ineffective in combating corruption, and that the situation is as bad or worse than in previous administrations. They note that rampant corruption still persists in GEMAP institutions like the National Port Authority, and recent criticisms about the national budget cast doubt on the transparency of revenue intake and outflows. Others have renewed protests against GEMAP, claiming that it was developed in the context of the highly corrupt transitional government, and the responsibility demonstrated by the Sirleaf government demands a reduction of the oversight.
GEMAP was never designed to 'fix' the corruption problem in Liberia. Only a generation of law enforcement, governance reform, technical assistance and education can hope to tackle that monumental problem. GEMAP was designed as economic 'triage' for a hemorrhaging (= 'bleeding') country, and in that narrow view, it can be considered a success, partly due to the 50% year to year increases in government revenue, the government's review of contracts and concessions (and renegotiation of the Mittal and Firestone contracts), reforms in the timber and diamond sectors, and the general high-level commitment to improved financial controls.
Awareness.
GEMAP is under consideration by both academics and policy makers as a tool for other post-conflict states. With greater awareness by donors that they function as 'investors' in developing countries, it is likely that additional GEMAP-like programs will be created in the future in order to provide the 'investors' some measure of reassurance that their 'partners' are in fact spending their money, as well as the donors' money, responsibly and with accountability.

</doc>
<doc id="2919649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919649" title="Kamareddy">
Kamareddy

Kamareddy is a business centre in Nizamabad district in the Indian state of Telangana.
Geography.
Kamareddy is located at . It covers an area of 14.11 km2. It is 110 km from the state capital of Hyderabad and 55 km from district headquarters, Nizamabad. However, Kamareddy comes under the Zahirabad parliamentary constituency.
The population was 64,496 at the 2001 census.
Language.
Major languages spoken in this area are Telugu (with Telangana dialect, major language), Hindi, Urdu, Lambadi and English.
Economics.
Kamareddy produces sugar, jaggery, different vegetables and turmeric.
There are around 300 text tile business centers.
Education.
The Government Arts and Science College is the one of the oldest study centres in the state of AP.
Transportation.
Kamareddy has two bus stands, and a railway station with connectivity to most major stations in Andhra Pradesh, and Mumbai. The railway line has converted to broad gauge under Project Unigauge.

</doc>
<doc id="2919653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919653" title="Marty (disambiguation)">
Marty (disambiguation)

Marty is a 1953 teleplay by Paddy Chayefsky.
Marty may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919655" title="Andrew Sears">
Andrew Sears

Andrew Sears is an American computer scientist. He is Professor and Dean of the B. Thomas Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences at the Rochester Institute of Technology. His research explores issues related to human-computer interaction including mobile computing, speech recognition, information technology accessibility, and situationally-induced impairments and disabilities. He earned his B.S. in Computer Science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Maryland, College Park. His expert opinion on information technology and IT workforce issues have been reported by a variety of media sources.
Biography.
Sears was born in Newton, Massachusetts, and attended Natick High School located in Natick, Massachusetts. He pursued undergraduate studies at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, graduating in 1988 with a BS in Computer Science. Subsequently, Sears pursued graduate studies at the University of Maryland, College Park, earning a PhD in Computer Science (1993). His dissertation, titled “LayoutAppropriateness: Guiding user interface design with simple task descriptions” was chaired by Ben Shneiderman.
Upon receiving his Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, Sears joined the faculty of the School of Computer Science, Information Systems, and Telecommunications at DePaul University in Chicago. He left DePaul to accept a position with the Information Systems Department at UMBC in 1999. He served as the Chair of the Information Systems Department at UMBC from 2002 until 2011. In 2011, he left UMBC to join RIT as Dean of the B. Thomas Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences.
Sears has been actively involved with the Association for Computing Machinery’s Special Interest Group on Accessible Computing (SIGACCESS) since 2001 when he was elected Secretary/Treasurer of the group. In 2006 he was elected Vice Chair of SIGACCESS and in 2009 he was elected to serve as the Chair of the group. In 2010, Sears was named a Distinguished Scientist by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). He has chaired the premier conferences in the fields of human-computer interaction (CHI) and computer accessibility (ASSETS). He also served in numerous other capacities on the organizing committees of these and other conferences. His research and expert opinion on information technology and IT workforce issues have been reported by a variety of media sources including ComputerWorld, InformationWeek, Baltimore Business Journal, the Baltimore Examiner, WEAA radio, WYPR radio, and Maryland Public Television. Sears, working with Vicki Hanson, served as founding Editor-in-Chief of the ACM Transactions on Accessible Computing (2006-2013). He is co-editor of the Human-Computer Interaction Handbook, published by CRC Press, which is now in its second edition.
Research interests.
Sears’ research interests focus on the field of human-computer interaction (HCI) with much of his research focusing on accessibility-related issues. His early research focused on understanding and enhancing how people interact with touchscreen-based interfaces as well as demonstrating the benefits that could be obtained by integrating information about usage patterns as interfaces are organized. More recently, much of his research has addressed issues that affect the accessibility of information technologies. Sears employs a broad definition of accessibility which addresses the issues involved in ensuring that individuals with disabilities have access to and can effectively use information technologies as well as the challenges that are associated with situationally-induced disabilities. Sears defines situationally-induced disabilities as the difficulties individuals experience when the conditions in which they are working, or the activities in which they are engaged, result in demands that exceed the user’s capabilities. Environment-based examples include interacting with information technologies in suboptimal lighting conditions, a noisy environment, extreme temperatures, or a moving vehicle. Activity-based examples include interacting with information technologies as a secondary task while actively engaged in providing health care, operating a moving vehicle, or participating in a meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="2919663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919663" title="Virtua Fighter 5">
Virtua Fighter 5

Plot.
All of the sought after invitations for the Fifth World Fighting Tournament have been sent and now the 17 best fighters in the world begin their final phases of preparation. They must learn from their prior mistakes and perfect every aspect of their mind, body, and soul - for there is no room for mistakes in this competition. Little do they know that J6, the organization funding the tournament, has sinister ulterior motives for the contest and the company's top secret Dural program is already well underway. In the organization's quest for world domination, the scientists at J6 are creating the ultimate fighting machine with human features. Their first model was defeated in the Fourth World Fighting Tournament, which drove them to kidnap Vanessa. She was able to escape with the help of an insider, but not before they captured her combat data and transferred it to the new advanced Dural model named V-Dural.
J6 is determined to find out who the inside traitor is that released Vanessa and more importantly, if V-Dural is indeed ready to defeat the world's best fighters.
The Fifth World Fighting Tournament will reveal both - let it begin.
Versions.
PlayStation 3 version.
The PlayStation 3 port is based around the older Version B revision. On January 16, 2008 Sega confirmed online features will not be added to the PlayStation 3 version due to the Version B's technical limitations.
Xbox 360 version.
The Xbox 360 port of "Virtua Fighter 5", known as "Virtua Fighter 5 Online" in North America and "Virtua Fighter 5 Live Arena" in Japan, benefits from the additions and refinements that have been made to the Version C arcade revision, including online play and an online update ability.
"Virtua Fighter 5 R".
On February 14, 2008, at the AOU Amusement Expo, Sega AM2 announced a revision to "Virtua Fighter 5" known as "Virtua Fighter 5 R". This new version was released for the Arcades on July 24, 2008 and features brand new stages as well as a new character named Jean Kujo, who practices Karate. The sumo wrestler Taka-Arashi also returns, making his first appearance since "Virtua Fighter 3" and bringing the fighter count up to 20 (counting Dural). 
Version B of Virtua Fighter 5 R was officially released in the Japanese arcades on May 21, 2009. This version featured changes in the animations of moves on all the characters, as well as changes to enhance the gameplay modes, and an improved camera system. Version C was released on November 25, 2009. However this particular version mainly added new team items for the character's outfits.
"Virtua Fighter 5 Final Showdown".
On February 18, 2010, Sega released a trailer for a second revision called "Virtua Fighter 5 Final Showdown". This update for the Sega Lindbergh arcade system debuted at the 2010 AOU Expo, and features new character costumes and new animations. The game was officially released in Japanese arcades on July 29, 2010. Version A of Final Showdown was released on April 20, 2011 at the Japanese arcades. It was announced at Gamescom 2011 that "Final Showdown" would be coming to PlayStation 3 on June 5, 2012 and Xbox 360 on June 6, 2012, complete with online play for both platforms. The game was released in downloadable format.
Reception.
The PlayStation 3 version debuted at #1 on the Japanese charts on February 20. The game received significant critical acclaim from most reviewers. "Edge" ranked the game #24 on its list of "The 100 Best Games To Play Today" (the highest-rated 3D fighter on the list), stating "One of gaming's great myths is that "VF" is inaccessible to all but the initiated. It takes care of frame-counting junkies, of course, but the core of AM2's series is a beautiful balance of attack, block and counter-attack that anyone can enjoy. Each new entry refines, making that solid animation even more seamless and introducing new characters that seem like they were always there." "Final Showdown" received a 9/10 from Eurogamer, which called it "deeper than any of its peers." "Edge" favorably compared "Final Showdown" with "Street Fighter IV", "", "Soul Calibur V", and "Mortal Kombat", noting "Its prudence, that veil of simplicity masking a system of astonishing possibility and depth, makes it one of the purest fighting games on the market today."

</doc>
<doc id="2919669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919669" title="Gwido Langer">
Gwido Langer

Lt. Col. Karol Gwido Langer (2 September 1894 in Zsolna, Austria-Hungary – 30 March 1948 in Kinross, Scotland) was chief of the Polish General Staff's Cipher Bureau from at least mid-1931.
Life.
Langer was born in Zsolna, Upper Hungary (today Žilina in Slovakia) but spent his childhood in Cieszyn, where his family came from.
By then, according to Polish military historian Władysław Kozaczuk, the Bureau had been formed by merger of the Radio Intelligence Office and the Polish-Cryptography Office. Langer remained at the head of the Cipher Bureau and its successor field agency until the latter was effectively disbanded in November 1942 upon the German occupation of southern France's Vichy "Free Zone."
Major Langer had on January 15, 1929, after a tour of duty as chief of staff of the First Infantry Division, become chief of the General Staff's Radio Intelligence Office, and subsequently of the Cipher Bureau.
As the Cipher Bureau's chief, Langer was ultimately responsible for Polish cryptography; Polish military-intelligence radio communications; radio intelligence and tracking down of clandestine enemy intelligence radio transmitters operating in Poland; Russian-cryptogram interception and decryption; and German-cryptogram interception and decryption.
Langer's Cipher Bureau has become famous for having in December 1932 broken the German Enigma cipher and read it until the German invasion of France in May–June 1940, and perhaps after that.
In March 1943, as Lt. Col. Langer, his deputy, Major Maksymilian Ciężki, head of the prewar "B.S.-4" (the Bureau's German section), Lt. Antoni Palluth and civilians Edward Fokczyński and Kazimierz Gaca were attempting to cross from German-occupied France into Spain, they were betrayed by their French guide and captured by the Germans.
Interrogated about work on Enigma, Langer "decided mix truth with lies, and [... present my lies in such a way that they had the veneer of truth." He told the Germans that before the war the Bureau had sporadically solved Enigma ciphers, but that during the war they had no longer been able to. Langer advised the panel of his interrogators that, since Major Ciężki knew more about the subject than he, they should summon Ciężki. "They agreed, and Ciężki managed to convince them that the changes the Germans had made the machine and its operating procedures before the war made decryption during the war impossible." The two Polish officers thus succeeded in protecting the secret of Allied Enigma decryption, thereby enabling Ultra to continue doing its vital work for Allied victory.
After Langer and Ciężki had been liberated by the Allies and had reached Britain, Langer was crushed to find himself blamed for his men's capture by the Germans. He died at the Polish Army Signals camp at Kinross, Scotland, on 30 March 1948 and was buried in a cemetery at Wellshill, Perth, Scotland. His grave was marked by a standard Commonwealth War Graves Commission headstone. On 1 December 2010 his remains were exhumed, following a request by his daughter Hanna Kublicka-Piottuch. On 10 December his remains received a full military funeral provided by the Polish army, following which they were reinterred at the Communal Cemetery in Cieszyn, Poland. His new gravestone is of black granite and describes his involvement with the cryptanalysis of the Enigma cipher.

</doc>
<doc id="2919680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919680" title="Herluf Trolle">
Herluf Trolle

Herluf Trolle (14 January 1516 – 25 June 1565) was a Danish naval hero.
Early life.
Herluf Trolle was born at Lillö, Scania.
He was born into the Trolle, a Swedish-originated family of high nobility, was son of Kirsten Herlufsdatter Skave and sir Joachim Arvidsen Trolle, Lord of Lilloe; thus grandson of justiciar Arvid Trolle, Lord of Bergkvara, and the latter's second wife Beate Iversdatter of the Thott, heiress of Lilloe and daughter of lord Iver Axelsen of the Thott, fiefholder of the island of Gulland.
At the age of nineteen Trolle went to Vor Frue Skole at Copenhagen, subsequently completing his studies at Wittenberg, where he adopted the views of Philipp Melanchthon, with whom he was in intimate correspondence for some years.
His marriage with Birgitte, the daughter of Lord High Treasurer Mogens Gøye, brought him a rich inheritance, and in 1557 he was summoned to the membershipof the High Council of Denmark. Both Christian III and Frederik II had a very high opinion of Trolle's trustworthiness and ability and employed him in various diplomatic missions. Trolle was, indeed, richly endowed by nature, and his handsome face and lively manners made him popular everywhere. His one enemy was his wife's nephew Peder Oxe, the subsequently distinguished finance minister, whose narrow grasping ways, especially as the two men were near neighbors, did not contribute towards family harmony. It was Trolle whom Frederik II appointed to investigate the charges of malversation brought against Oxe. Both Trolle and his wife were far renowned for their piety and good works, and their whole household had to conform to their example or seek service elsewhere. 
A man of culture, moreover, he translated David's "31st Psalm" into Danish verse. He also promoted literature and learning by educating poor students both at home and abroad, endowing Latin schools and encouraging historical research.
Military career.
In 1559, Trolle was appointed admiral and inspector of the fleet, a task which occupied all his time and energy. In 1563 he superseded the aged Peder Skram as admiral in chief in the Northern Seven Years' War. On 20 May he put to sea with twenty-one ships of the line and five smaller vessels and, after uniting with a Lübeck squadron of six liners, encountered, off the isle of Öland, a superior Swedish fleet of thirty-eight ships under Jacob Bagge. Supported by two other Danish ships, Trolle attacked the Swedish flagship "Mars" (also known as "Makalös" - "Matchless" or "Jutehataren", "Hater of Jutes"), then the largest warship in northern waters, but was beaten off at nightfall. The fight was renewed at six o'clock the following morning, when the "Makalös" was again attacked and forced to surrender, but blew up immediately afterwards, no fewer than 300 Lübeck and Danish sailors perishing with her. But the Swedish admiral was captured and the remnant of the Swedish fleet took refuge at Stockholm. 
Despite the damage done to his own fleet and flagship "Fortuna" by this great victory, Trolle, on 14 August, fought another but indecisive action with a second Swedish fleet under the famous Finnish admiral Klaus Horn, Lord of Joensuu, his distant kinsman, and kept the sea until 13 October. Trolle spent the winter partly at his castle of Herlufsholm completing his long-cherished plan of establishing a school for all classes, and partly at Copenhagen equipping a new fleet for the ensuing campaign. On 1 June 1565 he set sail with twenty-eight liners, which were reinforced off Fehmarn by five Lübeck vessels. Horn had put to sea still earlier with a superior fleet and the two admirals encountered off Fehmarn on 4 June. The fight was severe but indecisive, and both commanders finally separated to repair their ships. Trolle had been severely wounded in the thigh and shoulder, but he would not let the ship's surgeon see to his injuries until every one else had been attended to. This characteristic act of unselfishness was his undoing, for he died at Copenhagen on 25 June, seventeen days after they had put him ashore.
He was buried at Herlufsholm together with his wife Birgitte Gøye in a tomb made by the Flemish sculptor Cornelis Floris.

</doc>
<doc id="2919683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919683" title="Installment note">
Installment note

An installment note is a form of promissory note calling for payment of both principal and interest in specified amounts, or specified minimum amounts, at specific time intervals. This periodic reduction of principal amortizes the loan.

</doc>
<doc id="2919685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919685" title="Rebecca Cardon">
Rebecca Cardon

Rebecca Lynn Cardon (born June 10, 1975) is a film and television actress, personal trainer, and product spokesperson. She has appeared on several reality-TV shows — and in 2013 she self-published the book "Breakups Blow! A Guided Workbook to Help You Break Free."
Early life.
Cardon grew up in Virginia Beach, VA. and began acting at age five in television commercials. Cardon set a national bench press record at age 17 for her weight class of 105 pounds and age category of 17-to-19-year-olds when she lifted 135 pounds. After graduating from Norfolk Academy, she attended George Mason University, receiving a degree in broadcast journalism and a minor in theater.
Career.
Cardon received second billing for a role in "Nice Pants", a 2001 twelve minute short film directed by Michael Ansbach. In 2004-05 she was a contestant on the sixth season of the CBS television series The Amazing Race, finishing in 3rd place with her then boyfriend Adam Malis. "TV Guide" reported that Cardon and Mallis were favored to win, but that frequent arguments between the two "seemed to hold them back throughout the contest." Also in 2005 she appeared on one episode of the E! reality series "Kill Reality", a series that followed filming of the film "The Scorned," with its cast of former reality show participants.
From 2006 through 2008 Cardon appeared as herself in Bravo cable network's television series "Work Out", receiving top billing for her 23 episodes. The series received GLAAD Media Awards nominations in 2007 and 2008. Her character was depicted as a trainer whose uninhibited flirtatiousness often got her into trouble when working at a gym/spa in Beverly Hills, California. In the 2007 season 2 she was depicted as having a relationship with Jackie Warner, a fellow-trainer and owner of the spa. In season 3 Cardon was depicted as petulant and jealous that Warner has moved on to another relationship. "After Ellen" reported that for the show's three seasons Cardon "has remained one of the show's most popular and essential cast members." In 2009, Cardon appeared on the "Women Leaving Men for Other Women" episode of "The Oprah Winfrey Show", with Winfrey interviewing Cardon about her relationship with Warner. 
Cardon received top billing as Christie, a hitchhiker, in the 2009 feature film "Desert Fox" – which was nominated for Best Narrative Feature at the 2009 Los Angeles Reel Film Festival. In 2009, Cardon was interviewed on "Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew", and in 2010 interviewed on the documentary series "Reality Obsessed". In 2010, she was named "Woman of the Week" by a sports bra manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="2919686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919686" title="Unenumerated rights">
Unenumerated rights

Unenumerated rights are legal rights inferred from other legal rights that are officiated in a retrievable form codified by law institutions, such as in written constitutions, but are not themselves expressly coded or "enumerated" among the explicit writ of the law. Alternative terminology sometimes used are: implied rights, natural rights, background rights, and fundamental rights. 
Unenumerated rights will be actual rights insofar as they necessitate the systematization of positively enumerated rights anywhere laws would become logically incoherent, or could not be adhered to or maintained in the exclusion of those unenumerated items as rights. Examples of this include federal systems where constituent member constitutions have to be interpreted in relation to their membership in the federal whole, adjudicative of whether authority is rightfully devolved or more rightly federative.
This term alternatively, is used loosely to mean any perceived rights, often considered peremptory or intuitively fiat (such as rights innate to each individual or inherent to mankind), that are without expression or instance of articulation.
In Australia.
Implied rights are the political and civil freedoms that necessarily underlie the actual words of the constitution but are not themselves expressly stated directly in the constitution. Since the 1990s the High Court has discovered rights which are said to be implied by the very structure and textual form of the Constitution. Chief amongst these is an implied right to freedom of communication on political matters, which was first recognised in "Nationwide News Pty Ltd v Wills". In addition, some protections of civil liberties have been the result of the High Court's zealous attempts to safeguard the independence of, and confidence in, the Federal judiciary. A good example of this can be seen in "Kable v Director of Public Prosecutions (NSW)", in which the High Court struck down a criminal law passed by the New South Parliament that was directed at a single named individual in a similar manner to a Bill of attainder. The High Court also implied a limited right to vote from the text of the Constitution in "Roach v Electoral Commissioner", invalidating legislation that prevented all prisoners from voting. 
In Ireland.
Article 40.3 of the Irish constitution refers to and accounts for the recognition of unenumerated rights. The Supreme Court is often the main source of such rights, such as the right to bodily integrity, the right to marry and the right to earn a living, among others.
In the Republic of China.
Article 22 of the Constitution of the Republic of China guarantees unenumerated freedoms and rights of the people that are not detrimental to social order or public welfare, now in effect in Taiwan Area.
In the United States.
In the United States, the Ninth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects against federal infringement of unenumerated rights. The text reads:The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people. The Supreme Court of the United States has also interpreted the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution to protect against state infringement of certain unenumerated rights including, among others, the right to send one's children to private school and the right to marital privacy.

</doc>
<doc id="2919703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919703" title="Regarding the Fountain">
Regarding the Fountain

Regarding the Fountain is a children's novel by Kate Klise, first published in 1998.
It is unusual in the way that it tells the entire story through notes, memos, letters, and other documents. The story itself takes place in Dry Creek, Missouri. The back-story unfolds as the reader progresses; but thirty years before the spring that the town relied on mysteriously dried up. At the same time, a new middle school opened. The story follows Sam N.'s class of fifth graders as they communicate with Florence Waters, a fountain designer, who has agreed to fix a leaky water fountain in the school. All the character names are puns on water species, for instance, Sam N. sounds suspiciously like salmon and Walter (Wally) Russ sounds like walrus, and his secretary, Goldie Fisch (goldfish). There are also sequels called "Regarding the Sink", "Regarding the Trees", and "Regarding the Bathrooms", and, most recently, "Regarding the Bees" (in this order).
It tells the story of Florence Waters, a free-spirited, quirky fountain designer on her quest to create a unique and beautiful fountain for the children of Dry Creek. Through a series of misunderstandings and funny situations, the kids uncover a scandal that shocks the entire town. They end up with a fantastic fountain and a new friend. But suddenly Sam N's class finds out the truth on what REALLY happened that day when the creek dries up. It also has a very good ending.
Two people named Sally Mander and Delbert "Dee" Eel capped off the pipes that lead to the spring and redirected them back to Dee's waters company and Sally's swimming pool in their scandal to make thousands of dollars until one day a few fifth-graders caught them, and threw them behind bars. The city that was once known as Spring Creek then Dry Creek was renamed Geyser Creek.
"Regarding the Sink" - The kitchen sink at Geyser Creek Middle School has a terrible clog which leads to a terrible smell. The children of Sam N.'s sixth-grade class will go all the way to Sinkiang, China to find Florence Waters to help them and discover something very mischievous.
"Regarding the Trees" - Principle Walter Russ wants to cut down an old willow tree, Minnie O. will not let that happen and goes to extreme lengths to stop it while learning a little about geyser creek's, and her own, history. Men and woman in Geyser creek fight and divide so as it seems as if Geyser creek (or, Guys R Creek, or Guys, (it's) her creek) is two different places, after Chef Angelo comes to town.
In "Regarding the Fountain" (and the rest of the series) many of the characters names have to do with water. Sam N. (salmon) Flo Waters (the flow of water) Sally Mander (salamander) Delbert "Dee" Eel (Delbert the Eel) Lily and Paddy (Lily Pad) Gil (a fish's gills) Shelly (a turtle shell) Minnie O. (minnow) Tad Poll (tadpole) Goldie Fisch (gold fish) Walter Russ (walrus) Pearl O. Ster (pearl in an oyster) Cora Reef (coral reef) and Ima Crabbie (I'm crabby or I'm a crab) & Barry Cuda (Barracuda). As far as we know, there may be many more funny names to laugh on!
Characters.
"Florence Waters" - A fountain designer that has designed many fountains. She is very cultural and likes the children a lot. she sends them lots of presents. She's a little happy-go-lucky.
"Sam N." - He is a teacher at Dry Creek Middle School.
"Walter Russ" - The principal of Dry Creek middle school. He hates being called Wally.
"Goldie Fisch" - She is the sweet secretary of Dry Creek middle school. Walter makes her write letters for him.
"Lily and Paddy" - They're best friends. They suggested that the fountain was big enough to splash around in.
"Shelly and Tad" - Shelly and Tad are good friends. They suggest the different drinks in the fountain.
"Minnie O" - She's the smartest in Sam N's class. She suggests the fish in the fountain.
"Gil" - There isn't much you find out about Gil. He suggests the loop the loop fountain which is seen on the cover of the book. In other books Gil seems to feel bad about himself, blaming himself a lot.
Series.
Regarding the Fountain is the first book in a children's series.
Book 1: Regarding the Fountain
Book 2: Regarding the Sink
Book 3: Regarding the Trees
Book 4: Regarding the Bathrooms
Book 5: Regarding the Bees

</doc>
<doc id="2919706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919706" title="Echinosepala">
Echinosepala

Echinosepala is a proposed genus of orchids comprising the subgenera "Silenia" and "Satyria" of the genus "Myoxanthus". There is little reason to resist this change, thus "Echinosepala" is widely accepted. The genus contains 8 species.
The genus was formerly known as Echinella Pridgeon & M.W.Chase, but as this latter also refers to an algae genus, it has been changed to "Echinosepala".

</doc>
<doc id="2919711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919711" title="OpenFormula">
OpenFormula

OpenFormula is an open standard for exchanging recalculated formulae in spreadsheets. OpenFormula is included in version 1.2 of the OpenDocument standard. OpenFormula was proposed and initially drafted by David A. Wheeler.
History.
Discussion of need.
OpenDocument 1.0 is a specification for the exchange of office documents, and is fully capable of describing mathematical formulas that are displayed on the screen (through its reuse of the MathML standard). It is also fully capable of exchanging spreadsheet data, formats, pivot tables, and other information typically included in a spreadsheet. OpenDocument can exchange spreadsheet formulae (formulae that are recalculated in the spreadsheet); formulae are exchanged as values of the attribute table:formula.
However, many believed that the syntax and semantics of table:formula was not defined in sufficient detail. Version 1.0 of the specification defined spreadsheet formulae using a set of simple examples which show, for example, how to specify ranges and the SUM() function. Some critics argued that a more detailed, precise specification for spreadsheet functions, including syntax and semantics, was needed.
The OpenDocument committee argued that this was outside their scope at that time. Others have argued that, while the specification is less specific than one might like, the intent is fairly clear (especially since formulae tend to follow decades-long traditions), and also because the vast majority of spreadsheets only use a small set of functions (such as SUM) which are universally supported by all spreadsheet implementations.
OpenFormula Project.
One of the external commentors on OpenDocument, David A. Wheeler, released a first draft of a specification for formulae in February 2005. This began a process of discussion with various spreadsheet implementors and developers.
In October 2005, Wheeler publicly began an informal project, backed by the OpenDocument Fellowship, to create a draft formula specification, based on the initial draft and on discussions since that time with various implementors. By January 2006, the group had developed a lengthy specification, and implementors had begun changing their implementations to meet the draft specification.
OASIS Formula subcommittee.
In February 2006, OASIS formally created the formula subcommittee, naming Wheeler as the subcommittee chair. After discussion, the subcommittee agreed to use the OpenFormula project's document as their base document. Thus, by February 2006, OASIS had a draft formula specification with a detailed framework and over 100 functions defined.
Microsoft response.
In 2005, Microsoft's Brian Jones noted that OpenDocument did not define spreadsheet formulae in detail. However, at the time Microsoft's competing proprietary XML format also did not include this kind of detailed specification for formulae.
Microsoft continued to protest that OpenDocument could not be used because it did not define a format for spreadsheet formulae, while its own specification continued to omit any specification about formulae until April 2006. In May 2006, Microsoft also began defining formulae in its XML format, 15 months after the first version of OpenFormula and three months after OASIS posted its first official draft of its specification.
The Office Open XML spreadsheet formula language is now part of the international standard ISO/IEC IS 29500:2008.
Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 uses the formula language defined in ISO/IEC IS 29500:2008 for OpenDocument spreadsheets. Microsoft stated that they consider adding support for an official ODF formula language (OpenFormula), once a future version of the OpenDocument (ISO/IEC 26300) standard specification includes one.
Completion of the effort.
In June 2007 it was announced that four tasks remained before submission to the quality assurance review.
Further delays where incurred, but many implementors implemented the specification while it was being written, modifying their applications where necessary to comply with the draft standard.
Finally, the OpenFormula specification was issued on 29 September 2011 as Part 2 of Version 1.2 of the Open Document Format (http://docs.oasis-open.org/office/v1.2/OpenDocument-v1.2-part2.html).
OpenFormula attributes.
Key attributes of the OpenFormula specification and development process are: 
OpenFormula groups.
One important aspect of OpenFormula is that it provides a predefined set of "groups"; the most important of these groups are small, medium, and large:
It is expected that users will often request implementations that meet a particular group, based on their needs.

</doc>
<doc id="2919713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919713" title="Ai Shite Knight">
Ai Shite Knight

Plot summary.
"Ai Shite Knight" is set in Osaka, and tells the story of Yaeko "Yakko" Mitamura, an 18-year-old girl working in her father's Okonomiyaki restaurant. One day Yakko casually meets a little boy, Hashizo, and his odd cat Juliano. Hashizo has lost both parents when still a baby and has been brought up by his elder brother. Hashizo's brother Go Kato is the lead singer of the emerging rock band "Bee Hive". When Yakko meets Go and his friend and "Bee Hive" member Satomi Okawa an unexpected series of events and a tangled romance unfolds.
Whereas the main narrative of "Ai Shite Knight" is essentially based on a love story, interesting and innovative elements were introduced by Kaoru Tada, most notably the portrayal of the Japanese music scene in the early '80s. In creating characters such as Go, Satomi and their band "Bee Hive", Tada was inspired by well-known bands of the time such as "The Stalin", "Novela", "Primadonna" and "44Magnum". Tada also plays with sexual provocation and ambiguity, mainly embodied by the character of "Kiss Relish" vocalist Kazuma Kataoka/Sheila, although these elements were considerably toned down in the anime version of the story.
Media.
Anime.
The anime version of "Ai Shite Knight" was produced by Toei Animation in 1983-1984, for a total of 42 episodes directed by Osamu Kasai, a veteran Toei director. The "Ai Shite Knight" anime presents some significant changes in the storyline and modifications in the characters' stories, and covers only one part of the story narrated by Tada in the manga. It was targeted on a younger audience than that of the manga, some aspects were subsequently toned down and simplified.
One notable difference between the graphic style of the manga and that of the anime is in the characters' hair colors. The hair of both Yakko and Hashizou is frequently shown as blond in Tada's colorized manga artwork. In the anime, Hashizou has blue hair and Yakko has reddish-brown hair. However, Yakko was drawn as a blonde in the anime's opening sequence, which perhaps confused some European viewers who hadn't read or heard of the original manga.
Famous voice actress and pop idol Mitsuko Horie provided the voice of Yakko in the anime. Isao Suzuki was the voice of Go, Katsuji Mori of Satomi, Takeshi Aono of Shige-San, and Yūko Mita of Hashizo. Masa Amamori provided the voice of Juliano.
Mitsuko Horie also sang "Koi wa Totsuzen" ("Love is sudden"), the song featuring in the opening credits of each episode.
Music.
The main reason why the anime version of "Ai Shite Knight" is particularly famous is because it features, for the first time ever, original songs within the episodes, a plot device which will be very successful in subsequent anime series such as Mahou no Tenshi Creamy Mami and – more recently – Nana. The songs were performed by "Bee Hive" and the rival band "Kiss Relish" and they were so successful to be released in an album. Joe Hisaishi, who has composed the music for Hayao Miyazaki's movies, collaborated with composer Nozomu Aoki in writing and arranging the songs. The original songs featured in the anime are:
Performed by "Bee Hive"
Performed by "Kiss Relish"
A collection of all the original songs featured in an album called "Debut-Bee Hive" which was produced in Japan immediately after the end of the anime series. Subsequently, a tribute album titled "Aishite Night - Hit Kyoku Shu "Yakko, I Love You"" was also released, and it included the opening and closing songs of the series, as well as tribute songs for the various characters arranged on some of the background music used throughout the anime.
Internationalization.
The anime also became extremely popular in Europe with the title "Rock'n'roll kids" in Germany, "Embrasse-moi, Lucile" and "Lucile, Amour et Rock 'n Roll" in France, and "Kiss me Licia" in Italy, as well as "Bésame Licia" in Spanish. In fact, the anime series was so popular in Italy that it spawned a domestically produced live-action teen soap opera, which ran for 145 episodes through four seasons ("Love me Licia," "Licia dolce Licia," "Teneramente Licia," and "Balliamo e cantiamo con Licia") on Italian TV from 1986 to 1988. Cristina D'Avena, who performed the Italian theme song to the anime series, played Licia (Yakko) in the live-action version.
Versions of the songs in several languages also exist because of the popularity of "Ai Shite Knight" outside of Japan.
In Italy, Switzerland, Malta and Slovenia, "Bee Hive" became teenagers' idols, especially when the live action sequels to "Ai Shite Knight" were aired and featured new songs performed by the band, which were awarded even gold and platinum discs.
The "Bee Hive" members in the live action series were: 
Manuel De Peppe, Marco Bellavia and Giovanni Colombo left for the third season, so three new characters were introduced:
Marco Bellavia returned for the fourth and final season.

</doc>
<doc id="2919716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919716" title="Cormac McAnallen">
Cormac McAnallen

Cormac McAnallen (; 11 February 1980 – 2 March 2004) was an Irish sportsperson. He played Gaelic football at senior inter-county level for Tyrone, as well as at club level for Eglish St. Patrick's.
With Tyrone McAnallen won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship in 2003, and twice won both the Ulster Senior Football Championship and National League titles. At underage level he won an All-Ireland Minor and two All-Ireland Under 21 Championships with Tyrone. He also won an All Stars Award for his performances in the 2003 Championship.
McAnallen played for UCD while studying in Dublin and helped the university win the Dublin Senior Football Championship.
McAnallen died suddenly on 2 March 2004, aged 24. Despite his relatively short career, he won almost every honour in the game. He was often captain of successful teams, and was known as a particularly inspirational captain.
Personal life.
Cormac McAnallen was born on 11 February 1980 in Dungannon. He lived in the Brantry, with his parents Brendan and Bridget, and his brothers Donal and Fergus. Between 1984 and 1990 Cormac attended Derrylatinee Primary School; from 1990 to 1997 he attended St. Patrick's Grammar School in Armagh. At St. Patrick's he was part of the team that won the Blackboard Jungle quiz on RTÉ (1996/97). He was a student at Queens University Belfast between 1997 and 2001, and in 2001/02 he studied at University College Dublin, while doing teaching practice at St. Benildus College, Stillorgan. He graduated from Queens in 2000 with B.A. in History, and in 2001 with Postgraduate Diploma in Computer-Based Learning. He graduated from UCD in 2002 with a Higher Diploma in Education. He was named Queen's University Graduate of the Year in 2004.
From 2002 to 2004 Cormac's main subject of teaching was history and politics at St. Catherine's College, Armagh and he managed school sports teams. He also however taught other subjects such as history, politics, mathematics, computers, French and Religion. He was well liked by students and staff alike. In his after-school hours he acted as a Youth-Sport co-ordinator in the Armagh district, and he was frequently a coach at Tyrone GAA summer camps.
In 2003, McAnallen got engaged to Ashlene Moore. In his spare time, McAnallen played a wide range of sports – including hurling, golf, table tennis and soccer – and loved watching every type of sport. He was also a keen participant in quizzes, and he took a great interest in history and Gaelic culture.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
At Minor level, McAnallen won the 1997 Ulster Minor Championship with Tyrone and they went on to reach the All-Ireland Minor final, but were defeated by Laois. The following year with McAnallen as captain, Tyrone defended their Ulster crown and also went on to win the All-Ireland Minor title. He was named Personality of the Year by the Ulster GAA Writers Association in 1998.
McAnallen was Tyrone Under 21 captain in 2000 and 2001. In both those years the county won both the Ulster Under 21 Championship and the All-Ireland Under 21 Championship twice.
By this stage he was already playing for the Tyrone Senior side. In 2001 he won an Ulster Senior Championship medal and was named both All Stars Young Footballer of the Year and the Ulster GAA Writers Association's Footballer of the Year.
He was a midfielder on the Tyrone team that won back-to-back National League titles in 2002 and 2003. In 2003 he moved to the full-back position and two months later the team won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship for the first time in the county's history. Tyrone had also won the Ulster Championship earlier in the summer en route to winning the All-Ireland. McAnallen was rewarded with an All Star award for his performances in the 2003 Championship.
In 2004, just over a week before his death, he captained Tyrone to success in the Dr. McKenna Cup.
Club.
McAnallen won consecutive Tyrone Minor Championships with Eglish in 1996 and 1997. He won a Tyrone Intermediate Championship medal with the club in 1997.
McAnallen played for UCD while studying at the university and won the Dublin Senior Football Championship medal in 2001 and 2002 captaining the team both years.
Province.
McAnallen won a Railway Cup medal with Ulster in 2003 and also played in the competition in 2001.
International.
McAnallen represented Ireland in the International Rules Series against Australia in 2001, 2002 and 2003.
College.
McAnallen won the Ryan Cup with Queens University Belfast in 1999, and the following year helped the university win the Sigerson Cup.
Other sports.
McAnallen played hurling for the Clan na nGael club. While at St. Pat's Amragh he played basketball and won Ulster Schools ‘A’ basketball titles from Under 14 to Under 19 levels. He also represented Ulster at basketball from Under 14 to Under 17 levels.
Death.
McAnallen died in his sleep on 2 March 2004, aged 24, from an undetected heart condition. 
Legacy.
In 2004 the Cormac McAnallen Cup, the cup that Ireland and Australia play for in the International Rules Series, was named in his honour.
In January 2005, the Cormac McAnallen’s GAC was founded in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2919726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919726" title="Sarah Siddons Award">
Sarah Siddons Award

The Sarah Siddons Society is an American non-profit organization founded in 1952 by prominent Chicago theatre patrons with the goal of promoting excellence in the theatre. The Society presents the Sarah Siddons Award annually to an actor for an outstanding performance in a Chicago theatrical production. The winner receives a statuette of the Welsh stage actress Sarah Siddons (1755–1831).
The award stems from the fictional award referred to in the opening scene of the 1950 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film "All About Eve". The film opens with the image of an award trophy, described by character Addison DeWitt (George Sanders) as the "highest honour our theater knows: the "Sarah Siddons Award" for Distinguished Achievement." The award was invented by Mankiewicz for the script. In 1952 a small group of eminent Chicago theater-goers, including Mrs. Loyal Davis, mother of future First Lady Nancy Davis Reagan, began to give an award physically modeled and named after the one in the film. In 1973, during the Sarah Siddons Society Anniversary Gala, an honorary Sarah Siddons award was presented to Bette Davis, even though she didn't appear in a Chicago play that year. Another "All About Eve" cast member, Celeste Holm, had previously won the award. Lauren Bacall, who played Davis' role in the Broadway musical version, "Applause", has also won.
In addition to the award, the society also funds a number of scholarships for theatre and other performance university students in the Chicago area. Beginning in 2013, the society has partnered with the Chicago Humanities Festival to expose young students from disadvantaged backgrounds to live performances.
Past winners.
Actress/Actor of the Year (chronologically):

</doc>
<doc id="2919728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919728" title="Security agreement">
Security agreement

A security agreement, in the law of the United States, is a contract that governs the relationship between the parties to a kind of financial transaction known as a secured transaction. In a secured transaction, the Grantor (typically a borrower but possibly a guarantor or surety) assigns, grants and pledges to the grantee (typically the lender) a security interest in personal property which is referred to as the collateral. Examples of typical collateral are shares of stock, livestock, and vehicles. A security agreement is not used to transfer any interest in real property (land/real estate), only personal property. The document used by lenders to obtain a lien on real property is a mortgage or deed of trust.
The security agreement sets out the various rights the grantee will have with respect to the collateral, which are in addition to all other rights which the lender may have by law, such as those rights contained in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code which has been adopted in some form by each state in the United States. The Security Agreement also addresses issues such as permitted sales or other transactions with the collateral in the ordinary course of the grantor's business and notices that may be required to be given by the grantee to the grantor if certain actions are taken. There are many forms available for purchase from legal supply and banker supply companies, in addition to software that will produce a security agreement according to specific user input.
A security agreement may be oral if the secured party (the lender) has actual physical possession of the collateral. Where the collateral remains in the physical possession of the borrower, or where the collateral is intangible (such as a patent., accounts receivable, or a promissory note), the security agreement must be in writing in order to satisfy the statute of frauds. 
The security agreement must be authenticated by the debtor, meaning that it must either bear the debtor's signature, or it must be electronically marked. It must contain a reasonable description of the collateral, and must use words showing an intent to create a security interest (the right to seek repayment of the loan by foreclosing on the collateral). In order for the security agreement to be valid, the borrower must usually have rights in the collateral at the time the agreement is executed. If a borrower pledges as collateral a car owned by a neighbor, and the neighbor does not know of and endorse this pledge, then the security agreement is ineffective. However, a security agreement may specify that it includes after-acquired property. If such a specification is included, then a pledge of "all automobiles owned by borrower" would include the neighbor's car if the borrower were to buy that car from the neighbor.
In order for a security interest to attach to the collateral in the possession of subsequent purchasers, it must be "perfected". If the security agreement is for a purchase money security interest, perfection is automatic. Otherwise, the lender must record either the agreement itself, or a UCC-1 financing statement, in an appropriate public venue (usually the state secretary of state or a state business commission under that person's authority). Perfecting the interest creates constructive notice, which is deemed legally sufficient to inform the rest of the world of the lender's rights in the collateral. Where a borrower has used the same property as collateral with respect to multiple security agreements made with different lenders, the first lender to record the interest has the strongest claim to that property.

</doc>
<doc id="2919731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919731" title="FlatOut 2">
FlatOut 2

FlatOut 2 is a racing video game developed by Bugbear Entertainment and published by Empire Interactive and Vivendi Universal Games. It is the sequel to the 2004 game "FlatOut".
This game is themed more on the street racing/import tuner scene than its predecessor. Another notable change is the tire grip; players can now take more control of their car, worrying less about skidding in tight turns. The game has three car classes: derby, race and street.
It was first released in Russia on June 29, 2006, in Europe on June 30, 2006, and in North America on August 1, 2006.
On October 3, 2008, an OS X version of the game was released by Virtual Programming.
Gameplay.
Ragdoll physics.
The ragdoll physics in the sequel have been greatly updated. During the race, the driver may be thrown out of the car if slammed into a wall at a high speed. In the numerous Stunt minigames the goal is to shoot yourself out of the car and complete objectives like knocking down a set of bowling pins, hitting the designated spots on a dartboard, score a field goal or fly through flaming hoops. Players must use 'aerobatics' to control the driver in-flight, but overusing it will increase drag, which will slow the driver down and possibly prevent him/her from reaching the designated target. If the driver falls short of the target, players can use the "nudge". This gives the driver a small upward boost and slightly reduces drag. In the Stone Skipping Stunt minigame, the players must use nudge just as the driver hits the surface of the water to skip the most efficiently and reach the furthest.
Censorship.
The ragdoll physics have prompted the German software rating organization USK to rate FlatOut 2 18+, and Empire Interactive to publish a German version rated 12+ that replaces the human drivers with crash test dummies. That version is also produced for the Japanese market. There is also a demolition derby mode which has around 10 tracks.
Remake.
In 2008 the game was re-released for Xbox 360 and PlayStation Portable with additional features and new soundtrack, under the new name """" for Xbox 360 and PC and ""FlatOut: Head On"" for PSP.

</doc>
<doc id="2919732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919732" title="Hans Wehr transliteration">
Hans Wehr transliteration

The Hans Wehr transliteration system is a system for transliteration of the Arabic alphabet into the Latin alphabet used in the Hans Wehr dictionary. The system was modified somewhat in the fourth English edition. It is printed in lowercase italics. It marks some consonants using diacritics (underdot, macron below, and caron) rather than digraphs, and writes long vowels with macrons.
The transliteration of the Arabic alphabet:

</doc>
<doc id="2919733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919733" title="List of independent UK record labels">
List of independent UK record labels

This is a list of notable independent record labels based in the United Kingdom. These labels are independent from the Big four record labels. It's the world's fifth largest music company.
0-9

</doc>
<doc id="2919738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919738" title="You Could Be Mine">
You Could Be Mine

"You Could Be Mine" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses, featured on their 1991 fourth studio album "Use Your Illusion II". It was released as the band's seventh single, and the first from the "Use Your Illusion" albums, in June 1991. Backed with "Civil War" from "Use Your Illusion II", the single reached number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number three on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was originally released as the theme song for director James Cameron's 1991 film, "."
History.
Contrary to popular belief, "You Could Be Mine" was not originally going to be the official theme of "". However, the references to Guns N' Roses that were made in the film (from John Connor's friend's Guns N' Roses t-shirt to the T-800 taking out his shotgun from a box of roses, thus playing a pun on the band's name) were so clear and obvious that it was a wise business decision to make when director James Cameron decided to recruit the band to perform a song. As it would turn out, "You Could Be Mine" was selected to be included in the film. Arnold Schwarzenegger had the band members over for dinner at his own home to negotiate the deal.
The lyric "With your bitch slap rappin' and your cocaine tongue you get nothin' done" from the chorus appeared on the inner sleeve of Guns N' Roses' debut album "Appetite for Destruction", released in 1987 (the song had already been written by then). This "tradition" was followed by the line "Ain't It Fun" on the "Use Your Illusion" albums released in 1991 - two years later GN'R cover of the song "Ain't It Fun" appeared on ""The Spaghetti Incident?"" album. The end of first verse, "we've seen that movie too", is a reference to Elton John' song "I've Seen That Movie Too", from the album Goodbye Yellow Brick Road. Slash states that the song's writing began at the first preproduction session for "Appetite for Destruction".
The song has a minute-long drum and guitar intro. It was played during the ending credits of "Terminator 2" and was heard in the film itself in early scenes with John Connor. The original script called for The Ramones song "I Wanna Be Sedated" to be played instead. The song also featured in another part of the Terminator series, "Terminator Salvation."
Music video.
Schwarzenegger appears in the music-video as the T-800 Terminator from the film who arrives at a Guns N' Roses concert, having mission orders to assassinate the band members. When the song is finished, the Terminator confronts the band and individually assesses each member except for Izzy Stradlin, as he was conspicuously absent in this section of the video. He gets to Axl and assesses that killing him would be "a waste of ammo." He then stares at Axl Rose for a while, gives a brief smirk and walks off. Edited by Jeffrey Abelson, it was one of the most requested music videos during that period, and contributed to the hype surrounding "Terminator 2". At the end of 1991, MTV placed it at #1 on their top 100 videos for that year.
As the video features clips from the movie, it could not be put on the DVD "Welcome to the Videos" due to licensing issues. The video was also not included on any of the DVD releases of "Terminator 2: Judgment Day", although it was included with a special double tape edition of the film, released on VHS in 1993.
Live.
Early live versions of "You Could Be Mine" featured Slash using a B.C. Rich Mockingbird (as in the video) instead of his usual Gibson Les Paul, due to his use of a tremolo during the solo. It was first played live at Rock in Rio II on January 20, 1991 and has been a staple ever since.
Current show visuals https://vimeo.com/61876246

</doc>
<doc id="2919744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919744" title="Cab forward">
Cab forward

The term cab forward refers to various rail and road vehicle designs that place the driver's compartment substantially farther towards the front than is common practice.
Rail locomotives.
In steam locomotive design, a cab forward design will typically have the driver's compartment (or cab) placed forward of the boiler at the very front of the engine. On a coal-fired locomotives, the fireman's station remains on the footplate behind the firebox so as to be next to the tender. On an oil-fired locomotives, the fireman's station could be (and normally is) in the forward cab. This type of design was widely, though not commonly, used throughout Europe in the first half of the 20th century, often in conjunction with an enclosed body design and/or streamlining.
Visibility is greatly improved from the cab, and fumes from the chimney do not fill a forward cab in tunnels. However, the crew's prospects in the event of a collision are worse, and if the driver and fireman are in separate places it is difficult for them to communicate, just as in autotrains.
Germany: Deutsche Reichsbahn.
In Germany, Borsig in Berlin built a one-off streamlined cab forward DRG Class 05 (serial number 05 003) 4-6-4 in 1937, with further development stopped by World War II. The design speed was , but its conventional layout sister 05 002 set a new world speed record for steam locomotives on May 11, 1936, after reaching on the Berlin–Hamburg line hauling a 197 t train, a record it lost two years later to the British LNER Class A4 4468 Mallard. In 1944, the streamlining was removed, but the 05 003 had by then already lost its cab forward layout. After the war, it pulled express trains in West Germany until 1958. It was scrapped in 1960.
Italy: Ferrovie dello Stato italiane.
The state-owned Italian Ferrovie dello Stato had several cab forward locomotives, 4-6-0 types group 670, 671, and 672. The 670 to 672 group engines had a three-axle tender, and were nicknamed "mucca" (cow). The engines (construction year 1902, top speed 110 km/h) were used to haul passenger trains on the east coast line.
USA: Southern Pacific.
The best known example of the cab-forward design in the United States, the Southern Pacific Cab-Forward (also known to a lesser extent as "Cab-in-fronts" and "Cab-aheads") placed the cab at the front by the simple expedient of turning the entire locomotive, minus the tender, by 180 degrees. This arrangement was made possible by burning fuel oil instead of coal.
The cab forward design was widely used by the Southern Pacific Railroad, which developed it to deal with the peculiar problems of its routes. The 39 long tunnels and nearly of snow sheds of the Sierra Nevada Mountains could funnel dangerous exhaust fumes back into the crew compartment of a conventional locomotive. After a number of crews nearly asphyxiated, the locomotive was run in reverse. This meant that the tender was leading the train, which introduced new problems. The tender blocked the view ahead and put crewmen on the wrong sides of the cab for seeing signals. The tenders were not designed to be pushed at the lead of the train, which limited speeds. Southern Pacific commissioned Baldwin Locomotive Works to build a prototype cab-forward locomotive, then ordered more units before the prototype had even arrived.
All of the cab-forwards were oil-burning locomotives, which meant there was little trouble involved putting the tender at what would normally be the front of the locomotive. The oil and water tanks were pressurized so that both would flow normally even on uphill grades. Visibility from the cab was superior, such that one crewman could survey both sides of the track without difficulty. There were concerns about what would happen to the crew in the event of a collision, and at least one fatal accident occurred on the Modoc Line when a moving locomotive struck a flat car. Turning the normal locomotive arrangement around also placed the crew well ahead of the exhaust fumes, insulating them from that hazard. One problematic aspect of the design, however, was the routing of the oil lines; because the firebox was located ahead of the driving wheels (instead of behind them, the usual practice), oil leaks could cause the wheels to slip. A nuisance under most conditions, it resulted in at least one fatal accident. This occurred in 1941 when a cab-forward with leaking steam and oil lines entered the tunnel at Santa Susana Pass, near Los Angeles. The tunnel was on a grade, and as the slow-moving train ascended the tunnel, oil on the rails caused the wheels to slip and spin. The train slipped backwards and a coupler knuckle broke, separating the air line, causing an emergency brake application and stalling the train in a tunnel that was rapidly filling with exhaust fumes and steam. The oil dripping on the rails and ties then ignited beneath the engine cab, killing the crew.
No other North American railroad ordered cab-forward locomotives, although some, like Western Pacific, did consider the type. Built to deal with difficult terrain, the articulated locomotives became an easily recognizable symbol of the Southern Pacific. In total, 256 engines, in three different wheel arrangements, were eventually placed on SP's roster. One example of the type, Southern Pacific 4294, is kept at the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento, California. It is a 4-8-8-2 locomotive and is the only one to escape being scrapped. It was also SP's last new steam locomotive, built in 1944.
The North Pacific Coast Railroad, later part of the SP-owned Northwestern Pacific company, rebuilt an 1875 4-4-0 into the first cab-forward locomotive. This innovative engine was built by William (Bill) Thomas, the NPC master mechanic who was nationally known and holder of a number of patents. Thomas used the running gear and frame from NPC locomotive 5, the "Bodega", which had been wrecked in 1897, to build NPC 21. With the addition a new and unusual marine boiler and an all-steel cab, installed in reverse order from standard engines, this unique creation earned Thomas a patent on the locomotive design. No. 21 entered service in 1900, but only lasted a few years due to design flaws in the boiler. The crews were not satisfied with the new engine, finding it difficult to operate, with fears of the possible results of a collision. They dubbed it "The Freak".
Prussia.
Experimental Prussian T 16 (see in German) 2'C2' (4-6-4) tank locomotive had control cabs at both ends.
UK: Southern Railway.
Oliver Bulleid's ill-fated "Leader" is sometimes referred to as a cab-forward locomotive, but since it had a cab at each end like a typical modern diesel or electric locomotive, this designation is not entirely appropriate.
Road transport.
Automobiles.
The cab forward design allows the passenger area to be much larger than in other similar sized automobiles.
The first modern mass-produced, U.S. automobile using the cab forward concept was the Pacer, introduced in 1975 by American Motors Corporation (AMC). The company did not call it "cab forward", but the Pacer's layout placed the passenger compartment further forward than was typical to that time. Moreover, its wheels were pushed to the corners resulting in short overhangs, the body was relatively wide to total length, as well as the A-pillars were moved forward and the windshield was placed over part of the engine compartment. In addition to the "cab forward" design, the AMC Pacer contained many other features that were considered to be ahead of their time and did not enter mainstream automobiles until the 1990s.
The term "cab forward" was a marketing term used by Chrysler Corporation starting in 1992 to describe styling and engineering features that were similar to those seen on the AMC Pacer and the Lamborghini Portofino, which improved cornering and interior space The passenger cabin was "pushed forward" so that the front wheel well directly abutted the leading edge of the front doors, and the windshield extended forward over the engine, while the rear wheels were shifted towards the back corners of the vehicle. Moving the wheels to the edges allowed designers to enlarge the interior while improving ride and cornering. Numerous models built from 1993 to 2004 on the Chrysler LH platform, the JA and JR platforms ("cloud cars"), and the PL platform (Neon), were specifically marketed as cab forward cars. Chrysler claimed to be the first to apply these features to a full-size car.
Commercial vehicles.
In road vehicle design, Cab forward, also known as Cab-over, COE (Cab Over Engine), or forward control, is a body style of truck or van that has a vertical front or "flat face", with the cab sitting above the front axle. This body design allows for a more compact configuration. For example, the Jeep Forward Control model was the first time the payload (or pickup box) length - with the tailgate up - exceeded the wheelbase of a truck. 
The cab forward truck configuration is currently common among European and Japanese truck manufacturers, because the laws governing overall vehicle lengths are strict and the body style allows longer trailers or a longer cargo area for the same overall length than a standard truck (with an engine compartment ahead of a conventional cabin). Better visibility and maneuverability in tight quarters, such as for city delivery, is a benefit of locating the truck's cab up front. Large trucks of this type are most often described as "cab over engine" (COE) or cab over models.

</doc>
<doc id="2919756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919756" title="Chub mackerel">
Chub mackerel

The chub mackerel, "Scomber japonicus", also known as the Pacific mackerel or Pacific chub mackerel, is a mackerel which closely resembles the Atlantic chub mackerel.
Characteristics.
Most important of the differences, anatomically, is the fact that the chub mackerel has a well-developed swim bladder attached with the esophagus, which the "true mackerels" in the "Scomber" genus lack. But it is not necessary to open the fish to identify it for there is a characteristic color difference between them, the Atlantic being silvery-sided below the mid line, whereas the lower part of the sides of the hardhead (otherwise colored somewhat like the Atlantic) are mottled with small dusky blotches, and the chub has a larger eye than the Atlantic. Less obvious differences are that the dorsal fins are closer together in the chub and that there are only 9 or 10 spines in its first dorsal fin instead of 11 or more, which is the usual count in the Atlantic mackerel. In most species the mackerel is known to travel in large schools. It is a smaller fish than its better known relatives, growing to a length of about 8 to 14 inches.
Habits.
Chub mackerel school like Atlantic mackerel, and their feeding habits are much the same, eating the same species of pelagic crustaceans and Sagittae that the mackerel had taken at the same time and place, while specimens taken at Woods Hole had dieted chiefly on copepods, to a less extent on amphipods, salps, appendicularians, and young herring. They follow thrown bait as readily and bite quite as greedily as Atlantic mackerel do. Their breeding habits have not been studied. 
Distribution.
Chub mackerel are widespread in the Indo-Pacific. They are absent from the Indian Ocean except for South Africa from KwaZulu-Natal to Western Cape, and are replaced by the closely related Atlantic chub mackerel in the Atlantic. The chub mackerel is widely distributed, usually found in the northwestern, southeastern, and northeastern pacific. In the eastern pacific it can be found anywhere from central Mexico to Southeastern Alaska. The chub mackerel are very abundant south of Point Conception, CA. Chub mackerel are generally found within 20 miles (37 km) off coast in waters between 50 to 72 degrees Fahrenheit (10-22°C). Young mackerels like to live around sandy beaches or kelp beds, while adults are found in deeper waters in shallow banks anywhere up to 1000 feet (300 m) of depth. Chub mackerel school with other pelagic species as well such as other types of mackerels and sardines. During summer chub mackerels like to travel north and south during winter.
Diet.
As larvae, chub mackerel feed mainly on copepods and rotifers and sometimes even smaller larvae of their own kind. Chub mackerel larvae can consume up to 87% of their dry body weight a day. As juveniles, chub mackerel feed mainly of zooplankton. As adults, chub mackerels feed on mysids and euphausids.
Spawning and maturation.
Spawning between chub mackerel typically occurs at temperatures of 59 to 68°F. This in turn, leads to different mating seasons depending on what part of the hemisphere they are located. Chub mackerel females lay an average of about 100,000 to 400,000 eggs during breeding season. The mackerel is constantly competing with other fish for food, meaning survival rate is not ideal. Although maturation of chub mackerel has never been thoroughly documented, data shows that spawning can happen from March through October, but spawning mostly happens from April through August. Sometimes in females, ripe translucent eggs appear simultaneously with unripe ova in early stages of development; this is also seen with the Atlantic mackerel as well.
Defense mechanisms.
The chub mackerel isn’t a predator, so it relies on camouflaging itself in order to stay hidden from its predators. Although it cannot change colors or spray ink like other marine species, it has a dorsal pattern very similar to the light pattern that the waves and sun work together to emit. When in danger they move close to the surface of the water to merge with the flickering light of the sun. From above it is very difficult to spot the chub mackerel, which helps keep it safe from predatory birds. Camouflage and Evasive Behaviour. This is the technique chub mackerel use to stay hidden from their predators, such as sharks, birds, but mainly tuna.
Fisheries.
Known to fisherman as the "hardhead", the chub mackerel is regularly fished and canned for human consumption, pet food, bait, or served fresh. From 1980-89, the recreational catch average in California was 1,462 tons. Since they have begun being fished, the chub mackerel reached its catching peak in 1978 with 3,412,602 tons. Since 1978, the catch ratings have continued to decrease, but picked back up a little in 1995. The ideal method for catching chub mackerel is round-haul gear such as purse seines. By catch is low because nets are placed directly on schools of fish. Chub mackerel are caught all year round, especially between June and November. Chub mackerel can be caught on both sides of North America, but the most important fisheries commercially are in California and Mexico.
As food.
According to nutrition specialists, it is said that the chub mackerel is a very healthy meal. It is a fish that is very high in protein and rich in Omega-3 and unsaturated fatty acids which can prevent cardiovascular disease and cancer as well. Due to its high energy and protein intake, and low carbohydrate value, it is recommended in the diets of growing children and pregnant women. The chub mackerel is a popular dish in Sicilian cuisine, in which it is served in a variety of ways. In the Sicilian culture, the chub mackerel is called a variety of names, "Strummu Ucchiutu", "Varatulu Scrummu", or "Occhiutu". In the kitchen and market, the fish is in the best condition if the meat is firm and the eyes are clear with the colors bright. For the most part it is eaten fresh, but can be seen pickled or frozen. In Sicilian cuisine it is also served filleted and raw, marinated in oil, lemon, salt, and pepper.

</doc>
<doc id="2919766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919766" title="AS/NZS 3112">
AS/NZS 3112

AS/NZS 3112 are the (harmonised) Australian and New Zealand standards for AC Socket Outlets and Plugs.
The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) "world plugs" Web site calls this plug Type I.
Description.
The plug matching the socket outlet pictured on the left, used in Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, Papua New Guinea and many Pacific Island countries, has two flat pins forming an inverted V-shape plus an earthing pin. 
These flat blades measure 6.35 by 1.6 mm with the Active and Neutral pins of 17.35 mm in length set 30° to the vertical on a nominal pitch of 13.7 mm and the Earth pin being 20 mm in length. A standard power outlet in Australia provides a nominal voltage of 230 volts at a maximum of 10 amps and always includes an earth connection. As in the UK, its outlets are individually switched for extra safety. Argentina uses a similar plug, with pins 1 mm longer.
There are unearthed versions of the plug used with this outlet having only the two flat inverted V-aligned pins, without the Earthing pin. Such plugs are only to be used for devices where other safety standards are in use (e.g. double insulation) and these plugs are rated at a maximum of only 7.5 amps. They are not available separately but only integrally with power cords specifically designed for the purpose.
A view of the Wiring Side of a typical dual socket outlet is also shown on the right, together with an annotated view of the mechanism, without the front cover. (One "Rocker" switch has been disassembled to show its operation.)
If required, such dual socket outlets now can be obtained (at additional cost) utilizing insulation displacement as a means of connecting to the supply conductors, as can be seen in the illustration - below right. The benefits claimed for their use in these applications include up to 50 percent faster installation, due to the reduction in the stripping, twisting and screwing down processes.
Variants.
There are several AS/NZS 3112 plug variants, including one with a wider ground pin used for devices drawing up to 15 amperes; sockets supporting this pin will also accept 10 A plugs. There is also a 20 A variant, with all three pins oversized, and 25 and 32 A variants, with the 20 A larger pins and the earthing pin forming an inverted "L" for the 25 A and a horizontal "U" for the 32 A. These sockets accept plugs of equal or of a lower current capacity, but not of higher capacity. For example, a 10 A plug will fit all sockets but a 20 A plug will fit only 20, 25 and 32 A outlets.
A variant of the Australian standard 10 amperes plug has a socket on the back to allow connection of a second appliance to the same outlet. This type of plug is known officially as a "socket adapter plug" but is referred to colloquially as a "piggy-back plug" or, in New Zealand, as a "tap-on" plug. In Australia the plug is now available only as part of a pre-assembled extension cord, or by special order. In New Zealand rewirable PDL 940 "tap-on" plugs are more widely available.
Other versions include a round earth plug with a rating of 10 A, and a 110 V 10 A version that has round active & neutral pins with a flat earth pin.
The active terminal of the Plug is the first pin from the Earth pin in a clockwise direction when viewed from the wiring side. Likewise, it is the first 'socket' from the Earth 'socket' in a clockwise direction when viewing a socket outlet. Care should be taken if Argentinian standards or faulty wiring swaps the active and neutral pins. Care also should be taken with the 10 A version with the round pin as physically compatible, but electrically incompatible NEMA 7–15 connector used for 277 V 15 A connections is encountered in commercial or industrial settings in the Americas.
The Chinese CPCS-CCC (Chinese 10 A/250 V) plugs and sockets are almost identical, differing by only 1mm longer pins and installed "upside down". Note that whilst AS 3112 plugs will physically connect, they may not be electrically compatible to the Chinese 220 V standards.
Originally there was no convention as to the direction of the Earth pin. Often it was facing upwards, as socket outlets in China now do but it could also be downwards or horizontal, in either direction. The pin orientation was codified in the 1950s with the Earth pin required to face downwards (Citation Needed), so that the longer Earth pin will be the last to lose contact if the inserted plug is tugged downwards. If products destined for the Chinese market are exported, the bottom entry plug becomes a top entry plug, and the customer will often take advantage of the situation by suspending the power cord upwards.
Origins.
Australia's standard plug/socket system was originally codified as standard C112 (floated provisionally in 1937, and adopted as a formal standard in 1938), which was superseded by AS 3112 in 1990. An American version was manufactured and used for grounded equipment (like washers in laundry rooms) in the 1940s and early 1950s, and appears to have existed as far back as 1916, shown in US patent 1,179,728. Australian plugs will fit these American outlets perfectly. There's also another American outlet, the NEMA 10-50R, that looks quite similar, but is about 10% larger. 
While in 1937 there was no "Standards Australia" in existence, it was then that the design was adopted as a result of a "Gentlemen's Agreement" between manufacturers Fred Cook of Ring-Grip, Geoffrey Gerard of Gerard Industries and Brian Harper Miller of the State Electricity Commission of Victoria (SECV).
The design was based very closely on the existing American 240 Volt plug and socket outlet design and it seems that the same American design is the reason that Argentina, Uruguay and China are now also using (essentially) the same design. New Zealand also adopted the Australian design, since Australian equipment and many electrical appliances were exported to that country. 
One of the reasons behind the adoption of that particular design was that it was cheap to make; the flat pins could be easily stamped out of sheet brass, in contrast to round pins or thicker rectangular ones used in other countries. This was also a consideration when the Chinese authorities officially adopted the design in relatively recent times, despite the considerable inroads the British plug had made, due to its use in Hong Kong.
The Chinese made one change, however; the earth pin is at the top. This is considered to offer some protection should a conductive object fall between the plug and the socket. 
However, a major update AS/NZS 3112:2000 was released in 2000. This mandated active and neutral insulated pins on the plugs used with these socket outlets by 2005, which somewhat negates any 'advantage' of having the earth pin uppermost. The standard AS/NZS 3112:2004 introduced more stringent testing procedures to test for bending of the pins and subtle changes to the radius of the pin tips. The current version is AS/NZS 3112:2011, "Approval and test specification—Plugs and socket-outlets".
Voltage.
The nominal voltage in most areas of Australia was set at 240V in the 1920s. However, a change began in 1980 with the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) deciding to rationalise the 220V, 230V and 240V nominal voltage levels around the world to a consistent 230V.
This rationalisation was ostensibly made to improve the economics of making appliances by allowing manufacturers to produce a range of items with a rated voltage of 230V. In 2000, Standards Australia issued a system Standard, AS60038, with 230V as the nominal voltage with a +10% to –6% variation at the point of supply. (253 V to 216.2 V)
A new power quality Standard, AS61000.3.100, has recently been released that details requirements additional to the existing systems Standard.
The new Standard stipulates a nominal 230V, and the "allowable" voltage to the customer’s point of supply is, as mentioned, +10% to –6%. However, the "preferred" operating range is +6% to –2%. (243.8 V to 225.4 V) 
Brazil.
In Brazil, this kind of plug is commonly found in high-power appliances like air conditioners, dishwashers, and household ovens. The reasons why they have been (unofficially) adopted for this use may be the robustness and high-current bearing capabilities, the impossibility of inverting phase and neutral pins, or the fact that Argentina, a border country, uses this plug and used to be more developed than Brazil in the past (meaning that people had more access to some kinds of electrical appliances and/or to electricity itself) so there may have been a flux of high-powered appliances from Argentina to Brazil at some point of time.
Nowadays, Brazil has adopted the IEC 60906-1 standard, which prescribes a high-current version, with earth pin and slightly larger pins (4.8 mm instead of 4 mm) that can carry up to 20A. New apparatus has been sold with the new plug, so the tendency is the usage of the "Australian" plug to fade away.

</doc>
<doc id="2919770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919770" title="Bugbear Entertainment">
Bugbear Entertainment

Bugbear Entertainment Ltd. is a Finnish video game company. It was established in March 2000 and had 40 employees . The company focuses solely on various kinds of racing games.

</doc>
<doc id="2919771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919771" title="Frondaria">
Frondaria

Frondaria caulescens is a species of orchid and the sole species of the genus Frondaria. The species is found at high altitudes from central Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. It is unique because of its leaflike sheaths of the ramicauls. 
It is nearly impossible to maintain this species in cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="2919782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919782" title="Florentino Pérez">
Florentino Pérez

Florentino Pérez Rodríguez (; born 8 March 1947) is a Spanish businessman, civil engineer, former politician, and current president of Real Madrid Football Club, as well as ACS. He is most famous for ushering Real Madrid's period of "Los Galácticos", a time where he paid extremely high transfer fees for elite footballers.
Biography.
He attended the Polytechnic University of Madrid.
Pérez joined the Union of the Democratic Centre party in 1979, serving among others on Madrid city council.
In 1986, Pérez ran in the Spanish general elections as candidate for the "Partido Reformista Democrático" (Democratic Reform Party).
In 1993, he was named vice president of OCP Construcciones. After the fusion of OCP with Gines y Navarro into Actividades de Construcción y Servicios, S.A. (ACS) in 1997, he became president of the new company.
Real Madrid.
Florentino Pérez first ran for the presidency of Real Madrid in the 19 February 1995 election. He campaigned on the poor financial situation of the club and the alleged mismanagement by the board extensively, but lost to the incumbent Ramón Mendoza by 700 votes.
First term.
His second attempt was more successful when he took over as president in 2000, beating the current chairman at that time, Lorenzo Sanz. Sanz assumed that the recently won European Cups in 1998 and 2000 would give him enough credit to win the elections, but Pérez's campaign, once again highlighting the financial problems of the club and claims of mismanagement by the previous boards, proved otherwise. Pérez's promise to bring in Luís Figo from arch-rivals FC Barcelona also played a decisive role in the elections. Pérez was reelected in 2004 with 94.2% of the total votes.
Luís Figo also marked the start of Pérez's policy to bring one of the best football players in the world to Real Madrid each season. The strategy was initially known as that of "Zidanes y Pavones" - in which superstars would play alongside the "Canteranos", but the players were soon popularly referred to as "Galácticos". In 2001, Zinedine Zidane was signed from Juventus for a world record transfer fee of €73.5 million. He was followed by Ronaldo in 2002, David Beckham in 2003, Michael Owen in 2004, and Robinho for a short while in 2005. Initially, Pérez's policy worked to great success, because each "Galáctico" built their squads around the player, and had a more proper team balance of attack and defense. In his first years in office, Real Madrid won two Spanish Championships and its record ninth European Cup.
Pérez claimed success in clearing the club's debt; however, this was contradicted by director Ramón Calderón.
After the 2002–03 season, Pérez decided not to renew Vicente del Bosque's contract, despite Real capturing a 29th La Liga title. Del Bosque was able to balance the many different modern player egos in the star studded team. It was widely believed that there was a political split, with del Bosque and his players (Fernando Hierro, Fernando Morientes, Steve McManaman, and Claude Makélélé) on one side, and Pérez on the other. All of the aforementioned players left the club in 2003 in Pérez's shakeup bid to regain control.
In particular, Claude Makélélé, considered one of the best defensive midfielders at the time and a key component to Real's successes, decided to ask for an improved contract with the support of teammates Zidane, Raúl, Steve McManaman, and Fernando Morientes. Up to this time, Makélélé was also one of Real Madrid's most under-paid members, earning a fraction of what was paid to the "Galácticos", but Pérez flatly refused to consider Makélélé's request. Upset, Makélélé handed in a transfer request, whereupon he was promptly dispatched to Chelsea. Pérez infamously poured scorn on Makélélé's footballing abilities and proclaimed that Makélélé would not be missed, saying: "We will not miss Makélélé. His technique is average, he lacks the speed and skill to take the ball past opponents, and 90% of his distribution either goes backwards or sideways."
After Makélélé was sold, Pérez signed a number of high-profile attackers, including Michael Owen, Júlio Baptista, and Robinho, in accordance with his "Galáctico" policy. Unfortunately, all of the "Galáticos" were attacking players, with generally limited defensive roles and abilities, and Pérez failed to adequately replace Makélélé in the holding midfielder's role. Negotiations to sign Patrick Vieira from Arsenal in 2004 failed because of Pérez's refusal to pay high wages for "defensive players".
Several years after leaving Real, McManaman and Morientes stated that Makélélé was the most important and least appreciated midfielder, the latter saying "The loss of Makélélé was the beginning of the end for "Los Galácticos"... You can see that it was also the beginning of a new dawn for Chelsea." From the 2003–04 season onward, with the absence of del Bosque and Makélélé, Real Madrid failed to win a trophy.
Though Pérez's policy resulted in increased financial success based on the exploitation of the club's high marketing potential around the world, especially in Asia, it came under increasing criticism for being focused too much on marketing the Real Madrid brand and not enough on the football.
He announced his resignation on 27 February 2006, acknowledging that the team and the club as a whole needed a new direction.
Second term.
On 14 May 2009, Pérez announced his candidacy for President of Real Madrid in a press conference at the Hotel Ritz Madrid. On 1 June 2009, given that he was the only candidate able to provide the €57,389,000 guarantee necessary to run for the presidency, Pérez was announced as the new president of Real Madrid.
Pérez has continued with the "Galácticos" policy pursued in his first term. On 8 June 2009, he bought Kaká from Milan for just under £60 million. On 11 June, Manchester United accepted an £80 million offer for Cristiano Ronaldo, which would once again break the world record. On 25 June, Pérez and Real Madrid announced the signing of Valencia centre-back Raúl Albiol for €15 million. On 1 July, Pérez bought Karim Benzema from Olympique Lyonnais for at least £30 million and could rise to £35 million, depending on his success.
On 5 August 2009, Real Madrid confirmed the signing of Xabi Alonso from Liverpool for £30 million, becoming the second Liverpool player to join Real Madrid in the same transfer window after full-back Álvaro Arbeloa's £3.5 million switch to the Santiago Bernabéu in July.
On 31 May 2010, Florentino Pérez presented José Mourinho as new coach of Real Madrid for £6.8M.
During the next three years he brought a lot of new faces to "Los Blancos", including the German wonderkid Mesut Özil and Ángel di María, who attracted attention from Europe's elite football clubs, during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
On Sunday 2 June 2013, Pérez was awarded a fourth term as the Real Madrid President, bringing Carlo Ancelotti to replace Mourinho.
Signings.
Players marked in bold are currently in the team.
The ranks are arranged according to the player prices in Euro.

</doc>
<doc id="2919783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919783" title="Hans Ritter von Seisser">
Hans Ritter von Seisser

Colonel Hans Ritter von Seisser (German "Seißer"; 9 December 1874 – 14 April 1973) was the head of the Bavarian State Police in 1923. 
In September 1923, following a period of turmoil and political violence, Prime Minister Eugen von Knilling declared martial law and appointed Gustav von Kahr, "Staatskomissar" (state commissioner), with dictatorial powers. Together with Seisser, and Reichswehr General Otto von Lossow, they formed a right-wing triumvirate in Bavaria. 
That year, many right-wing groups wanted to emulate Mussolini's "March on Rome" by a "March on Berlin". Among these were the wartime General Erich Ludendorff and also the Nazi (NSDAP) group, led by Adolf Hitler. Hitler decided to try to seize power in what was later known as the "Hitler Putsch" or Beer Hall Putsch. Hitler and Ludendorff sought the support of the "triumvirate". However, Kahr, Seisser and Lossow had their own plan to install a nationalist dictatorship without Hitler.
Hitler was determined to act before the appeal of his agitation waned. So on November 8, 1923, Hitler and the SA stormed a public meeting of 3,000 people which had been organized by Kahr in the Bürgerbräukeller, a large beer hall in Munich. Hitler interrupted Kahr's speech and announced that the national revolution had begun, declaring the formation of a new government with Ludendorff. While waving his gun around, Hitler demanded the support of Kahr, Seisser and Lossow. Hitler's forces initially succeeded at occupying the local Reichswehr and police headquarters; however, neither the army nor the state police joined forces with Hitler. Kahr, Seisser and Lossow were briefly detained but then released. The men quickly withdrew their support and fled to join the opposition to Hitler.
The following day, Hitler and his followers marched from the beer hall to the Bavarian War Ministry to overthrow the Bavarian government on their "March on Berlin", but the police dispersed them. Sixteen NSDAP members and four police officers were killed in the failed coup.
References.
Vincent, C. Paul (1997). "Historical Dictionary of Germany's Weimar Republic, 1918-1933", Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, p. 443.

</doc>
<doc id="2919794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919794" title="Fässbergs IF">
Fässbergs IF

Fässbergs IF is a Swedish football club, founded in 1916. They are based in Mölndal, near Gothenburg. The team won the Svenska Mästerskapet in 1924.
Background.
Fässbergs IF was formed on 24 April 1916 by the Krokslätts IK, Mölndals IS and IK Celtic clubs. Historically, the first team has usually played in Division III and IV of the Swedish football league system. The club's greatest achievement was way back in 1924 when they won the Svenska Mästerskapet by beating IK Sirius 5-0 in the final. This was the last time that the Swedish Championship was played as a cup competition. The club were not permitted to join the Allsvenskan for 1924/25. The club currently plays in Division 2 Västra Götaland (2013), which is the fourth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Åbyvallen in Mölndal.
Fässbergs IF have approximately 500 members. The club are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund. Fässberg Parish covers most of the town of Mölndal.
Attendances.
In recent seasons Fässbergs IF have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="2919797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919797" title="Man Parrish">
Man Parrish

Man Parrish (born Manuel Joseph Parrish, May 6, 1958) is an American composer, songwriter, vocalist and producer. He, along with artists such as Yellow Magic Orchestra, Kraftwerk, Art of Noise, Arthur Baker, Afrika Bambaataa, John Robie, Jellybean Benitez and Aldo Marin, helped create and define electro in the early 1980s.
Biography.
A native New Yorker of Italian descent, Parrish was a member of the extended family that converged nightly at Studio 54. His nickname, Man, first appeared in Andy Warhol's "Interview" magazine, and his early live shows at Bronx hip-hop clubs were spectacles of lights, glitter, and pyrotechnics, which drew as much from the Warhol mystique as the Cold Crush Brothers.
His premier release was "Hip Hop, Be Bop (Don’t Stop)" issued in 1982, which was featured in the film "Shaun of the Dead", the video game "", and was sampled in Sway & King Tech's 1991 song "Follow 4 Now" from their second album "Concrete Jungle." He eventually signed with Elektra Records but was dropped from the label in 1984 when it decided not to release the album he had recorded for it.
As of the 2010s, Parrish is on Pink Biscuit Records and was scheduled to release a record via Southern Fried Records, the label owned by Fatboy Slim.

</doc>
<doc id="2919798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919798" title="Dover's powder">
Dover's powder

Dover's powder was a traditional medicine against cold and fever developed by Thomas Dover. It is no longer in use in modern medicine, but may have been in use at least through the 1960s.
A 1958 source describes Dover's Powder as follows:
"Powder of Ipecacuanha and Opium ("B.P.", "Egyp. P.", "Ind. P."). Pulv. Ipecac. et Opii; Ipecac and Opium Powder ("U.S.N.F."); Dover's Powder; Compound Ipecacuanha Powder. Prepared ipecacuanha, 10 g., powdered opium 10 g., lactose 80 g. It contains 1% of anhydrous morphine. "Dose:" 320 to 640 mg. (5 to 10 grains). Many foreign pharmacies include a similar powder, sometimes with potassium sulphate or with equal parts of potassium nitrate and potassium sulphate in place of lactose; "max. single dose" 1 to 1.5 g. and max. in 24 hours 4 to 6 g."
Named from Doctor Thomas Dover, an English physician of the eighteenth century who first prepared it, the powder was an old preparation of powder of ipecacuanha (which was formerly used to produce syrup of ipecac), opium in powder, and potassium sulfate. The powder was largely used in domestic practice to induce sweating, to defeat the advance of a "cold" and at the beginning of any attack of fever. It was also known by the name "pulvis ipecacuanhae et opii".
To obtain the greatest benefits from its use as a sudorific, it was recommended that copious drafts of some warm and harmless drink be ingested after the use of the powder.
The following excerpt from a report penned by a doctor, Doctor Sharp, employed in the British naval service in the West Indies, in this case, in Trinidad, in 1818, illustrates its use. He writes : 
At this period, thirty cases of acute dysentery also occurred amongst them and although nineteen of the number were men who arrived in the island from Europe on the 1st and 12th of June, yet, the symptoms even in them were equally as mild as in the assimilated soldier, and the disease yielded to the common remedies – viz – bleeding when the state of the vascular system appeared to indicate the use of it, but in general, saline purgatives in small and repeated quantities were only necessary with small doses at bed time, of calomel and opium, infusion of ipecacuanha or Dover’s powder, and this with tonics, moderate use of port wine and a light farinaceous diet generally and speedily accomplished a perfect case.
Ban.
Dover's powder was banned in India in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2919807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919807" title="Spent fuel pool">
Spent fuel pool

Spent fuel pools (SFP) are storage pools for spent fuel from nuclear reactors. They are typically 40 or more feet (12 m) deep, with the bottom 14 feet (4.3 m) equipped with storage racks designed to hold fuel assemblies removed from the reactor. A reactor's pool is specially designed for the reactor in which the fuel was used and situated at the reactor site. In many countries, the fuel assemblies, after being in the reactor for 3 to 6 years, are stored underwater for 10 to 20 years before being sent for reprocessing or dry cask storage. The water cools the fuel and provides shielding from radiation.
While only about 20 feet (6.1 m) of water is needed to keep radiation levels below acceptable levels, the extra depth provides a safety margin and allows fuel assemblies to be manipulated without special shielding to protect the operators.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission estimates that many of the nuclear power plants in the United States will be out of room in their spent fuel pools by 2015, most likely requiring the use of temporary storage of some kind.
Operation.
About a quarter to a third of the total fuel load of a reactor is removed from the core every 12 to 24 months and replaced with fresh fuel. Spent fuel rods generate intense heat and dangerous radiation that must be contained. Fuel is moved from the reactor and manipulated in the pool generally by automated handling systems, although some manual systems are still in use. The fuel bundles fresh from the core are normally segregated for several months for initial cooling before being sorted into other parts of the pool to wait for final disposal. Metal racks keep the fuel in controlled positions for physical protection and for ease of tracking and rearrangement. High-density racks also incorporate boron-10 or other neutron-absorbing material to ensure subcriticality. Water quality is tightly controlled to prevent the fuel or its cladding from degrading. Current regulations in the United States permit re-arranging of the spent rods so that maximum efficiency of storage can be achieved.
The maximum temperature of the spent fuel bundles decreases significantly between 2 and 4 years, and less from 4 to 6 years. The fuel pool water is continuously cooled to remove the heat produced by the spent fuel assemblies. Pumps circulate water from the spent fuel pool to heat exchangers, then back to the spent fuel pool. The water temperature in normal operating conditions is held below 50°C (120°F)[http://www.usainc.org/members/index.html?organization_id=47198]. Radiolysis, the dissociation of molecules by radiation, is of particular concern in wet storage, as water may be split by residual radiation and hydrogen gas may accumulate increasing the risk of explosions. For this reason the air in the room of the pools, as well as the water, must be continually monitored and treated.
Other possible configurations.
Rather than manage the pool's inventory to minimize the possibility of continued fission activity, China is building a 200 MWt nuclear reactor to run on used fuel from nuclear power stations to generate process heat for district heating and desalination. Essentially an SFP operated as a deep pool-type reactor; it will operate at atmospheric pressure, which will reduce the engineering requirements for safety.
Other research envisions a similar low-power reactor using spent fuel where instead of limiting the production of hydrogen by radiolysis, it is encouraged by the addition of catalysts and ion scavengers to the cooling water. This hydrogen would then be removed to use as fuel.
Risks.
If there is a prolonged interruption of cooling due to emergency situations, the water in the spent fuel pools may boil off, possibly resulting in radioactive elements being released into the atmosphere.
In the magnitude 9 earthquake which struck the Fukushima nuclear plants in March 2011, three of the spent fuel pools were in buildings that lost the roof and were seen to be emitting water vapor. The US NRC wrongly stated that the pool at reactor 4 had boiled dry — this was denied at the time by the Japanese and found to be incorrect in subsequent inspection and data examination.
According to nuclear plant safety specialists, the chances of criticality in a spent fuel pool are very small, usually avoided by the dispersal of the fuel assemblies, inclusion of a neutron absorber in the storage racks and overall by the fact that the spent fuel has too low an enrichment level to self-sustain a fission reaction. They also state that if the water covering the spent fuel evaporates, there is no element to enable a chain reaction by moderating neutrons. 
According to Dr. Kevin Crowley of the Nuclear and Radiation Studies Board, "successful terrorist attacks on spent fuel pools, though difficult, are possible. If an attack leads to a propagating zirconium cladding fire, it could result in the release of large amounts of radioactive material." The Nuclear Regulatory Commission after the September 11, 2001 attacks required American nuclear plants "to protect with high assurance" against specific threats involving certain numbers and capabilities of assailants. Plants were also required to "enhance the number of security officers" and to improve "access controls to the facilities".

</doc>
<doc id="2919811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919811" title="Eaten Back to Life">
Eaten Back to Life

Eaten Back to Life is the debut album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released on August 17, 1990, through Metal Blade Records. The album was banned in Germany—censored versions of the album were not available, but the ban was revoked in June 2006—and other countries because of the violent cover and the extreme nature of the lyrics. Glen Benton of Deicide and Francis H. Howard of Opprobrium (then known as Incubus) perform back-up vocals on "Mangled" and "A Skull Full of Maggots".
The following statement can be found in the inlay of this album: "This album is dedicated to the memory of Alferd Packer, the first American cannibal (R.I.P.)".
This album has stronger influences of thrash metal than their future releases, as well as a slightly varied vocal style. Their trademark style wasn't present until their following release, "Butchered at Birth".
The remastered version includes a video of "Born in a Casket (Live)" as well as a less saturated cover color, a new text scheme for the title, and the Fisher-era Cannibal Corpse text scheme.
Track listing.
All song lyrics were written by Chris Barnes, except where noted. Music by Cannibal Corpse. 

</doc>
<doc id="2919815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919815" title="Army Group Vistula">
Army Group Vistula

Army Group Vistula () was an Army Group of the "Wehrmacht", formed on January 24, 1945. It was put together from elements of Army Group A (shattered in the Soviet Vistula-Oder Offensive), Army Group Centre (similarly largely destroyed in the East Prussian Offensive), and a variety of new or ad hoc formations. It was formed to protect Berlin from the Soviet armies advancing from the Vistula River.
Establishment and history.
Heinz Guderian had originally urged the creation of a new army group as an essentially defensive measure to fill the gap opening in German defences between the lower Vistula and the lower Oder. 
The new Army Group Vistula was duly formed from an assortment of rebuilt, new and existing units. Guderian intended to propose Field-Marshal Maximilian von Weichs as commander. However, in a reflection of Hitler's desire to transfer control of the conflict from the "Wehrmacht" to the SS, Heinrich Himmler was appointed. Himmler, who lacked any real military knowledge, proved inadequate to the task; General Gotthard Heinrici replaced Himmler as commander of Army Group Vistula on 20 March, subsequent to its participation in the German offensive codenamed Operation Solstice and the following defence against the Soviet East Pomeranian Offensive.
Other than Operation Solstice, the Army Group's only offensive action was a disastrous attempt to relieve the fortress of Kustrin late in March 1945, during which the subordinate XXXIX Panzer Corps took heavy casualties.
Under the command of Heinrici, parts of the army group fought through the Battle of Berlin and Battle of Halbe, with some of its elements not surrendering until the end of the war in Europe on 8 May 1945. Army Group Vistula's strength was in the region of 500,000 troops; in general, the army group was poorly equipped, many of its units being little more than the 'paper' formations typical of the German military at the end of World War II. Indeed, when first set up it was found that the army group lacked many essential facilities, such as proper maps or a headquarters signals detachment - the sole means of communication being Himmler's private telephone.
Organisation.
The Army Group was originally formed from:
During the East Pomeranian Offensive, the Second Army was finally cut off from the remainder of the army group and withdrew into Danzig, where it was eventually destroyed. The rest of Army Group Vistula was forced west of the Oder, though the Third Panzer Army retained a small bridgehead at Altdamm until the middle of March. 
Towards the end of April, the Twenty-First Army (itself formed around the remnants of the Fourth Army, which had been destroyed in the Heiligenbeil Cauldron) was added to Army Group Vistula.

</doc>
<doc id="2919817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919817" title="Pedro de Ribadeneira">
Pedro de Ribadeneira

Pedro de Ribadeneira (1 November 1527 – 10 September or 22 September 1611) was a Spanish hagiologist.
Life.
He was born at Toledo, Spain. His father, Alvaro Ortiz de Cisneros, was the son of Pedro Gonzales Cedillo and grandson of Hernando Ortiz de Cisneros, whom Ferdinand IV had honoured with the governorship of Toledo and important missions.
As a lad, Pedro de Ribadeneira repaired to Rome for study, and there on 18 September 1540 was admitted by Ignatius of Loyola, in his thirteenth year, as one of the Society of Jesus, which had not yet received papal sanction. He pursued his studies at Universities of Paris, Leuven, and Padua (1542) in philosophy and theology.
He was ordered in November, 1549, to go to Palermo, to profess rhetoric at the new college which the Society had just opened in that city. He filled this chair for two years and a half, devoting his leisure time to visiting and consoling the sick in the hospitals. Meanwhile St. Ignatius was negotiating the creation of the German College which was to give Germany a chosen clergy as remarkable for virtue and orthodoxy as for learning: his efforts were soon successful, and during the autumn of 1552 he called on the talent and eloquence of the young professor of rhetoric at Palermo. Ribadeneira amply fulfilled the expectations of his master and delivered the inaugural address amid the applause of an august assembly of prelates and Roman nobles. He was ordained priest 8 December 1553 (Epp. mixtæ, III, 179); during the twenty-one years which followed he constantly filled the most important posts in the government of his order.
Loyola, in 1555, sent him on a mission to Belgium; in pursuance of it he visited England in 1558. A later result of his visit was his "Historia Ecclesiastica del scisma del Reyno de Inglaterra" (1588–1594), often reprinted, and used in later editions of Nicholas Sander's "De Origine et Progressu Schismatis Anglicani". On 25 November 1556 he left Belgium and reached Rome on 3 February 1557, setting out again on 17 October for Flanders. His sojourn in the Low Countries was interrupted for five months (November 1558 to March 1559); this period he spent in London, having been summoned there on account of the sickness of Mary Tudor, Queen of England, which ended in her death.
In 1560 he was made Provincial of the Society of Jesus in Tuscany, then transferred as Provincial to Sicily in 1563, again employed in Flanders. The accession of Father Everard Mercurian as general of the order brought a great change to Ribadeneira. His health being much impaired, he was ordered to Spain (1571), preferably to Toledo, his native town, to recuperate. This was a dreadful blow to the poor invalid, a remedy worse than the disease. He obeyed, but had been scarcely a year in his native land when he began to importune his general by letter to permit him to return to Italy. These solicitations continued for several years. In 1574 he settled in Madrid, where he died on 10 September or 22 September 1611.
Works.
His most important work is the "Life of Loyola" (1572), which he was the first to write. In his first edition of the Life, as also in the second enlarged issue (1587), Ribadeneira affirmed that Loyola had wrought no miracle, except the foundation of his Society (thus making his claim parallel with that of Muhammad, whose only miracle, originally, was the Koran). In the process for the canonization of Loyola, a narrative published by Ribadeneira in 1609 asserted that miracles had occurred; and these are recorded in an abridgment of the "Life by Ribadeneira" (published posthumously in 1612) with a statement by Ribadeneira that he had known of them in 1572 but was not then satisfied of their proof. For this change of opinion he is taken to task by Pierre Bayle. That Ribadeneira was, though an able, a very credulous writer, is shown by his lives of the successors of Loyola in the generalship of the Society, Diego Lainez and Francis Borgia; and especially by his "Flos Sanctorum "(1599–1610), a collection of saints' lives, entirely superseded by the labors of the Bollandists. His other works are numerous but of little moment, including his "Tratado de la religion" (1595), intended as a refutation of Niccolò Machiavelli's "The Prince".

</doc>
<doc id="2919820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919820" title="Alıp">
Alıp

Alıp ("Alp") is a Turkic term referring for

</doc>
<doc id="2919821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919821" title="JRC">
JRC

JRC is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings, as described below:

</doc>
<doc id="2919824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919824" title="Alpawıt">
Alpawıt

Alpawıt ("Alpağıt") is an ancient Turkic term, that had a similar meaning with "batır" and probably was derived from "alıp". In 6th-13th centuries alpawıt was a chief of military units, especially of guard. In Khanate of Kazan and Qasim Khanate this term was used for the highest military rank. But since 16th-17th centuries Tatars used this term for their landowners.

</doc>
<doc id="2919828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919828" title="Bahadur">
Bahadur

Bahadur (, is the Persian form of Baghatur, a Mongol term for "warrior"; it literally means brave. It is intrinsic to the Urdu / Hindi language in South Asian Subcontinent. It is a popular first name for Muslims particularly among the Pashtuns and other Afghans. It is also common among various South-Asian communities especially in Nepal. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919832" title="Ngô Viết Thụ">
Ngô Viết Thụ

Ngô Viết Thụ (17 September 1927 – 3 September 2000) was a Vietnamese architect.
Ngô Viết Thụ was born on 17 September 1927 in Thừa Thiên, French Indochina. He married Võ Thị Cơ and had eight children, one of whom, Dr. Ngô Viết Nam Sơn, is also an architect and planner, working both in the United States and in Vietnam.
He studied architecture at the "École supérieure d'architecture" in Đà Lạt, before transferring to study at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He graduated and won the First Grand Prize of Rome (Grand Prix de Rome) in 1955, the highest recognition of Beaux-Arts schools for an architect in France. From 1955 to 1958, he became resident at the Villa Medicis (Rome), sponsored by the Academy of France, to conduct research of architecture and urban planning. During that time, his research works were exhibited annually, together with the works of other Grand Prix de Rome's residents, with the presence of the President of France and President of Italy on opening days. After working on several projects in Paris and in London, he was invited by President Ngô Đình Diệm to get back to Vietnam to work on national projects since 1960.
In 1962, he was the first Asian architect to become an Honorary Fellow of the American Institute of Architects. He designed the Independence Palace (also known as the Presidential Palace, 1961–66, later renamed Reunification Palace, on 30 April 1975) in Hồ Chí Minh City, Huế University's campus (1961–63), Atomic Research Center at Đà Lạt (1962–1965), Thủ Đức University Campus (1962), Hương Giang 1 Hotel in Huế (1962), Phủ Cam Cathedral (1963), the Air Vietnam Headquarters (1972), the Agriculture University in Thủ Đức (1975), Sông Bé Hospital (1985), Century Hotel in Huế (1990). He had associated with international architects in the design of University of Medicine of Saigon (Chief of Vietnamese Team, associating with CRS from Houston), International Art Center in Paris (collaborating with architects Paul Tournon and Olivier Clément Cacoub). Aside from being an architect, he was an innovative painter. Two of his most famous paintings were "National Landscape" (displayed at the main dining room of the Independence Palace) and "Speed" (private collection). 
Death.
Ngô Viết Thụ died on 3 September 2000 in Saigon, aged 72.

</doc>
<doc id="2919843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919843" title="Judy Greer">
Judy Greer

Judy Greer (born Judith Therese Evans; July 20, 1975) is an American actress, and author, best known for portraying a string of supporting characters, including Kitty Sanchez on the Fox/Netflix series "Arrested Development" and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series "Archer". Greer has had a supporting role in a number of romantic comedy films, including "The Wedding Planner", "13 Going on 30", "27 Dresses" and "Love and Other Drugs". She also had a supporting role in the 2011 film "The Descendants". In 2011, Greer began hosting an online series of workout videos called "Reluctantly Healthy". 2014 saw the publication of her first book, "I Don't Know What You Know Me From: Confessions of a Co-Star".
Early life.
Greer was born in Detroit, Michigan on July 20, 1975 to Rich Evans, a mechanical engineer, and Mollie Ann Evans (née Greer), a hospital administrator and former nun. An only child, she grew up in Redford Township and Livonia. She was raised Catholic. Greer attended Churchill High School and Bunny Sanford's School of Dance in Livonia. In 1997 she graduated from The Theatre School at DePaul University.
Career.
Greer had a recurring role on the Fox comedy series "Arrested Development" (2003–2005, 2013), playing Kitty Sanchez in 10 episodes total and appearing in each of the series' three original seasons. In an August 2009 interview, Greer said that she is most recognized for this role.
She had supporting roles in "Jawbreaker" (1999), "The Wedding Planner" (2001), "Adaptation" (2002), "13 Going on 30" (2004), "The Village" (2004), "Elizabethtown" (2005), "27 Dresses" (2008), and "Love Happens" (2009).
Greer has made guest appearances on "Just Shoot Me!" (2003), "" (2005), "My Name Is Earl" (2006), "Two and a Half Men" (2007), "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (2007), "Californication" (2007–2008, 2012), "ER" (2009), "House" (2009), "Modern Family" (2010), "The Big Bang Theory" (2010), "How I Met Your Mother" (2010), and "Warren the Ape" (2010). She took on a starring role in the ABC sitcom "Miss Guided" (2008), but it was canceled in its first season. She also starred in the indie satire "Visioneers" (2008).
In April 2008, Greer appeared as a yoga instructor in the "Get a Mac" ad series alongside John Hodgman and Justin Long.
Greer starred in a CBS sitcom entitled "Mad Love", which premiered in February 2011 as a midseason replacement 2010–2011. The show was canceled after the first season.
Greer is also a voice actor, voicing the character of Cheryl on the animated comedy series "Archer", a character which has been compared to her role on "Arrested Development", and the character of Wendy Park on the stop-motion animated sitcom "Glenn Martin, DDS".
Greer currently portrays Bridget Schmidt, Walden Schmidt (Ashton Kutcher)'s ex-wife on "Two and a Half Men". She previously played Myra, a love interest for Charlie Sheen's character, Charlie Harper, and the sister of Herb Melnick, Ryan Stiles' character, on two episodes of the show in 2007.
In November 2011, Greer was honored with the John Cassavetes Independent Spirit Award at the Denver Film Festival, where two films featuring Greer were in the festival's programming, including a red carpet screening of Alexander Payne's "The Descendants" and the Jay and Mark Duplass' "Jeff, Who Lives at Home". She is the first actress to be honored with the award. She was announced as female chimp Cornelia in the upcoming sequel "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes". She also played gym teacher Miss Desjardin in the 2013 film adaptation, "Carrie", starring alongside Chloë Grace Moretz and Julianne Moore. In April 2014, Greer joined the cast for "Jurassic World".
In 2014, Greer made her directorial debut, with a short film for AOL, "Quiet Time".
Greer stars alongside Nat Faxon in the upcoming FX comedy series "Married", set to begin airing on July 17, 2014.
Personal life.
Greer is married to Dean E. Johnsen, an executive producer of "Real Time with Bill Maher".
In 2014, Greer told "Glamour", "I had been wanting to try and learn how to meditate, and I did research on the different types of meditation. TM seemed the easiest, and I liked that it wasn’t religious in any way."

</doc>
<doc id="2919845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919845" title="Elizium">
Elizium

Elizium is the third studio album by English gothic rock band Fields of the Nephilim. It was released in October 1990, through record label Beggars Banquet.
Background.
Using sensational spelling, the album was named after Elysium.
The intro for the third song of the album, "At the Gates of Silent Memory", features spoken lines by Aleister Crowley. The lines are excerpts from Crowley's poem "At Sea", recorded in 1920.
Release.
"Elizium" peaked at number 22 in the UK albums chart.
Critical reception.
AllMusic called "Elizium" "the band's best all-around album".

</doc>
<doc id="2919846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919846" title="Banana boat (food)">
Banana boat (food)

A banana boat is a traditional campfire treat consisting of a banana cut lengthwise and stuffed with marshmallow and chocolate, then wrapped in aluminium foil and cooked in the embers left over from a campfire. Sometimes the banana boat is topped with caramel sauce prior to cooking.

</doc>
<doc id="2919849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919849" title="List of Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée liqueurs and spirits">
List of Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée liqueurs and spirits

The following is a list of French liqueurs and spirits that are entitled to use the designation Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) on their label.
The majority are brandies and eaux-de-vie forming part of the Cognac and Armagnac appellations. Additional appellations cover apple-based cider, pommeau and Calvados, and the rums of Martinique.
See also List of Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée wines.

</doc>
<doc id="2919859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919859" title="Magnetospirillum">
Magnetospirillum

Magnetospirillum is a Gram-negative, microaerophilic genus of magnetotactic bacterium, first isolated from pond water by the microbiologist R. P. Blakemore in 1975. It is characterized by a spirillar, or helical, morphology. It is also a motile bacterium owing to the presence of a polar flagellum at each end. Four species have been described: "Magnetospirillum magnetotacticum strain MS-1" (originally classified as "Aquaspirillum magnetotacticum";) "Magnetospirillum magneticum strain AMB-1"; "Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense"; and "Magnetospirillum bellicus".
The typical habitat of "Magnetospirillum" consists of shallow fresh water and sediments, characterized by low concentrations of oxygen for growth (microaerophilic) where it lives in the upper portion of the sediment (oxic/anoxic interface). It prefers an oxygen gradient of approximately 1–3%.
Probably the most peculiar characteristic of "Magnetospirillum" is its capacity to orient itself according to Earth's magnetic field, an ability which has been named magnetotaxis. This is achieved through the presence into the bacterium's cytoplasm of special organelles called magnetosomes. "Magnetospirillum" also resorts to aerotaxis, in order to remain in favourable O2 concentration conditions. When the bacteria ingest iron, proteins inside their bodies interact with it to produce tiny crystals of the mineral magnetite, the most magnetic mineral on Earth.
Purification of magnetosomes is accomplished by use of a magnetic separation column after disruption of the cell membrane. If a detergent is used on purified magnetosomes, they tend to agglomerate rather than staying in chain form.
Due to the high quality of the single-domain magnetic crystals there is also a commercial interest in the
bacteria. The crystals are thought to have the potential to produce magnetic tapes and magnetic target drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="2919865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919865" title="League of Diet Members Carry Through the Holy War">
League of Diet Members Carry Through the Holy War

The League of Diet Members Carry Through the Holy War(聖戦貫徹議員連盟) was set up by a group of the Diet of Japan on March 25, 1940, in support of the Japanese Army in pursuing the Second Sino-Japanese War. It was disbanded on June 11, 1940.
This temporary grouping was launched in 1940, under Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoye, to give political support. This "initiative" also was a reaction against questioning of the government, and its aggressive policies on the Chinese mainland, in a speech by Saitō Takao, of the "Rikken Minseito" Party.
The official establishment took measures, including setting up this group, and attempted to censor public "doubting". The speaker was censured in Parliament, and expelled from the chamber (and from his own party), to make an example.
Its membership comprised a of total 450 active members in the House of Representatives of Parliament. They represented all political parties of the period. This grouping pushed for its members to be considered as "loyal" politicians in the militarists cause, differing from Saito, who was considered a traitor to nation and the real values of the country.
The grouping published an open declaration: "We welcome the four years of sacred campaigning, in which the gallant actions of our soldiers, with the zeal and support of the people on the home front, have aimed to deliver a fatal blow to the corrupt Chiang Kai-shek regime, and have created within the Chinese masses a sentiment in favour of Japan and desires of peace"

</doc>
<doc id="2919868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919868" title="Jamie Mitchell">
Jamie Mitchell

Jamie Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Jack Ryder, who makes his first appearance on 9 November 1998. Ryder decided to leave in 2002, and his final episode aired Christmas Day 2002, when Jamie is killed off.
Jamie's main storylines involve his on and off relationship with Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy). Their relationship faces much backlash after Sonia, gives birth to Chloe (Jade Sharif) at the age of 15, which is Martin Fowler's (James Alexandrou), with whom she was with before she met Jamie and when Jamie has sex with Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan), along with many other problems. Another storyline that Jamie is involved in is his relationship with uncle Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick), who used to beat him on a regular basis, though later forgives him.
One other major storyline is after his second cousin once removed and godfather, Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), takes him in after finding out what Billy does to him. Phil then beats him sometime later which prompted thirty-one complaints to the Broadcasting Standards Commission. Towards the end of his time on "EastEnders" he gets engaged to Sonia, but gets run over by Martin and dies in hospital on Christmas Day of spleen damage.
When Ryder decided to quit his role, executive producer John Yorke said that the 'door would be left open' for Jamie to return, though when Yorke was succeeded by Louise Berridge, the decision was made to kill Jamie off. The decision was highly criticized, and Ryder said it was a shock for him, but said that if he hadn't been killed off, he would have not returned anyway. In 1999 he was nominated three times for 'Best Newcomer' and for his exit storyline he was nominated for 'Best Exit', in 2003, at the The British Soap Awards, but did not win.
Storylines.
Jamie arrives in Walford after the death of his father, Charlie. His second cousin once removed and godfather, Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), takes him in after realising Jamie's uncle and caretaker, Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick), used to beat him on a regular basis. Jamie becomes Phil's surrogate son, replacing Ben Mitchell (Morgan Whittle), and he stands up to Billy, at one point battering him when Billy tries to beat him up. Billy softens and changes his whole character, and Jamie learns to forgive him.
Jamie starts a relationship with Sonia Jackson (Natalie Cassidy), his first true love, after losing his virginity to Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks), who humiliates him by spreading rumours about his inadequate prowess in bed. A few months into the relationship, Sonia gives birth to Chloe at just 15 years of age. The child is Martin Fowler's (James Alexandrou), with whom she had sex before she met Jamie, but she was unaware that she was pregnant. Chloe is put up for adoption, and it is a blow to Jamie and Sonia's relationship. 
The relationship survives Sonia's obsession with Chloe (now renamed Rebecca), and after she kidnaps her, Jamie proposes and she accepts, but he sleeps with Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan), who has been pursuing him for a while. He and Sonia consequently split up, but after Phil disowns him and beats him for letting Lisa Shaw (Lucy Benjamin) run off to Portugal with his daughter, Louise, it is Sonia who nurses him back to health, and they get engaged again, leaving her boyfriend, Gus Smith (Mohammed George), heart-broken, as he had also planned to propose. However, Martin accidentally runs over Jamie outside the tube station, and Jamie dies in hospital on Christmas Day of spleen damage, with Sonia by his side.
Development.
The "EastEnders" website describes Jamie as vulnerable, gorgeous, beautiful, a stud, and "the Square's ultimate bit of cockney totty in the late nineties", with "floppy, David Beckham styled locks". Perry Fenwick, who plays Billy, said that they used to call Ryder a "mini David Beckham". In 2003, after Jamie's death, it was reported that a whodunit-style storyline would take place, involving a female character getting pregnant. The possibilities were Sonia carrying Jamie's baby, Kat Moon (Jessie Wallace) being pregnant by Anthony Trueman (Nicholas Bailey) or Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf), (later Danniella Westbrook), having Trevor Morgan's (Alex Ferns) child. It was later revealed that Kat was pregnant.
Departure.
Ryder's decision to quit was announced in March 2002, on which he stated, "I have decided to leave "EastEnders "after four fantastic years to pursue other projects. It has not been an easy decision but I felt it was time for me to build on the experience the show has given me and play other parts. "EastEnders" gave me the best opportunity a young actor could have dreamed of and I will always be grateful to them for that." "EastEnders" executive producer John Yorke commented, "Jack has made a big contribution to "EastEnders" playing the much loved Jamie Mitchell. "We will be very sad to see him go but we wish him all the best for his future." It was said that Ryder would leave in November 2002 at the end of his contract, and Yorke said he would appear in episodes until February 2003. The "News of the World" then reported that Jamie would be killed off in a car accident at Christmas. Yorke wanted Ryder to be able to return, but when he was succeeded by Louise Berridge, the decision was made to kill Jamie off and that a Christmas death would be "gripping". An "EastEnders" crew member told the newspaper that other members of the cast were shocked that Jamie would be killed as Ryder was popular. They went on to say that " thought it was all amicable but he's bewildered by the whole affair. It's complete madness because he's the one all the girls love and attracts a huge young following. Who's left who's sexy?" Speaking of his departure he told the "Daily Mirror", "I was a bit shocked by their decision. When I said he was going to leave, they said they would keep the door open. Then Louise took over as producer and they said they wanted a good exit. It didn't really matter either way to me. I wasn't planning on coming back. At the end of the day, it's their choice. They hired me. Jamie was always having an affair or another fight with Phil and I didn't want to be in a soap for the rest of my life."
Reception.
The October 2002 episode that showed Jamie badly beaten by Phil prompted thirty-one complaints to the Broadcasting Standards Commission, who felt that although the scene was short, it was too violent for the time of broadcast. The episode that saw Jamie get run over was watched by 12 million people, while the hour-long episode in which he dies attracted 16 million viewers and was named by the "Metro" as one of the top five "EastEnders" exits in June 2010. 
In July 2011, BBC aired an "EastEnders" special called "EastEnders Greatest Exits". It showed the best departures in the shows history, with Jamie's death being one of them. Jamie's death was called "tragic", and McFadden said, "to see a young man losing his life was one of those tragic moments that this show pulls of really well." Charlie Brooks said, "it was heartbreaking for the nation" and Fenwick described Jamie's last episode as "very sad". Finally, Joe Swash said, ""EastEnders" is really good at bringing you back down to earth with bump. You celebrate one thing and mourn poor old Jamie's death. Not only that but there was probably about 25 million girls out there, breaking their hearts because they all loved Jack Ryder".
Accolades.
In 1999 at the "The British Soap Awards" Ryder was nominated for 'Best Newcomer' though lost out to fellow "EastEnders" star Tamzin Outhwaite (Melanie Owen) The same year he was nominated for Most Popular Newcomer at the "National Television Awards", but again did not win, as well as 'Best Newcomer' again at the TVChoice Awards, awarded by "TV Choice" magazine, this time winning. In 2003, at the "The British Soap Awards" he was nominated for 'Best Exit', but did not win.

</doc>
<doc id="2919874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919874" title="Frederick Treves">
Frederick Treves

Fredrick Treves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919881" title="Home Arts and Industries Association">
Home Arts and Industries Association

The Home Arts and Industries Association was an organisation that functioned as a precursor to the Art Workers Guild in the development of the Arts and Crafts Movement in Britain. It was founded in 1884 by Eglantyne Louisa Jebb who was inspired by an initiative of Charles Godfrey Leland in Philadelphia. Another leading member was the designer Mary Fraser Tytler. The organisation sought to revive traditional rural crafts which were threatened by the mechanisation of production and by increasing urbanization. In conformity with the thinking of John Ruskin and with Arts and Crafts philosophy, supporters believed that flourishing traditional crafts helped sustain rural communities and provided workers with far more personal satisfaction than was possible for factory workers. The Association funded schools and organised marketing opportunities for craftspeople.

</doc>
<doc id="2919888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919888" title="Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations">
Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations

The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) is a private, non-governmental board of school education in India. It conducts two examinations in India: the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) and the Indian School Certificate (ISC). The CISCE was set up in 1956 at the meeting of the Inter-State Board for Anglo-Indian Education a proposal was adopted for the setting up of an Indian Council to administer the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate's Examinations in India. It is an all-India, but not a government sponsored board (unlike the CBSE and NIOS). It is based in New Delhi.
The Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) Examination is a K-10 public board examination for students in India who have just completed Class X (equivalent to the first two years of the 4 year High School programme). Seven subjects are to be taken by the candidates, of which four are compulsory and three have a choice of subjects.
Similarly, the Indian School Certificate (ISC) Examination is a K-12 public board examination for those completing Class XII (equivalent to the end of the 4 year High School programme). Candidates must have English as one of their subjects, and then may choose either three, four or five more subjects to take exams for.
The CISCE does not accept private candidates, and they must come only through the (English medium) schools affiliated to the CISCE. The medium of examination is English, except the Indian language paper. At the end of examination, marks out of 100 are provided in each subject and a separate pass certificate is given containing the equivalent grades (like almost all other Indian educational boards). Note that apart from the CBSE and CISCE, all states in India also have their own state boards for High School education.
Historical background.
In 1952, an All India Certificate Examination Conference was held under the Chairmanship of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, Minister for Education. The main purpose of the conference was to consider the replacement of the overseas Cambridge school Certificate Examination by an All India Examination. This set the agenda for the establishment of the Council.
In October 1956 at the meeting of the Inter–State Board for Anglo–Indian Education, a proposal was adopted for the setting up of an Indian Council to administer the University of Cambridge, Local Examinations Syndicate’s Examination in India and, to advise the Syndicate on the best way to adapt its examination to the needs of the country. The inaugural meeting of the Council was held on 3 November 1958.
In December 1967, the Council was registered as a Society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860.
In 1973, the Council was listed in the Delhi School Education Act 1973, as a body conducting “public” examinations. In 2012, CISCE opened its new office at P 35-36, Sector VI
Pushp Vihar, Saket
New Delhi – 110017

</doc>
<doc id="2919903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919903" title="Davenant Foundation School">
Davenant Foundation School

Davenant Foundation School is a coeducational, Christian Ecumenical secondary school, founded in 1680, currently located in Loughton, Essex, England. 
History.
Foundation in Whitechapel.
In February 1680 the Reverend Ralph Davenant drew up his will leaving all of his household goods and plate to his wife with the provision that it should eventually be sold and that the monies raised should be used to build a school for 40 poor boys of Whitechapel.
Ralph Kevin Davenant was the son of the Rector of Gillingham in Dorset. Mr Davenant became Rector of Whitechapel (St.Mary's) and was awarded the degree of M.A. by Cambridge University as a result of a directive from King Charles II. It is not known what the connection between Ralph Davenant and the King, but the King was clearly impressed.
In addition to the monies raised from the sale of plate and goods, a number of properties were also given over to the school so that rents and capital could be raised. These consisted of a farm at Sandon near Chelmsford, the site where Tilbury Fort is built and much of the land upon which the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway is built. Funds raised thereby went towards the additional educating of 34 poor girls. Boys were to learn reading, writing and arithmetic whilst the girls were to learn reading, writing and sewing.
A site for the proposed school was found in the Whitechapel Road on the Lower Burial Ground, the site is still occupied by the old school buildings and can be clearly seen when passing along the Whitechapel Road.
In 1813, a dramatic change took place when Davenant earned itself the title of 'Cradle of the National Schools of England'.
Monitorial system.
Dr Andrew Bell invented a system for educating hundreds of children with only one Master assisted by senior boys. This became known as the monitorial system. 1,000 children (600 boys and 400 girls) were educated by this system in a new building which was erected in Davenant Street.
The Charity School continued to function in the original buildings which were eventually enlarged in 1818 to accommodate 100 boys and 100 girls. The school by now maintained two institutions educating 1,200 children — extraordinarily large for 1818. The third strand of the school came into being in 1858 when a Commercial or Grammar School was built in Leman Street under the direction of the Reverend Welden Champneys, the then Rector of Whitechapel. In 1888 the two charities of Whitechapel and Davenant merged to become 'The Foundation School'.
New buildings.
In 1896, the new Renaissance Building was erected behind the 1818 building providing additional up to date classroom space and a magnificent assembly hall which remains to this day. In 1939 the school was evacuated and the buildings were taken over by the Heavy Rescue Service who did irreparable damage to the buildings and destroyed many of the documents and honours boards - which were used to board up broken shop windows. In 1944 the school became Davenant Foundation Grammar School for Boys, a title which it retained until 1980. By now it educated only some 200 boys.
Move to Loughton.
In 1966, at the invitation of the Essex County Council, the school moved to the leafy suburb of Loughton. Many East End families had in any case moved out to the suburbs by this time. The population in London was in decline and there was a need for grammar school provision for boys in Loughton. There were, in 1966, many fine grammar schools in the East End including Raine's, George Green, Coopers Coborn and Parmiter's. Davenant's best chance of survival was to move.
The new buildings at Loughton were located on the edge of the town and open farmland between Loughton and Theydon Bois, and were opened in 1966 by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.
Comprehensive and coeducational school.
The school continued as a two form entry boys' grammar school until 1980. It was then that, after much deliberation, the Governors and Trustees decided that the time was right to further develop the work which Ralph Davenant had put into motion some 300 years before and so it was that Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother made her second visit to the school to mark the restoration of the co-educational nature of the school and its ongoing development as a Christian Ecumenical School for 1,000 girls and boys.
The school also gained specialist status as a Language College and a Sports College.
Academy.
The school converted to academy status on 1 April 2011.
House system.
A House System was introduced in 2005 with the school being divided up into six houses, one for each form in each year. The houses are named after places in the surrounding area of the school.
The houses are:
The first initials of each house spell out D, A, V, E, N, T; which are the letters that make up the school's name - Davenant (minus the repeated letters). Each house has a member of staff as head of house, a house colour and mascot. They also all have sixth form house prefects. However, the House system is taken seriously by students (particularly on sports day)
Rugby.
The school has been on 4 rugby tours so far; Canada, New Zealand, South Africa and South America. The tour to South Africa was a successful tour where the team won 3 matches out of 5 - while on this tour Davenant played a team which came from the local townships. The Canada tour in 1994 was more successful as all 5 tour games were won. The school have had many players who have represented at county level (Mainly Essex but also Middlesex). Every year the school is entered for the Daily Mail cup at both Under 18 and Under 15 levels.
The current Davenant 1st XV squad has recently taken on a new coach in the form of notable Blackheath Flanker, former Wales Rugby League and Head of Business studies Dave Brown. He succeeds long time servant Richard Vaughan who left after the 2007/2008 season after 9 glory-filled years as head coach at the school.
In the past years the school 1sts have consistently reached the 3rd or 4th round of the Daily Mail Schools' Cup and last year was knocked out by eventual winners St Benedict's School, Ealing. There is a great rivalry between Davenant and schools close by in the area such as West Hatch and Debden Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2919907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919907" title="White Butterfly (album)">
White Butterfly (album)

White Butterfly is the second album from the Essex trio InMe. It was released on 20 June 2005 under the record label V2 Records. Its highest UK chart position was #56, and reached #1 on the UK rock album chart.
While the band's style of music is still evident in "White Butterfly", their sound has changed significantly since "Overgrown Eden". Dave McPherson's vocals lack the raspy angst that can be heard on the previous album and he now sings in a softer, cleaner tone. Several songs on "White Butterfly" also contain multiple chorused vocals that are evident in songs as "So You Know" and "Faster the Chase", and one song that is sung almost entirely by Joe Morgan, "Almost Lost". The album also has a lighter tone compared to the considerably darker mood of "Overgrown Eden" which almost had a metal-type sound to it. This would also be the last InMe studio album that would feature Joe Morgan.

</doc>
<doc id="2919908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919908" title="List of freshwater islands in Scotland">
List of freshwater islands in Scotland

The freshwater islands in Scotland include those within freshwater lochs and rivers – including tidal areas, so the islands may not always be surrounded by freshwater. It has been estimated that there are at least 31,460 freshwater lochs in Scotland and that 1.9% of the land surface is covered by fresh waters. The distribution has a north west to south east gradient with the highest concentrations occurring in the islands of the Outer Hebrides.
The more notable freshwater islands include Lochindorb Castle Island, Loch Leven Castle Island, St Serf's Inch, and Inchmahome, each of which have had a role to play in Scottish history. Inchmurrin, the largest freshwater island in the British Isles, is in Loch Lomond, which contains thirty or more other islands.
Various names are used repeatedly. "Inch" or "Innis" is a Scots word that can mean "island" (although it is also used for "" surrounded by marsh). Similarly, "Eilean" is the Gaelic for "island". "-holm" is a common suffix for offshore islands in the north of Scotland and is derived from the Old Norse "holmr", meaning "a small and rounded islet". This list excludes artificial crannógs and the numerous small freshwater islands with no recorded name.
Larger islands.
This table includes all of the freshwater islands that exceed in size and/or are populated.
Inchlonaig and Inchcruin are classified by the National Records of Scotland as "inhabited islands but had no usual residents at the time of either the 2001 or 2011 censuses." It is likely that Contin Island and Eilean Aigas are inhabited, at least from time to time as well, although they were not listed as such by the Census in 2001 or 2011.
In mainland lochs.
Loch Awe is Scotland's longest loch and abounds with islands and crannógs. Several of the islands are, or have in the past, been inhabited; there are two castles and the remains of a chapel on the islands. Inistrynich, Eilean na Maodail, Eilean Dubh and Liever Island are all promontories as opposed to islands despite their names. The loch's water levels have fluctuated so some of them may have been islands in recent history, as the promontory on which Kilchurn Castle stands once was.
There may be up to sixty islands in the Loch Lomond including Inchmurrin, the largest freshwater island anywhere in the Britain and Ireland, and Inchconnachan, which has hosted a small population of Red-necked Wallaby since at least 1975. The isolated strongholds of Lochindorb Castle and Loch an Eilein Castle were once in the hands of the 14th century nobleman Alexander Stewart, the infamous "Wolf of Badenoch". There are numerous unnamed small islands in mainland lochs, including those where the water level has been artificially raised by the creation of dams for the production of hydro-electricity. This process has created new islands that would previously have been small eminences.
On offshore islands.
There are relatively few genuine islands in the lochs of the Inner Hebrides, many of those that do exist being artificial crannógs. By contrast there are innumerable small islands in the estimated 7,500 lochs of the Eilean Siar, only a small proportion of which are named by the Ordnance Survey.
The Orkney and Shetland archipelagos to the north are similarly lacking in freshwater islands. Law Ting Holm is the former location of the national þing, or Norse parliament of Shetland.
In rivers.
No part of Scotland is more than from the sea and as a result Scotland's rivers are neither very wide nor long (although Scotland has many substantial salt water estuaries called firths). These are islands in freshwater, or where indicated, occasionally reached by high tides and in brackish water.
There are several former islands in the Tay, created by natural silting and artificial reclamation including: Big Island, Bloody Inches near Murthly, North Inch and South Inch in Perth, Richards Islands, Sleepless Inch and The Inch near Inchtuthil.

</doc>
<doc id="2919916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919916" title="Bishopsbourne">
Bishopsbourne

Bishopsbourne is a mostly rural and wooded village in Kent, England. It has two short developed sections of streets at the foot of the Nailbourne valley south-east of Canterbury and centred from Dover.
Geography.
High-up Goresley Wood occupies about half of the parish, which rises gradually in the south-west. A Roman Britain collective burial mound (tumulus) is at a point in the north-centre of this small forested area.
Amenities.
A pub trades in Bishopsbourne, "The Mermaid", built in 1861 and is the sole business, sustained by tourism in the summer. 
Its church, St Mary's is one of the Church of England, with 14th-century wall paintings (murals). It is listed in the highest grading of the national system at Grade I.
History.
In 1844 an excavation at Bourne Park in the civil parish (and always in the village's boundaries) revealed Iron Age remains. Mozart visited Bourne Park House in 1765. 10 buildings in the village are listed in the National Heritage List for England and a wall.
On 30 August 1940, a Spitfire piloted by Sgt J I Johnson was shot down and crashed near Bishopsbourne. The pilot was killed.
Sport.
Bishopsbourne’s Bourne Paddock was a pioneering venue for “great cricket". The third earliest match of all time (recognised by Cricinfo statisticians as First-Class) was played there between England and Hampshire on 19 and 20 August 1772.
The first time that centuries were scored by two batsmen in the same innings in First-class cricket was by Tom Walker and Thomas Taylor for White Conduit Club against Kent on Bourne Paddock. The match was played from 8 to 12 August 1786, and is one of the earliest five-day matches on record.
The last First-Class match on the Paddock was played in 1790.
Transport.
Bishopsbourne had a station on the Elham Valley Railway until traffic stopped in 1947, the station building is now a private residence.
Notable residents.
Richard Hooker was the Rector from 1595 to 1600. Hooker played a significant part in the development of Anglicanism, championing a 'middle way' between Puritanism and Catholicism. His 8-volume work 'The Laws of Ecclesiastical Polity' was partly written in the Rectory at Bishopsbourne. After his death, he was buried in the Chancel of the church, and a memorial to him was provided by William Cowper.
"Oswalds", the house of author Joseph Conrad, still stands and the village hall is called "Conrad Hall" in his honour. The author Jocelyn Brooke lived in a house called "Forge House", just opposite the village hall. Photographic pioneer Joseph Bancroft Reade was rector from 1863 until his death in 1870, and is buried at St Mary's.

</doc>
<doc id="2919918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919918" title="Blackwood Creek">
Blackwood Creek

Blackwood Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2919922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919922" title="Earl of Beverley">
Earl of Beverley

Earl of Beverley, in the County of York, is a title in the Peerage of Great Britain, held by the Duke of Northumberland since 1865. It was created in 1790 for Algernon Percy, 2nd Baron Lovaine. He was the second son of Hugh Percy, 1st Duke of Northumberland. The title of Baron Lovaine, of Alnwick in the County of Northumberland, had been created in the Peerage of Great Britain in 1784 for the first Duke of Northumberland, with a special remainder to his second son, the aforementioned Algernon, who succeeded in the barony on his father's death in 1786. Lord Beverley was succeeded by his son, George, the 2nd Earl, who in 1865 inherited the dukedom of Northumberland from his cousin, the 4th Duke. All three titles have remained united since.
The Honourable Algernon Percy, second son of the first Earl, was a minor diplomat. The Right Reverend the Honourable Hugh Percy, third son of the first Earl, was Bishop of Rochester and of Carlisle. The Honourable Josceline Percy, fourth son of the first Earl, was a Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy. The Honourable William Henry Percy, sixth son of the first Earl, was a naval officer and politician.
Earls of Beverley (1790).
"For further succession, see Duke of Northumberland."

</doc>
<doc id="2919969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919969" title="Season's End">
Season's End

Season's End are a British band based in Hampshire. They describe themselves as playing Progressive symphonic metal, although they are often tagged as a gothic metal band by reviewers and reference sources.
The band is fronted by string musician Becki Clark, who provides female vocals which are backed by the male vocals of guitarist David Stanton. The underlying music can be categorised as dark and atmospheric, combining lighter elements (such as clean electric guitars, classical stringed instruments and keyboards) with fast, heavily distorted riffs and powerful drums more commonly associated with heavy metal music. Although many of the band's lyrics contain references to religion they do not consider themselves a religious band.
History.
Originally formed as Entropy by schoolmates Tim Gifford-Hull (lead vocals, guitar), Danny Russell (guitar) and James Humber (bass) in 1993 and later joined by Becki Clark (keyboards and backing vocals). David Stanton joined on guitar in 1997 after the demise of his own college band Armageddon. By 1998, the line-up had Matt Marriage (bass) and Paul White (drums), and the band had been renamed Season's End. - 
After recording two demos in 2000 and a number of line-up changes (including original founders Tim and Danny leaving to pursue separate musical ventures,) their debut album - "The Failing Light" - was released in the UK on September 19, 2005 through 1 Records Worldwide. It was a re-working of the self-released demo of the same name, released originally in November 2003.
Throughout 2004 and 2005, the second guitar and bass duties were filled by Daryl Kellie and Tom Nichols respectively, both of whom left at the end of 2005 and were temporarily replaced by Jonathan Craven (Liquid Sky) and David Lovell until the end of 2006. At the beginning of 2007, as the band commenced work on their second album, the drummer and founding member Paul White left the band due to a build up of personal and musical differences. Meanwhile, the band recruited Tim Goatham on guitar, Mike Bridge on bass, and James Smith on drums. The band are now preparing to release a new album.
Discography.
EP.
This CD was released with the first 200 copies of Ascension, it contains almost acoustic versions of "Celestia", "Touch" and "One Sadness", from the full length "The Failing Light".

</doc>
<doc id="2919972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919972" title="Lloyd Daley">
Lloyd Daley

Lloyd Daley also known as Matador (born 12 July 1939, Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican electronic technician, sound system pioneer and reggae producer.
Career.
Daley worked as a linotype apprentice for short time, while attending Kingston Technical High School, where he graduated in electronics. He built his first amplifier to boost the signal strength of his army surplus walkie-talkie, and he converted this amplifier into a sound system amplifier, and in 1956 started his 'Lloyd's the Matador' sound system at Victoria Avenue, one of the first sound systems in Jamaica, named after bullfighters. He also ran his own shop, 'Lloyds Radio & Television Service', in Kingston. By the end of the 1950s, he used to build up and repair sono devices, improving especially amplifiers, for himself and also for other sound systems including his competitors, Duke Reid, Coxsone Downbeat and Prince Buster. He went on to build one of Jamaica most powerful vacuum tube amplifiers with forty KT88 output tubes in the late 1970s for the 'Jack Ruby High Power' sound system, owned by Lawrence Lindo (Jack Ruby). He also built KT88 Amplifiers for Joe Chin ('Unitone' sound system) and Ken Hamilton ('Duke Hamilton' sound system).
Finding it difficult to get the records played by competing sound systems, he began recording his own at federal studios.
His first 45 rpm singles came out in 1958, with some Jamaican R&B and early ska tunes made only for his own sound system. He had produced Roland Alphonso ("Bridgeview Shuffle"), Neville Esson, Owen Gray and Rico Rodriguez by the end of the decade, with reelases appearing on his own Matador and Mystic labels. He released ska tunes in the early 1960s, with instrumental bands such as the 'Matadors All Stars', featuring most of the members of the later formed band The Skatalites in 1959-1960; or with the trumpeter Raymond Harper ("Heart & Soul" in 1962). Later releases were with rocksteady songs by The Overtakers for instance, always employing excellent session musicians.
By the beginning of the 1960s, he married Deanna Deans, daughter of Eric Deans, who later contributed to Daley's work as a songwriter.
In 1966 the police dismantled a part of his sound system, because they said it was disturbing the neighborhood,with the heavy bass-resonance it was producing, so he sold it. He moved his repair service and record shop in 1968 to 43 Waltham Park Road, which he bought and built, using it as a rehearsal facility and Recording Studio, and had success in the early reggae period on his Matador label with artists like Jackie Mittoo ("Dark of the Sun") or The Scorchers ("Ugly Man").
His biggest hit came out in 1969 with Little Roy and his rasta song "Bongo Nyah" which became a long-time Jamaican number one. He then produced other popular singles for artists like The Abyssinians ("Yim Mas Gan"), The Ethiopians ("Owe Me No Pay Me"), Dennis Brown ("Things in Life"), The Wailing Souls ("Gold Digger"), the first recordings of The Gladiators ("Freedom Train", "Rockaman Soul"), Alton Ellis ("Lord Deliver Us" another Jamaican hit), John Holt or The Paragons.
Avoiding the influence of American soul music (everpresent through the rocksteay and early reggae era), Daley mostly produced original compositions, preferring religious (rasta) and socio-political lyrics to love songs.
He also released many instrumental tunes with Johnnie Moore or Lloyd Charmers ("Zylon" was a 1969 hit) and dee-jay versions of his hits with artists like U-Roy ("Sound of the Wise" and "Scandal", both recorded in October 1969). In 1971, Daley released Little Roy's "Hard Fighter" version, recorded by The Hippy Boys, and named "Voo-doo". It was one of the first instrumental dub tunes where drum and the bass had a dominating role.
Most of Daley's productions have been released in the UK by Pama Records on its subsidiaries Crab and Gas, except in 1972, when he made a license deal with Trojan.
However in 1975, disillusioned by recurrent non-payment of royalties, he left the music industry to focus only on his shop and Electronics.

</doc>
<doc id="2919973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2919973" title="Street Hawk">
Street Hawk

Street Hawk is an American television series that aired for 13 episodes on ABC in 1985. The series is a Limekiln and Templar Production in association with Universal Television. Its central characters were created by Paul M. Belous and Robert "Bob" Wolterstorff, and its core format was developed by Bruce Lansbury, who had initially commissioned the program's creation. This series was originally planned for the fall of 1984, Mondays at 8:00PM Eastern/7:00PM Central. However, ABC executives changed their minds when the summer series "Call to Glory" did well, and "Street Hawk" was pushed to mid-season. "Street Hawk" made its debut on January 4, 1985 on ABC at 9:00PM Eastern/8:00PM Central and ran until May 16, 1985.
Reruns aired on the USA Network on Saturdays at 10:00AM from 1990-91.
Plot.
The premise of the show is narrated before every episode during the opening titles, voiced by Ernie Anderson:
"This is Jesse Mach, an ex-motorcycle cop, injured in the line of duty. Now a police troubleshooter, he's been recruited for a top secret government mission to ride Street Hawk -- an all-terrain attack motorcycle designed to fight urban crime, capable of incredible speeds up to three hundred miles an hour, and immense firepower. Only one man, federal agent Norman Tuttle, knows Jesse Mach's true identity. The man...the machine...Street Hawk."
The pilot episode shows the backstory: Jesse Mach's (Rex Smith) earlier work as a police officer and amateur dirt-bike racer; his recruitment by Norman Tuttle for the Street Hawk project; and the capabilities of the motorcycle and its computer backend, from providing the motorcycle rider with real-time mission information, to assisting the motorcycle during its high-speed "hyperthrust" runs.
All subsequent episodes show Mach leading a double life, a police public relations officer by day, and crimefighter by night. Street Hawk is regarded as a lawless vigilante and a public relations embarrassment by the police, especially by Mach's commanding officer Captain Leo Altobelli (Richard Venture). Each episode deals with a specific crime or mission, and there are no multi-episode story arcs.
Music.
The musical theme was composed by Tangerine Dream and produced by Christopher Franke, and a modified version (which was featured in the pilot episode during the sequence where Mach took the bike out for the first time) appeared on their album "Le Parc," titled "Le Parc (L.A. - Streethawk)."
The motorcycle.
The motorcycle in the pilot episode was based on a 1983 Honda XL500 trailbike. The motorcycles used in the series were based on 1984 Honda XR500s. The motorcycles used for the stunt shots were based on Honda CR250s. Overall, fifteen motorcycles were used in the show. The whereabouts of fourteen of these are unknown, but the fifteenth used to reside in the now closed Cars of the Stars Motor Museum in Keswick, Cumbria, England, restored by stuntman Chris Bromham. The pilot motorcycle was designed by Andrew Probert and the series motorcycles were redesigned by Ron Cobb.
During filming, the fiberglass bike parts constantly flew off the bike during the course of stunt work. The film stunt second unit crew always had six bikes standing by to replace the hero bike's jump or maneuver. When first unit was on stage at Universal Studios, the second stunt crew were on location filming with a stunt biker performing with the bike. The stunt bikes were always in Universal Studios' effects shop being repaired or replaced with parts. A motorcycle shop, not far from the studio, three miles on Lankershim Boulevard, always supplied new frames and wheels for the stunt bikes. Winfield Special Projects in Canoga Park made all body panels and special effects. Eric Thaler from Austria was in charge of the project at Winfield's.
VHS, CD & DVD releases.
There have been at least two official releases of the Street Hawk pilot movie on VHS. One was from MCA Canada and contained the full 90-minute pilot (actually 76 minutes or so without commercials), and the other was the U.S. MCA release that ran about 60 minutes. There are short bits of footage that are unique to each release (i.e., even though the U.S. version is shorter, it does include a line or two of dialogue not present in the Canadian version). Other differences include a "blue lightning"-style primary weapon in the Canadian version (whereas the red "laser beam" from the rest of the series appears on the U.S. release) and actual stunt jumps on the U.S. tape instead of "matted-in" fake jumps in the Canadian version.
On July 13, 2010, Shout! Factory released "Street Hawk: The Complete Series", a 4 DVD Box-Set featuring all 13 episodes of the series. Special features include an all new 41 minute documentary entitled 'The Making Of A Legend' and an unaired pilot featuring different Street Hawk firepower.
Novelisations.
Despite the small number of episodes produced, in Britain four novels based on the series were published by Target Books:
Toy.
An unlicensed "Street Hawk" toy was produced by Funskool Toys in India, under the G.I. Joe brand name. Neither the motorcycle nor its driver are show-accurate. Instead, the cycle uses a repainted 1982 American G.I. Joe R.A.M. motorcycle, and the driver is a repainted, "kit-bashed" G.I. Joe figure.
In Brazil the Street Hawk toys were produced by Glasslite. One item was the "Moto Laser MRX-1", a slot track with two slot bikes: the Street Hawk and a yellow model. A Jesse Mach action figure was also released.
In the United Kingdom and some countries, a "Street Hawk" "stunt bike" was released by ERTL. Roughly the same size as standard miniature ERTL vehicles, the toy had a plastic rider, on the motorcycle powered by a friction wheel. The packaging suggested various stunts that the owner could attempt to perform with the toy.

</doc>
