<doc id="2905879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905879" title="Amitraz">
Amitraz

Amitraz (development code BTS27419) is a non-systemic acaricide and insecticide. It was first synthesized by the Boots Co. in England in 1969. Amitraz has been found to have an insect repellent effect, works as an insecticide and also as a pesticide synergist. Its effectiveness is traced back on alpha-adrenergic agonist activity, interaction with octopamine receptors of the central nervous system and inhibition of monoamine oxidases and prostaglandin synthesis. Therefore, it leads to overexcitation and consequently paralysis and death in insects. Because amitraz is less harmful to mammals, amitraz is among many other purposes best known as insecticide against mite- or tick-infestation of dogs.
Use.
Amitraz is particularly effective against acarids, but it is used as a pesticide in many different fields.Therefore amitraz is available in many different forms, as in a wettable powder, emulsifiable concentrate, soluble concentrate/liquid, and impregnated collar (for dogs).
It is characterized as an insect repellent, insecticide and pesticide synergist. These are the properties which make it especially useful as a pesticide:
- The repellent effect causes insects to turn away from their target as this is treated with amitraz.
- It acts as an insecticide, which means that it can be used to control insects that are directly or indirectly harmful to men.
- As a pesticide synergist it also increases the effect of some other pesticides if they are combined with amitraz.
These can be traced back to the mechanisms of action, which lead to a wide field of effects, including direct lethality, excitant-repellant behavioral effects, and chemosterilization for the target species. In addition it generally causes low damage to nontarget species, which is one of the advantages of amitraz. Furthermore amitraz is especially effective against insects as spider mites and ticks in their juvenile and resistant forms.
For agricultural purposes amitraz is primarily used to control the pear psylla (Cacopsylla pyricola) on Oregon pear crops and whiteflies and mites on cotton or pear crops.
It's also applied to pome fruit, citrus fruit, cotton, stone fruit, bush fruit, strawberries, hops, cucurbits, aubergines, capsicums, tomatoes and ornamental plants to control all stages of tetranychid and eriophyid mites, pear suckers, scale insects, mealybugs, whiteflies, aphids and eggs and first instar larvae of lepidoptera.
To apply amitraz, various techniques can be used as for example an airblast and concentrate spray to pears or by ground boom and aircraft to cotton.
Territorial differences in amitraz use depend on the species of mites that infest the crops/trees/etc., the local practice and the number and size of the pear trees. An infestation e.g. by Tetranychus spp requires higher rates of amitraz. Taking those factors into consideration the application volumes of amitraz have been standardized in terms of maximum spray concentration and in the rate of amitraz per hectare.
Besides its application as pesticide on plants, amitraz is also used as an animal ectoparasiticide on cattle, goats, sheep, pigs and dogs. Thereby it's exclusively applied externally. It achieves special efficiency against mites (first of all Demodex canis), but it also works against lice, flies and all development stages of ticks. In combination with additional agents it can be used against flea-infestation as well.
For the treatment of dogs amitraz is available as a collar or as a spray- or washsolution and has an immediate effect against tick-infestation as well as a preventive effect.
In some countries amitraz-emulsions are also applied to treat Demodicosis of cats or dogs, an exceeding infestation of mites of the family Demodicidae.
For the treatment of cattle, sheep, goats and pigs amitraz is available as spray or washsolution, to treat or prevent infestations by mites, lice, flies and ticks. Thereby pigs and cattle should be sprayed and sheep and goats bathed.
Other animal species as for example horses or Chihuahuas should not be treated with amitraz, because adverse effects may occur.
Synthesis.
Since its discovery by Boots Co. in 1969 three main synthesis routes for amitraz has been developed, which stand out in terms of facility and generality.
Route 1:
2,4-Xylidine + triethyl orthoformate + methylamine (imine formation/amine formation): 
One of the first amitraz-manufacturing plants used this reaction scheme (figure 2).
Therefore the reactions has been carried out in an enclosed area, to recycle unused reagents.
The first step of this route is the reaction of an aniline with triethyl orthoformate. In the named manufacturing plant 2,4-Xylidine has been used as the aniline. The reaction yields an intermediate formimidate ester. In the next step methylamine is added, which combines with the formimidate ester to yield the desired formamidine. As the formamidines forms, ethanol is set free from the chemical reaction and is recycled.
This is probably the most suitable method for the synthesis of amitraz, because this second step yields "N′"-2,4-dimethyl-"N"-methylformamidine. The free -NH groups of these molecules react with each other to finally yield amitraz.
The last steps of the manufacturing process include cristalisation out from isopropyl alcohol, filtering and drying. These last steps need to be carried out by instructed personnel, who wear full protective clothing with a positive-pressure breathing apparatus.
Route 2: Substituted formamide + aniline:
The first step of this synthesis route to an N-arylformamidine as amitraz is the reaction of an substituted formamide, usually a dialkylformamide, with an aniline. To gain amitraz N-methyl formamide and 2,4 dimethyl aniline hydrochloride can be used (figure 1). This reaction is catalyzed by the presence of acid halides, such as POC3, SOC2, COCG2, or an arylsulfonylhalide, as p-toluene sulfonyl chloride (figure 1). This yields an intermediate, which reacts further as its catalyzed by p-toluene acid to N, N'-[(methylimino) dimethylidyne] di-2,4-xylidine (amitraz). Alternatively, the aniline in the first step can be replaced by an arylformamide. 
In addition the replacement of the dialkylformamide with an "N"-alkylpyrrolidone can be used to obtain products of the clenpyrin group from this reaction. 
route 3: arylisocyanate + formamide:
To achieve this reaction a mixture a suitable arylisocyanate and formamide is heated and marked by the evolution of CO2, to yield the desired formamidine.
Metabolism.
Since amitraz most common use is as a pesticide, it is important to consider that between animals and plants often different pathways for biotransformation occur. 
Most animal species, including humans can metabolize amitraz rapidly to form six metabolites during biotransformation, "N"-methyl-"N′"-(2,4-xylyl)formamide, Form- 2'4'xylidine, 4-N-Methyl-formidoyl) amino-meta-toluix acid, 4-Formamido-meta-toluic acid, 4- Acetamido- meta-toluic acid and 4- Amino- meta- toluic acid.
In rats the metabolic pathway (figure 3) has been examined after oral administration of 14C-labelled amitraz, which was found to be effectively metabolized, degraded and excreted to four of the metabolites in urine and six in faeces.
The metabolic pathway or rate did not differ between the sexes.
Hornish and Nappier (1983) detected that the metabolic pathway after dermal administration follows the same route of degradation as after oral uptake, because the parent compound, N-methyl- N'-(2,4-xylyl)formamidine and form-2',4'-xylidide were found in urine and blood also after dermal administration.
In humans, "N"-methyl-"N"-(2,4-xylyl)formamidine, form-2',4'-xylidide, 4-amino- meta-toluic acid, 4-acetamido- meta-toluic and 4-formamido- meta-toluic acids were recognized in the urine as well which indicates for the same or a similar metabolic pathway.
As illustrated in figure 3 the first step is a hydrolysis reaction to N-methyl-N'-(2,4-xylyl)-formamidine, which already can be excreted in the urine but is still pharmacological active. Depending on the dose, the quantity of this metabolite in the urine can vary from 4% at low doses to 23%-38% at high doses (e.g. in case of rats: 1–100 mg per kg body weight).
As it isn't excreted it also can be oxidized to 4-N-Methyl-formidoyl)amino-meta-toluic acid, which can be further oxidized to 4-formamido-meta-toluic acid.
Form-2,4-xylidine is formed directly by hydrolysis from amitraz or arises from N-methyl- N'-(2,4-xylyl)formamidine. During this early stage of biotransformation N-methyl- N'-(2,4-xylyl) formamidine and Form-2,4-xylidine may already form conjugates.
But the major route followed after the formation of Form-2,4-xylidine is the oxidation to 4-formamido-meta-toluic acid, which is further metabolized to its acetyl conjugate, 4-acetamido-meta-toluic acid or 4-amino- meta-toluic acid.
4-formamido- meta-toluic acid and 4-acetamido- meta-toluic acid make 32% of the metabolites found in urine and are detected at any administered dose. Therefore they are considered as two of the major metabolites in the amitraz pathway. Form-2',4'-xylidide and 4-amino- meta-toluic acid account only for 2% of the total excretion.
In insects different metabolites are formed. N-methyl- N'-(2,4-xylyl)formamidine, Form-2,4-xylidine and 4-Amino-meta-toluic acid occur, but in addition several unidentified metabolites were detected, too.
In plants the biotransformation of amitraz proceeds very rapidly. The predominant metabolites detected are N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N'-methylformamidine (BST 27 271) and 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919). 
N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N'-methylformamidine (BST 27 271), 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919) and N,N'-bis-dimethylphenylformamidine (BTS 28 037) result from hydrolysis of amitraz.
Thereby N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N'-methylformamidine (BST 27 271) occurs in higher amounts than 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919). N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N'-methylformamidine (BST 27 271) can be further metabolized to 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919) or 2,4-dimethylaniline (BTS 24 868). 
N,N'-bis-dimethylphenylformamidine (BTS 28 037) can be transformed to 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919) or directly react to 2,4-dimethylaniline (BTS 24 868), but the exact mechanisms of these biotransformations are not known yet. 
However, of 2,4-dimethylaniline (BTS 24 868) and N,N'-bis-dimethylphenylformamidine (BTS 28 037) less than 1% has been accounted, which makes them minor metabolites compared to N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N'-methylformamidine (BST 27 271) and 2,4-dimethylformanilide (BST 27 919). Figure 4 shows the suggested amitraz' metabolic pathway in plants. 
Kinetics.
The hydrolysis reactions of amitraz strongly depend on the environmental pH. Even though amitraz undergoes hydrolysis reactions at any pH, spectrophotometry, HPLC and GC-MS studies revealed that pH-depending differences occur, affecting both the sort of reaction-products and the reaction rate. Under basic conditions (pH>6) amitraz is metabolized to 2,4-dimethylphenylformamide. Followed by hydrolysis to 2,4-dimethylaniline, which also benefits from a basic pH. At very acidic pH (pH<3) 2,4-dimethylaniline has been observed as the main degradation product. Under less acidic conditions (pH 3–6) mainly N-(2,4-dimethylphenyl)-N′-methylformamidine and already amounts of 2,4-dimethylphenylformamide occur.
Mechanism of action.
Amitraz is used as a pesticide and in the industry. Therefore amitraz exposure to humans is rare and occurs mainly through inhalation or dermal contact with the compound during its use or production.
The toxic effects to humans following on amitraz-uptake include loss of consciousness, vomiting, respiratory failure, miosis, hypothermia, bradycardia, hyperglycemia and central nervous system depression.
The pharmacological activity of amitraz includes different mechanisms of action leading to toxic effects in humans as well as in animals.
Many of these effects and most of the effects on humans are caused by its alpha-adrenergic agonist activity. Furthermore amitraz inhibits prostaglandin synthesis, interacts with the octopamine receptors of the central nervous system and inhibits monoamine oxidases.
Animal studies revealed that damages due to amitraz poisoning can be recovered even after exposure to a potentially lethal dose. This could mean that amitraz' effects are reversible or at least are recoverable.
When an amitraz poisoning is lethal, death results from respiratory depression.
Alpha-adrenergic agonist activity.
Amitraz is a central alpha-adrenoreceptor agonist. That means that it selectively stimulates alpha adrenergic receptors, which are metabotropic G-protein-coupled receptors, that are usually targeted by catecholamines. Stimulating these receptors is in great extent the reason for the neurotoxic and preconvulsant effects of amitraz. Xylene present in amitraz formulations additionally induces central nervous system depression.
Adrenergic Receptors can be divided into two subclasses, alpha1- and alpha2-adrenergic receptors. To determine whether amitraz interacts with subclass 1 oder subclass 2, subcutaneous injections of amitraz (0.3–3.0 mg/kg) were given to mice. Consequently a dose-dependent delay of gastrointestinal transit in conscious mice occurs. This effect could be antagonized by alpha2-adrenergic blocking agents, but administration of other antagonists did not reduce the depressant effect on the gastrointestinal transit. So it is suggested that amitraz-induced delay of gastrointestinal transit is mediated by postjunctional alpha2-adrenergic receptors and appears not to involve the activation of β-adrenergic, dopaminergic, serotonergic, histaminergic, cholinergic, GABAergic, or opioid receptors.
Besides the neurotoxic effects other clinical effects observed in amitraz poisoning are related to alpha2-adrenergic agonistic activity. Adrenergic receptors are present in many different cells. The activation of these receptors by an agonist as amitraz generally induces a sympathetic response. This leads to an increased heart rate, dilation of the pupils, elevation of blood pressure and blood and energy supply focus on skeletal muscles.
Interaction with the octopamine receptor.
It's thought that the mode of action of amitraz involves the interaction with the neuromodulator octopamine. This interaction is probably the reason for increased nervous activity of ticks as a response on amitraz.
Usual activation of the receptors may lead to changes in the concentration of intracellular second messengers such as cyclic nucleotides cyclic AMP (cAMP) and cyclic GMP, inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate and Ca2+. Influencing this signal transduction system can lead to various events depending on the celltype.
Since it has been discovered that the octopamine receptor coding gene is expressed on very high rates in the somata of the honeybee brain, it is suggested that it is involved in the processing of sensory inputs, antennal motor outputs and higher-order brain functions.
The amitraz-octopamine receptor- interaction restrains these normal functions of the octopamine receptor. Therefore it is efficient as an insect-pesticide.
Still, resistance against amitraz can occur. A mutation can lead to a working version of the octopamine receptor but with an altered pesticide target side. This is probably the case for a very resistant Brazilian and Mexican tick strain, which have two nucleotide substitutions on the octopamine receptor coding gene compared with the Australian strains.
A closer understanding of these resistance meachnisms would help to develop more rapid and accurate diagnostic tools for detecting resistance and steer development of alternative acaricides.
Inhibition of monoamine oxidases.
In vitro a monoamine oxidase-inhibiting effect of amitraz has been found. Monoamine oxidases catalyze the oxidative deamination of monoamines and thereby form flavoproteins and inactivate neurotransmitters.
However, "in vivo" it has been observed that only at high doses of amitraz or its main metabolite "N"-2,4-dimethylphenyl-"N"-methyl-formamide monoamine oxidase inhibition occurs. In dogs it has been observed that after administration of such a dose an increase in plasma glucose and suppression of insulin occurs.
Inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis.
Like other formamidines amitraz inhibits the synthesis of prostaglandin E2 from arachidonic acid by bovine seminal vesicle microsomes. In a dose of 5 to 80 mg/kg body weight, given intraperitoneally to rats, amitraz reduces yeast-onduces fever and antagonizes the carageenin-induced swelling of the hind paw. Some of the physiological effects of amitraz probably go back to this aspirin-like activity and occur due to inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis.
Adverse effects.
Adverse effects in mammals are caused by amitraz' alpha-adrenergic agonist activity. Symptoms can include low blood pressure and pulse, hypothermia, lethargy, absence of appetite, vomiting, increased blood sugar and digestive problems. Furthermore, skin- or mucosa-irritations may occur in dogs as a response to an amitraz containing collar. This can lead to itching, eczema, alopecia or conjunctivitis.
Treatment.
In case of an amitraz overdose in humans atipamezole or yohimbine, which act as α2-antagonists, can be used as antidote. Initially it is important to remove the patient from the amitraz contaminated area. When amitraz has been inhaled the patient should first get respiratory protection. Additionally the patient should be supplied with 4 L oxygen per minute. In case of an intoxication via skin-contact, contaminated clothes should be removed first. Affected areas need to be washed with water. If eyes have been exposed to amitraz, anesthesia should be administered and the eyes carefully washed. After the oral intake of amitraz it is important to make the patient drink ca. 0.3 L water to reduce amitraz´ irritating effect on the gullet. Furthermore, it is important to prevent the patient as much as possible from vomiting, to reduce the risk of further aspiration of amitraz. Subsequently, the patient need to be observed for at least 24 hours to ensure that the symptoms do not recur.
Toxicity.
Human toxicity.
In 2006 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) re-assessed the classification for amitraz to a non-quantifiable “Suggestive Evidence of Carcinogenicity” descriptor, and in 2013 determined that quantification of risk using a non-linear approach for amitraz will adequately account for all chronic toxicity, including carcinogenicity, that could result from exposure to amitraz and its metabolites. Accidential exposure of men to greater amounts of amitraz can lead to death due to respiratory failure, mainly after oral uptake or inhalation. In Turkey during 1989, 41 cases of deadly amitraz intoxications have been detected. The observed toxic dose in about 50% of these patients has been 0.3 g to 1.25 g of 12.5% amitraz formulations and 0.5 to 2 g of 20% formulations. The remaining patients took doses up to 10 g. Other frequently occurring symptoms after massive amitraz intoxication are CNS depression, respiratory depression, miosis, hypothermia, hyperglycemia, loss of consciousness, vomiting and bradycardia.

</doc>
<doc id="2905885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905885" title="Alphaville, São Paulo">
Alphaville, São Paulo

Alphaville () is the commercial name of a real estate and gated communities development in Brazil and Portugal, constituted by a number of business and residential condominia. The name evokes the "first among cities" concept ("ville" as French for city, and "alpha" being the first letter of Greek alphabet). The concept has been widely copied in Brazil and abroad.
History.
The Alphaville concept was created by a building company in São Paulo City, Albuquerque & Takaoka in the 1970s. The São Paulo megalopolis was beginning to show an upward trend in crime rates, traffic jams and other forms of urban malaise, and consequently suburban developments gained popularity, both for modern industrial and commercial ventures and for wealthy and upper-middle class residents of the city. The company bought large farm areas in the neighbouring counties of Barueri and Santana do Parnaíba and urbanized it. The then recently built Castelo Branco Highway provided a fast and easy access from São Paulo downtown to the new area. The lots were sold initially for commercial and industrial development, but soon demand for lots for residential purposes arose. The residential lots to gated luxury horizontal condominia (for building family houses) were swiftly sold out.
Characteristics.
Presently, the original Alphaville site (23 km from São Paulo) has 33 gated areas, with more than 20,000 residences. The business area is already a small city, with 2,300 businesses, including 11 schools and universities, with a daily movement of more than 150,000 people. Due to the high traffic to and from São Paulo city (most of the residents work or study there), the Castelo Branco Highway had to be expanded and is now a toll road, with a tolled spur road specifically for Alphaville. A police organization with more than 1100 officers is in force in an attempt to keep the gated communities safe.
When a new residential condominium is developed, the company does all the basic civil works for supporting the construction on the lots, such as electrical, telephone and data communications cabling, hydraulic (water and sewer) mains and treatment facilities, landscaping and gardening, lighting and paving of internal avenues and streets, perimeter walling and security fencing, supporting buildings for security, services, etc. In most of the developments, a social and sports club for the residents is also built, with soccer, golf and tennis fields, jogging and bicycle treks, sauna, swimming pools, ballrooms, restaurants and bars, etc.
Beginning in the 1990s, the company, now renamed Alphaville Urbanismo, expanded its developments to several other cities in Brazil, such as Aracaju, Campinas, São José dos Campos, Ribeirão Preto, Rio de Janeiro, Goiania, Curitiba, Londrina, Maringá, Salvador, Fortaleza, Belo Horizonte, Natal, Gramado, Manaus, and others, as well as to Portugal (in Cascais). Many of these developments, such as that of Campinas, are also large (1,200 residences, in this case) and have an adjoining business district, with a shopping mall, a hotel, schools, etc.
Other variations of real estate developments by the same company followed, such as Aldeia da Serra, Toque-Toque Pequeno (a beach resort condominium) and Villa Alpha and Alphaville Residential, which provide pre-built modular houses to buyers.

</doc>
<doc id="2905887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905887" title="Baldric of Dol">
Baldric of Dol

Baldric of Dol ( 1050 – 7 January 1130) was abbot of Bourgueil from 1079 to 1106, then bishop of Dol-en-Bretagne from 1107 until his death.
Life.
He was born at Meung-sur-Loire, where he passed his early days. After a course of studies at the school of Angers, he entered the Abbey of Bourgueil in Anjou, where he became abbot in 1079. In addition to his various official duties, he was an active participant in the loose association of regional Latin literary writers known today as the Loire School. In 1107 he received from Pope Paschal II the pallium of Bishop of Dol. He assisted at all the councils held in his day, traveled several times to Rome, and left an account of a journey to England. 
He exercised considerable activity in reforming monastic discipline. The last years of his life were spent in retirement. 
He is remembered as the author of important or interesting contributions to history, poetry, and hagiography.
Balderic's poetic oeuvre was written almost entirely while abbot at Bourgueil. The 256 extant poems are found almost exclusively in a single contemporary manuscript which is most likely an authorized copy. They consist of a wide range of poetic forms ranging from epitaphs, riddles and epistolary poems to longer pieces such as an interpretative defense of Greek mythology and a praise poem for Adela of Normandy that describes something very like the Bayeux Tapestry within its 1,368 lines. His thematics are dominated by two great topics: desire/friendship ("amor") and game/poetry ("iocus"). His constant citations and interpretations reveal a deep knowledge and appreciation of Ovid that was rare for the age.
Balderic's most valuable work from the second part of his career is his "Historiae Hierosolymitanae libri IV", an account of the First Crusade, based in part on the testimony of eyewitnesses, and submitted for correction to the Abbot Peter of Maillezais, who had accompanied the Crusaders. Among his other works are poems on the conquest of England and on the reign of Philip I; lives, in Latin, of his friend Robertus de Arbrissello, of St. Valerian, and of St. Hugh of Rouen; finally a letter to the monks of Fécamp Abbey which contains some valuable material relating to Breton manners, and to English and Norman monasteries.

</doc>
<doc id="2905888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905888" title="Millwood, Virginia">
Millwood, Virginia

Millwood is an unincorporated community located in Clarke County, Virginia. Millwood is the home of many of Clarke County's most historic sites including the Burwell-Morgan Mill (1785), Carter Hall (1792), the Greenway Historic District, Long Branch (1811), Old Chapel (1790), and the River House. Project HOPE is based at Carter Hall.
History.
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="2905892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905892" title="Volleyball in the United States">
Volleyball in the United States

Volleyball in the United States is popular with both male and female participants of all ages. Almost all high schools and colleges in the United States have female volleyball teams, and most regions of the country have developmental programs for girls of all ages as well. While many areas of the country are forming male teams and development programs, there are still fewer opportunities for young male athletes to play volleyball in the United States than for young females.
Brief history of professional volleyball in the U.S.A..
As a professional sport, volleyball has had limited success in the United States. Numerous attempts have been made to start professional indoor women's volleyball leagues. In 1987, the latest attempt went bankrupt due to lack of fan interest and hence advertiser interest. Two-man and two-woman professional beach volleyball leagues have done better, most notably the Association of Volleyball Professionals (AVP), but none have gained a wide following that would get them consistent coverage by the major television networks. In 2002, United States Professional Volleyball League was begun as a women's professional indoor league, but only lasted one season. In 2004 and again in 2005, NBC aired the Nissan Championship series, with Fox Sports carrying the majority of the season. It is thought that one of the reasons for limited coverage is the small stadium audiences that beach volleyball competition attracts, which convey a degree of unpopularity to television audiences. Part of the reason for such small stadium audiences is the difficulty of erecting high stands on loose sand. Those trying to make beach volleyball succeed as a professional sport are trying to pattern it after professional tennis. Those seeking to make indoor volleyball a professional sport are trying to pattern it after professional basketball. Some think a possible breakthrough for professional indoor volleyball will come with the new emergence of indoor sand volleyball. A new indoor professional league, the Premier Volleyball League (sanctioned by USA Volleyball), began in 2012. The league was launched by Steve Bishop, PVL Asst. Commissioner, of Florida. Tom Pingel (USA Volleyball) serves as the League Commissioner. In 2013 the PVL incorporated and launched a men's division. Information on the PVL can be found at www.usapvl.com.
College and University volleyball.
Volleyball is a popular NCAA sport, mostly for women. In the 2011–12 school year, over 1,000 NCAA member schools, more than 300 of them in the top-level Division I, sponsored women's volleyball at the varsity level, with nearly 16,000 participants across all three divisions. At the same time, fewer than 100 schools in all three NCAA divisions combined sponsored varsity men's volleyball, with only 23 of them in Division I; the number of men's varsity volleyball players was less than one-tenth of women's participation (1,529 to 15,890).
In 2012, NCAA sanctioned college beach volleyball (or, as the NCAA calls it, "sand volleyball") teams for women for the first time; 14 schools sponsored the sport, with slightly more than 200 participants. Also in 2012, the NCAA established its first-ever men's Division III championship.
High school volleyball.
High school volleyball is a fall sport for girls and spring sport for boys (except in a few states). Schools typically have a varsity and junior varsity team, and many schools also have freshman teams. Teams play in pre-season and season competition, generally followed by a post-season that includes a regional or sectional championship and often a state championship.
While each state governs its own high school volleyball competitions through their state athletic associations, most follow the lead of the National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) for the governance of the sport. Most volleyball rules from state to state are basically the same in the United States. However, because of the individual associations, some minor changes and variations may occur. For example, the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) may allow competition to be the best of five while the Kentucky High School Athletic Association (KHSAA) or the West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission (WVSSAC) may only allow competition to be the best of three. Today, however, most state associations are now using the same guidelines and are also using rally scoring, the best-of-five competition format, and allowing the "libero" to serve. In addition, most states, if not all, have adopted the plain, white polo shirt for officials as opposed to the black and white striped shirt worn in the past.
Junior volleyball.
Junior volleyball is played in the U.S. in many organizations such as churches, the YMCA and the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU), but the largest sponsoring organization is USA Volleyball, which oversees what is commonly referred to as "club volleyball" and hosts a Junior Olympic Championship each year.
In club volleyball, junior players develop their skills and knowledge of the game, usually with the purpose of playing for high school teams. Elite players also prepare for college volleyball. The club season typically lasts from the end of November until July, with the annual Junior Olympic Championships (JOs) taking place in late June, early July. Teams typically play tournaments throughout the season, establishing their ranking in the various regions and preparing for JOs or a season-ending tournament such as the Volleyball Festival, which claims to be the largest annual sporting event in the world.[http://www.volleyball-festival.com/About.tpl]
To qualify for JOs, teams must compete in JO Qualifiers, also referred to as National Qualifiers. There are nine qualifying tournaments across the country, to which teams travel to gain an invitation to JOs. Top teams attend these tournaments to earn their bids, and college coaches will attend to view the year's crop of players.
The club season, long considered a supplemental place for girls and boys to gain experience in preparation for their upcoming high-school seasons, is now an almost necessity to stay competitive in the local high schools. It is also extremely important in the college recruitment process, as most college seasons coincide with state high school seasons, causing the college coaches to miss the entire season. This time is made up during the club season when college coaches are able to travel to various tournaments and meet with club coaches, watch club players, and recruit for their teams.
Today.
Volleyball is one of the most popular girls' sports, and strong high school and club programs are found throughout the country. According to a 2012 survey by the National Federation of State High School Associations, volleyball is the third highest sport for female participation at the high school level behind basketball and outdoor track and field. One of the biggest events in high school-age sports is the annual Volleyball Festival in Reno, Nevada, (formerly in Sacramento, California), which draws as many as 10,000 players and three thousand coaches for its five-day tournament.
Boys' volleyball is popular on a regional basis, and by far the greatest number of boys' teams are in Southern California. However, on the national stage, boys' volleyball remains far less popular than the girls' game at the high school level, as borne out by the following statistics from the aforementioned NFHS survey:
In the four years from 2004 to 2008, high school participation in boys' volleyball rose by more than 15%, from about 42,000 to nearly 50,000. However, since 2008, there has been essentially no growth in boys' volleyball participation.
External links.
National Governing Body
Collegiate
Beach
High School
Juniors
Professional
Olympic
Other

</doc>
<doc id="2905894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905894" title="Yan Zi">
Yan Zi

Yan Zi (; born November 12, 1984 in Chengdu, Sichuan), is a Chinese professional tennis player.
Career summary.
In 2005, at the age of 20, Yan Zi won her only WTA Tour singles title at the Guangzhou Tier III tournament.
In singles, she first reached the World Top 100 in January 2006, achieving a then career-high of World No. 72 that March before failing to defend her breakthrough run of results the previous year and dropping back outside the Top 100 that October. Her ranking had slumped to 262 by February 2007 after a year of disappointing results, but her results then picked up again over the rest of 2007; and she regained the top 100 for the first time in ten months after a spectacular run at Canada's Tier I Rogers Cup in August, reaching the semifinals before finally being heavily defeated by World No. 1 Justine Henin 3–6, 0–6.
In doubles, Yan Zi's highest ranking to date is number 4 and she has won two grand slam titles partnering with Zheng Jie. While she has been good at doubles, her singles performance has been inconsistent as her form fluctuates. She has winning records against top 10 stars Jelena Janković 2–0, Ana Ivanovic 1–0, and Marion Bartoli 1–0.
Singles career in detail.
2002–2003.
Until January 2002, Yan met with mixed results as a singles player in the lower reaches of the ITF tournament hierarchy. But that month, she reached the final of a $10,000 ITF event at Hull, losing to Liu Nan-Nan. In May, she avenged this defeat with a win over Liu in the first round of a $50,000 tournament at Fukuoka; and again in August she defeated Liu, this time in the quarter-final of a $25,000 tournament at Beijing, only to lose to Rika Fujiwara in the semifinal. In September, she qualified for the WTA Tour contest at Shanghai, only to lose in the first round. But she had reached numerous ITF quarter-finals during the year, and finished it ranked for the first time inside the world Top 300, at #299.
In February 2003, she narrowly failed to qualify at Hyderabad, losing to Maria Kirilenko in a tight three-set match in the final round of qualifying. She put in her career-best performance to date at Fukuoka, reaching the semi-final with wins over Rika Fujiwara and countrywoman Sun Tiantian, before losing to Japanese star Saori Obata despite winning more games, the scoreline standing at 6–2, 6–7, 5–7. In July, she qualified for a WTA event at Palermo by defeating Zheng Jie and Ivana Abramović, then fell in the main draw first round to Italian rising star Francesca Schiavone in another three-setter in which she won more games than her victorious opponent, the scoreline this time being 6–0, 4–6, 3–6. These defeats suggest that she quickly runs out of steam after giving it all in the first set, thereby allowing her opponent to regroup and eventually pocket the contest. The same week, she defeated countrywoman Sun Tiantian to qualify for a $50,000 tournament at Modena, and in the main draw ousted Yulia Beygelzimer and Adriana Serra Zanetti en route to a quarter-final loss. In September, she qualified for another WTA event, the Japan Open, and defeated Ashley Harkleroad in Round Two before losing, on this occasion, to Zheng Jie in the quarter-finals. In December, she reached the semi-final of a $50,000 tournament for the second time in the year, beating Tzipora Obziler in the quarter-final at Changsha before losing to another of her prominent countrywomen, Peng Shuai. The following week, she narrowly lost in the quarterfinal of the $50,000 contest at Shenzhen to future star Sesil Karatantcheva of Bulgaria, 6–3, 1–6, 4–6. The year had brought great improvement to Yan's singles results, and her year-end ranking correspondingly improved to 179.
2004.
Unfortunately, 2004 set back the Chinese player's progress slightly, but it was the calm before the storm. The year began poorly for her with a string of early losses, although she was ambitiously targeting only WTA events now, raising the bar on the required standard for successful competition. She failed to win a first-round main draw match the entire year, meeting only with moderate success in qualifying rounds; and ultimately the only relief she could find towards salvaging her world ranking was a retreat to ITF events late in the year. She reached the semi-final of a $25,000 tournament at Beijing in September (losing again to Zheng Jie), and the same stage at Shenzhen 2 (where she shocked by Li Na in the quarter-finals, then lost yet again to Zheng). This late flourish of results was enough to limp her home to a year-end ranking of 248.
2005.
In January, 2005, Yan battled her way past three high-quality opponents, Julia Schruff, Shikha Uberoi and Melinda Czink, to qualify for Tennis Gold Coast, an important WTA event, where she was removed by Tatiana Golovin of France. Then in May, she managed to beat Uberoi again after qualifying for Rabat with a win over Tiantian Sun, only to lose to Arantxa Parra Santonja in the second round. Then in June, she surpassed her previous career-best result, reaching the final of a $50,000 tournament at Beijing with wins over Sun and Zheng, but lost in the final to less-feted countrywoman Li Ting. The following month, as a direct entrant to the WTA event at Modena, she defeated the much higher-ranked Marta Domachowska of Poland before losing a close three-setter to Sanda Mamić. In September, she avenged her defeat by Li Ting to qualify for Bali, only to succumb to Ting's former doubles partner Li Na in Round Two of the main draw.
On September 26, she began competing in the WTA event at Guangzhou, this year up-rated to Tier III status, and shocked herself by proceeding to "win the entire tournament", having previously "failed to win even one ITF singles title", and having only once reached the quarter-final stage at any WTA Tour event. To achieve this astonishing outcome, she had to produce some of her best tennis to conquer defending champion Li Na in the quarter-final, which she finally won 6–7, 7–5, 7–6 after an intense battle. The other matches against worthy opposition looked easy by comparison, as she crushed Marta Domachowska for the loss of just three games in Round Two, fought past impressive emerging teen star Victoria Azarenka 6–4, 6–3 in the semi-final, and was up 6–4, 4–0 against Nuria Llagostera Vives in the final when the Spaniard conceded victory.
A semi-final result in November's $50,000 Shenzhen tournament capped off what had proved to be a superlative year for Yan, leaving her world-ranked 104, within the direct-entry threshold of Grand Slam events and minor WTA tournaments, and within the qualifying-entry threshold of even the more exclusive WTA fixtures.
2006.
As if these scores were not enough to prove her capability to the wider world, at the Australian Open she knocked out former No. 15 and the previous year's semi-finalist, Nathalie Dechy of France, in the first round, she then defeated unseeded Aleksandra Wozniak 6–3, 6–4, before suffering to former No. 19 Sybille Bammer. February brought more disappointing results in singles for Yan, as she lost a three-setter to Emma Laine of Finland at Pattaya, and failed to qualify for Doha and Dubai. But still, her January results and some points picked up in qualifying rounds in February had improved her world ranking to a career-best 66, just one place behind Li Na.
2007.
At the second round of the 2007 Canada Masters in Toronto, Canada she upset World No. 4 Ana Ivanovic with a score of 6–3, 6–1 in just over an hour, even as Ivanovic had a rare off day. She then beat Eleni Daniilidou in the third round and 2007's Wimbledon's finalist Marion Bartoli (who retired while trailing 2–6, 0–3) in the quarters. Yan's run was ended in the semi-finals by World No.1 Justine Henin, who showed the door through a straight sets 3–6, 0–6 win over her.
2008.
Yan started 2008 poorly, with a first round loss at the Australian Open to eventual quarterfinalist Venus Williams 6–2, 7–5. However, at the Bangalore Open she upset Maria Kirilenko saving 3 match points. Afterwards she managed to upset Jelena Janković in a quarterfinal, winning 6–3, 3–6, 6–3, although Janković did struggle with a shoulder injury. She eventually lost to runner-up Patty Schnyder 6–3, 6–4. She made her top 50 debut afterwards at No. 43.
At the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, Yan and her partner Zheng Jie won the women's doubles bronze medal, defeating the Ukrainian duo of Alona and Kateryna Bondarenko in the Bronze medal match.
2009.
In January, Yan played qualifying singles, women's doubles, and mixed doubles at the Australian Open. In qualifying singles, she was seeded eighth but lost to unseeded Alexandra Panova of Russia, 7–6 (7–2), 2–6, 9–7 in the qualifying second round. In women's doubles, she partnered with countrywoman Zheng Jie and was seeded sixth and lost in the third round. In mixed doubles, she partnered with Mark Knowles of the Bahamas and was seeded second and lost in the second round. Because of playing doubles extensively her singles ranking has dropped to where it is hard for her to get into events. She has started playing doubles with Chia-Jung Chuang, now because she wants to get out of Zheng's shadow. The choice was more so, though, because she wants to improve her singles ranking.
Doubles career highlights.
2006 Australian Doubles Tournament.
At the Australian Open, Yan Zi was active in the women's doubles tournament with long-time playing partner Zheng Jie, with whom she had been regularly competing at ITF events since as early as April 2000. To universal acclaim, the pairing won the Women's Doubles Title outright, and so became the first Chinese tennis players – male or female – to reach a final of a Grand Slam tournament, as well as win it. The route to the final was:
Wimbledon 2006.
In July the same year, she captured the ladies' doubles final at Wimbledon with longtime partner Zheng Jie. They defeated opponents Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez 6–3 3–6 6–2.
Path to the Final

</doc>
<doc id="2905895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905895" title="Michelle Federer">
Michelle Federer

Michelle Federer (born December 5, 1973) is an American film and theatre actress.
Early life and education.
Federer is the daughter of John and Claudia Federer. She grew up in Shaker Heights, Ohio, where she was a student of the Shaker Heights High School Theatre Arts Department under the direction of James Thornton, and she gained early experience working in the University School Theater Program, where she first worked and became friends with future "Wicked" castmate Michael Seelbach. Federer's father was a math teacher in the Shaker Heights Public School System teaching at Byron Junior High School (now Shaker Heights Middle School) and currently teaches at the Hebrew Academy of Cleveland's Saperstien Campus. As a teen, Federer attended Stagedoor Manor Performing Arts Camp, located in Loch Sheldrake, New York. In 1995, she graduated from Ithaca College, located in Ithaca, New York, with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Musical Theatre.
Career.
Theatre.
She understudied the role of Adele Rice in the 2001 Off-Broadway production of "A Man of No Importance" at the Lincoln Center.
She made her Broadway debut as Nessarose in "Wicked", a character she originated. The show opened October 30, 2003, starring Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel, with music and lyrics by Stephen Schwartz. Federer, who was the longest-running original principal cast member, left the production on January 8, 2006, and was succeeded by understudy Cristy Candler. Federer can be heard on the "Wicked" cast recording.
She was featured in the Broadway play "Three Days of Rain", in which she was the understudy for Julia Roberts in the roles of Nan and Lina. 
She also appeared as Allison in the Atlantic Theatre Company's production of "Anon" in 2007.
On October 27, 2008, Federer took part in "The Yellow Brick Road Not Taken", a fifth anniversary concert featuring a selection of scenes and songs cut from early drafts of "Wicked". The concert starred former co-stars Shoshana Bean and Jennifer Laura Thompson. 
Federer returned to the role of Nessarose in Broadway's "Wicked" with performances beginning August 18, 2009, this time replacing Candler. She ended her return engagement on January 10, 2010, and was replaced by Jenny Fellner.
T.V. and Film.
Federer has also appeared in various small film roles, including the biographical film "Kinsey" (2004) and independent romance film "Flannel Pajamas" (2006).
Federer appeared in a recurring role on NBC's "Smash" in which she plays Monica Swift, the wife of Michael (Will Chase) who has an affair with Debra Messing's character Julia. The series also stars Megan Hilty, who starred on Broadway alongside Federer in "Wicked". The show premiered in the United States on February 6, 2012.
Personal life.
Federer is married to long-time boyfriend, and former "Wicked" co-star, Norbert Leo Butz. Their daughter, Georgia Teresa, was born on 2 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2905913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905913" title="Robert Maximilian de Gaynesford">
Robert Maximilian de Gaynesford

Maximilian de Gaynesford (born 1968) is an English philosopher. He was educated at Ampleforth College and Balliol College, Oxford (1986–9; First in Modern History), after which he spent several years studying Theology, before turning to Philosophy in 1993. Before receiving his doctorate, he was elected Fellow and Tutor in Philosophy at Lincoln College, Oxford (1997). He was subsequently Humboldt Research Fellow at the Freie Universität Berlin (2003) and a tenured professor at The College of William and Mary in Virginia (2002–2006) before becoming Professor of Philosophy at the University of Reading. He is the author of over forty articles and three books: "I: The Meaning of the First Person Term" (2006), "Hilary Putnam" (2006), and "John McDowell" (2004). In 2011, he edited a collection of articles on the Philosophy of Action, "Agents And Their Actions" (Blackwell), which includes recent work by John McDowell and Joseph Raz. He also spoke at the Harvard Conference in celebration of Hilary Putnam, recorded here [http://vimeo.com/26964548]. He is married to Brett, and they have a daughter, Elisabeth (born 2009).
Recent Work.
Most of his papers can be found here [https://reading.academia.edu/MaximiliandeGaynesford]
Main Writings.
"I: The Meaning of the First Person Term".
The book "I: The Meaning of the First Person Term" (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2006) rejects the established view that "I" is a so-called "Pure Indexical", arguing that it is a deictic term, and hence like the other singular personal pronouns ("You"; "He / She").
The established view, so the book argues, depends on three mutually supportive doctrines which turn out to be myths:
The radically new account of "I" (as a deictic term) depends on various kinds of evidence:
This account has a major bearing on other areas of research: the meaning of "I" is used to elucidate the thoughts expressed by the term, and so helps account for difficult and controversial features of self-knowledge, practical reasoning, belief-acquisition, and belief-ascription.
"Hilary Putnam".
A critical evaluation which reveals a basic unity in Putnam’s work ("Hilary Putnam", McGill-Queens University Press / Acumen, 2006), achieved through repeated engagements with a small set of hard problems, all of which stem from the need to account for the intentionality of thought and language.
"John McDowell".
A study ("John McDowell", Blackwell / Polity Press, 2004) of McDowell's view that treating our fundamental relations with the world as problematic is a deep mistake, attributable to false views about nature, and that we should give proper weight to a natural fact about the world: that human beings are of a kind that is naturally placed within the natural order.

</doc>
<doc id="2905914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905914" title="Amcal">
Amcal

Allied Master Chemists of Australia Limited (Amcal) was founded by Major General C. H. Simpson on 13 July 1937, starting a movement that was to greatly influence pharmacy in Australia. The founding group consisted of 11 pharmacists who saw the value in joining together to maximise buying so as to offer competitive prices and better product ranges to their customers.
The launch of Amcal to consumers was included personal letters to each household, window posters, a giveaway of a tablet of soap and a brochure entitled "Why this is an Amcal Pharmacy". 
Australia.
Originally Amcal was a buying group owned by the members who all had shares in the Amcal group. Sigma bought out the members shares in 2000 with the lure of more money and better centralised marketing. It is still a marketing group, however a franchise division of Amcal called Amcal Max is now marketing under a more competitive and complient model. In Australia, Amcal is operated by Sigma Pharmaceuticals Limited.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, Amcal is a pharmacy franchise. Amcal's marketing is managed by the owner of Amcal New Zealand, Pharmacybrands, a division of Australian Pharmaceutical Industries.

</doc>
<doc id="2905916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905916" title="Secretariat of Tourism (Mexico)">
Secretariat of Tourism (Mexico)

The Mexican Secretary of Tourism (, "SECTUR") is the government department in charge of the nation's tourism promotion and development. The Secretary is appointed by the President of the Republic and is a member of the federal executive cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="2905929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905929" title="Color of Her Eyes">
Color of Her Eyes

Color of Her Eyes is a 1990 EP by the Gear Daddies. The song "Color of Her Eyes" is also on their full-length album Billy's Live Bait.

</doc>
<doc id="2905933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905933" title="Margaret Feldner">
Margaret Feldner

Sr. Margaret Feldner, O.S.F., Ph.D., served as Quincy University's 21st president. Feldner assumed the post January 1, 2004. She was the first woman president appointed to the role at Quincy University. On December 19, 2006, the university announced that Feldner had been excused from her duties following a vote of no confidence by the school's faculty, a move precipitated by a 30% decrease in freshmen enrollment over two years. Sr. Margaret earned the nickname "Head Nun" while occupying the office of President at Quincy University.
In 2009, after working with the Excel program in Okolona, Feldner served at The Dwelling Place Retreat and Prayer Center in rural eastern Mississippi. The Dwelling Place Retreat and prayer center operated primarily from mobile home units and during her time there Feldner secured a $20,000.00 grant to refurbish the dining room. In 2011, Feldner resigned from her position.
Feldner previously served as Vice President for Academic Affairs and Academic Dean at Clarke College in Dubuque, Iowa, a post she held since 2000. A member of Franciscan Sisters of the Holy Family, Feldner has served in many administrative and instructional capacities in the field of education. At the collegiate level, Feldner has served as a department chair of education at both Briar Cliff College (1992-1997) and Clarke College (1997-2000). Feldner has served as project director for a number of grants and has extensive experience in the development and implementation of academic assessment strategies.
During her career, Feldner has taught at the graduate, undergraduate, secondary and elementary school levels. At the collegiate level, she has taught at Clarke College (1985-1990 and 1997-2000), University of Dayton (1990-1992) and Briar Cliff College (1992-1997). Feldner taught C.C.D. (Confraternity of Christian Doctrine) classes at the secondary level from 1965 to 1978. She served as assistant to the superintendent of schools for the Archdiocese of Dubuque (1984-1990), and as an educational consultant for the Archdiocese of Portland (1982-1984). Feldner taught at the elementary school level from 1958 to 1978 and served as a principal for an elementary school in Oregon from 1978 to 1982.
Feldner earned a Ph.D. in educational leadership from the University of Dayton (Ohio) in 1994, and a master’s degree in guidance and counseling with an endorsement in administration and supervision from DePaul University (Chicago) in 1974. She earned a B.A. from Briar Cliff College (Sioux City, Iowa) in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2905938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905938" title="Agathocles (son of Lysimachus)">
Agathocles (son of Lysimachus)

Agathocles (; born between 320–310s BC – died 284 BC) was a Greek Prince who was of Macedonian and Thessalian descent. He was the son born to the diadochus Lysimachus from his first wife the Queen consort, Nicaea a daughter of the powerful regent Antipater. His full blooded siblings were his younger sisters:Eurydice and Arsinoe I.
Agathocles was sent by his father against the Getae, about 292 BC, but was defeated and taken prisoner. He was kindly treated by Dromichaetes the king of the Getae, and sent back to his father with presents; but Lysimachus, notwithstanding, marched against the Getae, and was taken prisoner himself. He too was also released by Dromichaetes, who received in consequence the daughter of Lysimachus in marriage. According to some authors it was only Agathocles and according to others only Lysimachus, who was taken prisoner.
In 287 BC Agathocles was sent by his father against Demetrius I Poliorcetes, who had marched into Anatolia to deprive Lysimachus of Lydia and Caria. In this expedition he was successful; he defeated Demetrius I and drove him out of his father's provinces. Agathocles was destined to be the successor of Lysimachus, and was popular among his subjects. His stepmother Arsinoe II, prejudiced the mind of his father against him and after an unsuccessful attempt to poison him, Lysimachus cast him into prison, where he was murdered (284 BC) by Ptolemy Keraunos (a paternal half-brother of Arsinoe II), who was a fugitive at the court of Lysimachus. His maternal cousin-wife and now widow Lysandra with their children fled with Alexander (Agathocles' paternal half-brother) to Seleucus I Nicator in Asia, who made war upon Lysimachus in consequence.
Louis Robert has suggested that coins "ΑΓΑΘ" of 300 BC belong to an Agathocleia city in Mysia founded by Agathocles.

</doc>
<doc id="2905941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905941" title="Kalmar Nation, Lund">
Kalmar Nation, Lund

Kalmar Nation is one of thirteen student societies of Lund University in Sweden.
History.
The nation was originally intended for students from the city of Kalmar. The first known date for its establishment was February 29, 1696 – some 40 years after the university had been founded – but it is not confirmed whether the nation was an independent nation up until around 1750. It is most likely that it often worked in cooperation with other nations, as Lund University did not have many students at the time.
In 1767 Kalmar Nation formally merged with the Östgöta Nation and Västgöta Nation to form the "Götiska Nation". This remained the case until 1817, when the increase in students allowed Kalmar Nation to form its own society.
In 1897, Kalmar Nation held the "Largest Kroppkaka fest", celebrating this Swedish potato dish. It subsequently became one of the known attributes of the nation, and over the years at least 54 fests have been held.
Today.
The nation is referred to as a "nice little nation", due to its small premises and cozy atmosphere. There is no club space, making it the only nation to hold weekly pubs but no clubs. It is also the only nation open on Tuesday nights.
It has 1,750 members out of a total number of 34,000 students at the university, and thus belongs to the medium-sized nations.
References.
Detailed information and about the nation and its history is available in print from the nation office in Lund.

</doc>
<doc id="2905947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905947" title="Swinburne, Smith and Company">
Swinburne, Smith and Company

Swinburne, Smith and Company was a railroad locomotive manufacturing company of the mid-19th century. The company was founded in 1845, in Paterson, New Jersey, by a partnership between William Swinburne and Samuel Smith. Swinburne had been a pattern maker for Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor of Paterson, who worked his way up to become shop foreman. Smith was foreman moulder at Rogers.
The company's first major client was the Erie Railway. Other customers included the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad and the Chicago and Alton Railroad.
Swinburne remained in business for only a decade, failing with the Panic of 1857. Afterwards, the firm reorganized, with James Jackson joining the partnership, and became the New Jersey Locomotive and Machine Company. John Brandt was the superintendent and principal design engineer. Among the engines produced by the firm is the "William Crooks" of the Great Northern Railway, which is the sole surviving engine built by the firm.
In 1863 the company experienced financial difficulties. Banker David B. Grant took control of the company and changed its name to Grant Locomotive Works.

</doc>
<doc id="2905964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905964" title="Zamboni (song)">
Zamboni (song)

"Zamboni" is a song written by Martin Zellar and recorded by his band Gear Daddies. The song tells the story of a man's desire to drive an ice resurfacer, popularly known by the brand name "Zamboni", and his request to drive the Zamboni for his local ice hockey team. Since its release, it has sometimes been played between periods at hockey games while the Zamboni cleans the ice.
It originally appeared as a hidden track on the band's 1990 CD, "Billy's Live Bait".
The song also appeared on the soundtracks for the following Disney movies:

</doc>
<doc id="2905976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905976" title="Fort Ranger">
Fort Ranger

Fort Ranger was a historical fort located near Rutland, Vermont, USA which dates back to 1778. The first commander was Captain Gideon Brownson. (Ann Story Chapter DAR) During the American Revolutionary war Whitcomb's Rangers were stationed there.
Works cited.
Ann Story Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution. Engraved stone drinking fountain. June 14, 1903. Rutland, VT. Visited August 27, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2905979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905979" title="The Football Combination">
The Football Combination

The Football Combination was a football competition for the reserve teams of English Football League clubs from Southern England and Wales, clubs from the Midlands and the North playing in the Central League. (It is not to be confused with the Combination, a league for teams from North West England which existed at the turn of the 20th century.)
The Football Combination was founded in 1915 as the London Combination, originally as a regional league for London clubs after first-class competition had been suspended due to World War I. After hostilities ended, the Combination became a competition for reserve sides only, becoming the Football Combination for the 1939-40 season, which was abandoned due to the start of World War II, as teams from outside London started to join. 
The Combination originally included reserve teams of top League clubs within the region, but in 1999 the FA Premier Reserve League was founded. The reserve teams of the FA Premier League clubs and some First Division clubs joined that competition, reducing the size of the Combination (however, in 2006, Premier League clubs voted that only the 20 top-tier teams would be able to play in this league, which meant several well-established reserve sides moving to the Combination). 
The 2011–12 season was the last in the history of the Combination, with the introduction of the EPPP deeming the league surplus to requirements.
Combination Challenge Cup.
The Combination also operated a cup competition - The Combination Challenge Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2905982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905982" title="Transdisciplinarity">
Transdisciplinarity

Transdisciplinarity connotes a research strategy that crosses many disciplinary boundaries to create a holistic approach. It applies to research efforts focused on problems that cross the boundaries of two or more disciplines, such as research on effective information systems for biomedical research (see bioinformatics), and can refer to concepts or methods that were originally developed by one discipline, but are now used by several others, such as ethnography, a field research method originally developed in anthropology but now widely used by other disciplines.
Usage.
Transdisciplinarity has two common meanings:
German usage.
In German speaking countries, "Transdisziplinarität" refers to the integration of diverse forms of research, and includes specific methods for relating knowledge in problem-solving. A 2003 conference held in Göttingen showcased the diverse meanings of multi-, inter- and transdisciplinarity and made suggestions for converging them without eliminating present usages.
When the very nature of a problem is under dispute, transdisciplinarity can help determine the most relevant problems and research questions involved. A first type of question concerns the cause of the present problems and their future development (system knowledge). Another concerns which values and norms can be used to form goals of the problem-solving process (target knowledge). A third relates to how a problematic situation can be transformed and improved (transformation knowledge). Transdisciplinarity requires adequate addressing of the complexity of problems and the diversity of perceptions of them, that abstract and case-specific knowledge are linked, and that practices promote the common good.
Transdisciplinarity arises when participating experts interact in an open discussion and dialogue, giving equal weight to each perspective and relating them to each other. This is difficult because of the overwhelming amount of information involved, and because of incommensurability of specialized languages in each field of expertise. To excel under these conditions, researchers need not only in-depth knowledge and know-how of the disciplines involved, but skills in moderation, mediation, association and transfer.
Wider usage.
Transdisciplinarity is also used to signify a unity of knowledge beyond disciplines.
Jean Piaget introduced this usage of the term in 1970, and in 1987, the International Center for Transdisciplinary Research (CIRET) adopted the Charter of Transdisciplinarity at the 1st World Congress of Transdisciplinarity, Convento da Arrabida, Portugal, November 1994.
In the CIRET approach, transdisciplinarity is radically distinct from interdisciplinarity. Interdisciplinarity, like pluridisciplinarity, concerns the transfer of methods from one discipline to another, allowing research to spill over disciplinary boundaries, but staying within the framework of disciplinary research.
As the prefix "trans" indicates, transdisciplinarity concerns that which is at once between the disciplines, across the different disciplines, and beyond each individual discipline. Its goal is the understanding of the present world, of which one of the imperatives is the overarching unity of knowledge.
Another critical defining characteristic of transdisciplinary research is the inclusion of stakeholders in defining research objectives and strategies in order to better incorporate the diffusion of learning produced by the research. Collaboration between stakeholders is deemed essential – not merely at an academic or disciplinary collaboration level, but through active collaboration with people affected by the research and community-based stakeholders. In such a way, transdisciplinary collaboration becomes uniquely capable of engaging with different ways of knowing the world, generating new knowledge, and helping stakeholders understand and incorporate the results or lessons learned by the research.
Transdisciplinarity is defined by Basarab Nicolescu through three methodological postulates: the existence of levels of Reality, the logic of the included middle, and complexity. In the presence of several levels of Reality the space between disciplines and beyond disciplines is full of information. Disciplinary research concerns, at most, one and the same level of Reality ; moreover, in most cases, it only concerns fragments of one level of Reality. On the contrary, transdisciplinarity concerns the dynamics engendered by the action of several levels of Reality at once. The discovery of these dynamics necessarily passes through disciplinary knowledge. While not a new discipline or a new superdiscipline, transdisciplinarity is nourished by disciplinary research; in turn, disciplinary research is clarified by transdisciplinary knowledge in a new, fertile way. In this sense, disciplinary and transdisciplinary research are not antagonistic but complementary. As in the case of disciplinarity, transdisciplinary research is not antagonistic but complementary to multidisciplinarity and interdisciplinarity research.
According to Nicolescu, transdisciplinarity is nevertheless radically distinct from multidisciplinarity and interdisciplinarity because of its goal, the understanding of the present world, which cannot be accomplished in the framework of disciplinary research. The goal of multidisciplinarity and interdisciplinarity always remains within the framework of disciplinary research. If transdisciplinarity is often confused with interdisciplinarity or multidisciplinarity (and by the same token, we note that interdisciplinarity is often confused with multidisciplinarity) this is explained in large part by the fact that all three overflow disciplinary boundaries. Advocates maintain this confusion hides the huge potential of transdisciplinarity.
Arts and Humanities.
Transdisciplinarity can be found in the arts and humanities. For example, the Planetary Collegium seeks "the development of transdisciplinary discourse in the convergence of art, science, technology and consciousness research."
Global education.
Transdisciplinarity can be also found in Global Education. For example, Global Education Magazine, an international journal supported by UNESCO and UNHCR:
"transdisciplinarity represents the capable germ to promote an endogenous development of the evolutionary spirit of internal critical consciousness, where religion and science are complementary. Respect, solidarity and cooperation should be global standards for the entire human development with no boundaries. This requires a radical change in the ontological models of sustainable development, global education and world-society. We must rely on the recognition of a plurality of models, cultures and socio-economical diversification. As well as biodiversity is the way for the emergence of new species, cultural diversity represents the creative potential of world-society." 
Human Sciences.
The range of transdisciplinarity becomes clear when the four central questions of biological research ((1) "causation", (2) "ontogeny," (3) adaptation, (4) phylogeny Niko Tinbergen 1963, see also Tinbergen's four questions, cf. Aristotle: Causality / Four Major Causes) are graphed against distinct levels of analysis (e.g. cell, organ, "individual, group"; "Laws about the Levels of Complexity" of Nicolai Hartmann 1940/1964, see also Rupert Riedl 1984):
In this “scheme of transdisciplinarity”, all anthropological disciplines (paragraph C in the table of the pdf-file below), their questions (paragraph A: see pdf-file) and results (paragraph B: see pdf-file) can be intertwined and allocated with each other examples how these aspects go into those little boxes in the matrix, see e.g. the table This chart includes all realms of anthropological research (no one is excluded). It is the starting point for a systematical order for all human sciences, and also a source for a consistent networking and structuring of their results. This “bio-psycho-social” orientation framework is the basis for the development of the "Fundamental Theory of Human Sciences" and for a transdisciplinary consensus. (In this tabulated orientation matrix the questions and reference levels in "italics" are also the subject of the humanities.)

</doc>
<doc id="2905983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905983" title="Yuri Rytkheu">
Yuri Rytkheu

Yuri Sergeyevich Rytkheu (, 8 March 1930 – 14 May 2008) was a Chukchi writer, who wrote in both his native Chukchi and in Russian. He is considered to be the father of Chukchi literature.
Biography.
Yuri Rytkheu was born 8 March 1930 to a family of trappers and hunters. His birthplace, the village of Uelen, was then in the Chukotka District, Far Eastern Territory, RSFSR, USSR; it is now part of the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. His grandfather was a shaman. 
At birth, he was given the name ”Rytkheu”, which means ”unknown” in the Chukchi language. Since Soviet institutions did not recognize Chukchi names and the Chukchi do not commonly use surnames, in order to obtain his passport he used his first name as his surname and assumed the first name and patronymic of a Russian geologist he knew.
Rytkheu graduated from the Soviet 7-year school in Uelen. He wanted to continue his education at the Institute of the Peoples of the North, but was not selected to study there, because of his young age. Consequently, he decided to go to Leningrad on his own, to continue his study. This travel was delayed for several years. In order to earn money for this journey, the future writer took odd jobs; for instance, he worked on the seas and on geological expeditions and trapped animals, stevedored at a hydrography base. Rytkheu moved to Anadyr and enrolled in a vocational school. In 1947 he started writing articles for the Anadyr district-based magazine "Soviet Chukotka" (Советская Чукотка), which published his first stories and poems. In Anadyr, Rytkheu met the Leningrad-based scholar Pyotr Skorik, who was leading a linguistic expedition in the area and who was responsible for helping the young writer move to Leningrad.
From 1949 until 1954 Rytkheu studied literature at Leningrad State University. He was only slightly older than 20 when his works started appearing in "Young Leningrad" (Молодой Ленинград), and then later on in other periodicals such as "Ogonyok", "Young World" (Молодой мир), "The Far East" (Дальний Восток) and "Youth" (Смена). In 1953, the publishing company Young Guard published his first collection of stories "The People of Our Coast" (Люди нашего берега), in Russian. This book was later translated into Chukchi by A. Smolyana (А. Смоляна). While still a student, Rytkheu also translated the works of Pushkin, Tolstoy, Gorky and Tikhon Syomushkin into Chukchi. In 1954, Rytkheu was accepted into the USSR Union of Writers.
Upon graduating from Leningrad University, Rytkheu spent a few years living in Magadan, working as a correspondent for the newspaper "Magadanskaya Pravda". After two years in Magadan, a collection short stories "Chukotkan Saga" (Чукотская сага) was published, and brought the writer recognition from both Soviet and foreign readers.
After Magadan, he moved to Leningrad, where he spent the rest of his life. In 1967, Rytkheu joined the Communist Party. Rytkheu travelled extensively around the world on creative trips and with cultural and goodwill visits. As Rytkheu spoke fluent English, he was invited to give lectures at American universities. He also worked with UNESCO for a time.
Rytkheu died in Saint Petersburg on 14 May 2008, after a long battle with myeloma. He is buried in Komorovskoe Cemetery near the grave of his wife.
Works.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, his works were no longer published in the new post-Soviet states. Finding himself in a difficult position, he even said that he would emigrate to the United States. However, through Chinghiz Aitmatov, he met with Swiss publisher Lucien Leitess who signed a contract to publish Rytkheu’s works in German, and who would go on to become his literary agent. Rytkheu’s works were introduced to readers in France, Finland, the Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Spain, Japan, and other countries. Тhe German editions of his books have sold more than 250,000 copies and Swiss publisher Unionsverlag has published them in other European languages, as well. The situation in Russia, however, was quite the opposite since the time his book "Путешествие в молодости" was published in 1991. Since the turn of the millennium, the Governor of Chukotka Roman Abramovich has sponsored the distribution of a small run of Rytkeu’s works in Russia, approximately one a year, all of which are issued only in Chukotka. The first of these books was a new work called "In the Mirror of Oblivion" (В зеркале забвения).
Rytkheu’s works have been translated into numerous languages, including several national languages of the former USSR. In addition, the composer Eduard Artemyev set Rytkheu’s poems to music in the 1985 vocal-instrumental suite "The Warmth of the Earth" (Тепло Земли).
Only a few of his works have been translated into English, including his "A Dream in Polar Fog" (), originally published in 1970, which was published by Archipelago Books in 2005.
Colin Thubron summarized his career as follows:
For his earlier books, there are those who never forgave him. His slavish pursuit of the Party line and open repudiation of his people’s traditions are embarrassingly manifest in works that celebrate the (nonexistent) transformation of his native Chukotka into a Soviet paradigm. ... But by the late 1970s, as the slow literary thaw continued, he started to write differently. Perhaps influenced by the "derevenshchiki", the “village writers” who turned for their values to the unspoiled countryside, he began to extol precisely the Chukchi oral culture that he had once repudiated.
Bibliography.
All of Rytkheu’s works are related in some way to the lives of the Chukchi:
Books.
Translations.
Into French.
Transliteration of author's name into French: "Youri Rytkhèou".
Into German.
In German, the author's name is transliterated as "Juri Rytchëu".

</doc>
<doc id="2905986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905986" title="Battle of Oshikibata">
Battle of Oshikibata

The was a preliminary round of the battle of Miyajima which was to follow. Mōri Motonari sought to avenge Sue Harukata's coup against their lord, Ōuchi Yoshitaka, and succeeded. Following the battle of Miyajima, the Mōri clan gained all the Ōuchi lands, and replaced them as one of the most powerful families in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2905998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2905998" title="The Fallen Ones">
The Fallen Ones

The Fallen Ones is a Sci Fi Channel original movie from 2005.
Plot.
The story involves an archaeologist uncovering, and ultimately fighting, one of the Nephilim. This creature is the offspring of a Fallen Angel named Ammon, that is trying to destroy the world by reviving his son after having him mummified prior to the Biblical flood. Once his son is revived, Ammon would be able to spawn a new generation of Nephilim.
Production.
It was written, produced, edited and directed by Kevin VanHook. Based on a biblical reference to giants (Genesis 6:4). The film stars Casper Van Dien, Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley, Navid Negahban, Kristen Miller and Geoffrey Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="2906001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906001" title="Tigers Militia">
Tigers Militia

The Tigers Militia (Arabic: نمور الأحرار, transliterated: "Numūr" or "Al-Noumour"), also known as NLP Tigers or Tigers of the Liberals (Arabic: "Numur al-Ahrar") and PNL "Lionceaux" in French, was the military wing of the National Liberal Party (NLP) during the Lebanese Civil War.
Origins.
The NLP militia was first raised in October 1968 by Camille Chamoun at his own home town of Es-Sa’adiyat, originally under the title Brigade of the Lebanese Tigers – BLT (Arabic: "Katibat al-Numur al-Lubnaniyya") or Brigade des Lionceaux Libanais (BLL) in French, allegedly taken from his middle name, "Nimr" – meaning “Tiger” in Arabic. Initially just 500-men strong, the BLT was organized, trained, and led by the ‘defence secretary’ of the NLP Naim Berdkan; after his death in action in January 1976, he was succeeded by Dany Chamoun, Camille Chamoun's son.
Allocated at first in the NLP party offices’ at the neighborhood of Sodeco in the Achrafieh quarter of Beirut, the Tigers’ military HQ was relocated in 1978 to Safra, a boat marina and tourist beach resort located 25 km north of the Lebanese capital in the Keserwan District, where it remained until the militia’s dissolution.
Structure and organization.
Under the command of Dany Chamoun, the Tigers had become by 1978 the second largest militia force in the Christian Lebanese Front, well-provided with modern small-arms and bolstered since 1976 by an assortment of ex-Lebanese Army M41 Walker Bulldog and AMX-13 light tanks, Charioteer tank destroyers, M42 Duster SPAAGs, M113 and Panhard M3 VTT Armoured personnel carriers, Staghound armoured cars, Panhard AML-90 armoured cars, and a fleet of gun-trucks (M151 jeeps, Land-Rover series II-III, Toyota Land Cruiser (J40), Peugeot 404, Dodge Power Wagon W200 and Chrysler light pickups, and GMC cargo trucks) fitted with heavy machine guns, recoilless rifles, anti-aircraft autocannons and light MBRLs.
Although the Chamouns never achieved with their militia the same level of organizational efficiency displayed by the rival Phalange' Kataeb Regulatory Forces militia, they were nonetheless capable of aligning 3,500 men and women, though other sources list a total of 4,000.
Its 500 full-time fighters and 3,000 part-time reservists were organized into armoured, ‘commando’, infantry, artillery, signals, medical, logistics and military police branches.
Their chain of command was predominantly Maronite, though the rank-and-file were drawn from the Maronite, Greek-Orthodox, Druze, and Shi’ite militants of the NLP and trained in-country at clandestine facilities; first set up by the NLP in 1966 these training centres were located at Naas in the Metn, Es-Saadiyat in the Iqlim al-Kharrub coastal enclave south of Beirut and in Adma at the northern mountainous Keserwan District.
The Tigers also received covert support from Jordan and Egypt since 1973, followed by Israel and Syria in 1976-77, who provided further training as well as additional weapons and heavy equipment, including twenty M50 Super Sherman Tanks, BTR-152 APCs, field artillery, BM-12 (Chinese Type 63) 107mm towed MBRLs, and anti-aircraft autocannons.
NLP militia units operated mainly in East Beirut, Jbeil and Tripoli in the Metn, Mount Lebanon and Keserwan Districts, but also had a presence at Zahlé in the Beqaa valley, at the south in the Iqlim al-Kharrub and the Jabal Amel, where their local militants later played a key part in the formation of the Israeli-backed 'Free Lebanese Militia/Army', South Lebanon Army’s predecessor.
Illegal activities and controversy.
Financing for the NLP militia came at first from both Chamoun’s personal fortune and from 'protection' rackets collected in the areas under their control, though they also received outside help. Conservative Arab countries such as Saudi Arabia and Jordan, together with Egypt and Israel, provided covert funding, weapons, ammunition, training and other non-lethal assistance. Most of it entered towards the illegal port of Dbayeh, set up in early 1976 and run by Joseph Abboud, former personal chauffeur of Camille Chamoun, who carried out drug-smuggling and arms contraband activities at the behalf of the NLP until 1980, when the Lebanese Forces brought the port under their authority.
Ruthless fighters with a reputation of aggressiveness, aggrivated by lack of discipline and restraint, they were involved in the Karantina, al-Masklah and Tel al-Zaatar Massacres of Palestinian refugees in East Beirut and Dbayeh, allied with the Army of Free Lebanon, Al-Tanzim, Kataeb Regulatory Forces and the Guardians of the Cedars.
Towards the end of the 1970s, however, rivalries within the Lebanese Front coalition strained the relationship between the NLP Tigers’ militia and their erstwhile Christian allies, leading them to violent confrontation with the Phalangists and the Guardians of the Cedars (GoC). The Tigers’ even battled these two factions in May 1979 for control of the Fern el-Shebak and Ain el-Rammaneh districts in Beirut, and for the town of Akoura in the Metn.
The Tigers in the civil war 1975-77.
Upon the outbreak of the civil war in April 1975, the NLP Tigers immediately engaged the leftist Lebanese National Movement (LNM) militias and its Palestinian PLO allies, being heavily committed in several battles in and outside the Beirut area.
At the Battle of the Hotels in October 1975, they supported their Phalangist allies of the Kataeb Regulatory Forces (KRF) militia against the Al-Murabitoun and the Nasserite Correctionist Movement (NCM) for the control of the Hotels district in centre Beirut.
In January 1976 the collapse of the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) enabled the Tigers to take over Army barracks and depots located at Ashrafieh, Ain el-Rammaneh, Hadath, Baabda, and Hazmiyeh districts of East Beirut, seizing heavy weapons and enrolling defectors into its ranks.
The Tigers later joined the allied Christian Lebanese Front militias in the defense of the Mount Lebanon region against
the LNM-PLO ‘Spring Offensive’ in March 1976. Backed by the Tyous Team of Commandos they later put a spirited defence of the Achrafieh and Fayadieh districts during the Hundred Days War in February 1978 against the Syrian Army.
Reversals and decline 1978-1980.
The Tigers’ involvement in the above mentioned atrocities, however, cost them the loss of the Iqlim al-Kharrub to the LNM-PLO alliance in January 1976, which they failed to defend despite being backed by ISF units and Lebanese Army ground forces. The fall of this important stronghold was a severe blow to the NLP and the Tigers, depriving them of their main recruiting area along with their local training infrastructure, chiefly the Es-Saadiyat camp, and the port towns of Damour and Jiyeh.
To further aggrieve matters, relations between the NLP political board and the Tigers’ military command soured after the former, headed by Camille Chamoun, supported Syria’s military intervention in June that year whereas the latter, led by its son Dany, strongly opposed to it. Fearing that its own party’ militia was getting out of control, Camille tacitly allowed its Kataeb rivals to absorb the Tigers’ into the Lebanese Forces (LF) under Bachir Gemayel. Dany Chamoun’s adamant refusal of allowing the Tigers’ to be incorporated led the Phalangists to attack its Safra HQ on July 7, 1980, which resulted in a bloodbath that claimed up to 500 lives, mostly civilians.
While their leader Dany was rushed to exile, first to Syria and then to Europe after handling over the command of the Tigers to his elder brother Dory Chamoun, the militia was officially disbanded on Camille’s orders in late August. Soon afterwards, this was followed by the seizure on the part of the Phalangists of nearly all their positions in and outside East Beirut, including the vital Naas and Adma training camps. The remaining 3,000 or so militiamen founded themselves being consolidated by the end of October of that year into the Damouri Brigade within the Lebanese Forces.
Revival and disbandment 1983-1990.
The Israeli invasion of Lebanon in June 1982, coupled by the death of the LF supremo Bachir Gemayel in September that year brought the resurgence of the National Liberals into the political scene, though the efforts by Camille Chamoun to revive the Tigers’ militia in 1983-84 proved less successful. The small force of only 100 or so lightly equipped fighters they gathered proved unable to compete with the Lebanese Forces’ military might, being relegated to the role of a mere bodyguard for the NLP political leaders for the remainder of the war.
Upon the end of the civilian strife in October 1990 and the subsequent assassination of Dany Chamoun – who had succeeded his late father at the NLP’s presidency in October 1987 – the last remaining National Liberals’ paramilitary organization was disarmed on orders of the new Lebanese government. The NLP Tigers are no longer active.
The Free Tigers.
The Free Tigers (Arabic: "Noumour Al-Horr") were originally a 200-strong or so unit of the NLP Tigers commanded by Elias Hannache, which used to operate in the Hadath and Ain el-Rammaneh sectors of East Beirut until the forcible merger of the Tigers’ militia into the Lebanese Forces in July 1980.
Backed by Lebanese Army units sent upon request of the NLP president Camille Chamoun, Hannache and its men tried to resist incorporation by staging an anti-LF armed uprising that rocked the south-east districts of the Lebanese capital from August to October 1980. Defeated after a four-day street battle and forced out of their last remaining strongholds at Ain el-Rammaneh by the LF, Hannache’s dissident Tigers fled across the Green Line into the Muslim-controlled western sector of the Capital. There they placed themselves under the protection of the Palestinian Fatah intelligence service before moving to Zahlé in late October, where they merged with the NLP Tigers’ local cell.
In addition to PLO backing, the Free Tigers also received some support from Syria in 1981, though Hannache seems to have taken sides with the LF Commando force sent to defend Zahlé in that same year, but very little was heard from them afterwards.
Legacy.
Since 2002, several former NLP Tiger commanders known for their right-wing, ultra-nationalist leanings rallied in support of General Michel Aoun and went on to occupy various high positions within the Free Patriotic Current hierarchy, ranging from political (Dr Naji Hayek and Georges Aaraj) to security (Jean Eid and Bob Azzam).

</doc>
<doc id="2906003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906003" title="Gaspar de Carvajal">
Gaspar de Carvajal

Gaspar de Carvajal (c. 1500–1584) was a Spanish Dominican missionary to the New World, known for chronicling some of the explorations of the Amazon.
Biography.
Arrival in the New World and the Amazonian Expedition.
De Carvajal was born in Trujillo. After entering the Dominican order in Spain, he set out for Peru in 1533, dedicating himself to the conversion of the Indians. In 1540, Carvajal joined as a chaplain the expedition of Gonzalo Pizarro, governor of Quito, which was searching for "La Canela", the supposed "Land of Cinnamon", to the east of Quito.
The expedition, under difficult conditions, crossed the Andes and into the Amazonian jungle, an inhospitable territory devoid of provisions. Gonzalo Pizarro ordered his second in command, Francisco de Orellana to follow the Napo River with fifty men, in order to find its mouth. The hope was that the men would be able to find provisions and bring them back in the small boat in which they went. Orellana reached the confluence of the Napo and Trinidad, but he didn't find provisions. Unable to return because of the current, he decided to continue following the river, until he reached the estuary of the Amazon in 1542.
The "Relación" and Carvajal's mark on history.
Caravajal, who was one of the survivors of the expedition, narrated the events in his work "Relación del nuevo descubrimiento del famoso río Grande que descubrió por muy gran ventura el capitán Francisco de Orellana" ("Account of the recent discovery of the famous Grand river which was discovered by great good fortune by Captain Francisco de Orellana"). In it, the friar recorded the dates of the expedition as well as a large number of notes of ethnological interest such as the sizes and dispositions of the indigenous peoples which occupied the banks of the river, their tactics of war, rituals, customs, utensils, and the like.
This work remained obscure for a long period, being published only in 1895 by the Chilean José Toribio Medina. Parts of "Relación", in addition to interviews of Orellana and some of his men, were used by Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo in his "Historia general y natural de las Indias" ("General and Natural History of the Indies"), which was written in 1542, but not published until 1855. In 1934, "Relación" was again published, this time extensively revised by a H. C. Heaton. It is in a large extent due to "Relación" that Friar Carvajal is remembered in history.
Father Carvajal's diary of the Orellana expedition has achieved prominence recently. For over four centuries, scholars dismissed its reports of large cities, well developed roads, monumental construction, fortified towns, and dense populations. It was thought that the acidic soils of Amazonia could not support the level of agriculture necessary to sustain such a civilization. His writings were largely dismissed as fabrications and propaganda.
New archeological finds in the 21st century have verified much of his diary. This is a developing story, but our understanding of pre-Columbian Amazonia is being revolutionized. Father Carvajal's writings are being scrutinized for important clues on this lost civilization and for planning future archeological digs. They stand as the most valued contemporary chronicle of the pre-Columbian Amazonia culture, written before it disappeared and its works reclaimed by the jungle.
Later career amongst the Indians.
Upon his return to Peru, Carvajal was chosen as subprior of the Convent of San Rosario in Lima. In this post, he was chosen to arbitrate between the viceroy, Blasco Núñez Vela, and the auditors of the "Real Audiencia" in 1544. Unfortunately, the mediation seems to have been unfruitful. After the pacification of Peru, he was sent by his superiors as a missionary to Tucumán, being named the protector of the Indians in that area.
He worked for years in the region, achieving the conversion of the majority of indigenous people. In 1553 he was instituted as the prior of the convent of Huamanga and provincial of Tucumán. He brought a number of Dominicans to the province, with whose help he founded various reducciones de indios and nine Spanish municipalities. He was chosen to be provincial of Peru in 1557, dedicating two years to the organization of the province and the two following ones to the visiting of the most remote territories and the founding of new convents. There is evidence of a letter written by Carvajal to the king, informing him of the abuses that were being committed against the Indians in the mines of Peru, and asking for his intervention on their behalf. This shows a general attitude towards the Indians consistent with the doctrine of his brother Dominican Bartolomé de las Casas.
In 1565 Carvajal was chosen as a representative of his province before the Spanish court and to the Pope, but it is likely that he never crossed the ocean. He died in Lima in 1584.
Not knowing it, the expedition of Gaspar de Carvajal carried the disease of the old world into the deep areas of the Amazon and caused the deaths of the peoples of this region.
In popular culture.
Werner Herzog's 1972 film "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" has an appearance of Gaspar de Carvajal (as played by actor Del Negro) as chaplain and chronicler of the mad descent of the Amazon by Lope de Aguirre. This expedition, which took place in 1561 (almost twenty years after that of Orellana), was the source of inspiration for the movie. Additionally, Carvajal is depicted as being killed by natives. However, the film included many situations and persons from the chronicle of Carvajal, which is to say, from the expedition of Orellana.

</doc>
<doc id="2906009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906009" title="Golden Week">
Golden Week

Golden Week may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906014" title="Samuel H. Smith (educator)">
Samuel H. Smith (educator)

Samuel H. Smith (born February 4, 1940) was the eighth president of Washington State University, serving for fifteen years (July 1, 1985 – June 8, 2000).
A native of Salinas, California, he holds bachelor's and doctoral degrees in plant pathology from the University of California, Berkeley and honorary doctoral degrees from Nihon University in Tokyo, Japan, and Far Eastern State University in Vladivostok, Russia.
He is remembered for leadership in establishing WSU's three regional campuses — WSU Spokane, WSU Tri-Cities and WSU Vancouver — as well as fostering development of the university's Distance Degree Programs.
Under Smith’s leadership, WSU grew in size and stature. Its teaching, research, and public service activities received worldwide recognition. Strengthening undergraduate and graduate education, placing an international imprint on programs, and increasing opportunities for women and minorities were among his priorities.
Smith led Campaign WSU, the University's first comprehensive fund-raising effort that attracted $275.4 million in private support, substantially over its $250 million goal. The campaign transformed the university’s ability to serve students and the state of Washington by supporting scholarships, faculty recruitment and retention, learning technology and statewide education.
From 1997–99, he served as chair of the Executive Committee of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, one of a series of leadership positions he held during a major reorganization of NCAA governance.
In 2000, Smith chaired the Board of Directors of the National Association of State Universities and Land-Grant Colleges, the nation's oldest higher education association. He also served on NASULGC’s Kellogg Commission on the Future of the State and Land-Grant Universities. The commission planned for change and improvement of state universities and land-grant colleges for the 21st century.
Smith concluded his presidency on June 8, 2000. As president emeritus, he established an office at WSU West in Seattle, where he and his wife, Patricia, live. The Smiths continue to support the WSU Museum of Art. They have attracted world-class artwork for display in the Samuel H. Smith Center for Undergraduate Education, named for Smith in 2002, the year it opened on the Pullman campus.
After leaving the presidency, he continued as a trustee of the Western Governors University, of which WSU is a founding member, and serves on the Washington Higher Education Coordinating Board, as Talaris Research Institute board chair, and director of the Washington Education Foundation, which provides college scholarships and mentoring to low-income, high-potential students.
Prior to his presidency, he spent 16 years at Pennsylvania State University, starting as a faculty member, then becoming department head, and finally, dean of the College of Agriculture and director of the Cooperative Extension Service and Agricultural Experiment Station.
He currently serves on the Washington State Higher Education Coordinating Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2906019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906019" title="Yan Zi (album)">
Yan Zi (album)

yan zi () is the eponymous debut Mandarin solo studio album of Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun (). It was released on 8 June 2000 by Warner Music Taiwan. 
The track, "很好" (Fine) is composed by Sun. Three of the tracks, "愛情證書" (Love Document), "濃眉毛" (Sculpted Eyebrow) are "和平" (Make Peace) are arranged by Singapore Hit Awards winner Terence Teo.
The tracks "愛情證書" (Love Document) and "天黑黑" (Cloudy Day) are listed at number 4 and 33 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2000. 
Sun was awarded "Best New Artist" at the 12th Golden Melody Awards in 2001 for her work on this album.

</doc>
<doc id="2906020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906020" title="Montan wax">
Montan wax

Montan wax, also known as lignite wax or OP wax, is a hard wax obtained by solvent extraction of certain types of lignite or brown coal. Commercially viable deposits exist in only a few locations, including Amsdorf, Germany, and in the Ione Basin near Ione, California.
Properties.
Its color ranges from dark brown to light yellow when crude, or white when refined. Its composition is non-glyceride long-chain (C24–C30) carboxylic acid esters (62–68 weight %), free long-chain organic acids (22–26%), long-chain alcohols, ketones, and hydrocarbons (7–15%), and resins; it is in effect a fossilized plant wax. Its melting range is 82–95 °C.
Uses.
It is used for making car and shoe polishes, paints, and phonograph records, and as lubricant for molding paper and plastics. About a third of total world production is used in car-polishing polishes. Formerly, its main use was making carbon paper. Unrefined montan wax contains asphalt and resins, which can be removed by refining. Montan wax in polishes improves scuff resistance, increases water repellence, and imparts high gloss.

</doc>
<doc id="2906024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906024" title="AMC 35">
AMC 35

The AMC 35 (from "Automitrailleuse de Combat Renault modèle 1935") was a French medium cavalry tank of the later Interwar era that served in the Second World War. It was developed as a result of the change of the specification that had led to the design of the AMC 34, calling for a vehicle that was not only well-armed and mobile but also well-armoured. Due to technological and financial problems production was delayed and limited, with Belgium as the only user to create active units with the type which they dubbed the ACG-1. The AMC 35 was one of the few French tanks of the period featuring a two man-turret.
Development.
Renault had developed the AMC 34 according to the specifications of the Plan 1931. On 26 June 1934 these were changed: it was now demanded that the vehicle attain a maximum speed of 50 km/h and be immune to antitank guns. On 7 March 1936 a changed prototype was delivered by Renault, who requested that the vehicle would be accepted if it met the new specifications; after all the AMC 34 had already been accepted for production and this was nothing but a slightly changed variant. The French materiel commission, the "Commission de Vincennes", became suspicious however by the fact that the factory designation had been changed from "Renault YR" to Renault ACG. When the commission inspected the prototype on 9 March it indeed transpired that it was a completely new design. Accordingly a complete test programme was ordered, which was finished on 27 November. At that date the commission judged that despite many changes the type was still unfit for service due to its mechanical unreliability. However in the spring already the Cavalry, worried by the German remilitarisation of the Rhineland, had first ordered seventeen vehicles and later expanded that order to fifty. For political reasons the commission did not dare to cancel the order; it accepted the type, noting that it would be highly advisable to test types in future before ordering them. The first vehicle was received by the Cavalry on 1 November 1938.
Description.
The AMC 35 had about the same dimensions as the AMC 34, but the hull was longer at 4572 mm to install a shortened 11.08 litres V-4 180 hp version of the V-6 engine used in the Char B1. There were five road wheels. The suspension used as springs horizontal rubber cylinders. At 42 km/h the vehicle was slower than the specified speed. A three hundred litre fuel tank allowed for a range of 160 kilometres. The wading capacity was sixty centimetres and it could cross a trench of two metres. The 25 mm armour plates, riveted and bolted onto the chassis, did not offer the demanded protection.
The prototype had a two-men APX2 turret, with the commander/loader on the left and the gunner on the right, fitted with a 25 mm SARF fortress gun and a 7.5 mm "Reibel" machine gun. As the 25 mm antitank guns were needed in the Maginot line, in the production series the 47 mm SA 35 gun was used. The roughly octagonal APX2 turret consisted of cast sections, welded, riveted and bolted together. The tank carried 120 gun rounds and 5250 machine gun rounds.
Production and export.
The Belgian Army had ordered 25 AMC 34 hulls with Renault on 13 September 1935 at a unit price of 360,000 French franc, together with a matching number of APX2 turrets to be delivered by Batignolles-Châtillon, for a total project budget of 18.5 million Belgian franc. The hulls were indicated to be of a "second series", an improved AMC 34 — referring to the same line of development that would result in the AMC 35. Their delivery was supposed to commence in October 1935. However, that month Renault started production of the original AMC 34; he was as yet unable to manufacture the improved version. Technological, financial and social problems — in December 1936 the military division of Renault was nationalised and restructured into the new AMX-factory — ensured that for 1936 also, delivery would be delayed. As large orders had become unlikely, the project had a low priority.
On 3 June 1937 the Belgian minister of defence, General Henri Denis, demanded that the single prototype be sent to Belgium; it was transported on 4 June. After testing between 23 and 27 August showed that its climbing abilities were poor, the Belgians decided that the seven tanks intended for the Chasseurs Ardennais were unnecessary and reduced the order accordingly to eighteen. The arrival of the prototype had caused a political row however: politicians from the right feared it would antagonise Hitler and so endanger Belgian neutrality; those from the left wanted only purely defensive weapons. As deliveries failed to materialise, in December 1937 it was decided to annul the order completely, to accept a contractual fine of four million franc and to redirect the remaining budget to the production of home-made T.13 tank destroyers.
This outcome however, embarrassed the French government: it pressured Renault to accept a new arrangement. Early in 1938 it transpired that the Renault factory had in its possession the materials to build the original total of 75 tanks; out of these stocks parts sufficient for about sixty tanks had already been manufactured; assembly had started on about fifty vehicles. It was agreed on 21 April 1938 to complete 35 vehicles, ten to be delivered to Belgium including the prototype, the countervalue of its contractual fine. Belgium also was to receive five sets of reserve parts and eight armour sets. The new contract was signed on 15 June; it stipulated that the Belgian tanks would be delivered prior to 31 July. At that moment the French Cavalry no longer itself intended to use the type (but the SOMUA S35 instead) and advised that priority should be given to the Belgian order. Renault had asked permission for this on 6 May, but on 2 June the French Ministry of Defence responded that the terms of the original agreements should be followed; these entailed a split delivery of batches of ten at a time: first seven tanks for France, followed by three for Belgium.
Series production only started in November 1938 and actual delivery of the first three vehicles to Belgium was delayed till 30 March 1939, the second batch was exported in May and the final three vehicles arrived on 7 August.
In 1938 the turrets also were delivered. As there was now a surplus of fifteen, these were used on fortifications: thirteen of these on coastal defence pillboxes; another two turrets were installed on pillboxes at Remouchamps where a fortress was initially intended to be built, but due to the lack of funds only two casemates were constructed. The turrets were equipped by Belgium with a different armament: instead of the French SA 35 gun, a Belgian FRC 47 mm gun was fitted; this closely related type had a barrel that was 15 mm shorter. Also the machine gun was different: an optionally coaxial 7,65mm rechambered Hotchkiss (Maxim) 08/15 MG. The Belgian turrets was produced at Nantes as the APX2 B, which had the diascope on the left side moved to the facet behind, because the drum magazine for the 7.65mm Maxim 08/15 machine gun made it impossible to look through it in the original position. Older sources incorrectly claim that a 13.2 mm Hotchkiss machine gun was fitted. An armour plate was welded over the hole. They were rebuilt at Ghent by the SEM ("Société d'Électricité et de Mécanique Van den Kerckhove & Carels" between September 1939 and February 1940.
For France also, production continued after 1 November 1938, with final assembly at AMX; in March 1939 the original order of seventeen was finished; at the beginning of the Second World War a number of 22 had been reached. Production then accelerated: three were built in September, nine in October, eight in November. For this production all remaining materials were used, apparently to fulfill the original order: when in December the Belgian Army asked for the delivery of the spare parts, as it needed some tanks in working order to allow a single platoon to take part in the winter manoeuvres, Renault was unable to provide these. In January 1940 five were produced. Production was then discontinued for a total of 57. Ten had been exported to Belgium, 47 remained in France where they are listed in this number in the Spring of 1940. It is unclear whether this includes prototypes and project tanks and how the number is to be reconciled with the total order of fifty.
After the war it has for some time been thought that the total production had been a hundred: 75 for France, 25 for Belgium. This mistake had its origins in the events during the infamous process of Riom where the Vichy regime indicted many for their presumed failure in preparing the French Army for war. The accused, eager to show that French tank production was in fact much higher than that of Germany, estimated the AMC 35 production at 75, apparently adding the number of the Belgian AMC 34 order to the order for France. Later writers, assuming that 75 was the number of tanks intended for France, repeated this mistake and added another 25 Belgian tanks.
Operational history.
Belgium.
When all nine hulls had at last arrived in Belgium, it was soon discovered that engine, transmission and suspension wear was excessive. In January 1940 the two tanks that were in the worst condition were selected for transport to the arsenal of Etterbeek, to be cannibalised to keep the others running; one was used for driver training. 
The eight remaining tanks were concentrated in the "Escadron d'Auto Blindés du Corps de Cavelerie", literally the "Armoured Car Squadron of the Cavalry Corps", which was created on 1 September 1939 at Watermael-Boitsfort. The term "Auto Blindé Lourd/ Zware Pantserwagen", or "Heavy Armoured Car," was used to avoid the politically sensitive "char" or "tank". The unit then moved to Ghent for its first training, gradually receiving more vehicles from "Carels". Later it moved back to Brussels. The squadron had three platoons: one platoon "Staff and Services" ("hors rang") and two platoons of four tanks each. The personnel were a mixture of soldiers of the 2nd Lancers Regiment (the Dutch-speaking 2e Lansiers) and the francophone 1st Guides Regiment, both units sharing the same barracks ("Caserne de Witte-de Haelen") at Etterbeek. 
When war broke out on 10 May, the driver training tank was united with the seven others to bring the squadron to its organic strength of eight. These fought against the German Army between 17 and 27 May 1940. Four were destroyed by 37 mm PAK fire when counter-attacking, two broke down and two were surrendered to the German on 28 May 1940 when the Belgian army put down its weapons. 
The Museum of the Army in Brussels shows a single turret taken from one of the two pillboxes that defended the harbour of Zeebrugge or Port of Bruges-Zeebrugge. The turret is property of the city of Bruges which loaned it to the Army Museum at Brussels for 99 years.
France.
At first the French tanks did not equip any units; no crews were trained to man the type. After the German breakthrough at Sedan it was decided on 15 May to send the entire tank materiel reserve to the frontline. Several ad hoc-units were hastily formed. First twelve AMC 35s were used to equip the "11e Groupement de Cavalerie"; then five even more informal "Corps-francs Motorisés" were formed, each to equipped with seven tanks, but only five AMC 35s could at first be made ready for them; seven more were later delivered. The crews reported that the materiel was unreliable, and suffered from an extremely short range in rough terrain. The CFMs fought a delaying battle between the rivers Seine and Loire.
In the anglophone literature the AMC 35 is often portraited as a major failed chance for France to turn the tide against Germany: its two-man turret is then seen as better adapted to the demands of modern manoeuvre warfare. E.g. armour historian Brian Terence White judged the type very favourably:
... one of the most advanced French tanks for its size in that as well as being equipped with a good gun it had a two-man turret ... with all the advantages in command it conferred. ... somewhat surprisingly, for in retrospect this seems to have been one of the best prewar French light tank designs, only 100 were built. 
The type can however, also be interpreted as an excellent example of the design constraints that forced France to adopt one man-turrets on its other tanks: the price for the AMC 35's roomy turret was an unreliable and, for the medium tank rôle, woefully underarmoured vehicle. 
The wreck of an AMC 35 has been salvaged and restored at the Musée des Blindés at Saumur, where it has been displayed since 2006.
Germany.
Vehicles captured by Germany during the Fall of France were used by the Wehrmacht as the PzKpfw AMC 738 (f) or (b) for driver training.
Projects.
One prototype was built of a smoke-laying vehicle; an AMC 35 hull was rebuilt and fitted with nineteen containers, each with 165 litres of smoke fluid, that could be sprayed into the air by a compressor.
One AMC 35 hull was built as a 75 mm tank destroyer, the Renault ACG-2. The original AMC 35 was therefore in French sources of the period often called the Renault ACG-1.

</doc>
<doc id="2906031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906031" title="Photon Tide">
Photon Tide

Photon Tide is a science fiction society from Novi Sad, Serbia. They held a first ever Star Trek convention in Serbia, featured in a documentary film "Trekkies 2".
History.
Formed in 1997 as a small informal Trekkie club, steadily growing in numbers, which warranted its chartering as a NGO in 2002. In 2003, the filming crew of "Trekkies 2" documentary visited Serbia to film Star Trek fans. Fans from several Balkan states converged to Novi Sad to attend the first-ever Star Trek convention in this part of the world, "TREK>NS", organized by Photon Tide. Denise Crosby of fame, star and narrator of "Trekkies 2", was the special guest of this convention.
In 2006, Photon Tide was included in the program of the Exit music festival, co-hosting the special "Supernova" stage with "Lazar Komarcic" fiction fan club from Belgrade, Serbia. The stage program was devoted to science fiction
in Serbia. Photon Tide also took part in the final tournament of World Cyber Games 2006 in Belgrade, holding a stand along with several other Serbian science fiction societies.
Activities.
The society publishes its fanzine "Nova" as an insert to the monthly
science magazine "Astronomija" (Astronomy), reaching readers in Serbia and
other former Yugoslav republics. The Photon Tide website (in Serbian) is a
source of science fiction news in Serbian, and its bulletins are being
syndicated by several news aggregator websites. A science fiction workshop is in development,
aimed to provide means for creative teamwork of talented people, creating
their own science-fiction-themed comics, animations, amateur movies, short
stories and radio dramas.
There are also somewhat regular get-togethers and outdoor activities, either
open-attendance or organized exclusively for the Photon Tide members, which
take place all over Serbia. Aside from online communication, open fan
meetings are the most persistent form of organized effort, taking place
since the society's inception in 1997. They are most frequent in Novi Sad
and Belgrade, where the majority of members are located.
See also.
Science fiction in Serbia

</doc>
<doc id="2906035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906035" title="Sui Wo Court">
Sui Wo Court

Sui Wo Court (Chinese: 穗禾苑) is one of the first estates under Home Ownership Scheme. It is located in Fo Tan, Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.
Built in 1980, it is located on a mountain above Wo Che and east of central Fo Tan, northwest of Sha Tin. The court was designed by Palmer and Turner and received a Silver Medal at the 1981 Hong Kong Institute of Architects Annual Awards. The scenery of Sha Tin and Tolo Harbour is visible from the estate.
Blocks.
Completed in 1980, it offers 3,501 flats for sale. It consists of 9 blocks of non-standard type:
Floor area of Flats ranged from 43 – 65 m2 with saleable area between 38 – 57 m2. Its initial sale price was between 100,200 and 252,700 Hong Kong dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="2906037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906037" title="Tears of wine">
Tears of wine

The phenomenon called tears of wine is manifested as a ring of clear liquid, near the top of a glass of wine, from which droplets continuously form and drop back into the wine. It is most readily observed in a wine which has a high alcohol content. It is also referred to as wine legs, curtains, or church windows.
Cause.
The effect is a consequence of the fact that alcohol has a lower surface tension than water. If alcohol is mixed with water inhomogeneously, a region with a lower concentration of alcohol will pull on the surrounding fluid more strongly than a region with a higher alcohol concentration. The result is that the liquid tends to flow away from regions with higher alcohol concentration. This can be easily and strikingly demonstrated by spreading a thin film of water on a smooth surface and then allowing a drop of alcohol to fall on the center of the film. The liquid will rush out of the region where the drop of alcohol fell.
Wine is mostly a mixture of alcohol and water, with dissolved sugars, acids, colourants and flavourants. Where the surface of the wine meets the side of the glass, capillary action makes the liquid climb the side of the glass. As it does so, both alcohol and water evaporate from the rising film, but the alcohol evaporates faster, due to its higher vapor pressure. The resulting decrease in the concentration of alcohol causes the surface tension of the liquid to increase, and this causes more liquid to be drawn up from the bulk of the wine, which has a lower surface tension because of its higher alcohol content. The wine moves up the side of the glass and forms droplets that fall back under their own weight.
The phenomenon was first correctly explained by physicist James Thomson, the elder brother of Lord Kelvin, in 1855. It is an instance of what is today called the Marangoni effect (or the Gibbs-Marangoni effect): the flow of liquid caused by surface tension gradients.
It is sometimes claimed incorrectly that wine with "lots of legs" is sweeter or of a better quality. In fact the intensity of this phenomenon depends only on alcohol content, and it can be eliminated completely by covering the wine glass (which stops the evaporation of the alcohol). British physicist C. V. Boys argues that the biblical injunction
refers to this effect. Since the "tears of wine" are most noticeable in wine which has a high alcohol content, the author may be suggesting this as a way to identify wines that should be avoided in the interest of sobriety.
Related phenomena.
Other fluid phenomena that arise in alcohol-water mixtures are "beading" and "viscimetry". These are more pronounced in liquor than in wine, and both phenomena are more pronounced in stronger liquor.
Beading refers to the formation of stable bubbles when liquor is shaken. This occurs only in liquor that contains more than 46% alcohol. It is an example of the Marangoni effect. Shaking a whisky bottle to form bubbles is referred to as “beating the whisky”.
Viscimetry is the formation of whorls when water is added to a high-alcohol mixture.

</doc>
<doc id="2906051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906051" title="Östgöta Nation, Lund">
Östgöta Nation, Lund

The Östgöta Nation, or locally "ÖG's", is a student union of Lund University in Sweden. It is the oldest of the university's nations. The name Östgöta refers to the Swedish Östergötland province. 
The nation was founded in the same year as the University was established - 1668. Around 40 students who had transferred from Uppsala University enrolled at the nation. With the Scanian War in 1676, the university was forced to close temporarily, as was the nation.
The nation reopened in 1681, and has since 1686 maintained written details of all meetings; these full details still exist to this day.
Today the nation is located in central Lund at a house named "Ostrolocus", not far from the city centre where Lund Cathedral, the Kungshuset and the Lund University main building are to be found.
Östgöta nation is widely regarded as the hot spot for foreign students in Lund. Östgöta especially welcomes foreign students with nightclubs Thursday and Saturday opening at 10 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="2906052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906052" title="George A. Ramsdell">
George A. Ramsdell

George Allen Ramsdell (March 11, 1834 – November 16, 1900) was an American lawyer, businessman, and Republican politician from Nashua, New Hampshire.
Born in Milford, New Hampshire, he served in both houses of the New Hampshire legislature and was a delegate to the 1876 convention that amended the state's constitution before being elected as Governor.
He died in Nashua, aged 66, and is buried at the Edgewood Cemetery in Nashua.

</doc>
<doc id="2906058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906058" title="Black Dog (film)">
Black Dog (film)

Black Dog is a 1998 film about an ex-con manipulated into transporting illegal arms. The film stars Patrick Swayze, Randy Travis, and Meat Loaf.
Plot.
The movie first starts out with FBI and ATF agents on a pursuit to stop a truck carrying illegal guns as part of an illegal arms operation. The result is the death of the driver, which leads to a disagreement with FBI and ATF agents on involvement with the case, which carries on throughout the movie. Then comes Jack Crews (Patrick Swayze), a truck driver who has just been released from jail for vehicular manslaughter, for accidentally hitting and killing a motorist and his passenger on the side of the road during a trip in which he experienced a Black Dog hallucination. Along with his imprisonment, he also loses his commercial driver's license (CDL). Following his release, he attempts to get back to a normal life but this time holds a job as a truck mechanic for a local repair shop in New Jersey. He is then offered a job by his manager, Cutler (Graham Beckel) to drive a load of toilets from Atlanta to New Jersey for $10,000. Crews initially declines the offer, but then finds out that his house will be repossessed unless he pays off his debt. He then changes his mind and takes the job where he flies down to Atlanta to meet up with Red (Meat Loaf), who runs the trucking yard. Red initially gives Crews a brand-new truck to haul the load, but Crews prefers an older Peterbilt as to not draw too much attention. He is accompanied on the trip by Earl (Randy Travis) riding shotgun, and Sonny (Gabriel Casseus) and Wes (Brian Vincent) following in Sonny's Camaro for policy protection. As they make their way to New Jersey, Crews and the guys experience several run-ins with Red and his crew as they attempt to hijack the load, in retaliation for the failed negotiations with Cutler about money. During the trip, Crews finds out that his load also contains illegal guns (over $3,000,000 worth, according to ATF), and that Wes has been informing Red of their whereabouts throughout the trip. Crews also discovers that Sonny is an FBI agent when he is shot and killed by Red during another hijack attempt, and that the FBI has been tracking their whereabouts as well.
Things take a turn for the worse when Cutler takes Crews' wife Melanie and daughter Tracy hostage to ensure that Crews will complete the job and finish the trip. Despite the numerous attempts from Red to hijack the load, as well as the death of Sonny, Crews manages to survive each attempt. When they make it to Maryland, Crews now officially knows what the whole plot is and formulates a plan to turn over the guns to the FBI and to get his family back. Wes at this point has gone his separate way, while Earl decides to stay on until the end. Crews puts the FBI tracking device on the truck that Wes is leaving on and eventually the FBI pulls over the truck to realize it is the wrong one. However, Crews calls Agent Allen Ford (Charles Dutton) who is leading the case on Wes' cell phone. He tells him his plan which is to meet him at a loading dock in New Jersey, where he will be meeting with Cutler to exchange the guns for his family. Eventually when the meeting occurs, the FBI shows up and a shootout occurs with Cutler's men. Crews is able to catch Cutler before he can escape and then turns him over to the FBI. Then in the end, the FBI gives Crews his CDL license back, and also tells Crews that his house won't be foreclosed, in return for his assistance during the operation and they thank him for bringing Sonny's body back. He is also given the key to drive the truck one last time to the impound lot. Also, Crews thanks Earl, who was wounded in the shootout between the FBI and Cutler's men, for staying, and in return Earl tells Crews to take care of his dog, Tiny (a pit bull riding in the trailer as a guard), until he heals and everything is sorted out. As Crews and his family leave the docks for the impound lot, he is intercepted by Red who makes one last attempt at Crews' life, but as they are slamming into each other Red loses control of his truck which then flips over numerous times before getting hit by a Fairbanks-Morse H-12-44 Switching Locomotive and exploding into pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="2906063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906063" title="Cemetery of the Defenders of Lwów">
Cemetery of the Defenders of Lwów

The Cemetery of the Defenders of Lwów (, "Cemetery of Eaglets", "Orlat Cemetery") is a memorial and a burial place for the Poles and their allies who died in Lviv () during the hostilities of the Polish-Ukrainian War and Polish-Soviet War between 1918 and 1920.
The complex is a part of the city's historic Lychakiv Cemetery. There are about 3000 graves in that part of the cemetery; some from the Lwów Eaglets young militia volunteers, after whom that part of the cemetery is named. It was one of the most famous necropolises of the interwar Poland.
It was neglected after World War II by the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, and at one time damaged with a bulldozer. Since the fall of communism, the cemetery has seen constant rebuilding and refurbishment and continues to be one of the principal tourist attractions of Lviv.
In the Second Polish Republic.
In 1918–1919, Poles and Ukrainians fought over the territory of Eastern Galicia that included Lviv; with Poland defeating the Western Ukrainian People's Republic. A year later, another war, between Poland and the Russian SFSR, was fought around the city. In the aftermath, the city ended up being part of interwar Poland, and the Polish authorities decided to construct a memorial to the Poles and their allies who died in the 1918–1920 hostilities in that region.
The necropolis complex was designed by Rudolf Indruch, an architecture student from the Lviv Polytechnic whose project won the competition. The most visible element was a domed chapel which towers over the tombs underneath. Exhumed remains of the 72 fighters were put in catacombs located between the chapel and the tombs. In addition to Polish fighters, this part of the cemetery also has graves and monuments to American (pilots from the Kościuszko Squadron) and French volunteers who fought on the Polish side, two monuments were dedicated to those Polish foreign allies. Underneath, an inscription "Mortui sunt ut liberi vivamus" ("They died so we could live free") was engraved on a semi-circular colonnade monument. A triumphal arch was flanked by two stone lions. The necropolis was never finished; its construction continued until the outbreak of the Second World War. Out of almost 3,000 tombs, 300 were dedicated to the Eaglets, as the young Polish defenders of the city from 1918 are known. In 1925 the ashes of one of the unknown defenders of Lwów were transferred to the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw.
Wartime devastation and aftermath.
After the Soviet invasion of Poland and the events of World War II, the city became part of Soviet Ukraine, and the Polish historical monuments located at the cemetery were devastated or neglected. The stone lions, the columnade, the monuments to foreign troops were removed. Up to 1971 many of the sculptures were destroyed; the cemetery of Lviv Eaglets was completely destroyed and turned into a truck depot. Soviets attempted to destroy the triumphal arch with tanks. In the 1970s, majority of the tombs were razed with bulldozers.
The Lviv Eaglets section was, however, not reopened for several decades, as the fact that many of the people buried there fought on the Polish side against the Ukrainians during the Polish-Ukrainian War generated some controversy. The issue has resurfaced several times in the Polish-Ukrainian relations; however, in 1989 the reconstruction works have begun, carried by local Polonia and Polish workers working temporarily in Lviv. Eventually the Cemetery of the Defenders of Lviv was reopened on 24 June 2005 when the Lviv City Council, which initially resisted the opening, eventually changed its mind, following Polish support for Ukraine's Orange Revolution (2004). President of Poland Aleksander Kwaśniewski and President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko, who attended the opening ceremony, agreed that the reconstruction and official opening represents a major improvement in Polish-Ukrainian relations.

</doc>
<doc id="2906068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906068" title="Satanik">
Satanik

Satanik is an Italian noir comic book created in December 1964 by Max Bunker (writer) and Magnus (artist), also the authors of the popular series "Kriminal" and "Alan Ford".
Synopsis.
Satanik is Marny Bannister, a skilled female chemistry scientist whose face is marked by an unpleasant angioma. One day, following a theory of a mad alchemist, she develops a drug which transforms her into a charming and fascinating red-haired woman: but, as in Stevenson's "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", the drug has an unexpected side effect, making her a murderous criminal mastermind. Satanik was innovative in the fact she took advantage of her sex appeal to conduct her crimes, and some proto-erotic scenes appeared in the series. It showed also a broad range of horror and supernatural themes like vampires, evil ghosts and monsters. The series had several problems with censorship and some of the books were confiscated by authorities (like "Murder in the correction house").
The main antagonist of "Satanik" is the policeman Lt. Trent, whose companion Satanik had killed. After a ménage with the jewel trader Max Lincoln (#38-100), in the last numbers she gets engaged with Kriss Hunter, a black private detective. One of the villains of the series, the vampire Baron Wurdalak, who, due to his bumbling nature, later also appeared in the comedic-oriented series "Alan Ford".
Publication history.
The comic book, in black and white digest format, was published for ten years. Magnus left after Issue 161. Other artists who worked on the series include Giovanni Romanini and Franco Verola. The last Satanik comic book was Issue 231 of November 1974, in which Satanik and her boyfriend seem to drown. Satanik was named "Demoniak" in France, in order to avoid confusion with "Killing", which had been translated in French as "Satanik".
In 1968 "Satanik" was adapted into a film directed by Piero Vivarelli, starring Magda Konopka in the main role.

</doc>
<doc id="2906081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906081" title="Sports Authority">
Sports Authority

Sports Authority, Inc. (still known as "The" Sports Authority in some locations) is one of the largest sporting goods retailers in the United States. It is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, and operates more than 460 stores in 45 U.S. states and Puerto Rico under the Sports Authority name.
The company's website is on the GSI Commerce platform and supports the retail stores as well as other multi-channel programs. In addition, a joint venture with ÆON Co., Ltd. operates "Sports Authority" stores in Japan under a licensing agreement.
History.
Gart Sports.
Gart Sports began in 1928, when Denver Post newspaper carrier Nathan Gart started the company with $50 in fishing rod samples.
In 1971, Gart Sports Company opened the "Sportscastle" superstore in Denver, Colorado at the corner of 10th Avenue and Broadway. The 1980s marked a period of substantial growth for the company through a series of acquisitions. These mergers included Hagan's Sports Ltd. (1987) and Stevens Brown of Salt Lake City (1987). In the fall of 1992, Leonard Green & Partners acquired Thrifty and became the company's largest shareholder.
Sportmart.
At the same time that Gart Sports Company opened the Sportscastle, the Hochberg family and the Cantor family opened their first Sportmart in Niles, Illinois. The company grew to 60 stores in nine states. Gart Sports and Sportmart merged in 1998. Sportmart briefly operated in Canada before closing down their operations.
Oshman's.
Oshman's Sporting Goods was founded in Houston, Texas in 1919 by Jake Oshman. By 1965, Oshman's had become the largest sporting goods chain in Texas, operating 43 Oshman's SuperSports USA stores and 15 traditional stores; the company merged with Gart Sports in 2001.
Sports Authority.
The Sports Authority, Inc. was founded in Lakes Mall in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida by a syndicate of venture capital groups and several key founding executives. Jack A. Smith, formerly COO of Herman's World of Sports, CEO; Roy M. Cohen, Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager; Richard Lynch, Senior Vice President and CFO and Arnold Sedel, Vice President of Stores Operations were the founding executives. The venture capital syndicate was led by William Blair Venture Partners and included First Chicago Venture Partners, Bain Capital, Phillips-Smith Venture Partners, Marquette Venture Partners, and Bessemer Securities.
The Sports Authority, Inc. opened its first store in November 1987 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In 1990 Kmart acquired the company. Five years later, The Sports Authority had expanded to 136 stores in 26 states, and was spun off from parent Kmart.
Its headquarters were in Lauderdale Lakes, near Fort Lauderdale.
Gart Sports merge with Sports Authority.
Gart Sports, which also operated Oshman's and Sportmart, completed a "merger of equals" with Sports Authority on August 4, 2003. At the time of its merger with Gart Sports Company, The Sports Authority was the largest full-line sporting goods retailer in the United States, and had 205 stores in 33 states. The combined company took the Sports Authority name. With the merger, each share of Sports Authority was exchanged with 0.37 shares of Gart Sports which gave investors in each about 50% of the new merchant. The new company is based in Englewood, Colorado, which was the home of Gart Sports.
As of May 2006, the remaining stores that were not operating under the Sports Authority name were re-branded to the Sports Authority name. There are no longer any stores operating under the name of Gart Sports, Sportmart or Oshman's.
Copeland's Sports.
In August 2006, Copeland's Sports, headquartered out of San Luis Obispo, California filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and on November 17, 2006, Sports Authority, through a wholly owned subsidiary, assumed the leasehold interests in seven former Copeland's Sports retail store locations.
2006 leveraged buyout by Leonard Green & Partners.
In January 2006, Sports Authority agreed to be purchased in a leveraged buyout by affiliates of Leonard Green & Partners, a private equity investment firm, in a transaction valued at $1.4 billion. Shareholders approved the deal in May 2006. Upon completion of the merger, Sports Authority ceased to be a publicly listed stock. The subordinated financing for the deal was a private mezzanine loan from TCW/Crescent Mezzanine LLC. Thus, no public bonds are outstanding and Sports Authority no longer files financial statements with the SEC.
S.A. Elite.
Sports Authority launched new store brand "S.A. Elite" in mid-2010, based on consumer research and testing. These stores are smaller than typical Sports Authority outlets and carry high-end sports apparel and accessories.
Brands.
Sports Authority sells different brands of sporting goods from many different vendors. The company also sells products under its own private labels, including Alpine Design (seasonal clothing and outdoor goods), Sims (seasonal clothing and snowboards), Aspire (women's sportswear), SA Gear (men's sportswear and fitness equipment), Tommy Armour and Ram (Golf), Parkside (outdoor games and trampolines), and Bodyfit by Sports Authority (fitness accessories). Many of these products are made by other manufacturers and branded with the Sports Authority private labels.
Sports Authority Field at Mile High.
Sports Authority currently owns the corporate naming rights to Sports Authority Field at Mile High, a stadium in Denver, Colorado, which is the home of the Denver Broncos and was previously known as Invesco Field at Mile High.
Competition.
Sports Authority's major competitor stores include:

</doc>
<doc id="2906082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906082" title="Atlascopcosaurus">
Atlascopcosaurus

Atlascopcosaurus (meaning "Atlas Copco lizard") is a genus of herbivorous basal euornithopod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of the present Australia.
The type specimen, NMV P166409, was found in 1984 at the Dinosaur Cove East site at the coast of Victoria, in layers of the Eumeralla Formation dating from the early Cretaceous, Aptian-Albian. This holotype consists of a piece of the upper jaw, a partial maxilla with teeth. Nothing else is known about it; as the rest of the skeleton remains undiscovered it can only be inferred from closely related species that the genus represents a small bipedal herbivore. By extrapolation it has been estimated that it was about two to three metres (6.5–10 ft) long and weighed roughly 125 kg. Because the teeth are not species-specific and the maxilla fragment is little informative, the taxon is today commonly seen as a "nomen dubium".
The type species, "Atlascopcosaurus loadsi", was named and described by Tom Rich and Patricia Vickers-Rich in 1988/1989. The generic name refers to the Atlas Copco Company who had provided equipment for the dig that discovered this dinosaur in 1984. The project revealed 85 fossil bone fragments of various species. This opened the door for more excavation and, along with other companies, Atlas Copco helped over ten years excavate about sixty metres of tunnel in a cliff wall at the sea shore. The specific name, "loadsi", honours William Loads, the state manager for Atlas Copco at the time, who assisted during the dig.
"Atlascopcosaurus" was in 1988 assigned to the Hypsilophodontidae. These are today seen as an unnatural (paraphyletic) group and "Atlascopcosaurus" is now simply considered a basal member of the Ornithopoda.

</doc>
<doc id="2906083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906083" title="Philosophy of war">
Philosophy of war

The philosophy of war examines war beyond the typical questions of weaponry and strategy, inquiring into such things as the meaning and etiology of war, the relationship between war and human nature, and the ethics of war. Certain aspects of the philosophy of war may overlap with the philosophy of history, political philosophy and the philosophy of law.
Works about the philosophy of war.
Perhaps the greatest and most influential work in the philosophy of war is "On War" by Carl von Clausewitz. It combines observations on strategy with questions about human nature and the purpose of war. Clausewitz especially examines the teleology of war: whether war is a means to an end outside itself or whether it can be an end in itself. He concludes that the latter cannot be so, and that war is "politics by different means"; i.e. that war must not exist only for its own sake. It must serve some purpose for the state.
Leo Tolstoy's novel "War and Peace" contains frequent philosophical digressions on the philosophy of war (and broader metaphysical speculations derived from Christianity and from Tolstoy's observations of the Napoleonic Wars). It was influential on later thought about war. Tolstoy's Christian-centered philosophy of war (especially his essays "A Letter to a Hindu" and "The Kingdom of God is Within You") was a direct influence on Gandhi's Hinduism-centered non-violent resistance philosophy.
While Sun Tzu's "The Art of War", focusses mostly on weaponry and strategy instead of philosophy, his observations are often broadened into a philosophy applied in situations extending well beyond war itself (see the main Wikipedia article on "The Art of War" for a discussion of the application of Sun Tzu's philosophy to areas other than war). Parts of Niccolò Machiavelli's masterpiece "The Prince" (as well as "Discourses") and parts of his own work titled "The Art of War" discuss some philosophical points relating to war, though neither book could be said to be a work in the philosophy of war.
Traditions of thought.
Since the philosophy of war is often treated as a subset of another branch of philosophy (for example, political philosophy or the philosophy of law) it would be difficult to define any clear-cut schools of thought in the same sense that, e.g., Existentialism or Objectivism can be described as distinct movements. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy refers to Carl von Clausewitz is "the only (so-called) philosopher of war", implying that he is the only (major) philosophical writer who develops a philosophical system focusing "exclusively" on war. However, discernible traditions of thought on war have developed over time, so that some writers have been able to distinguish broad categories (if somewhat loosely).
Teleological categories.
Anatol Rapoport's introduction to his edition of the J. J. Graham translation of Clausewitz's "On War" identifies three main teleological traditions in the philosophy of war: the cataclysmic, the eschatological, and the political. ("On War", Rapoport's introduction, 13). These are not the only possible teleological philosophies of war, but only three of the most common. As Rapoport says,
Ethical categories.
Another possible system for categorizing different schools of thought on war can be found in the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (see external links, below), based on ethics. The SEP describes three major divisions in the ethics of war: the Realist, the Pacifist, and the Just War Theory. In a nutshell:

</doc>
<doc id="2906087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906087" title="Rolls-Royce aircraft piston engines">
Rolls-Royce aircraft piston engines

Rolls-Royce produced a range of piston engine types for aircraft use in the first half of the 20th Century. Production of own design engines ceased in 1955 with the last versions of the Griffon, licensed production of Teledyne Continental Motors general aviation engines was carried out by the company in the 1960s and 1970s.
Examples of Rolls-Royce aircraft piston engine types remain airworthy today with many more on public display in museums.
WWI.
In 1915, the Eagle, Falcon, and Hawk engines were developed in response to wartime needs. The Eagle was very successful, especially for bombers. It was scaled down by a factor of 5:4 to make the Falcon or by deleting one bank of its V12 cylinders to make the Hawk. The smaller engines were intended for fighter aircraft. Subsequently it was enlarged to make the Condor which saw use in airships.
Inter-war years.
The Kestrel was a post-war redesign of the Eagle featuring wet cylinder liners in (two) common cylinder blocks. It was developed into the supercharged Peregrine and later the Goshawk. 
Developed concurrently with the Kestrel was the unusual Rolls-Royce Eagle XVI X engine that was cancelled in favour of the Kestrel despite performing well on the test stand.
The Buzzard was an enlargement of the Kestrel of Condor size, developed in its most extreme form into the Rolls-Royce R racing engine used for the Schneider Trophy competition.
The Vulture of 1939 was essentially two Peregrines on a common crankshaft in an X-24 configuration, both of these types being deemed unsuccessful.
WWII and beyond.
The Rolls-Royce Merlin, and later the development of the Buzzard, the Rolls-Royce Griffon were the two most successful designs for Rolls-Royce to serve in the Second World War, the Merlin powering RAF fighters the Hawker Hurricane, Supermarine Spitfire, fighter/bomber de Havilland Mosquito, Lancaster and Halifax heavy bombers and also allied aircraft such as the American P-51 Mustang and some marks of Kittyhawk.
Experimental engines were developed as alternatives for high performance aircraft such as the H-24 configuration Rolls-Royce Eagle 22, the two-stroke Rolls-Royce Crecy and the Rolls-Royce Pennine and Rolls-Royce Exe, the Exe being the only one of these last three engines to fly. However the successful development of the Merlin and Griffon, and the introduction of jet engines precluded significant production of these types.
Production of Rolls-Royce designed aircraft piston engines ceased in 1955 with the last variants of the Griffon. Between 1961 and 1981 Rolls-Royce was licensed to build the Teledyne Continental range of light aircraft piston engines including the Continental O-520
Survivors.
As of 2011 examples of the Falcon, Griffon, Kestrel and Merlin remain airworthy.
Engines on display.
Various types of Rolls-Royce aircraft piston engines are on public display at the following museums:

</doc>
<doc id="2906097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906097" title="Aquarius (rocket)">
Aquarius (rocket)

Aquarius was a low-cost launch vehicle concept designed by Space Systems/Loral to carry small, inexpensive payloads into LEO.
Concept.
The vehicle was primarily intended for launching bulk products, like water, fuel, and other consumables, that are inexpensive to replace in the event of a launch failure. The target launch cost was $1 million. Aquarius was designed to be a single-stage vehicle 43 meters (141 ft) high and 4 meters (13.1 ft) in diameter and powered by a single pressure fed engine using liquid hydrogen and oxygen propellants stored in a composite pressure tank. Launch would have taken place from a floating position in the ocean to minimize launch infrastructure with the ability to place a 1,000-kilogram (2,200 lb) payload into a , 52-degree orbit. The payload, located in the base of the vehicle, would be extracted by an orbiting space tug for transfer to its ultimate destination, like the ISS or a propellant depot, after which the vehicle would de-orbit and be destroyed.
Vortex Cooled Chamber Wall Engine.
Space Systems/Loral teamed with Microcosm, and Wilson Composite Technologies to study Aquarius under a $110,000 grant awarded by the state of California in April 2001 and delivered a final report in June 2002. Funding of $1 million was provided in the FY 2004 Defense Appropriations Act to develop a prototype of the low-cost engine for the vehicle. The engine would provide 400,000 pounds-force (1.8 MN) of thrust using liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen as propellants. For the engine development, Space Systems/Loral is partnered with Aerojet, ORBITEC and Microcosm, under the auspices of the Air Force Research Laboratory and was completed in 2006. It confirmed that an ORBITEC engine design with inherently low cost can be scaled up to an intermediate thrust level, from which the next scale-up step to Aquarius should be achievable.
COTS bid.
The proposal made with Constellation Services International for Commercial Orbital Transportation Services in 2006 was not selected.$150 million was the planned development cost, as part of a $700 million project (that included a space tug). 100 launches per year were needed to be profitable. One third of the launches were by design allowed to fail. Target costs were $1 million per launch or $1000/kg to LEO.

</doc>
<doc id="2906102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906102" title="Flat foot">
Flat foot

Flat foot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906103" title="Hysteresivity">
Hysteresivity

Hysteresivity derives from “hysteresis”, meaning “lag”. It is the tendency to react slowly to an outside force, or to not return completely to its original state. Whereas the area within a hysteresis loop represents energy dissipated to heat and is an extensive quantity with units of energy, the hysteresivity represents the fraction of the elastic energy that is lost to heat, and is an intensive property that is dimensionless.
Overview.
When a force deforms a material it generates elastic stresses and internal frictional stresses. Most often, frictional stress is described as being analogous to the stress that results from the flow of a viscous fluid, but in many engineering materials, in soft biological tissues, and in living cells, the concept that friction arises only from a viscous stress is now known to be erroneous. For example, Bayliss and Robertson 
and Hildebrandt demonstrated that frictional stress in lung tissue is dependent upon the amount of lung expansion but not the rate of expansion, findings that are fundamentally incompatible with the notion of friction being caused by a viscous stress. If not by a viscous stress, how then does friction arise, and how is it properly described? 
In many inert and living materials, the relationship between elastic and frictional stresses turns out to be very nearly invariant (something unaltered by a transformation). In lung tissues, for example, the frictional stress is almost invariably between 0.1 and 0.2 of the elastic stress, where this fraction is called the hysteresivity, h, or, equivalently, the structural damping coefficient. It is a simple phenomenological fact, therefore, that for each unit of peak elastic strain energy that is stored during a cyclic deformation, 10 to 20% of that elastic energy is taxed as friction and lost irreversibly to heat. This fixed relationship holds at the level of the whole lung 
, isolated lung parenchymal tissue strips, isolated smooth muscle strips, and even isolated living cells.
This close relationship between frictional and elastic stresses is called the structural damping law or, sometimes, the constant phase model. The structural damping law implies that frictional losses are coupled tightly to elastic stresses rather than to viscous stresses, but the precise molecular mechanical origin of this phenomenon remains unknown. 
In material science, the complex elastic modulus of a material, G*(f), at frequency of oscillatory deformation, f, is given by,
formula_1
where:
This relationship can be rewritten as, 
formula_2 
where:
In systems conforming to the structural damping law, the hysteresivity "h" is constant with or insensitive to changes in oscillatory frequency, and the loss modulus G” (= h G’) becomes a constant fraction of the elastic modulus.

</doc>
<doc id="2906105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906105" title="Calabar bean">
Calabar bean

The Calabar bean is the seed of a leguminous plant, "Physostigma venenosum", a native of tropical Africa, poisonous to humans. It derives the first part of its scientific name from a curious beak-like appendage at the end of the stigma, in the centre of the flower; this appendage, though solid, was supposed to be hollow (hence the name from , a bladder, and stigma).
Growth.
The plant is a large, herbaceous, climbing perennial, with the stem woody at the base, up to in diameter; it has a habit like the scarlet runner, and attains a height of about . The flowers, resting on axillary peduncles, are large, about an inch long, grouped in pendulous, fascicled racemes pale-pink or purplish, and beautifully veined. The seed pods, which contain two or three seeds or beans, are in length; and the beans are about the size of an ordinary horse bean but much thicker, with a deep chocolate-brown color.
Toxicology.
Calabar bean contains physostigmine, a reversible cholinesterase inhibitor alkaloid. The alkaloid physostigmine acts in effect like nerve gas, disrupting communication between the nerves and muscles, and resulting in copius salivation, seizures, loss of control over the bladder and bowels, and eventually loss of control over the respiratory system, causing death by asphyxiation.
The main antidote to Calabar bean poisoning is atropine, which may often succeed; and the other measures are those usually employed to stimulate the circulation and respiration. Unfortunately, the antagonism between physostigmine and atropine is not perfect, and Sir Thomas Richard Fraser has shown that in such cases there comes a time when, if the action of the two drugs is summated, death results sooner than from either alone. Thus atropine will save life if three and a half times the fatal dose of physostigmine has been taken, but will hasten the end if four or more times the fatal dose has been ingested.
Historical uses.
They constitute the E-ser-e or ordeal beans of the people of Old Calabar, being administered to persons accused of witchcraft or other crimes. In cases where the poisonous material did its deadly work, it was held at once to indicate and rightly to punish guilt; but when it was rejected by the stomach of the accused, innocence was held to be satisfactorily established. A form of dueling with the seeds is also known among the natives, in which the two opponents divide a bean, each eating one half; that quantity has been known to kill both adversaries. Although thus highly poisonous, the bean has nothing in external aspect, taste or smell to distinguish it from any harmless leguminous seed, and disastrous effects have resulted from its being incautiously left in the way of children. The beans were first introduced into Britain in the year 1840; but the plant was not accurately described until 1861, and its physiological effects were investigated in 1863 by Sir Thomas Richard Fraser. The bean usually contains a little more than 1% of alkaloids. Two of these have been identified, one called calabarine with atropine-like effects, and the other, the drug physostigmine, used in the treatment of anticholinergic syndrome, myasthenia gravis, glaucoma and delayed gastric emptying.
References.
http://botanical.com/botanical/mgmh/c/calbea05.html

</doc>
<doc id="2906112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906112" title="Gurkha Contingent">
Gurkha Contingent

The Gurkha Contingent (Abbreviation: GC; ; , ) is a line department of the Singapore Police Force from the south Asian country of Nepal. Members of the GC are trained to be highly skilled and are selected for their display of strong discipline and dedication in their tasks. The principal role of the contingent is to be a special guard force, and it is currently used as a counter-terrorist force.
History.
The GC was formed on 9 April 1949 in the wake of Indian independence from the British Empire, when Gurkhas of Nepal battalions from the British Indian Army were divided between the Indian Army and the British Army. Those transferred to the British Army were posted to other remaining British Colonies. In Malaya and Singapore, their presence was required in the Malayan Emergency, and their roles were to replace the Sikh unit in Singapore which reverted to the Indian Army on Indian independence.
Just a year after their formation, their presence became an asset when racial riots between the Malay and European communities broke out over the disputed custody of Maria Hertogh. The GC troopers were again activated when major rioting erupted all over the country between the ethnic Malays and Chinese on Prophet Mohammed's birthday from 21 July 1964 till September that same year.
Their presence as a neutral force was important because local police officers were often perceived to be (or were even expected to be) biased towards their own ethnic groups when handling racial disturbances, further fueling discontent and violence. Officers who attempt to carry out their duties impartially and in full accordance with the law also face social backlash from their own ethnic communities, a difficult situation which can even lead to physical harm to individual officers.
In his autobiography, former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew recounted the use of the Gurkha Contingent as an impartial force at the time when Singapore had just gained independence. He wrote:
""When I returned to Oxley Road "residence", Gurkha policemen (recruited by the British from Nepal) were posted as sentries. To have either Chinese policemen shooting Malays or Malay policemen shooting Chinese would have caused widespread repercussions. The Gurkhas, on the other hand, were neutral, besides having a reputation for total discipline and loyalty.""
Manpower and training.
Since its formation in 1949 with 142 men, the contingent has grown to over 2,000 in size in 2003. Young men are recruited in Nepal at the British Gurkha camp in Pokhara. About 370 are selected annually in December out of a pool of over 20,000 applications with about 140 eventually joining the GC while the rest will go to the British Army.
Some of the basic physical admission criteria in the recruitment camp include:
Applicants are expected to possess a minimum education level of SLC 3rd Division equivalent to the GCE Ordinary Level. Upon registration, they have to go through a battery of physical and mental assessments prior to selection, including oral and written tests in the English language, a mathematics test, a board interview and medical examination. The annual selection process, which normally takes 17 days but is spread over four months due to conditions in Nepal, will then assign recruits to either the GC or the British Army.
Upon successful selection, GC trainees are flown to Singapore, and housed at the permanent base of the GC at Mount Vernon Camp where they will receive a ten-month long training before being subsequently deployed for duties. The training phase of GC officers is relatively unknown, although they have been noted to utilise the jungles in Pulau Tekong for training. Arrangements with the Royal Brunei Police Force have allowed Gurkha officers to conduct jungle training in Brunei for several years. Training from external agencies were also received from the SAF Medical Training Institute for medical courses.
Organization and rank structure.
There are a total of six Gurkha Guard companies commanded by Nepalis Inspectors. As a British colonial import, the first contingent commander was a British officer, and till today, it remains the only military or police unit to be headed by a British officer in Singapore seconded from the British Army. The current commander is Deputy Assistant Commissioner Ross Forman. The contingent also has its own Gurkha Band Contingent, the Gurkha Contingent Pipes and Drums Platoon, which is part of the Singapore Police Force Band. The Gurkha Contingent Pipes and drums platoon is commanded by P & D OIC Insp Chandrasing Gurung.
Ranks.
The rank structure of the GC has remained largely unchanged over the years, thus retaining several ranks which have since been abolished in the rest of the police Force. It is currently the only unit to retain the rank of Chief Inspector, and to recruit new officers as Constables as opposed to regular officers in the rest of the SPF who start from a minimum rank of Corporal.
Deployment.
Before the September 11, 2001 attacks, the GC was seldom seen in public besides being stationed at key locations such as the Istana, and the homes of VIPs such as former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew and the President of Singapore. They were also seen stationed at important foreign properties such as the British High Commission and installations which require added security such as the Currency House at Pasir Panjang.
Changing security concerns since 2001 has led to a more active deployment of GC troopers in recent years, and a review of their existing roles. Previously known for standing guard atop lookout towers at Changi Prison where the country's top criminals are housed, this role has since been outsourced to private auxiliary police forces in the mid-2000s with the liberalization of the private armed security industry.
Besides guarding key installations, Gurkha troopers are also increasingly deployed during key national events. They are deployed during the annual National Day Parade, and complemented the police's stringent security measures during the 117th IOC Session held in Singapore in July 2005. In addition, they are also deployed to watch over sealed ballot boxes during the country's general elections. Most recently, the GC was involved in the hunt for escaped detainee Mas Selamat bin Kastari.
On 18 March 2004, three armed fugitives escaped from Johor, Malaysia after committing armed robbery, and fled by a motorised sampan to Pulau Tekong. Over 700 personnel from the police and the SAF were activated, with the first fugitive captured by the Gurkha officers within 34 hours from the commencement of the search operation. The second fugitive was arrested by the Police Coast Guard's Special Task Squadron officers, while the last man was again caught by the GC six hours after the second arrest.
Less publicly known, is the GC's role in helping to train fellow officers in the police force, as well as other agencies including that of the military. Their fitness, combat and survival skills were imparted through various courses, in return for the help they have similarly received from other agencies in training GC troopers. Gurkhas occasionally lead police Senior Officer trainees in runs and other physical training.
The GC has also contributed to Singapore's overseas security and humanitarian missions. For example, GC officers were part of a 40-man Singapore Police Contingent to the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor in 2000.
On 8 December 2013, the GC were deployed, along with police from Special Operation Command, to help quell the 2013 Little India Riots.
Uniforms.
The uniforms of the GC are largely adapted from those of their regular counterparts, adopting the same dark blue outfit but distinguished by their signature headgear, the 'Gurkha hat'. Until recent times, the uniform has remained largely unchanged over the past decades, resulting in increased differences from that of regular police officers. For example, the adoption of embroidered ranks and badges, the abolition of long-sleeved shirts for short-sleeved ones, and the removal of the whistle and chain from the no.3 dress has not been followed by the Gurkhas. This resistance towards changes to the uniform for the sake of officer comfort and welfare is reflective of the contingent's culture of strict adherence to tradition and the placing of duty above self. From 2006 however, the uniform received radical updates in line with changes to the uniforms of their local counterparts, but the Gurkha hat remains unchanged.
Gurkha hat.
The Hat Terai Gurkha is the name of the headgear worn by officers of the Gurkha Contingent in Singapore. A distinctive part of the Gurkha uniform not worn by any other member of the Singapore Police Force, it is named after the Terai region in Nepal, a location linked to the events surrounding the Gurkha War. Worn only during guard duty and on parades, the hat is made of khaki-coloured felt with a dark blue puggaree wound around the hat with six folds. The aluminium silver anodised police force cap badge is affixed on the puggaree to the left. It is always worn with the chin strap and is deliberately tilted far enough to the right that the brim touches the right ear.
Traditional Dress No. 3.
The Gurkha trooper's no. 3 dress, also called the working dress, is for general duties, including guard duties and on parade. The dark blue outfit, largely adapted from the Singapore Police Force (SPF), included the standard two front breast pockets on the shirt with aluminium-anodised collar badges, buttons and a black plastic name tag atop the right breast pocket. Since removed in the rest of the SPF, but retained by the GC, were the chromed service number pinned above the name tag, and the whistle and chain.
The shirt was long-sleeved and neatly folded up, unlike the short-sleeved versions adopted for the no. 3 dress of the SPF. The sleeves were rolled down when the sun sets, and rolled up again when the sun rises. GC troopers continued to wear aluminium badges of rank, which were worn on the right sleeve, 11.5 centimetres below the right shoulder strap. Constables wore aluminium bars at the outer edges of the shoulder straps. The dark blue trousers were secured by the two-pronged black leather Garrison Belt, and completed by standard-issued black leather boots.
The trooper wears the Hat Terrai Gurkha when on guard duty and while on parade. While on guard duty, he is armed with a pistol and magazine pouch worn on the belt, and with the kukri affixed to the back of his belt. Additional weaponry and equipment may be issued depending on situational needs. When not on duty, the officer dons a blue beret with the metal police cap badge similar to older berets worn by combat officers of the SPF.
Senior Gurkha officers are distinguished by a gold flash on the cap badge. The Duty Unit Sergeant wears an additional red sash with the uniform.
Traditional Dress No. 4.
The traditional Gurkha no.4 dress was adapted from the combat dress of their regular counterparts, and was also known as the night dress, as they were worn during night duty. They were also worn for civil security duty and training, as well as range practices at any time of the day. The long sleeves of the dark blue shirt was similarly rolled up and down depending on duty requirements and time of day, and was devoid of metal accoutrements. Junior officers wore their service numbers using white embroidered lettering on a dark blue Velcro backing fixed above their right breast pocket. Ranks were sewn on the right sleeves and made of embroidered, white cloth. The dark blue trousers were tucked into combat boots, and was topped by a dark blue beret.
In the years leading up to major changes to the uniforms in 2006, the GC increasingly adopted the no.4 dress for active duty in public places, incorporating elements from the no.3 dress. Officers on duty during the National Day Parade and the 117th IOC Session wore the no.4 dress but with the Hat Terrai Gurkha. The shirt sleeves were rolled up, and included the metal whistle and chain. In addition, the rank was not sewn to the sleeves, but worn on a dark blue tab affixed to the right breast pocket with the rank in silver embroidered thread similar to that currently used by regular officers.
Less often seen, but formally in frequent use during rioting incidents is the fire-resistant version of the combat dress, which feature zipper breast pockets and on the trousers. Gurkha officers may also wear the jungle dress, with camouflage-coloured uniforms based on the British Army DPM and jockey cap or khaki-coloured beret, and complemented by various forms of webbing for paramilitary and military training, duties in rural and forested areas, combat fitness training and when dispatched out of Singapore for overseas exercises.
2006 changes.
In 2006, the GC implemented its biggest change to its uniform since the adoption of the present uniform three decades ago, just prior to the commencement of the 61st Annual Meetings of the Boards of Governors of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group as part of Singapore 2006. Khaki-coloured berets were worn in place of the dark blue beret. The combat dress (Dress No. 4) was changed to a cotton-polyester material 'BLACK' also known as No 4 Black Dress. The ranks worn on the right breast pocket were maintained in the new uniforms.
Social life and impact.
The entire contingent is housed in Mount Vernon Camp, which is their one-stop location for work as well as personal life. While most new recruits come to Singapore alone since they are usually in their late teens or early twenties, they are allowed to bring along their wives and immediate family members to Singapore as they move on into the next phases of their personal lives.
Ultimately, the officers know they are here only on a temporary basis, further enforced by the fact that they are disallowed from integrating too much with local society. Due to their chief purpose as a neutral presence here, they are not allowed to marry Singaporean women, hence the allowance to bring their wives and children from Nepal to the camp. At the end of their contract, they are expected to return to their villages and back to a rural life dependent on agriculture. Only a handful have ever been known to have broken this tradition and chosen to stay in the city-state.
The camp itself is built on a relatively secluded area in Mount Vernon, taking over facilities previously occupied by the reserve units. Comprehensive facilities to create a self-contained township-like complex allows most daily chores and needs to be fulfilled within the camp without too much interaction with the outside world. This also helps to reduce the amount of traffic into and out of the camp for security reasons.
Still, dwellers in the complex are not prohibited from leaving the camp or utilising services and facilities outside it. Throngs of school-going Nepalese children regularly leave and enter the camp everyday, wearing the uniforms of national schools. The camp's close proximity to Bartley Secondary School has seen a significant number of Nepalese children being enrolled there, although they can also be found in schools much further away as the children become gradually assimilated into Singaporean society and culture. They cannot sink their roots deeply, however, as most of them are in the country on dependent passes, and are compelled to leave Singapore when they turn 21.
Still most of these young Nepalese are unlikely to follow their fathers' footsteps, and armed with education certificates, are expected to lead quite a different life compared to previous generations should they return to Nepal. 
The surrounding commercial outlets thrive on business brought about by the Nepalese community based here, and it is a common sight to see officers doing their daily recreational runs around the major roads close to the camp, albeit always in civilian running attire and running alone or in small groups to avoid drawing too much attention to themselves.
The Gurkha community has been known to extend aid to their fellow Nepalese in Singapore, such as during the operation to separate the conjoined twins Ganga and Jamuna at the Singapore General Hospital in November 2001, where they helped to raise funds for the medical procedure and daily expenses, accommodated the family at their Mount Vernon home for a period of time, and assisting in making logistical arrangements for the family's transportation and other needs.
Back in Nepal, the Gurkha Welfare Trust seeks to preserve the legacy and heritage of the Gurkhas with the opening of Gurkha Memorial Museum in the premises of Hotel Nature Land at Pardi, Pokhara. There, uniforms and badges of the GC are on display together with those serving with the British Army. Locals and tourists alike have visited the place, a reflection of the high regard local Nepalese hold for their counterparts who have served in these overseas organisations.
Despite their temporary employment basis, it is considered highly honourable to serve as a GC member back in Nepal, and there is always a ready pool of young men eager to join the contingent, with well over 20,000 applications seeking to join the British Army or the GC annually for just 370 places. The good income, way of life, and affordable education for their children (or future children) are further draws. With the increasing concerns against terrorism and the continued security threat Singapore faces, it is likely the GC will have an increased and sustained role in Singapore's future, despite original intentions of the contingent itself as a temporary security measure during Singapore's turbulent early years.
Immigration status.
About 2,000 Gurkhas are employed by the Singapore government. After six years of service they are allowed to bring their wives and children to Singapore until the end of their service. However their children are not allowed to stay after reaching twenty-one years of age. If this rule is not met, they can be arrested by the immigration authorities. The children are only allowed to study in Singapore. The children along with their wives are also not allowed to seek any kind of employment.

</doc>
<doc id="2906117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906117" title="Golden Week (China)">
Golden Week (China)

The Golden Week (), in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, is the name given to a semi-annual 7-day national holiday, implemented in 2000:
A third Golden Week holiday, which spanned May 1 and celebrated Labour Day, existed until 2007.
Three days of paid holiday are given, and the surrounding weekends are re-arranged so that workers in Chinese companies always have seven continuous days of holiday. These national holidays were first started by the government for the PRC's National Day in 1999 and are primarily intended to help expand the domestic tourism market and improve the national standard of living, as well as allowing people to make long-distance family visits. The Golden Weeks are consequently periods of greatly heightened travel activity.
An estimated 28 million Chinese traveled during the first National Day Golden Week in 1999. In 2007, this number had increased to over 120 million.
Statistics.
In 2012, the PRC government announced that national highways would be toll free for Golden Week, and as a result 86 million people travelled by road (13% increase compared to the previous year). The same year, the Forbidden City in Beijing had a new record of 182,000 visitors within one day on October 2, the Mausoleum of Sun Yat-sen had 215,000 visitors on October 4 (10 times the number of visitors on a normal busy day), 7.6 million people travelled via domestic airlines, 60.9 million people travelled via railway, and revenues from tourism totalled at 1.77 billion renminbi.
Controversy.
In 2004, there were calls for the Golden Week holidays to be cut back, due to their disruption of the regular economy. 
In 2006, delegates to the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference brought up proposals to cancel both the National Day and May Day Golden Weeks, arguing that the holidays have not achieved significant results in promoting internal consumption, which was the original intention for these long holiday weeks. Rather, the delegates said, these Golden Weeks have disrupted people's regular 5-day weekly schedule and is increasingly impeding commerce and international trade, as many key government agencies, especially those related to customs, tax/tariff collection, and legal affairs, are shut down for seven days. Instead, they proposed, these days off should be spread out to other traditional holidays not currently recognized as public holidays, including Mid-Autumn Festival, Dragon Boat Festival, and Qingming Festival. Golden Weeks were sustained as weekly holidays through 2007. 
An article in the "International Herald Tribune" stated that the committee that is reviewing the new plan posted it for public comment in November 2007, with the intention of implementing it in early 2008. According to this article, the May Day holiday will be reduced to one day, with new one-day holidays for the Mid-Autumn Festival, Dragon Boat Festival, and Qingming Festival. The Spring Festival and National Day would remain three-day holidays, though they would be adjusted to prevent them from becoming seven consecutive days, as is the current practice. 
On December 16, 2007, China’s official news agency said the Chinese population is to have a further three national holidays and lose only one of its golden weeks, the May Day holiday, according to the calendar reform that the Government has approved. May Day itself has now become a one-day holiday. Three traditional festivals—Tomb-Sweeping Day (Qingming Festival), Dragon-boat Festival and Mid Autumn Festival—are added to the list of public holidays. With this revision of the labour calendar, the Chinese government aims to recover the customs associated with traditional festivals and balance tourist demand during the weeks of holidays, according to the Xinhua News Agency. In practice, the new calendar, which came into force on January 1, 2008, will increase national holidays from 10 to 11 days. A spokesperson for the National Commission for Development and Reform said that the new plan would ratify Chinese traditions, better distribute holidays and prevent the “overcrowding” of the “golden weeks” when more people travel during the new holidays and during the periods of paid holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906123" title="Notation3">
Notation3

Notation3, or N3 as it is more commonly known, is a shorthand non-XML serialization of Resource Description Framework models, designed with human-readability in mind: N3 is much more compact and readable than XML RDF notation. The format is being developed by Tim Berners-Lee and others from the Semantic Web community. A formalization of the logic underlying N3 was published by Berners-Lee and others in 2008. 
N3 has several features that go beyond a serialization for RDF models, such as support for RDF-based rules. Turtle is a simplified, RDF-only subset of N3.
Examples.
This RDF model in standard XML notation
may be written in Notation 3 like this:

</doc>
<doc id="2906126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906126" title="William Crabtree">
William Crabtree

William Crabtree (1610–1644) was an astronomer, mathematician, and merchant from Broughton, then a township near Manchester, which is now part of Salford, Greater Manchester, England. He was one of only two people to observe and record the first predicted transit of Venus in 1639 .
Life and work.
Crabtree was born in 1610 in the hamlet of Broughton Spout, which was on the east bank of the River Irwell, near the area now known as "The Priory" in Broughton and was educated at the Manchester Grammar School. He married into a wealthy family and worked as a merchant in Manchester. In his spare time, his great interest was astronomy. He carefully measured the movements of the planets and undertook precise astronomical calculations. With improved accuracy, he rewrote the existing Rudolphine Tables of Planetary Positions.
Crabtree corresponded with Jeremiah Horrocks (who sometimes spelt his name in the Latinised form as Horrox), another enthusiastic amateur astronomer, from 1636. A group of astronomers from the north of England, which included William Gascoigne, formed around them and were Britain's first followers of the astronomy of Johannes Kepler. "Nos Keplari" as the group called themselves, were distinguished as being the first people to gain a realistic notion of the size of the solar system. Crabtree and Horrocks were the only astronomers to observe, plot, and record the transit of Venus across the Sun, as predicted by Horrocks, on 24 November 1639 Julian calendar (4 December Gregorian calendar). The two correspondents both recorded the event in their own homes and it is not known whether they ever met in person, but Crabtree's calculations were crucial in allowing Horrocks to estimate the size of Venus and the distance from the Earth to the Sun. Unfortunately, Horrocks died early in 1641 - the day before he was due to meet Crabtree. Crabtree made his will on 19 July 1644, and was buried within the precincts of the Manchester Collegiate Church on 1 August 1644, close to where he had received his education.
The recording of the transit is now seen by many as the birth of modern astronomy in Britain, and indeed, John Flamsteed later said that the work of Horrocks and his north country colleagues laid much of the foundation upon which his work as Astronomer Royal would stand.
Commemorations.
On 9 June 2004, the day after a transit occurred as predicted by Horrocks, a commemorative street nameplate in memory of William Crabtree was unveiled at the junction of Lower Broughton Road and Priory Grove which marks the northern boundary of Crabtree Croft. A commemorative plaque was unveiled a few yards away in December 2005, at Ivy Cottage 388-90 Lower Broughton Road, which is thought most likely to have been the home of Crabtree and his family at the time when he was collaborating with Horrocks.
The second transit of the pair occurred on 5 and 6 June 2012 and celebration was held at Ivy cottage, when NASA broadcast a recreation of the observation, inspired by the Ford Madox Brown mural, to millions of viewers and projected a live stream of the transit from Hawaii on the side of the house.
Crabtree is also celebrated in Manchester Town Hall, where a romanticised depiction of his recording of the transit can be seen in a mural (pictured) entitled "Crabtree watching the transit of Venus AD 1639" painted by the artist Ford Madox Brown in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="2906127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906127" title="Bowdoin Street (Boston)">
Bowdoin Street (Boston)

Bowdoin Street in Boston, Massachusetts extends from the top of Beacon Street, down Beacon Hill to Cambridge Street, near the West End. It was originally called "Middlecott Street" as early as the 1750s. In 1805 it was renamed after the Governor James Bowdoin.
Location and description.
Bowdoin is situated on the north side of Beacon Hill, and runs north to south. It is primarily a residential street. Topographically, Bowdoin Street is a hill from Cambridge Street at the bottom to its north, and Beacon Street at the top to its south.
Residences.
The street is flanked on both sides by apartment complexes. Lindsay Place dominates the western side, with four buildings built in 1886 which are protected historic buildings. Bowdoin Place, completed in 2003, extends along the street's eastern half.
In the 18th century Governor James Bowdoin lived at the corner of Beacon and Bowdoin Streets. He had "one of the largest gardens of that day Boston, ... a large house and an extensive lot of land. ... He had a garden abounding in the finest fruits -- pears and peaches, apples and grapes." At the turn of the 19th century, Joseph Coolidge, Sr., lived here in a large house built by architect Charles Bulfinch. Bulfinch himself lived on Bowdoin Street, briefly. From 1946 to his death, John F. Kennedy kept an apartment at 122 Bowdoin Street.
Government Buildings.
The Massachusetts State House faces Beacon Street with several entrances from Bowdoin Street. Ashburton Place, which contains other state and local offices, is also accessible from Bowdoin.
Businesses.
The few businesses on Bowdoin are restaurants, including Grotto (between 33 and 45 Bowdoin) and the Dunkin' Donuts at the corner. Duck-Boat operators' patter refers to the coffee shop as "the only place in town where you can get a cappuccino and sushi at once." The Osaka Sushi place shares the building with the doughnut shop and a deli.
There are two bars on the street. At the north end, the Red Hat, known for its pitchers of Mud Slides and other frozen drinks, is referred to as "Old Scollay's Red Hat." The other bar, at the south end, is the "Twenty-First Amendment," named for the Constitutional amendment to repeal alcohol prohibition in the United States.
Church.
St. John the Evangelist Episcopal Church is on Bowdoin Street. Solomon Willard designed it. "The church building, made of stone in a gothic style, was erected in 1831 by Congregationalist Christians. From 1863-1883, it was occupied by the Church of the Advent (which afterwards moved to its current location on Brimmer Street). In 1883, the building became the Mission Church of St. John the Evangelist under the auspices of the Society of St. John the Evangelist, a monastic order. After building a new monastery on Memorial Drive in Cambridge, the SSJE brothers continued their mission work at St. John's. In 1985, almost a century after the brothers established the mission church here, St. John's became a Parish Church in the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts."
The Square.
Bowdoin Square was put to rest in about 1955, but lives on as a subway station, called appropriately, "Bowdoin." It is at one end of the Blue Line of the MBTA.

</doc>
<doc id="2906128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906128" title="SS Caribou">
SS Caribou

SS "Caribou" was a Newfoundland Railway passenger ferry that ran between Port aux Basques, in the Dominion of Newfoundland, and North Sydney, Nova Scotia between 1928 and 1942. During the Battle of the St. Lawrence the ferry was attacked and sunk by the in October 1942, while traversing the Cabot Strait as part of its three weekly SPAB convoys. As a civilian vessel, it had women and children on board, and many of them were among the 137 who died. Its sinking, and large death toll, made it clear that the war had really arrived on Canada's and Newfoundland's home front, and is cited by many historians as the most significant sinking in Canadian-controlled waters during the Second World War.
Construction.
"Caribou" was built in 1925 at Rotterdam, the Netherlands, for the Newfoundland Railway. Launched in 1925, she had a capacity of and was able to reach a speed of when fully loaded. She also had steam-heat and electric lights in all of her cabins, which were considered to be a luxury at the time. Also, due to her ice-breaking design, "Caribou" also assisted during the seal hunt along the Newfoundland coast each spring.
Sinking.
On 13 October 1942, "Caribou" was part of the Sydney-Port aux Basque (SPAB) convoy, organized by the Royal Canadian Navy base HMCS "Protector". The SPAB series of convoys usually occurred three-times a week, and was carried out in darkness. HMCS "Grandmère", a Bangor class minesweeper was the naval escort vessel on this ill-fated voyage. 
Unfortunately for the convoy, Nazi was patrolling the Gulf of St. Lawrence. It was a dark evening, and the heavy smoke from "Caribou"'s coal-fired steam boilers silhouetted it against the nighttime horizon. At 3:51 a.m. Newfoundland Summer Time, on 14 October 1942, it was torpedoed approximately southwest of Port aux Basques and sunk five minutes later. "Grandmère" spotted the submarine and tried to ram it, but, "U-69" quickly submerged. Over the next two-hours, the minesweeper launched six depth charges, but did not damage the submarine, and "U-69" crept away into the Atlantic undetected. Following procedure, "Grandmère" then went back for survivors. In the days after the sinking, the Canadian naval vessel was criticized in the media for not immediately stopping and helping save survivors, but that was against operating procedures, and would have placed it in immediate danger of being sunk as well. After picking up survivors, "Grandmère" sailed for Sydney because it had better hospital facilities than Port aux Basques.
"Caribou" was carrying 46 crew members and 191 civilian and military passengers. The ship's longtime Captain, Benjamin Taverner, was commanding the boat as it was struck, and perished along with his sons who served as crew members. Of the deceased, two were rescued at first, but they later died from exposure to the cold water. 137 people died that morning, and the passenger and crew totals were broken down as follows: of 118 military personal, 57 died; of 73 civilians, 49 died; of the 46 crew members, 31 died. 34 bodies were found and brought to Port aux Basques by fishing schooners chartered by the Newfoundland Railway Company. To prevent rumours, the Canadian Navy allowed the "Sydney Post-Record" and other media outlets to report the sinking, almost as soon as it happened, one of the few times that war censorship was temporarily lifted in this period. The sinking made front page news in both the "The Toronto Daily Star" and "The Globe and Mail" newspapers later that week.
Memorialized.
In 1986, the CN Marine/Marine Atlantic ferry MV "Caribou" was named after the SS "Caribou". It plied the same route as the original ferry, travelling between North Sydney and Port aux Basque. On its maiden voyage, 12 May 1986, the ship stopped at the location where its predecessor sank. At approximately 5:30 a.m., survivor Mack Piercey, one of 13 survivors on board for the occasion, tossed a poppy-laden memorial wreath into the ocean and then the ship continued on to Port aux Basque to complete the voyage.

</doc>
<doc id="2906133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906133" title="Sequestrant">
Sequestrant

A sequestrant is a term for a food additive. Sequestrants improve the quality and stability of the food products. Sequestrants form chelate complexes with polyvalent metal ions, especially copper, iron and nickel, which serve as catalysts in the oxidation of the fats in the food. Sequestrants are a kind of preservative.
The name comes from Latin and means "to withdraw from use" .
Common sequestrants are:
Sodium and calcium salts of EDTA are also commonly used in many foods and beverages.

</doc>
<doc id="2906134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906134" title="Battle of Bud Bagsak">
Battle of Bud Bagsak

The Battle of Bud Bagsak was a battle during the Moro Rebellion phase of the Philippine–American War fought between June 11 and June 15, 1913. The defending Moro resistance fighters were fortified at the top of Mount Bagsak. The attacking Americans were led by General John 'Black Jack' Pershing. The Moros were entirely annihilated, including their leader, Datu Amil.
Background.
In March 1913, Datu Amil and 1500 warriors negotiated with the Sultan of Sulu and other Moros allied with the Americans, pledging to surrender their weapons. Two months later, having retreated to Bud Bagsak with his entire population of 6,000-10,000 in the Lati Ward, he told the Americans to "come on and fight". 
Noticing the Moros only fled to Bud Bagsak when provoked by government troops, General John J. Pershing, devised a policy of keeping the troops in their island garrisons in the hopes the women and children would come down from the mountain cottas. At the same time, Pershing secretly landed his force on the coastal town of Bun Bun, three and a half miles from ud Bagsak. Pershing's force consisted of the 51st and 52nd Companies of Moro Scouts from Basilan and Siasi, besides the Philippine Scouts from Jolo and fifty troopers from the 8th Cavalry Regiment.
The horseshoe-shaped volcanic crater, open on the northwest at a knoll called Languasan, was protected by five cottas, Bunga, Bagsak, Puhagan, Matunkup and Puyacabao, ranging from 1,440 to 1,900 feet in elevation. 
In many other battles in the Morolands, the U.S. Army Colt .45 caliber pistol was tested and perfected as an effective "man stopper" against the Moro fighters, who often fought with berserker tendencies.
Battle.
Pershing made Languasan his first objective as a place for his artillery and to block any escape, sending Major George C. Shaw with Company M of the 8th Infantry and the 40th Company of Philippine Scouts. Pershing also sent Capt. George Charlton and his 51st Moros to attack Matunkup while Capt. Taylor Nichols' Philippine Scouts attacked Puyacabao. By 12:20 PM, Matunkup was in American hands, and earned 2nd Lt. Louis Mosher a Medal of Honor. Puyacabao fell by 12:30 PM. That ended the first day of fighting, 11 June.
Early on the morning of 12 June, the American artillery fired on Puhagan while marksmen fired on its interior, killing Datu Amil. Pershing then ordered Capt. Patrick Moylan to attack Bunga with the 24th and 31st Scouts, taking it by 1:30 PM. Pershing, James Lawton Collins, and a ten man escort scouted Bagsak, which convinced Pershing to bring up his artillery on 14 June and attack from the south.
The attack began in Sunday morning fog, 15 June, with mountain howitzers and Charlton's Moros advancing at 9 AM. When the assault stalled, Pershing joined other American officers in the forefront of danger, helping stop a Moro counterattack. The final assault on the cotta occurred at 5 PM and Bagsak was captured after three and a half hours.
Aftermath.
General Pershing in a letter to his wife, he wrote: "The fighting was the fiercest I have ever seen... They are absolutely fearless, and once committed to combat they count death as a mere incident."

</doc>
<doc id="2906135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906135" title="Bahrain National Stadium">
Bahrain National Stadium

The Bahrain National Stadium (; transliterated: Stād al-Bahrayn al-Watanī) is the national stadium of Bahrain, located in East Riffa. It can accommodate 30,000 people and is used mostly for football matches. It was built in 1982. The stadium was renovated in December 2012 for hosting the 2013 Gulf Cup of Nations tournament. New look grandstand roof, seating, new pitch, fences, turnstiles and all interiors refurbished.

</doc>
<doc id="2906138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906138" title="Slavyansk-na-Kubani">
Slavyansk-na-Kubani

Slavyansk-na-Kubani () is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located in the Kuban River delta. Population: 56,000 (1975).
History.
Slavyansk originated in the Middle Ages as Copa or Coparia, a Genoese trade outpost controlled by the Ghisolfi family. After the fall of the Genoese power in the Pontic region, the site was abandoned until 1747 when the Crimean Khanate erected a small fort, known in Russian sources as Kopyl.
After the conquest of the Taman Peninsula by the Russian Empire, the Tatar fort gave way to the Cossack "stanitsa" of Kopylskaya. In 1865, it was renamed after the Slavyansky regiment that had been quartered there under Catherine the Great. In 1958, it was incorporated as the town of Slavyansk-na-Kubani (so called in order to distinguish it from the eponymous city in Ukraine).
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Slavyansk-na-Kubani serves as the administrative center of Slavyansky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the Town of Slavyansk-na-Kubani—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the Town of Slavyansk-na-Kubani is incorporated within Slavyansky Municipal District as Slavyanskoye Urban Settlement.
Miscellaneous.
Modern Slavyansk is a small and rather run-down resort with a struggling oil industry. The Assumption Cathedral (1904–1907) is the sole building of historical interest.

</doc>
<doc id="2906142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906142" title="Rock and the Pop Narcotic">
Rock and the Pop Narcotic

Rock and the Pop Narcotic is a 1991 book of popular music criticism by Joe Carducci. (Revised edition 1995.)
"Rock and the Pop Narcotic" is perhaps the only book of popular music criticism that attempts to achieve a genuine aesthetic of rock music. Other works, such as Richard Meltzer's "The Aesthetics of Rock" or Simon Frith's "Performing Rites: On the Value of Popular Music", either focus on lyrical content or on the sociology of the music's listeners. "Rock and the Pop Narcotic" is both a critique of the sociological approach and a polemic in favour of the music's artistic qualities.
The Book's Argument.
Carducci seeks to distinguish rock music from pop music.
He regards the rock as an "artistic form" and the pop music as, if anything, a marketing concept. Rock, in Carducci's view, is "rock and roll music made conscious of itself as a small band music".
Unlike many writers on pop music, he has no truck with the idea that popularity is an index of quality; this attitude leads him to dismiss many major performers, such as U2 and Bruce Springsteen, as artistically null. On the other hand, his obsessive search for music that displays the qualities he regards as intrinsic to rock music leads him to champion such relatively obscure bands as Saint Vitus, Bloodrock, Sproton Layer and The Sylvia Juncosa Band.
The Book's Structure.
Though the book has grown in length since the first edition the essential structure remains the same. The book is divided into two parts, "The Riff" and "The Solo" followed by several appendices that gather miscellaneous pieces and ephemera.
R&tPN opens with The Riff which is divided into five chapters:
I "The King of It & The King of Thing": Outlines the basic argument for the book and describes Carducci's theory of how rock music works.
II "Television and Mutation": Documents what he sees as the profound negative impact of television on American culture.
III "The Whole World's Switching the Channel": How mass media and other cultural forces have shaped the music business.
IV "None Dare Call it Reason": How the music business has warped the music itself.
V "Narcorockcritocracy!": The complicity of the rock criticism establishment in the decline of the music.
After a middle section of several band photographs the book continues with The Solo which contains one chapter:
I "The Psychozoic Hymnal": A decade-by-decade evaluation of rock bands. Each subsection begins with a listing of and short comment on the best rock artists of the decade in Carducci's view. It then moves onto a more general discussion of the musical trends of the decade and more band evaluations.
The book closes with several appendices which include radio show playlists, catalogs from his time at Systematic, gig posters from Black Flag, Saccharine Trust, etc.
Responses.
The book was originally published in a relatively small edition in 1991. In 1994, Carducci revised it and it was republished by Henry Rollins' 2.13.61 press.
The initial reaction from much of the mainstream rock press was largely a mixture of indifference and hostility. Carducci's tendency was directly counter to the politically progressive and relatively mainstream attitude of such writers as Dave Marsh or Greil Marcus, neither of whom answered the charges Carducci made against them (of ignoring quality music for political reasons).
Only Robert Christgau in the Village Voice praised it in public, calling it "important if not terribly good". Other reviewers took issue with what they perceived as Carducci's homophobia and right-wing politics.
During the rest of the 1990s the book gradually acquired cult status, with record producer Simon Napier-Bell citing it as one of his ten favourite music books in the UK's "Guardian" newspaper in 2005. Clinton Heylin included two chapters in The Penguin Anthology of Rock and Roll Writing, with the remark, "Rock and the Pop Narcotic...may well be the most important critique on rock music written in the last 10 years."
See also.
Joe Carducci
Sources.
Carducci, Joe "Rock and the Pop Narcotic" (2.13.61, 1995) ISBN 1-880985-11-X

</doc>
<doc id="2906158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906158" title="William Walden Rubey">
William Walden Rubey

William Walden Rubey (December 19, 1898–April 12, 1974) was an American geologist.
He was born in Moberly, Missouri. He attended the University of Missouri, and in 1920 he graduated with an A.B. degree. During the same year he married Susan Elsie Manovill, and joined the U.S. Geological Survey. He performed his graduate studies at Johns Hopkins University and Yale University.
During the Second World War he served as a scientific liaison to the U.S. Army for the Geological Survey. From 1949 until 1950 he was the president of the Geological Society of America. From 1951 until 1954 he was the chairman of the National Research Council for the National Academy of Sciences. In 1960 he was appointed by the president to serve on the National Science Board for the National Science Foundation. The same year he was also appointed professor of geology and geophysics at UCLA, where he would remain until 1966 and be recalled each year thereafter. He served on the board of trustees for Science Service, now known as Society for Science & the Public, from 1956-1964. He also served in many other distinguished posts and positions.
After retiring from the U.S. Geological Survey, he joined the Lunar Science Institute in 1968. He participated in the scientific examination of the Apollo program returned lunar samples up until 1971.
He died of cancer in Santa Monica, California. During his career he made multiple contributions to the science of geology, including studies of the hydrology of streams, the geology of western Wyoming, seismic energy, mountain building from overthrust faulting, the growth of continents, the origins of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans, and the evolution of terrestrial planets.

</doc>
<doc id="2906161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906161" title="Democratic Labour Party (UK)">
Democratic Labour Party (UK)

The Democratic Labour Party is a small British left-wing political party in Walsall, sometimes known as the Walsall Democratic Labour Party. It was founded as a breakaway from the Labour Party after left-wing members were expelled in the mid-90s.
Founding.
Dave Church (known as "Citizen Dave"), his deputy John Rothery, and others on the left of Walsall Labour Party had supported a policy of radical decentralisation of power since the early 1980s, but the right-wing of the party had held power as Metropolitan Borough of Walsall councillors, preventing the enactment of the policies. In May 1995, after three years during which the left-wing councillors were suspended from the party for 'operating their own caucus', the left gained control of the council. They sacked nine council department heads, proposing to replace them with 54 directly-elected neighbourhood councils. The spectre of the "Loony left" alarmed Labour Party central office, who suspended the district party that August. Church faced claims of 'intimidation tactics', and Church, Rothery and Brian Powell were expelled from the Labour Party by the National Executive Committee in November 1995 for running a "party within a party" called the Walsall Socialist Group. Eleven councillors in all broke away from the Labour Party.
The Democratic Labour Party was officially registered in 1999.
Electoral history.
None of the 10 Democratic Labour candidates in the 1998 local elections won a seat, losing four seats including that of the deputy leader John Rothery to Labour. Labour returned to overall control of the council, and Democratic Labour were left with six councillors. The party lost its remaining seats in the 1999 election, three to Labour and three to the Conservatives, and despite standing 15 candidates at the 2000 election did not win back any seats.
Joined by other local left-wingers, they helped set up their local Socialist Alliance, and stood as candidates under its banner in elections until it was disbanded. Dave Church stood for the Socialist Alliance in Walsall North in the 2001 general election, gaining 410 votes (1.3%).
In the 2005 general election, Church stood for Democratic Labour, again in Walsall North, receiving 770 votes (2.3%).
In 2007, Pete Smith won a council seat on Walsall Council from Labour in the Blakenall ward. Smith also stood in Walsall North and gained 842 votes, 2.3% of the vote at the 2010 general election. He lost his council seat in 2011 but was re-elected in 2012 on an anti-cuts platform. The DLP is now part of the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="2906163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906163" title="Chester B. Jordan">
Chester B. Jordan

Chester Bradley Jordan (October 15, 1839 – August 24, 1914) was an American teacher, lawyer, and Republican politician from Lancaster, New Hampshire.
Early life.
Jordan was born October 15, 1839 in Colebrook, New Hampshire to Johnson and Minerva (Buel) Jordan,
"Coos Republican" newspaper.
In 1897 Jordan became the owner of the "Coos Republican".
New Hampshire legislative service.
Jordan served in both houses of the New Hampshire legislature and had the dual honor of heading both. He was Speaker of the House in 1881 and President of the Senate in 1896-1898.
Governor of New Hampshire.
Jordan was elected Governor in 1900.
Death and burial.
Jordan died in 1914 in Lancaster, New Hampshire where he is buried in Summer Street Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2906168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906168" title="SSCC">
SSCC

SSCC may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2906176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906176" title="Existentiell">
Existentiell

In English translations, the word rendered "existentiell" was, with the philosophical meaning discussed in this article, first used by Martin Heidegger. In the work "Being and Time", the word existenti"ell" is used to describe an ontic understanding of beings in the world. An existentiell understanding addresses the facts about things in the context of the world, in terms of their existence, but differs from the ontological understanding that however vague is a necessary precondition for ontic understanding. The latter is reached by going about our daily business, interacting with things in the world, whereas existenti"al" understanding is theoretical and ontological in character. Heidegger claims that his examination of Dasein (human "being") is an existenti"al" analysis. However, this is not to disparage existenti"ell" understanding--Heidegger argues that any authentic potentialities of Dasein (the human being in this case) brought out in the existential analysis must be realized in existenti"ell" understanding; i.e. it is the role of the existential analysis to function as a hermeneutic, to explicitly question Being and to interpret its structure, but Da-sein is not acting "authentically" until those interpretations are realized in Da-sein's ontic life. Further, it is impossible to draw an absolute categorical line between the two, in the sense that existential analysis is itself one of da-sein's possible ways of being, it cannot be simply extracted from and opposed to everyday life. It arises or is chosen just as any of da-sein's other existentiell activities are. Existial analysis is, therefore, existentiell, but in a unique sense, qualitatively distinct from non-theoretical, non-phenomenological behavior. On the other hand, da-sein's "everydayness," or existentiell living, always already discloses an understanding of its existential structures as a condition of its very being and acting.
Though it is not commonly used in philosophy outside of discussions of Heidegger's seminal work "Being and Time", it is important to understand Heidegger's definition of the term if one wishes to study "Being and Time". Heidegger distinguishes between his two terms "existenti"al"" and "existenti"ell"" in the Introduction to "Being and Time". In "Being and Time", the word existenti"ell" is used to describe an ontic understanding of beings in the world. An existentiell understanding addresses the facts about things in the context of the world, in terms of their existence, but differs from the ontological understanding that however vague is a necessary precondition for ontic understanding.
Dasein always understands itself in terms of its existence, in terms of its possibility to be itself or not be itself. Dasein has either chosen these possibilities itself, stumbled upon them, or already grown up in them. Existence is decided only by each Dasein itself in the manner of seizing upon or neglecting such possibilities. We come to terms with the question of existence always only through existence itself. We shall call "this" kind of understand of itself "existentiell" understanding. The question of existence is an ontic "affair" of Dasein. For this the theoretical perspicuity of the ontological structure of existence is not necessary. The question of structure aims at the analysis of what constitutes existence. We shall call the coherence of these structures "existentiality". Its analysis does not have the character of an existentiell understanding but rather an "existential" one. The task of an existential analysis of Dasein is prescribed with regard to its possibility and necessity in the ontic constitution of Dasein.
Heidegger did not coin the term "existentiell". The common German word "existenziell" is usually translated into English as "existential". However, in Heidegger's works, he coined the "German" word "existenzial", giving it a meaning distinct from the common German word "existenziell". In English translations of Heidegger, then, the "German" "existenziell" is transliterated as "existentiell" in English, and the "German" word "existenzial" is transliterated as "existential", each word having its own technical meaning specific to Heidegger.[http://www.religion-online.org/showchapter.asp?title=806&C=1097]

</doc>
<doc id="2906178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906178" title="Västgöta Nation, Lund">
Västgöta Nation, Lund

The Västgöta Nation, or locally "VG's", is a student society of Lund University in Sweden.
The nation traces its history to 1669. The nation was intended for students from the Västergötland province in Sweden. Among the first decrees were a prohibition of discussions, making clear that is was a social society for relaxation and leisure. 
With the ensuing Scanian War from 1676 to 1682, the nation's activities were halted, and not reestablished until 1685. From 1685, its traditions have followed an unbroken succession, although it was merged with Östgöta Nation and Kalmar Nation between 1767 and 1821, as a result of low student numbers at the university.
Today the nation has 1,800 members out of the university's 34,000 students.

</doc>
<doc id="2906180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906180" title="Doubly stochastic matrix">
Doubly stochastic matrix

In mathematics, especially in probability and combinatorics, a doubly stochastic matrix 
(also called bistochastic),
is a square matrix formula_1 of nonnegative real numbers, each of whose rows and columns sum to 1, i.e.,
Thus, a doubly stochastic matrix is both left stochastic and right stochastic. 
Such a transition matrix is necessarily a square matrix: if every row sums to one then the sum of all entries in the matrix must be equal to the number of rows, and since the same holds for columns, the number of rows and columns must be equal.
Birkhoff polytope and Birkhoff–von Neumann theorem.
The class of formula_3 doubly stochastic matrices is a convex polytope known as the Birkhoff polytope formula_4. Using the matrix entries as Cartesian coordinates, it lies in an formula_5-dimensional affine subspace of formula_6-dimensional Euclidean space. defined by formula_7 independent linear constraints specifying that the row and column sums all equal one. (There are formula_7 constraints rather than formula_9 because one of these constraints is dependent, as the sum of the row sums must equal the sum of the column sums.) Moreover, the entries are all constrained to be non-negative and less than or equal to one.
The Birkhoff–von Neumann theorem states that this polytope formula_4 is the convex hull of the set of formula_3 permutation matrices, and furthermore that the vertices of formula_4 are precisely the permutation matrices.
Other properties.
The inverse of a nonsingular doubly stochastic matrix need not be doubly stochastic.
Sinkhorn's theorem states that any matrix with strictly positive entries can be made doubly stochastic by pre- and post-multiplication by diagonal matrices.
For formula_13, all bistochastic matrices are unistochastic and orthostochastic, but for larger formula_14 it is not the case.
Van der Waerden conjectured that the minimum permanent among all doubly stochastic matrices is formula_15, achieved by the matrix for which all entries are equal to formula_16. Proofs of this conjecture were published in 1980 by B. Gyires and in 1981 by G. P. Egorychev and D. I. Falikman; for this work, Egorychev and Falikman won the Fulkerson Prize in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2906181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906181" title="Lucrezia de' Medici">
Lucrezia de' Medici

Lucrezia de' Medici was the name for several women from the Medici family:
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2906185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906185" title="Architectural periods">
Architectural periods

Architectural periods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906189" title="Data cluster">
Data cluster

In computer file systems, a cluster or allocation unit is a unit of disk space allocation for files and directories. To reduce the overhead of managing on-disk data structures, the filesystem does not allocate individual disk sectors by default, but contiguous groups of sectors, called clusters.
On a disk that uses 512-byte sectors, a 512-byte cluster contains one sector, whereas a 4-kibibyte (KiB) cluster contains eight sectors. 
A cluster is the smallest logical amount of disk space that can be allocated to hold a file. Storing small files on a filesystem with large clusters will therefore waste disk space; such wasted disk space is called slack space. For cluster sizes which are small versus the average file size, the wasted space per file will be statistically about half of the cluster size; for large cluster sizes, the wasted space will become greater. However, a larger cluster size reduces bookkeeping overhead and fragmentation, which may improve reading and writing speed overall. Typical cluster sizes range from 1 sector (512 B) to 128 sectors (64 KiB).
A cluster need not be physically contiguous on the disk; it may span more than one track or, if sector interleaving is used, may even be discontiguous within a track. This should not be confused with fragmentation, as the sectors are still logically contiguous.
The term "cluster" was changed to "allocation unit" in DOS 4.0. However the term cluster is still widely used.

</doc>
<doc id="2906193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906193" title="Acidity regulator">
Acidity regulator

Acidity regulators, or pH control agents, are food additives added to change or maintain pH (acidity or basicity). They can be organic or mineral acids, bases, neutralizing agents, or buffering agents. 
Acidity regulators are indicated by their E number, such as E260 (acetic acid), or simply listed as "food acid".
Commonly used acidity regulators are citric, acetic and lactic acids.

</doc>
<doc id="2906200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906200" title="Bridal shower">
Bridal shower

A bridal shower is a gift-giving party held for a bride-to-be in anticipation of her wedding. The custom originated in the 1890s and is today most common in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 
The history of the custom is rooted not necessarily for the provision of goods for the upcoming matrimonial home, but to provide goods and financial assistance to ensure the wedding may take place.
More recently, Men are present at bridal showers. 
History.
The custom of the bridal shower is said to have grown out of earlier dowry practices, when a poor woman's family might not have the money to provide a dowry for her, or when a father refused to give his daughter her dowry because he did not approve of the marriage. In such situations, friends of the woman would gather together and bring gifts that would compensate for the dowry and allow her to marry the man of her choice.
The earliest stories about these events have been known to originate in Brussels, Belgium around 1860. A frequently quoted legend traces the origin of this practice to the 16th or 17th Century Netherlands. However, there are also parallels with many dowry practices and the United States colonial or hope chest ("trousseau") custom.
A related custom practised in medieval England was the Bride Ale: in Langland's "Piers Plowman" (§ B.II.45) there is a reference to a "bruydale." This was a feast held before the wedding day, at which the bride made beer and sold it to the guests at a high price.
In the United States, bridal showers started in urban areas in the 1890s mainly among the upper middle classes. By the 1930s, bridal showers had spread to rural America. 
The earliest use of this sense of the word in print may be in the Grand Rapids "Michigan Evening Press" 22 June 4, 1904: "The ‘shower parties’ that through mistaken hospitality the wedded couple are forced to attend ..." and may derive from the custom in Victorian times for the presents to be put inside a parasol, which when opened would "shower" the bride-to-be with gifts.
Customs and gift-giving.
Many different customs have developed in different regions and social groups, but the basic format has been relatively unchanged for generations, and emphasizes traditional gender roles. Sociologists like Beth Montemurro write that the ritual of the bridal shower "socializes women into the hyper-feminized traditional wife role," with its emphasis on the future role of the bride-to-be as family cook, homemaker, and sexual partner. Historian Elizabeth Pleck echoes this dynamic in pointing out that traditional shower gifts were "for the bedroom or the kitchen." But this role is more of an homage to the mothers and grandmothers than a reflection of how the bride-to-be will actually behave in the marriage. 
Although the format has remained relatively consistent, there have been some significant changes. An etiquette guide from the 1920s suggested showers should be "purely spontaneous and informal," with guests arriving unannounced at the bride-to-be's home, while a planning guide from the 1950s suggests more complex themes and games. 
Showers are often held during the afternoon or evening, but not generally as luncheons or dinner parties. They commonly take place four to six weeks before the wedding.
Due to the prior history of showers being "purely spontaneous and informal", showers have not developed the same formal etiquette that has developed with respect to weddings. Invitations may be issued informally, by mail, telephone, or e-mail.
As showers are explicitly a gift-giving occasion, everyone who attends the shower is expected to bring a small gift. People who decline the invitation for any reason are not expected to send a gift or otherwise participate in the party.
Food can be served at bridal showers. Treats such as cake and candy buffets can also be served for guests.
Hosts.
Hosting the bridal shower falls to one or more close friends of the bride, often one or more of the bridesmaids. Mothers, sisters, and other close family members usually do not host bridal showers, as it may be seen as rude and greedy for the family to ask for gifts for their own members. Instead of a bridal shower, family members and future in-laws who wish to celebrate the upcoming wedding host a bridal tea, bridesmaids' luncheon, engagement announcement party, or other non-gift-oriented party. Some organizations, such as social clubs or religious groups, host bridal showers for every member who is being married.
Guests.
Guests are chosen from among the bride's personal friends, family, and other well-wishers. Men are not usually present at bridal showers.
The number of guests and their relationship to the bride varies widely. In Canada, among some immigrant communities parties in community halls with upwards of 300 guests were normal, while other cultures emphasized intimate parties with only close friends and relatives.
In general, people who are invited to a bridal shower are also invited to the wedding ceremony.
Prevalence.
Bridal showers are uncommon in some cultures. In the United Kingdom, bridal showers have been described as a "consumerist American idea" with "limited acceptability". In the UK, wedding presents are normally selected from a list provided by the couple, and delivered either at the wedding or by the shop, and sometimes displayed at the wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="2906203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906203" title="California State Route 44">
California State Route 44

State Route 44 (SR 44) is a state highway in the U.S. State of California that travels in an east–west direction from Redding to Lassen Volcanic National Park before ending at Route 36 west of Susanville. This final portion, between the park and its terminus, is part of the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway, a National Scenic Byway.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System. However, it is not a scenic route as designated by Caltrans.
Route 44 starts on Tehama Street in Redding, at the intersection of Route 273 (Market Street), despite what it says in its legal definition. This is because in 1998, Route 299's definition was changed. It previously ran on Tehama St. to I-5, but this portion was transferred to Route 44 in 1998 (44 had ended at I-5 at that time); however, the legislative definition has never changed, so it is unclear as to where Route 44 officially begins. Note also that the postmile markers have not been updated, so the Route 44–I-5 interchange is still marked as 0.00.
After a few blocks, it becomes a freeway as it crosses I-5 and changes back to a highway at the Redding city limits. Heading eastward, Route 44 passes through a number of small, rural communities (Palo Cedro, Millville, Shingletown, to name a few) before it reaches the north-west entrance to Lassen National Park. After this, the only community it passes through is Old Station, which is also the only location for travel services until Susanville.
From the Park entrance, Route 44 joins the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway. Route 44 is part of a circular portion of the Scenic Byway, so at the junction with Route 89, the Byway continues along both 89 to the north and on 44 to the east. When Route 44 reaches its terminus at Route 36, the byway heads southwest to continue its circular path.
Between the Route 89 intersection and Route 36 is only one rest area, called Bogard.

</doc>
<doc id="2906223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906223" title="Soviet cruiser Krasnyi Kavkaz">
Soviet cruiser Krasnyi Kavkaz

Krasnyi Kavkaz (from Russian: "Красный Кавказ" - "Red Caucasus") was a cruiser of the Soviet Navy that began construction during World War I, but was still incomplete during the Russian Revolution. Her design was heavily modified by the Soviets and she was completed in 1932. During World War II she supported Soviet troops during the Siege of Odessa, Siege of Sevastopol, and the Kerch-Feodosiya Operation in the winter of 1941—42. She was awarded the Guards title on 3 April 1942. She was reclassified as a training ship in May 1947 before being used as a target in 1952.
Service history.
Laid down on 18 October 1913 at the Rossud Dockyard as "Admiral Lazarev" for the Imperial Russian Navy as a cruiser of the , she was launched on 8 June 1916. Construction was abandoned in 1917 during the October Revolution when the ship was 63% complete. In the second half of 1918, the Marine Department of Hetman Pavlo Skoropadskyi was engaged in completion of ship. On 25 January 1919, the ship was formally renamed in "Hetman Petro Doroshenko", but Mykolaiv was captured shortly afterward by the Entente. The hull was relatively undamaged and the Soviets decided to finish the ship to a modified design. She was renamed "Krasnyi Kavkaz" on 14 December 1926, and completed to a modernized design, being commissioned on 25 January 1932.
"Krasnyi Kavkaz" was initially intended to accommodate eight guns in four twin turrets, but this was impossible given her small and lightly constructed hull. Three twin turrets mounting the new 57-caliber "B-1-K" gun under development also proved impracticable and the Soviets had to settle for four "MK-1-180" single 180 mm gun turrets, two at each end. Her superstructure was massively revised to fit these turrets and all of the original casemated /55 B7 Pattern 1913 guns were removed. As completed her secondary armament was only four 30-caliber 76.2 mm "Lender" AA guns mounted between her funnels. Her original internal torpedo tubes were replaced by four triple torpedo mounts mounted on each side of the main deck abaft the forecastle break. She was given an aircraft-handling crane, but a catapult wasn't installed aft of her rear funnel until 1935 when a Heinkel catapult was imported from Germany. She was also fitted for mine rails with a capacity of up to 120 mines.
The "Komintern" collided with her in May 1932, shortly after her commissioning, and badly damaged her bow. It was extensively rebuilt and increased her overall length by over . In 1933 she made port visits in Turkey, Greece and Italy.
She was refitted before Operation Barbarossa, probably about 1940, her catapult was removed, and her anti-aircraft armament was greatly increased. Her four 76.2 mm Lender AA guns were exchanged for four Italian "Minizini" twin gun 50-caliber AA mounts and she received four single mounts for the semi-automatic 76.2 mm 34-K were fitted as well as six AA machine guns. Two single mounts for 76 mm air defense gun M1938 "34-K" guns were also fitted, one on each side of the quarterdeck just aft of the rearmost main gun turret. Some of these guns may have been received earlier, the sources are unclear. While under repair at Poti in late 1942 she landed her aft pair of torpedo tubes and received two more "Minizini" mounts salvaged from the sunken "Chervona Ukraina". Ten single mounts for the naval version of the 37 mm AA gun was also fitted. By 1944 she was also carrying one quadruple Vickers .50 machine gun MK III mount on top of each of her superfiring main gun turrets and she may have been using Oerlikon 20 mm cannon.
World War II.
"Krasnyi Kavkaz", in company with the cruisers "Chervona Ukraina", "Komintern" and a number of destroyers, laid down a defensive mine barrage protecting the Black Sea Fleet base at Sevastopol on 22 June. She provided gunfire support to Soviet forces defending Odessa and escorted convoys bringing the 157th Rifle Division into Odessa during the month of September 1941. She also transported one battalion of the 3rd Marine Regiment from Sevastopol in a successful amphibious assault behind Romanian lines to destroy Romanian coastal batteries near Fontanka and Dofinovka. She escorted convoys from 3—6 October that evacuated the 157th Rifle Division from Odessa to Sevastopol and escorted the final evacuation convoy during the night of 15–16 October. During the Siege of Sevastopol she provided gunfire support and evacuated cut-off troops from elsewhere in the Crimea into Sevastopol and brought in reinforcements from Caucasian ports. She helped to transport the 388th Rifle Division from Novorossiysk and Tuapse to Sevastopol between 7 and 13 December and the 354th Rifle Division between 21 and 22 December, bombarding German positions in the interim.
During the Kerch-Feodosiya Operation "Krasnyi Kavkaz" sailed into the harbor of Feodosiya on 29 December 1941 and disembarked reinforcements and provided gunfire support for Soviet troops already ashore. She was hit seventeen times by Axis artillery and mortar fire in retaliation. On 1 and 3 January she ferried supplies and reinforcements for the Soviet bridgehead on the Kerch Peninsula. On the return voyage she was severely damaged by German Junkers Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers from II./StG 77. Four near-misses close to her stern damaged her steering, her left propeller shaft, blew off one propeller and put enough holes in her stern that flooding caused her draft to increase by . She made it to Novorossiysk, escorted by the destroyer "Sposobnyi", where she was patched up enough to make to Poti where more permanent repairs could be made. These took until October 1942 and the opportunity was taken to reinforce her anti-aircraft armament.
She was awarded the Guards title on 3 April in recognition of her performance. Between 20 and 23 October, "Krasnyi Kavkaz", her half-sister "Krasnyi Krym", and three destroyers ferried 12,600 men of the 8th, 9th and 10th Guards Rifle Brigades from Poti to Tuapse to reinforce the defenses there. On the night of 4 February 1943 the Soviets made a series of amphibious landings to the west of Novorossiysk, behind German lines. "Krasnyi Krym", "Krasnyi Kavkaz", and three destroyers provided fire support for the main landing, but the Soviet troops there were wiped out by 6 February, although one secondary landing was successful. The loss of three destroyers attempting to interdict the German evacuation of the Taman Bridgehead on 6 October 1943 caused Stalin to forbid the deployment of large naval units without his express permission and this meant the end of "Krasnyi Kavkaz"s active participation in the war.
Post-war history.
Little is known about her activities after the end of the war other than she was redesignated as a training ship on 12 May 1947. She was sunk as a target ship by SS-N-1 missiles on 21 November 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="2906264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906264" title="Breve (disambiguation)">
Breve (disambiguation)

Breve may refer to:
Breves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906285" title="Firming agent">
Firming agent

Firming agents are food additives added in order to precipitate residual pectin, thus strengthening the structure of the food and preventing its collapse during processing.
Typical firming agents are:

</doc>
<doc id="2906287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906287" title="Calorescence">
Calorescence

Calorescence is when matter absorbs infrared radiant energy and emits visible radiant energy in its place. For example, some kinds of flammable gas give off large amounts of radiant heat and very little visible light when burning, and if a piece of metal is placed into such a flame, the metal will become bright red-hot—which is to say the metal absorbs invisible infrared and emits visible radiation. The word "calorescence" was coined in 1864 on the model of the word "fluorescence" which had been coined in 1852. At that time, fluorescence was defined as absorption in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum followed by emission in the visible part of the spectrum. Calorescence was defined complementarily as absorption in the infrared followed by emission in the visible.
The following is a laboratory demonstration of calorescence. An ordinary lightbulb emits lots of infrared light. Carbon disulfide is a colorless liquid transparent to both infrared and visible. Iodine readily dissolves in this liquid and causes the liquid to turn a black color and to become completely opaque to visible light, given enough iodine. At the same time, however, the iodine has essentially no effect on the transparency of the liquid with respect to infrared light. Hence when light from an ordinary lightbulb is passed through a body of this solution, lots of infrared and only infrared emerges out at the other side. This infrared light can be brought to a focus with a concave mirror (or an optical lens made from rock-salt, but not a lens made from glass because glass is a poor transmitter of infrared). At the point of focus, with a good focusing tool, the infrared beam is strong enough to set paper on fire. If a little piece of non-combustible solid material is placed at the focus, it will glow visibly in the heat; i.e. the material will absorb infrared and emit visible light.
The following is another laboratory illustration of calorescence. In a flame of pure hydrogen burning in oxygen, the hydrogen chemically combines with the oxygen to form water (H2O) plus a lot of heat is produced. This heat is a radiant emission from the newly formed water molecules. That is, the heat is thermal radiation whose particular set of radiant frequencies is uniquely characteristic of water molecules, as determined by emission spectroscopy. Water molecules have very little emission in the visible portion of the spectrum at any temperature (c.f. spectral absorption of water). The temperature of the hydrogen flame is more than 2000 degrees Celsius. If a piece of platinum is placed in the flame, the platinum will become "white hot" and give out a bright light. The platinum thus absorbs radiation having the spectral profile of water, and emits radiation having the spectral profile of platinum. (The platinum also picks up heat from collisions with moving gas molecules).
The term calorescence is rarely seen in use today, whereas the term fluorescence is common. One reason is that there isn't a physical explanation for calorescence that's specific to calorescence. Relatedly, the physical explanations for some types of fluorescence behavior are also explanations for calorescence and the word fluorescence has been preferred and expanded in customary usage to include calorescence. Another reason is that there isn't a widely used practical application attached to the word calorescence, whereas there is for fluorescence. A related item of physics terminology today is the so-called "Anti-Stokes Shift". A Stokes shift refers to molecular absorptions of radiant energy of higher frequencies followed by emissions of lower frequencies; and an anti-Stokes shift refers to absorptions of lower frequencies followed by emissions of higher frequencies. With this terminology, practical applications are attached to the term "anti-Stokes photoluminescence" in materials science including semiconductors (see examples). Equal terminology in use in laser science is "infrared upconversion", "upconversion luminescence", or simply "upconversion" (see examples). This terminology is usually contemplating luminescence, as opposed to incandescence, whereas the word Calorescence belongs to the 19th century when the only known upconversion methods were of the incandescent kind.
References and external links.
The word calorescence was coined by John Tyndall and the two laboratory demonstrations described above appear in Tyndall's 1872 book "Contributions to Molecular Physics in the Domain of Radiant Heat" (format DjVu, 17 megabytes).

</doc>
<doc id="2906289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906289" title="Concepcion Picciotto">
Concepcion Picciotto

Concepción Picciotto also known as Conchita or Connie, has lived in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C. on the 1600 block of Pennsylvania Avenue, in a peace camp across from the White House, since August 1, 1981, in protest of nuclear arms. She has carried on the longest continuous act of political protest in the United States.
Life.
Born Concepción Martín in Vigo, Spain, she immigrated to the United States at the age of 18. She worked in New York at the Spanish consulate. She fell in love with an Italian businessman and married him at 21. However, a bitter separation and custody battle cost her her home, her daughter and her job.
Picciotto was inspired by fellow activist William Thomas, who originally began the White House Peace Vigil on June 3, 1981 and died on January 23, 2009. They began protesting on the sidewalk by the White House fence. National Park Service rules moved them across Pennsylvania Avenue. She was sentenced to 90 days for violating rules. They are moved, during inaugural parades. 
She is currently assisted by members of Occupy Peace House where she resides. 
Concepcion was reported to be in discussions with Ellen Thomas to remain in the Peace House, a house in Washington D.C. that Ellen inherited from her late husband. Members from Occupy Washington DC reside in the Peace House with Concepcion. 
The house is now called Occupy Peace House and members are working towards ownership. 
It is a nonprofit home for local activists and those from around the world. 
It is referred to as "The People's Embassy", a vision William Thomas had when he purchased the house.
Appearances.
Picciotto was featured in Michael Moore's 2004 film "Fahrenheit 9/11" as well as in veb-films Route 66 mockumentary.
"The Oracles of Pennsylvania Avenue" (2012) by Tim Wilkerson, a documentary commissioned by the Al Jazeera Documentary Channel, recounts the life of Concepcion, William and Ellen Thomas, and Norman Mayer.

</doc>
<doc id="2906290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906290" title="Tourism in Chennai">
Tourism in Chennai

With its historic landmarks and buildings, long sandy beaches, cultural and art centers and parks, Chennai's tourism offers many interesting locations to visitors. One of the most important tourist attraction of Chennai is actually in the neighbouring town of Mahabalipuram with its ancient temples and rock carvings of the 7th century Pallava kingdom.
Tourists' arrival.
Chennai has been the most visited city in India by foreign tourists (since 2008), overtaking New Delhi and Mumbai with visitors to heritage sites in Kanchipuram and Mahabalipuram and medical tourists making up the largest numbers. In 2011, Chennai was ranked 41st in global top 100 city destination ranking, with 3,174,500 tourists, a 14 percent increase from 2010, This is up from 650,000 tourists in 2007, when Chennai was the third most visited city in India by foreigners ranked after Delhi and Mumbai. Tourists from USA, UK, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore had visited the city in 2007.
About 8,30,620 domestic tourists arrived in Chennai in March 2011, in addition to 29,558 tourists who visited Mamallapuram.
Attractions.
Beaches.
The 15 km long and 400 to 500 meter wide Marina Beach features the Light House, memorials, statues, walkways, gardens and drives alongside the beach front. Towards the south of the city of Chennai, Elliot's Beach in Besant Nagar is preferred by younger Chennaiites with its promenade, restaurants and coffee shops. There are a quite a number of beaches and resorts between Elliot’s Beach and Mahabalipuram, along East Coast Road. The most notable of these is Covelong Beach which has a cove and a fort built by the Nawab of the Carnatic.
Government Museum Complex.
The Government Museum Complex in Egmore houses the Government Museum, Connemara Public Library and the National Art Gallery. Established in 1851, the museum consisting of six buildings and 46 galleries covers an area of around 16.25 acres (66,000 m²) of land. The objects displayed in the museum cover a variety of artifacts and objects covering diverse fields including archeology, numismatics, zoology, natural history, sculptures, palm-leaf manuscripts and Amravati paintings. Connemara Public Library is one of the four National Depository libraries which receive a copy of all books, newspapers and periodicals published in India. Established in 1890 the library is a repository of centuries-old publications, wherein lie some of the most respected works and collections in the country. It also serves as a depository library for the UN. The National Art Gallery building is one of the finest Indo-sarcenic type of architectures in the country.
Fort St. George.
Fort St George (or historically, White Town) is the name of the first British fortress in India, founded in 1639 at the coastal city of Madras (modern city of Chennai). This fort was completed on April 23, coinciding with St. George's Day, celebrated in honour of St. George, the patron saint of England. The fort, christened Fort St. George faced the sea and a few fishing villages, and soon became the hub of merchant activity. It gave birth to a new settlement area called George Town (historically referred to as Black Town), which grew to envelop the villages and led to the formation of the city of Madras. The fort is a stronghold with 6 meter high walls that withstood a number of assaults in the 18th century. Today, the Fort serves as the administrative headquarters for the legislative assembly of Tamil Nadu state, and still houses a garrison for troops in transit to various locations at South India and the Andamans. The Fort Museum contains many relics of the Raj, including portraits of many of the Governors. Other monuments present inside the fort are St. Mary's Church, the oldest Anglican church in India, and Wellesley House, which holds the paintings of the Governor of the Fort and other high officials of the Regime.
Art and Crafts.
Tamil and Indian culture and tradition is on display in several art galleries and cultural centers. Valluvar Kottam is an auditorium in memory of the poet-saint Thiruvalluvar. It also has a 101-feet high temple chariot structure. Kalakshetra, a centre for the revival of Indian art and crafts — especially the dance form of Bharatnatyam — is located in Besant Nagar. The National Art Gallery, built in 1907, houses 11th and 12th century Indian handicrafts, 17th century Deccan paintings, 16th to 18th century Mughal and Rajasthan paintings and 10th and 13th century bronzes and is part of the Government Museum.
The world headquarters of the Theosophical Society was established in 1886 on the banks of the Adyar River. The shrines of all major faiths stand in its sprawling estate gardens. Cholamandalam Artists' Village, on the East Coast Road offers a view of artists and sculptors at work in their own studios and permanent gallery. DakshinaChitra, run by the Chennai Craft Foundation, is a depiction of the way of life prevalent in South India with exhibitions and workshops of the arts and crafts and performing artists of South India.
Places of Worship.
Right from the early ages, Chennai had a cosmopolitan society with people belonging to different religious groups living together. As a consequence places of worship, both historical and modern, belonging to various religions are present in the city. The most famous temples in Chennai are the Kapaleeshwarar temple in Mylapore and Parthasarathy Temple in Triplicane. The Vadapalani temple is also an important place of worship for the Hindus. St. Thomas Mount, the site where St. Thomas, one of the disciples of Jesus Christ, was believed to have been martyred, is an important pilgrimage site for Indian Christians. The Santhome Basilica, supposedly built atop the tomb of St. Thomas, is a revered church by the Roman Catholics. The St. George's Cathedral, Chennai is an important place of worship for the Protestant Christians. The Wallajah Masjid in Triplicane is one of the largest mosques and is a revered place of worship for Muslims.
The city has 39 sacred tanks abutting temples, which are primarily meant to recharge groundwater and celebrate float festivals.
Parks.
The Guindy National Park, the country's smallest National Park with an area of 2.76 km², is located completely inside the city. It hosts a variety of endangered deer, foxes, monkeys and snakes. The Guindy Snake Park situated in the National Park has a large collection of snakes and is an important source of antivenom serum. The Arignar Anna Zoological Park (better known as "Vandalur Zoo") is located southwest of the city and covers an area of 5.1 km². It has about eighty species on display, and includes a lion safari, an elephant safari, a nocturnal animal house and an aquarium. South of the city, along the East Coast Road, is an important centre for herpetological research called the Madras Crocodile Bank Trust, which houses several fresh-water and salt-water crocodiles, alligators, gharials, and also turtles and snakes. The Botanical Garden of the Horticulture Department has a very wide variety of plants and even a fossilised tree trunk 20 million years old. A Summer Festival is held here annually during the month of May.
Shopping.
Chennai has some unique places to offer for shopping. Art and crafts, contemporary and traditional artwork, antiques, jewellery etc. are available in the city. Traditional items like leaf and palmyra-fiber handicrafts from Tirunelveli, bronze and brass castings and traditional jewelry from Kumbakonam, metal works from Thanjavur, stone carvings from Mahabalipuram, silks from Kanchipuram are for sale in shops and boutiques. George Town and Parrys Corner are wholesale markets of Chennai where one can purchase almost anything. Nearby Mint Street plays host to communities from Rajasthan and Gujarat and is where north Indian snacks can be sampled along with textiles, kitchenware and jewellery. Many streets are entirely devoted to selling one particular type of merchandise. The nearby Burma Bazaar is famous for its counterfeit electronic goods and media, Moore Market for its large number of bookstores. Pondy Bazaar located in T. Nagar, is home to huge multi-storey stores, unique to Chennai, which deal mainly in textiles and silks or gold, silver and diamond jewellery.
Shopping Malls in Chennai:
- Spencer's Plaza
- Chennai City Centre
- Ampa Sky Walk Mall
- Express Avenue
- Phoenix Market City
- Abirami Mega Mall
- Mayajaal
- Vijaya Mall
- Grand marina mall
- Grand mall
Entertainment.
There are four large amusement parks, MGM Dizzee World, VGP Universal Kingdom, Queen's Land and Kishkinta and a water sports center, Dash N Splash located in the outskirts of Chennai. The city also houses a paintball centre and water sports club on the east coast road. There are also a large number of beach resorts all along the East Coast Road highway to Mahabalipuram. The city being home to the Tamil movie industry, has over 100+ large cinema theatres including a few multiplexes which screen Tamil, English, Hindi, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam films. The city has a large number of restaurants offering a variety of Tamil, Indian and international cuisines. The nightlife in Chennai is vibrant and growing ranging from bars to pool parlours to lounges and clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="2906310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906310" title="Langley School, Solihull">
Langley School, Solihull

Langley School is a secondary school with academy status situated in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, West Midlands. It has specialist status in the arts, languages and training.
The school is a mixed, 11–16 comprehensive school with a current pupil roll of 1002. It has an excellent reputation locally for its academic achievement, pupil behaviour and caring atmosphere, and is always over-subscribed. In September 2002 the school became a specialist Performing Arts College, in 2006 a specialist Language College and Training School.

</doc>
<doc id="2906321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906321" title="BCCMA">
BCCMA

BCCMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906330" title="Sramana">
Sramana

Sramana ( "Śramaṇa"; "samaṇa") was a non-Vedic Indian religious movement parallel to but separate from the historical Vedic religion. The Śramaṇa tradition gave rise to Yoga, Jainism, Buddhism, and some nāstika schools of Hinduism such as Cārvāka and Ājīvika, and also popular concepts in all major Indian religions such as "saṃsāra" (the cycle of birth and death) and "moksha" (liberation from that cycle).
Etymology and origin.
The Pāli "samaṇa" and the Sanskrit "Śramaṇa" refer to renunciate ascetic traditions from the middle of the 1st millennium BCE. They were individual, experiential and free-form traditions, independent of society; and in religious competition with Brahmin priests, who as opposed to Śramaṇas, stressed mastery of texts and performing rituals.
The Pāli "samaṇa" and the Sanskrit "Śramaṇa" are postulated to be derived from the verbal root "", meaning "to exert effort, labor or to perform austerity". "Śramaṇa" thus means "one who strives" or "laborer" in Sanskrit and Pali. The term was applied to those who wholeheartedly practiced toward enlightenment, and was used for monks. The Śramaṇa traditions are best captured in the term "parivrajaka", meaning a homeless wanderer. The history of wandering monks in ancient India is partly untraceable. The term 'parivrajaka' was perhaps applicable to all the peripatetic monks of India.
Indian grammarians use the terms 'Sharamana' and 'Brahmin' to illustrate bitter opponents whose differences came from varying religious models. Part of the Śramaṇa tradition remained outside the Hindu fold by rejecting the authority of the Vedas; with the Jains, Buddhists, Ajivikas, and other religious groups developing as a result of this rejection. Part of the Śramaṇa tradition was absorbed into Hindu dharma literature with a place for a renunciate sanyasi in it, in the four stages (ashramas) of life.
One of the earliest uses of the word is in the Hindu text Taittiriya Aranyaka (2-7-1) with the meaning of 'performer of austerities'. Buddhist commentaries associate the word's etymology with the quieting (') of evil (') as in the following phrase from the Dhammapada, verse 265: ' ("someone who has pacified evil is called '").
Movement.
Several "śramaṇa" movements are known to have existed in India, even before the 6th century BCE, and these influenced both the Astika and the Nastika traditions of Indian philosophy.
The Sramana movement grew into prominence during the times of Mahavira and Buddha when Vedic ritualism had become the dominant tradition in certain parts of India. Śramaṇas adopted a path alternate to the Vedic rituals to achieve liberation, while renouncing household life. They typically engage in three types of activities: austerities, meditation, and associated theories (or views). As spiritual authorities, śramaṇa were at variance with traditional Brahmin authority. Some scholars opine the term Shramana appears in texts of the Brahmanas as a religious order other than the Vedic (i.e., Astika) traditions.
Mahāvīra, the 24th "Jina," and Gautama Buddha were leaders of their śramaṇa orders. According to Jain literature and the Buddhist Pali Canon, there were also some other śramaṇa leaders at that time. Thus, in the Mahāparinibbāna Sutta (DN 16), a śramaṇa named Subhadda mentions:
Nigaṇṭha Nātaputta (Pāli; Skt.: Nirgrantha Jñātaputra) refers to Mahāvīra. In regard to the above other teachers identified in the Pali Canon, Jain literature mentions Pūraṇa Kassapa, Makkhali Gosāla and Sañjaya Belaṭṭhaputta.
Some Brahmins joined the Sramana movement, such as Cānakya and Śāriputra. Similarly, a group of eleven Brahmins accepted Jainism of Mahavira, and become his chief disciples or Ganadharas.
The śramaṇa idea of wandering began to change early in Buddhism. The "bhikkhu" started living in monasteries (Pali, Skt. "vihāra"), at first during the rainy seasons, but eventually permanently. In medieval Jainism also, the tradition of wandering waned, but it was revived in the 19th century. Similar changes have regularly occurred in Buddhism.
Jainism.
The Shramana tradition of the Jaina religion is considered the oldest of the non-Aryan group, as an independent pre-Buddhist religion (Bhaskar, 1972), and is suggested to have existed before the Brahmin cult.
Some scholars opine Sramanas of Jaina tradition were widespread in the Indus Valley, with the relics of Indus Valley civilization representing Jaina culture, like the standing nude male figures (Jaina Kayotsarga), idols in Padmasana and images with serpent-heads, and the Bull symbol of Vrshabadeva. However, other scholars opine the Sramana cultures arose and flourished in the Gangetic areas, rather than the Indus Valley.
In later periods, the Jains migrated towards the West and South of India and established themselves as prosperous communities in the Chalukya and Rashtrakuta courts. The Digambaras in the South could not preach against social ranks at the cost of their survival. It was suicidal for them to follow the brahmanical law-books. Therefore in the 8th century CE, Jinasena produced Jain law books in the guise of Puranas glorifying Jain Thirthankaras and declaring Varnas were not of Brahmanical origin but was promulgated by the first of the twenty-four Tirthankaras, Vrsabha, at the beginning of the present "kalpa". Vrashabha prescribed Jain rites for birth, marriage, death and instituted a class of Jain-brahmans.
Buddhism.
It was as a Shramana that the Buddha left his father's palace and practised austerities. Gautama Buddha regarded extreme austerities and self-mortification as useless or unnecessary in attaining enlightenment, recommending instead a "middle way" between the extremes of hedonism and self-mortification. Devadatta, a cousin of Gautama, caused a split in the Buddhist "sangha" by demanding more rigorous practices. Followers of Mahāvīra continued to practice fasting and other austerities.
The Brahmajāla Sutta mentions many śramaṇas with whom Buddha disagreed.
Randall Collins opined that Buddhism was more a reform movement within the educated religious classes, composed mostly of Brahmins, than a rival movement from outside these classes, with the largest number of monks in the early movement derived from Brahmin origin, and virtually all the monks were recruited from the two upper classes of society
From rock edicts, it is found that both Brahmans as well as Shramana Buddhist ascetics enjoyed equal sanctity.
Ajaivika.
Ājīvika means "a place where solution exists" in Tamil language, literally means "living" in Sanskrit) was a system of ancient Indian philosophy and an ascetic movement of the Mahajanapada period in the Indian subcontinent. Ājīvika was primarily a heterodox Indian ("Nāstika") system. The Ājīvikas may simply have been a more loosely-organized group of wandering ascetics (shramanas or sannyasins). One of their prominent leaders was Makkhali Gosala.
Ājīvika is thought to be contemporaneous to other early Indian nāstika philosophical schools of thought, such as Cārvāka, Jainism and Buddhism. While the early nāstika systems such as Cārvāka and Ājīvika gradually became extinct or evolved into others, the Jain and Buddhist traditions spun off into what may be described today as separate religions, distinct from Hinduism (which is now restrictively meant to encompass only the six orthodox "Āstika" philosophical systems).
Ājīvika reached the height of its popularity during the rule of the Mauryan emperor Bindusara around the 4th century BC. Several rock-cut caves belonging to this sect, built during the times of the Mauryan emperor Ashoka (r. 273 BC to 232 BC) have been found at Barabar Caves, Jehanabad district, Bihar.
Philosophy.
Though "Śramaṇa" traditions are associated with ascetism, some Śramaṇa traditions were, in fact, peculiar as materialists, in the sense they preached a worldly existence and carried denunciation of brahmanical orthodoxy to the extreme. The Shramana traditions included a range of beliefs, such as the Cārvākas, who on one end of the spectrum lived a luxurious life, to the Jainas, who on the other hand, developed a theory of extreme self-mortification. Some Śramaṇas were openly critical of the sacrificial traditions of the Brahmins and the concepts of Karma, claiming them to be simply a swindle -- The Cārvāka Lokayatas asserted a purely naturalist position, claiming the world consists of merely working out the elements.
Yet another conflict can be found in the works of Dharmakirti, the eminent 7th-century CE Buddhist logician from Nalanda:
While authority of vedas, belief in a creator, path of ritualism and social system of heredity ranks, made up the cornerstones of brahminal schools, the path of asceticism was the main characteristic of all the heterodox schools collectively called the "Shramanas".
It was in Śramaṇa traditions that concepts of Karma and Samsara became central themes of debate., and it has been suggested that this may have been introduced into the mainstream by Kshatriyas. In Jainism, Karma is based on materialist element philosophy, where Karma is the fruit of one's action conceived as material particles which stick to a soul and keep it away from natural omniscience. The Buddha conceived Karma as a chain of causality leading to attachment of the material world and hence to rebirth. The Ajivikas of Makkhali Ghosa were a third successful movement during this time. They were fatalists and elevated Karma as inescapable fate, where a person's life goes through a chain of consequences and rebirths until it reaches its end. Some famous philosophers of that time, such as Pakkudha Kaccayana and Purana Kashyapa, denied the existence of Karma. It was indeed the creative Śramaṇa generations of the 500 to 400 BCE, in whom Karma doctrine became the centre of attention, who set far-reaching consequences for lifestyle and thought among Indians.
Śramaṇas held a view of samsara as full of suffering (or dukkha). They practiced Ahimsa and rigorous ascetism. They believed in Karma and Moksa and viewed rebirth as undesirable.
Vedics, on the contrary believe in the efficacy of rituals and sacrifices, performed by a privileged group of people, who could improve their life by pleasing certain Gods. The Sramanic ideal of mendicancy and renunciation, that the worldly life is full of suffering and that emancipation requires abandoning desires and withdrawal into a solitary contemplative life, is in stark contrast with the Brahminical ideal of an active and ritually punctuated life. Traditional Vedic belief holds that a man is born with an obligation to study the Vedas, to procreate and rear male offspring and to perform sacrifices. Only in later life may he meditate on the mysteries of life. The idea of devoting one's whole life to mendicancy seems to disparage the whole process of Vedic social life and obligations. Because the Sramanas rejected the Vedas, the Vedics labelled their philosophy as "nastika darsana" (heterodox philosophy).
Beliefs and concepts of Śramaṇa philosophies:-
Ultimately, the sramana philosophical concepts like ahimsa, karma, re-incarnation, renunciation, samsara and moksa were accepted and incorporated by the Brahmins in their beliefs and practices, e.g. by abandoning the sacrifice of animals. According to Gavin Flood, concepts like karmas and reincarnation entered mainstream brahaminical thought from the sramana or the renounciant traditions. According to D. R. Bhandarkar, the Ahimsa dharma of the sramanas made an impression on the followers of Brahamanism and their law books and practices.
Jain philosophy.
Jainism derives its philosophy from the teachings and lives of the twenty-four Tirthankaras, of whom Mahavira was the last. Acharyas Umasvati (Umasvami), Kundakunda, Haribhadra, and others further developed and reorganized Jain philosophy in its present form. The distinguishing features of Jain philosophy are its belief in the independent existence of soul and matter, predominance of karma, the denial of a creative and omnipotent God, belief in an eternal and uncreated universe, a strong emphasis on non-violence, an accent on relativity and multiple facets of truth, and morality and ethics based on liberation of the soul. The Jain philosophy of Anekantavada and Syādvāda, which posits that the truth or reality is perceived differently from different points of view, and that no single point of view is the complete truth, have made very important contributions to ancient Indian philosophy, especially in the areas of skepticism and relativity.
Usage in Jain texts.
Jain monastics are known as Śramaṇas, while lay practitioners are called shravakas. The religion or code of conduct of the monks is known as "Śramaṇa Dharma". Jain canons like "Ācāranga Sūtra" and other later texts contain many references to Sramanas.
Ācāranga Sūtra.
One verse of the "Ācāranga Sūtra" defines a good Śramaṇa:
The chapter on renunciation contains a Śramaṇa vow of non-possession:
"Ācāranga Sūtra" gives three names of Mahavira, the twenty fourth Tirthankara, one of which was "Śramaṇa":
Sūtrakrtanga.
Another Jain canon, "Sūtrakrtanga" describes the Śramaṇa as an ascetic who has taken Mahavrata, the five great vows:
The "Sūtrakrtanga" records that a prince Ardraka (who became disciple to Mahavira), arguing with other heretical teachers, told Makkhali Gosala the qualities of Sramanas:
Buddhist philosophy.
Buddhist philosophy is a system of doctrines based on the teachings of Siddhartha Gautama, (480-400 BCE), the son of a chieftain of the Sakya tribe, later known as the Buddha. The Buddha found a Middle Way that ameliorated the extreme asceticism found in the Sramana religions. Buddhism is a non-theistic philosophy, which is especially concerned with dependent origination and sunyata.
Influences on Indian culture.
Sramana gave rise to several elements which were subsequently adopted by several Indian religions. According to some scholars, the concept of the cycle of birth and death, the concept of samsara, the concept of liberation are ultimately from Sramana. Indian philosophy is a confluence of Śramaṇic (self-reliant) traditions, Bhakti traditions with worship of deities and Vedic ritualistic nature worship. These co-exist and influence each other.
Brahmanism.
There are only two references to the word Sramana in vedic literature. One is in Brihadaranyaka Upanishad where it is placed next to the term 'tapasa', indicating that the Śramaṇa like the tapasa was a class of mendicants. It has been argued renunciation was not uncommon to the Vedic society, with Yatis, Munis, and Śramaṇas mentioned as being among the earliest renouncers. In the pastoral cultures of Vedic people, the renouncer Munis and Yatis were looked down upon. The renouncers meditated upon death, link between births and death conditioned by attachment to desire. These themes surface in vedic literature for the first time in the Upanishads. After passing through henotheism and pantheism, the anthropomorphism of Vedas entered the period of monism in the Upanishadic period.
It is in the Upanishadic period that theories identifiable with Śramaṇas come in direct contact with brahmanical ideals. According to Ananda Guruge, a renowned Buddhist leader, the Sramana movement impacted Vedic education through the Upanishads, with debate and discussion replacing parrot-like repetition of the Vedas. Many Upanishads compile contradictory positions where the favorite style of debate is to pose questions until the other cannot answer. The infinite regress notwithstanding, upanishadic arguments do not involve finding logical contradictions in opposing doctrines. The heterogenous nature of Upanishads shows infusions of both social and philosophical elements, pointing to evolution of new doctrines from non-brahmanical sources. While the Upanishadic doctrines of Brahman and Atman can be traced back to the Vedas and Brahmanas, the doctrines of Transmigration (as punarjanma), Karma (as action), and Emancipation (as moksha) do not follow with consistency from vedic traditions, and are fundamental to the Śramaṇa religions.
Hinduism.
Modern Hinduism can be regarded as a combination of Vedic and Śramaṇa traditions as it is substantially influenced by both traditions.
Among the Astika schools of Hinduism, Vedanta, Samkhya, and Yoga are early and very important philosophies that have influenced and been influenced by the Sramana philosophy, with their origins in the Indus Valley period of about 3000-2000 BCE. As Geoffrey Samuel notes, 
Yoga follows the Samkhya philosophy of liberating oneself from the grip of Prakriti (nature) through individual effort. Elaborate processes are outlined in Yoga to achieve individual liberation through breathing techniques (Pranayama), physical postures (Asanas) and meditations (Dhyana). Patanjali's Yoga sutra is one product (school) of this philosophy. Other Yogic schools and the Tantra traditions are also important derivatives and branches of the Sramana practices.
The Hindu ashrama system of life was an attempt to institutionalize Śramaṇa ideals within the Brahmanical social structure.
In Western literature.
Various references to "śramaṇas", with the name more or less distorted, have been handed down in Western literature about India.
Nicolaus of Damascus (c. 10 CE).
Nicolaus of Damascus wrote an account of an embassy sent by an Indian king "named Pandion (Pandyan kingdom?) or, according to others, Porus" to Caesar Augustus around 13 CE. He met with the embassy at Antioch. The embassy was bearing a diplomatic letter in Greek, and one of its members was a "Sarmano" (Σαρμανο) who burnt himself alive in Athens to demonstrate his faith. The event made a sensation and was quoted by Strabo and Dio Cassius. A tomb was made to the "Sarmano", still visible in the time of Plutarch, which bore the mention "ΖΑΡΜΑΝΟΧΗΓΑΣ ΙΝΔΟΣ ΑΠΟ ΒΑΡΓΟΣΗΣ" (Zarmanochēgas indos apo Bargosēs – The "sramana" master from Barygaza in India).
Clement of Alexandria (150-211).
Clement of Alexandria makes several mentions of the Sramanas, both in the context of the Bactrians and the Indians:
To Clement of Alexandria, "Bactrians" apparently means "Oriental Greek", as in a passage of the Stromata:
Porphyry (233-305).
Porphyry extensively describes the habits of the Sramanas (whom he calls Samanaeans) in his "On Abstinence from Animal Food" Book IV . He says his information was obtained from "the Babylonian Bardesanes, who lived in the times of our fathers, and was familiar with those Indians who, together with Damadamis, were sent to Caesar"
On entering the order:
On life and death:
In contemporary Western culture.
German novelist Hermann Hesse, long interested in Eastern, especially Indian, spirituality, wrote "Siddhartha", in which the main character becomes a Samana upon leaving his home (where he was a Brahmin).

</doc>
<doc id="2906333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906333" title="Edubuntu">
Edubuntu

Edubuntu, also previously known as Ubuntu Education Edition, is an official derivative of the Ubuntu operating system designed for use in classrooms inside schools, homes and communities.
Edubuntu has been developed in collaboration with teachers and technologists in multiple countries. Edubuntu is built on top of the Ubuntu base, incorporates the LTSP thin client architecture and several education-specific applications, and is aimed at users aged 6 to 18. It is designed for easy installation and ongoing system maintenance.
Features.
Included with Edubuntu is the Linux Terminal Server Project, a large number of educational applications including GCompris, KDE Edutainment Suite, Sabayon Profile Manager, Pessulus Lockdown Editor, Edubuntu Menueditor, LibreOffice, Gnome Nanny and iTalc as well as many more. Edubuntu CDs were previously available for free through their "Shipit" service. As of version 8.10 (2008), it is only available as a download in a DVD format.
Edubuntu's default GUI is Unity while GNOME is still available. Unity will be default GUI in release 12.04. Since release 7.10, KDE is also available as Edubuntu KDE. Since Ubuntu 10.04, the Edubuntu community has also worked with the Qimo 4 Kids project to provide a Qimo desktop that is Xfce based.
Project goals.
The primary goal of Edubuntu is to enable an educator with limited technical knowledge and skills to set up a computer lab or an on-line learning environment in an hour or less and then effectively administer that environment.
The principal design goals of Edubuntu are centralized management of configuration, users and processes, together with facilities for working collaboratively in a classroom setting. Equally important is the gathering together of the best available free software and digital materials for education. According to a statement of goals on the official Edubuntu Website: "Our aim is to put together a system that contains all the best free software available in education and make it easy to install and maintain."
It also aims to allow low income environments to maximize their available (older) equipment.
Versions.
The first Edubuntu release coincided with the release of Ubuntu 5.10, which was codenamed "Breezy Badger" on 2005-10-13. With the 8.04 Hardy Heron release of Edubuntu it was given the name of Ubuntu Education Edition and was changed to be an add-on to a standard Ubuntu installation instead of being an installable LiveCD. From version 9.10 onwards, Edubuntu changed to be available as a full system DVD instead of an Add-on CD. Edubuntu is also installable via a selection of "edubuntu" packages for all distributions using the official Ubuntu repositories (Ubuntu and Kubuntu mainly).

</doc>
<doc id="2906339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906339" title="Caverns of the Snow Witch">
Caverns of the Snow Witch

Caverns of the Snow Witch single-player roleplaying gamebook, written by Ian Livingstone, illustrated by Gary Ward and Edward Crosby and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books. It was later republished by Wizard Books in 2003. It forms part of Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone's "Fighting Fantasy" series. It is the 9th in the series in the original Puffin series (ISBN 0-14-031830-5) and 10th in the modern Wizard series (ISBN 1-84046-432-1).
Creation.
A short version of the adventure was first published in "Warlock: The Fighting Fantasy Magazine" in two parts, originally as separate adventures. Livingstone later combined both parts and expanded the adventure to create the final book.
Story.
The book is split into three distinct parts:
Whilst "Caverns of the Snow Witch" was originally the ninth book in the series, it is the chronological prequel of "Forest of Doom", the third book. The quest for King Gillibran's warhammer, which is the basis of the plot of "Forest of Doom", begins in this book.
Criticism.
"Caverns of the Snow Witch" is regarded by some fans as one of the weaker books in the Fighting Fantasy series. It was originally published as a short adventure in "Warlock" magazine and later expanded to a full adventure.
The book also contains a minor inconsistency with "The Warlock of Firetop Mountain" in that the game ends with the player climbing to the top of the eponymous mountain, but section 1 of the original book states that climbing to the top of the mountain "must surely be impossible".
References.
Official sites:

</doc>
<doc id="2906342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906342" title="The Code (band)">
The Code (band)

The Code is a former American ska-punk rock band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The band released their first full-length CD on A-F Records, which they followed up with a split with Whatever It Takes. They have also toured with bands such as Rise Against, Against Me!, Bouncing Souls, Pipedown and Anti-Flag. Their most recent release is an EP, "Rhetoric of Reason", released on Jumpstart Records. The band announced their break up in August 2006. On July 2, 2007, The Code reunited for a show in Lawrenceville.
In Anti-Flag's EP, "A Benefit for Victims of Violent Crime" they have a song called "Marcdefiant" about lead singer of The Code. A demo version was first released as a bonus track on Anti-Flag's "For Blood And Empire" LP.

</doc>
<doc id="2906347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906347" title="Carvacrol">
Carvacrol

Carvacrol, or cymophenol, C6H3CH3(OH)(C3H7), is a monoterpenoid phenol. It has a characteristic pungent, warm odor of oregano.
Natural occurrence.
Carvacrol is present in the essential oil of "Origanum vulgare" (oregano), oil of thyme, oil obtained from pepperwort, and wild bergamot. The essential oil of Thyme subspecies contains between 5% and 75% of carvacrol, while "Satureja" (savory) subspecies have a content between 1% and 45%. "Origanum majorana" (marjoram) and Dittany of Crete are rich in carvacrol, 50% resp. 60-80%.
It is also found in tequila.
Biological properties and use.
Carvacrol inhibits the growth of several bacteria strains, e.g. "Escherichia coli" and "Bacillus cereus". Its low toxicity together with its pleasant taste and smell suggests its use as a food additive to prevent bacterial contamination. In "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" it causes damages to the cell membrane of these bacteria and, unlike other terpenes, inhibits the proliferation of this germ. The cause of the antimicrobial properties is believed to be disruption of the bacteria membrane.<br>
It is a potent activator of the human ion channels transient receptor potential V3 (TRPV3) and A1 (TRPA1). Application of carvacrol on the human tongue, as well as activation of TRPV3, causes a sensation of warmth. In addition, carvacrol also activates, but then rapidly desensitizes, the "pain receptor" TRPA1; this explains its pungency.
It activates PPAR and suppresses COX-2 inflammation.
In rats, carvacrol is quickly metabolized and excreted. The main metabolic route is esterification of the phenolic group with sulfuric acid and glucuronic acid. A minor pathway is oxidation of the terminal methyl groups to primary alcohols. After 24 hours, only very small amounts of carvacrol or its metabolites could be found in urine, indicating an almost complete excretion within one day.
A study led by Supriya Bavadekar reports that carvacrol stimulates apoptosis in prostate cancer cells.
Synthesis and derivatives.
Carvacrol may be synthetically prepared by the fusion of cymol sulfonic acid with caustic potash; by the action of nitrous acid on 1-methyl-2-amino-4-propyl benzene; by prolonged heating of five parts of camphor with one part of iodine; or by heating carvol with glacial phosphoric acid or by performing a dehydrogenation of carvone with a Pd/C catalyst. It is extracted from Origanum oil by means of a 50% potash solution. It is a thick oil that sets at 20 °C to a mass of crystals of melting point 0 °C, and boiling point 236–237 °C. Oxidation with ferric chloride converts it into dicarvacrol, whilst phosphorus pentachloride transforms it into chlorcymol.
Toxicology.
Carvacrol does not have many long-term genotoxic risks. The cytotoxic effect of carvacrol can make it an effective antiseptic and antimicrobial agent. Carvacrol has been found to show antioxidant activity. 
Antimicrobial activity:

</doc>
<doc id="2906354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906354" title="Riverside Exchange">
Riverside Exchange

Riverside Exchange is one of Sheffield's 11 designated City Centre Quarters, situated by the River Don. Its borders are West Bar, Coulston Street, Bridge Street, Castlegate, Exchange Place and the Parkway to its south, the Wicker Viaduct, Johnson Street, Spitalfields and Nursery Street to the North, and Corporation Street to the west. It is named after the Whitbread Exchange Brewery, which was formerly located on the site of the current developments, and incorporates the Victoria Quays.
History.
In the 1760s, one of the earliest integrated steelworks in the world was set up on the site of what is now the Riverside Exchange. A brewery was founded in the area by Tennant Brothers in 1852, and by then there were already four different steelworks there. The brewery grew, however, and took up more and more of the area, and as Sheffield's steel industry plummeted in the mid-20th century and the steelworks were shut down, the brewery was free to expand and it soon took up most of the current area of the Riverside Exchange.
In 1962, the Exchange Brewery was taken over by Whitbread & Co Ltd. However, as the importance of the area decreased due to the closure of the Sheffield Wicker goods station and the loss of tram connections to the area, the brewery shut down in 1993.
Current developments.
In the late 1990s, plans were made to redevelop the Exchange Brewery's area by Sheffield's city council. The area now has more than 300 new apartments, built between 2003 and 2005, and some large office blocks. The area has been made pedestrian-friendly by the construction of the Upper Don Walk, a walkway parallel to Bridge Street along the river Don, and a pedestrian bridge linking the new developments to Nursery Street on the other side of the river.
The development of the Riverside Exchange neighbourhood continues, with planned new developments such as more office space, shops and cafés. There are also schemes for Nursery Street to be pedestrianised. The final northern section of Sheffield's Inner Relief Road, finished in 2008, shifts traffic away from Bridge Street and further increases the neighbourhood's desirability.
Another development, the West Bar scheme is to be based in the quarter. This is planned to extend the city centre's retail offering, and will also contribute new apartments and office space, and is based around the Sheffield law courts.

</doc>
<doc id="2906363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906363" title="Smother play">
Smother play

Smother play in contract bridge is a type of endplay where an opponent's apparent trump trick goes away.
Example.
The situation can be best illustrated with the following end-position:
Spades are trumps, and the lead is in the North (dummy) hand, declarer needing 2 tricks. It appears that the declarer is fated to take just one more trick with the Ace of spades. However, if the declarer leads dummy's diamond, pitching a heart (loser on loser play) (as does West), East gains the trick and has to lead something at trick 12. Whichever card he leads, South will play his trump and West's king is "smothered" – whatever spade he plays, South will take the last two tricks.
Smother play can be executed only when the victim's partner is on lead, because it requires that the declarer ruffs in one hand, and decides whether to overruff with the other.

</doc>
<doc id="2906369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906369" title="State Prizes of the Soviet Republics">
State Prizes of the Soviet Republics

The State Prizes of the Soviet Republics were each republic counterpart to the USSR State Prize. Each republic granted several different prizes, generally named after writers or artists from the republic, as well as a blanket Komsomol prize for young artists.
ASSRs.
The Autonomous Republics (ASSRs) also had their state prizes; a sample: 

</doc>
<doc id="2906371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906371" title="Hlyboka Raion">
Hlyboka Raion

Hlyboka Raion (, ) is an administrative district of Chernivtsi Oblast in western Ukraine. The population of the raion as of 2001 is 72,682 inhabitants [http://www.statoids.com/yua.html], its area covers 686 km2. The administrative center is the town of Hlyboka. There are 37 villages in the raion.
In Hlybotskyi Raion there are 46 secondary schools. Among them, in 25 schools students acquire education in the Ukrainian language, in 20 schools in Romanian, and in one in Russian. There is also one vocational school.
According to the Ukraine Census (2001), the 72,676 residents of the raion reported themselves as following: Ukrainians: 34,025, Romanians: 32,923, Moldovans: 4,425, Russians: 877, and other: 426. 
The Raion has also 34 public hospitals and clinics.

</doc>
<doc id="2906372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906372" title="Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut">
Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut

The Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films to recognise a performance by a female actor in a debut role. 
Originally titled as the Filmfare Award for Lux New Face of the Year, which commenced in 1989, a special award was given to Tabu in 1995 under the title of "Best Female Debut". The original award was last given to Preity Zinta in 1999, and the following year it was renamed as the "Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut". The renamed award was first given to Nandita Das and that has been its title ever since. 

</doc>
<doc id="2906376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906376" title="William Squire">
William Squire

William Squire (29 April 1917 – 3 May 1989) was a Welsh actor of stage, film and television.
Squire was born in Neath, South Wales, the son of William Squire and his wife Martha (née Bridgeman).
Career.
As a stage actor, Squire performed at Stratford-upon-Avon and at the Old Vic, and notably replaced his fellow-countryman Richard Burton as King Arthur in "Camelot" at the Majestic Theatre on Broadway. One of his first film appearances was in the 1956 film "Alexander the Great", which starred Burton in the title role.
His varied screen roles included Thomas More in the 1969 film version of Maxwell Anderson's play "Anne of the Thousand Days", Sir Daniel Brackley in the 1972 television adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's "The Black Arrow", the voice of Gandalf in the 1978 animated version of "The Lord of the Rings" and the Shadow in the 1979 "Doctor Who" serial "The Armageddon Factor". Perhaps his best-known role was as Hunter, the superior of secret agent David Callan in the spy series "Callan" in the early 1970s; Squire took over the role from Derek Bond.
In a set of "Encyclopædia Britannica"-produced educational films about William Shakespeare's "Macbeth", Squire played the role of Macbeth. This was in keeping with his long career as a Shakespearean actor, which included roles in the classic 1960s TV series, "An Age of Kings".
Personal life.
He was first married to the actress Betty Dickson. He married the actress Juliet Harmer in 1967.
There is a park bench on Hampstead Heath dedicated to him.

</doc>
<doc id="2906378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906378" title="Le Magnifique">
Le Magnifique

Le Magnifique (literally "The Magnificent") is a French movie released in 1973, starring Jacqueline Bisset and Jean-Paul Belmondo.
"Le Magnifique" is a slapstick spoof of B-series espionage movies and novels.
Synopsis.
François Merlin (Belmondo) is a Jean Bruce type writer of pulp espionage novels (he has written 42 so far) and about half of the film plays in his imagination, where he is the world-renowned superspy ""Bob Sinclar"" (The name of the character is never seen written in the movie, while some people write his name "Saint-Clar" the way it is pronounced in French sounds like Sinclar.) Christine (Jacqueline Bisset) is a sociology student who lives in Merlin's building and is interested in the novels, but in the writer's imagination she becomes Tatiana, his paramour, while the pompous and rich publisher of his novels, Pierre Charron (Vittorio Caprioli), doubles as the great villain of the spy novels, the Albanian secret services head Karpov, who in a memorable scene of the film threatens to cut off one of Tatiana's breasts. Christine is clearly fascinated with the handsome spy Bob Sinclar, an unrealistic and idealized hero, who is the very opposite of his creator: a clumsy, frustrated man who barely makes enough money to get by. However, when she is befriended by the rich and vain publisher who looks down upon his poor hack writer, she realises her mistake, and after a party where he tries to seduce her, she flees him and falls asleep on the landing outside the writer's flat, where he finds her in the morning, clad apparently only in a T-shirt and embraces her for a happy ending. In the final scene, Merlin throws over the balcony his last manuscript, freeing himself from his character and his imaginated life.
UK Release.
In the United Kingdom, Le Magnifique was titled "How to Destroy the Reputation of the Greatest Secret Agent", and was released as the B-Movie to the film "" in 1975.
References to other films and media.
This is the film that is the main inspiration for the three teenage heroes of the novel by Andrei Makine, "Once Upon the River Love" (Au temps du fleuve Amour, 1994).
External links.
Curiosity:
In the Czech dubbed version of the film the original character Tatiana is called Ariana.

</doc>
<doc id="2906379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906379" title="Svetlana-class cruiser">
Svetlana-class cruiser

The "Svetlana"-class cruiser was the first and only class of light cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy. Eight were laid down as part of the 1912–16 shipbuilding program. They were intended to act as scouts for "Gangut" and "Imperatritsa Maria"-class dreadnoughts and to lead destroyer flotillas. 
Construction was interrupted by World War I, the Russian Revolution and the Russian Civil War. Three ships were completed by the Soviet Union as cruisers, two were converted to oil tankers, and the remaining three were scrapped.
Original program.
"Svetlana", the first true light cruiser of the Imperial Russian Navy, was largely based on pre-war cruiser designs. Six of 15 guns were placed in casemates. Despite good experience with 152-mm Canet guns, navy standard since 1892, "Svetlana" employed smaller and inferior 130 mm/55 B7 Pattern 1913 guns.
The concept was formulated in 1912 by Alexei Krylov. Hull was designed by Colonel Sasinovsky and refined by John Brown and Company shipyards in Clydebank who ran a series of scale model tests. Superstructure was initially designed to resemble both "Gangut"-class battleships and "Derzky"-class destroyers; tripod masts with raised rangefinders were added in 1920s. Specifications were continuously changed throughout World War I, adding two flying boats, roll dampers etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="2906386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906386" title="Camp Rising Sun">
Camp Rising Sun

Camp Rising Sun is an invitation-only, international, full-scholarship, leadership summer program for students aged 14–16. Operated by the Louis August Jonas Foundation (LAJF), a non-profit organization, the program lasts for seven weeks. There is a boys' facility in Red Hook, New York and a separate girls' facility in Clinton, New York, about north of New York City in the Hudson River Valley. Participants come from all over the world and are chosen by merit. Instead of being asked to pay for tuition, campers are requested to pass along to someone else the benefits they gained.
There are alumni organizations in numerous countries with more than 5,000 alumni around the world. Camp Rising Sun alumni include a United Nations Under-Secretary General, a president of Harvard University, a winner of the Intel Science Talent Search, a Foreign Minister of South Korea, two former Israeli ambassadors, an Under Secretary of State in the Carter administration and folk singer Pete Seeger.
In 1996, a group of Danish and other European alumni founded Camp Rising Sun Europe for young women. Organized and maintained by the George E. Jonas Foundation and the Camp Rising Sun Alumni Association of Denmark, the program was located in Stendis, Region Midtjylland, Denmark.
Background.
Located on 176 acres in upstate New York, Camp Rising Sun (CRS) is one of the longest continuously running summer programs in the United States. It was founded just after the stock market crash in 1929 by philanthropist George E. Jonas with the mission to "develop in promising young people from diverse backgrounds a lifelong commitment to sensitive and responsible leadership for the betterment of their communities and world."
The son of a successful businessman, Jonas grew up in privilege and wealth, but was troubled about the advantages he had in comparison to others. He grew dismayed at the world. Pondering what he could do to bring a measure of stability and peace to the world, he reasoned that hope rested in the youth of the world and he began to consider what might encourage, stimulate and motivate them. He got the idea to start a camp, one that "is interested not merely in the boy, but in the man the boy will become." He set up a foundation, naming it after his father; the foundation runs the camp. For decades, Jonas personally interviewed many prospective campers and he was fondly called by all by his nickname, "Freddie".
After World War II, the program was expanded to include youth from every region of the world. In 1947, the first two African American boys were invited to attend and 1989, a girls' program was established. Jonas remained closely associated with the program until the time of his death in 1978. Campers from outside the United States have an opportunity to stay with an American family or with US campers or alumni, enabling them to experience what it's like to live in America.
The selection of participants is highly competitive and is based on a candidate's potential leadership ability, intellect (demonstrated academic achievement and ability to think critically), character, and individuality (developed abilities and interests). Camp alumni are generally responsible for selecting new campers from their countries, but in some cases, government officials such as the Minister of Education or an ambassador, do the selecting (or did, in decades past).
The program is neither religious nor political, but with campers coming from all over the United States, Europe, Asia, Africa and elsewhere, politics and religion are just two of the many topics that come up for discussion.
Camp Rising Sun's reputation is built on the conviction that there is much to be learned through experience and interaction with those from other cultures and nations. A boy from Nigeria may ask a boy from Alabama about racism in the United States or while working together in the kitchen, someone from Palestine may share personal experiences of life in the midst of the Middle East conflict. Campers help with all aspects of the camp, including meal preparation and maintenance, and work together on intellectual or cultural projects of their own choosing. They also conceive of and carry out landcaping projects to improve the camp, such as building a Finnish sauna or a Japanese rock garden. The eight weeks at CRS become a life-transforming experience. Alumni often choose professions of service and stay involved with the camp for decades after, if not the rest of their lives. One CRS alumnus, Herbert Hall (b. 1923), wrote in an unpublished memoir, 
Nurturing tomorrow's leaders.
The Louis August Jonas Foundation is guided by the philosophy of the founder. The camp's mission is to "develop in promising young people from diverse backgrounds a lifelong commitment to sensitive and responsible leadership for the betterment of their communities and world." In following Jonas' mission, the camp nurtures leadership skills and the training comes with practical experience. Each camper gets the chance to be camp leader for one day. Called the "sachem" (a word that means an Algonquian "chief"), the camper is in charge. Feedback, both from the staff and peers, is given to further gain from the experience. Staff members, typically graduate students or teachers, provide support.
The goal of the program is that participants will integrate what they learn at Camp Rising Sun into their lives and pass it along to others. After the two months of sharing and working together, Jonas wanted campers to return to their communities the benefits they had gained. He said, "We ask that the boys return to life, some day and in some way, the good they have received from it. So, we do ask a price, and its a rather high one." One sophomore in Charleston, South Carolina came home with an idea to improve race relations that he wanted to propose to the Youth Services agency in his city.
Creating a community.
An international community is created with one or two teenagers each from a range of countries as disparate as Finland, Poland, Ethiopia, France, Japan, Ecuador, Hungary, Australia, Italy, Nigeria, Iceland, Indonesia, Israel, Lithuania, Germany, Bulgaria, Ghana and Malaysia with youngsters from all across the United States. Campers live together in tents (at the US camps) and in rooms at the European camp. Bunking assignments are changed every two weeks, so that each student shares accommodations with 16 different young people over the course of a summer, during the course of which, he or she is exposed to many different cultures and individuals. Dining hall table assignments are changed weekly, further supporting the opportunity to learn about others and make new friendships. By the time the campers leave, they have friends all over the world.
After two months of exposure to many other nationalities, international issues became personal concerns. "It's not just Iran anymore. It's my friend, Sepideh, who lives in Iran," said one camper after her summer at CRS. Many of these friendships continue through the decades and there are periodic world reunions, each time meeting in a different country.
Camp activities.
Jonas said, "Schools give you technical training, but they don't necessarily teach you how to think" and set up his camp to supply that need.
While CRS includes swimming, boating, hiking, ping pong, soccer, basketball, tennis and other sports, its focus is providing opportunities for intellectual growth, for development of leadership skills, and appreciation of the value of diversity. The program challenges campers to try new things, but also offers them the option of participating or not, a freedom some have never experienced before. Campers work together in peer-led teams to take care of the daily maintenance needs of the camp. Counselors are skilled in a variety of disciplines from lifesaving to Japanese wrestling to filmmaking. There is instruction by staff, visiting alumni, guests, or other students on subjects like international affairs, poetry, theater, microscopes, filmmaking, creative writing, landscaping, history, music, art, drama, philosophy, ethics, and nature. Three weekly newspapers, written and produced by campers, document the comedic, artistic, and overall progress of the camp.
Students work on projects they conceive, plan and manage, both individually and in peer-led groups. There are evening artistic and intellectual programs, most often planned and executed by campers. At the end of July, there is a dramatic or musical production, involving the entire camp community. Each Saturday evening, there is a large campfire, at which campers discuss their different countries and cultures, about global issues, prejudice and hate and hear presentations, sometimes by outside lecturers.
There is also time available each day for campers to pursue their own activity, be it sports, the arts, reading, an educational pursuit, swimming in the pool or just talking with other campers. Campers are encouraged to keep a journal and prepare other written material that is kept on file and sent to the camper at his or her twenty-first birthday.
A camper's journal from 2006 offers a glimpse of a typical day at Camp Rising Sun.
Effects of the current financial crisis.
Because of the worldwide financial crisis that began in 2007, there was no camp program held in 2009 in the United States and the European program was cancelled for 2010. Since then, the two campuses in upstate New York have resumed summer programs and the organization has undertaken a new strategic plan to ensure the Camp Rising Sun legacy. 
CRS Alumni.
CRS campers become members of an international alumni association which is supportive of their evolving interests in college and careers. The LAJF website has a College Roster which connects young alumni with older alumni who are attending or have attended a broad range of colleges, universities and professional schools. Many alumni later speak of their experiences at CRS, such as when writing their college essays. LAJF also supports a college scholarship program. While the Rising Sun experience is measured in weeks, the effects of the experience continue to develop and to play out over decades.

</doc>
<doc id="2906399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906399" title="Pontianus">
Pontianus

Pontianus may refer to several figures of the ancient world:

</doc>
<doc id="2906403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906403" title="Food 911">
Food 911

Food 911 is a 30-minute-long show hosted by Tyler Florence that has aired on the Food Network since 1999. 
The premise of the show involves Florence traveling across the United States to help individuals overcome various cooking dilemmas in their homes. A typical show involves three different dishes.
Participation in solving the problem varies by show, but Florence defers credit to his host regardless.

</doc>
<doc id="2906447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906447" title="Find a Grave">
Find a Grave

Find A Grave is a commercial website that allows the public to access and add to an online database of cemetery records.
History.
The site was created in 1995 by Salt Lake City resident Jim Tipton, who sought a site to cater to his hobby of visiting the burial sites of celebrities. He later added an online forum. It was launched as a commercial entity in 1998, first as a DBA and then incorporated in 2000.
The site later expanded to allow non-famous graves. 
On September 30, 2013, Ancestry.com announced its acquisition of the company. Tipton said of the purchase that Ancestry.com had, "...been linking and driving traffic to the site for several years. Burial information is a wonderful source for people researching their family history...” Ancestry.com planned to bolster the resources dedicated to Find a Grave to "...launch a new mobile app, improve customer support, introduce an enhanced edit system for submitting updates to memorials, foreign-language support, and other site improvements." 
, the site contained over 116 million burial records and 75 million photos worldwide.
Content and features.
The website contains listings of cemeteries and graves from around the world. American cemeteries are organized by state and county, and many cemetery records contain Google Maps (with GPS coordinates supplied by contributors) and photographs of the cemeteries. Individual grave records contain some or all of the following data fields: dates and places of birth and death, biographical information, cemetery and plot information, photographs (grave marker, the individual, etc.), and contributor information.
Interment listings are provided by individuals, genealogical societies, and the International Wargraves Photography Project.
Contributors must register as members to submit listings, which are called memorials on the website. Upon submitting a listing, that member becomes the manager of the listing, but may transfer management. Only the current manager of a listing may edit the listing. Members and non-members may send correction requests regarding listings. Members and non-members can submit notations, which consist of images or pictures or flowers, flags, religious symbols, etc., which are posted on the individual listings, usually including a message of sympathy or condolence. Managers of listings may connect them via hyperlink to listings of deceased spouses and parents for genealogical purposes. Members may also request photos of graves which other members may then fulfill.
Find A Grave also maintains links to memorials of famous persons such as Medal of Honor recipients, religious figures, educators and miscellaneous other celebrities. Find A Grave exercises editorial control over these listings.

</doc>
<doc id="2906465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906465" title="Heidsieck &amp; Co">
Heidsieck &amp; Co

Heidsieck & Co "Monopole" is a champagne house located in the Champagne region of France. It was founded in 1785 by Florens-Louis Heidsieck. Today, Heidsieck is owned by the Vranken company (located in Épernay), who also have Pommery and Demoiselle in their portfolio. The champagne has a lot of pinot noir in the standard cuvée which makes it a little bit heavier in its style.
1907 vintage.
In 1998, the Hiedsieck cuvée called Diamant bleu vintage 1907 was found in the shipwreck of the Swedish freighter "Jönköping" in the Gulf of Finland, the ship was chartered to deliver spirits, via neutral Sweden, to the Imperial Court of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. The ship was torpedoed in 1916 by a German submarine during World War I and a majority of the bottles survived in the frigid waters. About 2000 bottles were salvaged from the ship and have been sold at auctions all over the world as a historic novelty.
Another Baltic sea finding.
In July 2010, a group of Swedish divers found 168 bottles from the 1830s aboard a shipwreck in the Baltic Sea off the coast of the Åland Islands. The bottles were initially claimed to have been produced between 1782 and 1788. They were sent back to France for analysis. Shortly after this the bottles were traced to a now-defunct champagne house Juglar. In November 2010 it was reported that the wreck included Veuve Clicquot bottles as well. Veuve Clicquot stated that experts checking branding of the corks "were able to identify with absolute certainty" that three of the bottles were theirs. The other bottles examined were attributed to Juglar.
On November 17 the local government of the Åland Islands announced that most of the bottles are to be auctioned off.
In January 2011 further info about the Åland bottles was released. 95 of them were identified as Juglar, 46 as Veuve Clicquot and at least four as Heidsieck.

</doc>
<doc id="2906472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906472" title="Army of New Mexico">
Army of New Mexico

The Army of New Mexico was a small Confederate army in the American Civil War. It operated in Confederate Arizona and New Mexico Territory during the New Mexico Campaign in late 1861 and early 1862, before it was transferred to Louisiana. At first the force was tasked with securing Confederate Arizona's forts, most of which were still in Union hands. John R. Baylor had already established the Confederate Territory of Arizona after the First Battle of Mesilla in 1861. Now the goal was to capture the remaining U.S. held forts in Confederate Arizona and to invade New Mexico Territory. The army also hoped to capture the mines of Colorado and California, to secure gold and silver supplies to finance the Confederate war effort. Ultimately, the Confederate plans were thwarted at the Battle of Glorieta Pass.
History.
The army was formed by Brigadier General Henry Hopkins Sibley during the summer of 1861, recruiting from the eastern counties of Texas. Sibley had planned to use local militia companies in forming his regiments, but upon his arrival to Texas he found the militia to be unreliable, so he started recruiting from scratch. Two regiments were formed initially, the 4th and the 5th Mounted Rifles, both with a battery of howitzers attached, but a third regiment, designated the 7th Mounted Rifles, was formed to garrison the territory. The volunteers provided their own weapons, horses, and blankets, with minimal supplies given from the government warehouses. As a result, the weapons used by the troops varied widely, including rifle muskets, squirrel guns, and double barreled shotguns. After initial training in San Antonio, the regiments were sent by detachments to Fort Bliss near El Paso in October, where Sibley formally took command of the military units in the Confederate Arizona Territory. Once the command was concentrated at Fort Bliss, Sibley then sent them to Fort Thorn in New Mexico, where it remained for a month.
The army began operations in the territory in mid-February 1862, when it moved north against the Union garrison at Fort Craig. Arriving at the fort on February 13, Sibley first attempted to lure the Federals out into the open; when this plan failed, he then tried moving north of the fort to cut its supply lines. The Union commander, Colonel E.R.S. Canby, reacted by following Sibly north and attacking him at Valverde Ford. At this time, Sibley was either suffering from kidney disease or was drunk; early in the battle he was forced to turn command over to Colonel Thomas Green of the 5th Texas. The battle developed into a stalemate, which continued until late afternoon when the Union left counterattacked following a Confederate attack. This created a gap between the Union left and center; Green ordered a charge into the gap, driving the Union force back across the Rio Grande and capturing four cannons. Although he lost the Battle of Valverde, Canby refused to surrender as Sibley had expected, and Sibley felt that the fort was too strong to attack. Consequently he decided to contintue northward, crossing the border into New Mexico Territory and leaving Canby in his rear. Due to the number of horses lost at the battle, the 4th Texas had to be dismounted and a number of supply wagons were abandoned and burned.
Sibley continued northward, capturing Albuquerque on March 2 and Santa Fe on March 13 but failed to capture the Union supplies there. This forced the Confederates to live off the land, but were only able to find a fraction of the supplies they needed; in addition, the foraging alienated the local population. After establishing his headquarters at Albuquerque, Sibley sent an advance force under the command Major Charles Pyron to Apache Canyon to watch for Union movements from the north along the Sante Fe Trail. A second detachment moved to the south to keep watch on Canby's force, while the main body under Lietenant Colonel William R. Scurry moved slowly northward to unite with Pyron. A Union column from Fort Union under the command of Col. John P. Slough was moving south at this time. An advance guard from this column collided with Pyron's force on March 26, with the Confederates being driven back through the pass. That evening, in response to a message from Pyron, Scurry arrived with the main force and spent the next day observing the Union force, expecting an attack. At the Battle of Glorieta Pass on March 28, the main Confederate force under Scurry fought a Union force marching from Fort Union, driving it back through the pass. However, a Union detachment was able to march around the Confederates and burned its wagon train, destroying most of the Confederate army's supplies.
After learning of the Union victory, Canby advanced northward in order to unite with the northern force and surround Sibley. Nearly out of ammunition and food, Sibley retreated back to Albuquerque with less than 2,000 men on April 8, a few hours after Canby arrived. Following the arrival of the force from Fort Union, Sibley decided to continue the retreat due to a shortage of rations, ammunition, and forage. The only battle to take place during the retreat was a small battle at Peralta on April 15, when Canby attempted to capture a portion of the Confederate army. After the Confederates took up positions in the adobe houses and ditches surrounding the town, Canby decided that the positions were too strong for an assault, so he tried to cut off the Confederates' retreat. During this movement, Sibley arrived with the 5th and 7th Texas regiments and managed to stop Canby's attack. Both sides bombarded each other with artillery until a sandstorm blew in, during which the Confederates withdrew from the field. The Confederates were forced to abandon eight howitzers and leave dozens of wounded behind during their retreat. A small rear was left to guard at Fort Thorn in New Mexico, but this also had to retreat in early July, due to advancing Union forces from California. During the campaign, the army lost approximately a thousand men, nearly half of which were missing or captured.
The army was sent eastward to Louisiana, where it fought in several skirmishes and battles, including the Red River Campaign. Sibley was relieved of command of the brigade due to drunkenness and reassigned to directing supply trains. The cannons captured at Valverde were formed into an artillery unit manned by volunteers from the 5th Texas, designated the Valverde Battery.
Composition.
The army was commanded by Brigadier General Henry Hopkins Sibley and its strength was about 2,500. Three regiments of mounted rifles originally formed the army, and other units already in the territory were added as the campaign progressed.

</doc>
<doc id="2906487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906487" title="Comet seeker">
Comet seeker

A comet seeker is a type of small telescope adapted especially to searching for comets: commonly of short focal length and large aperture, in order to secure the greatest brilliancy of light.
For example, in 1842 a 4-inch (10 cm) aperture Comet Seeker was added to Markree Observatory, which was used to discover 9 Metis in 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="2906504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906504" title="Show Business at War">
Show Business at War

Show Business at War is a short film made by "The March of Time" in 1943 to tout the United States film industry's contribution to the Second World War effort. It was a collaboration between several studios, directors and actors.

</doc>
<doc id="2906540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906540" title="Ryan Campbell">
Ryan Campbell

Ryan John Campbell (born 7 February 1972 in Perth) is a former Australian cricketer. Known as "Cambo", he played for the Western Warriors as a wicket-keeper and as a quick-scoring right-handed batsman, often as an opener. He is also a commentator for Channel 10 Australia's coverage of the Indian Premier League and Champions League Twenty20.
Cricket career.
He was in the Australian Cricket Academy in 1994 and made his first-class debut for the Academy side against the NZ Academy in 1995, alongside future Australian test stars Andrew Symonds and Brett Lee. He then made his List A debut for the Warriors as an opening batsman in February 1996 against Victoria. His first-class debut for WA had to wait until Adam Gilchrist was selected for an Australian XI vs the visiting West Indies cricket team in November 1996 but he maintained his place in the side as a specialist batsman and ended the season with the fastest first-class century and half-century of the 1996/97 season.
The batting highlights of his career were an innings of 108 runs off 85 balls in the 1999/2000 Mercantile Mutual Cup final and 203 runs from 222 balls against Queensland in a 1999/00 Pura Cup match. As a wicket-keeper, his 99 dismissals in one-day matches for WA are a state record and his 242 Sheffield Shield/Pura Cup dismissals are the fourth highest for Western Australia. Campbell played two One Day Internationals for Australia, filling in for Adam Gilchrist as wicket keeper.
He has also represented the ACB Chairmans XI, Australia A, Australian Prime Minister's XI and Australia in the Hong Kong International Cricket Sixes tournament.
Post-cricket career.
He retired from professional cricket at the end of the 2005-06 season. At his retirement he revealed his 2-year battle with depression that nearly resulted in premature retirement in 2001.
In 2007, Ryan joined Nova 937 as the sport reporter on the breakfast show with "Nathan and Nat", replacing Tim Gossage. He has also commentated Ford Ranger One Day Cup matches for Fox Sports.
In September 2008, Campbell joined the rebel Indian Cricket League, where he played for the Ahmedabad Rockets.
Campbell has provided commentary for Channel 10 Australia's coverage of the Indian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="2906541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906541" title="Cystolith">
Cystolith

Cystolith (Gr. "cavity" and "stone") is a botanical term for the inorganic concretions, usually of calcium carbonate, formed in a cellulose matrix in special cells called lithocysts, generally in the leaf of plants of certain families, e.g. "Ficus elastica", the Indian rubber plant of the family Moraceae. Plants in the family Urticaceae, also known as Stinging Nettles, also form leaf cystoliths, but only during their later flowering and seed setting stages. Cannabis and other plants in the family Cannabaceae also produce leaf and flower cystoliths.

</doc>
<doc id="2906558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906558" title="Dopplerite">
Dopplerite

Dopplerite is a naturally occurring organic substance found in amorphous, elastic or jelly-like masses, of brownish-black color, in peat beds in Styria and in Switzerland. It is tasteless, insoluble in alcohol and ether, and is described by James Dwight Dana as an acid substance, or mixture of different acids, related to humic acid. It is named after the physicist and mathematician Christian Doppler.

</doc>
<doc id="2906564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906564" title="Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki (1950–59)">
Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki (1950–59)

Continuation of the Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki programme, for the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="2906566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906566" title="Kicktail">
Kicktail

Kicktails are the upwards bent tips of a skateboard deck, today considered vital to a skateboard. The front kicktail is usually called the "nose" while the back kicktail is referred to as the "tail". Kicktails are nowadays key to maneuvering the board, especially in street skateboarding.
History.
As the name suggests, kicktails first emerged in the back end of a skateboard only. As street skating progressed, they were made to the front ends of skateboards in an attempt to increase the height of ollies, succeeding beyond all expectations and pushing the sport even further. Kicktails are also found on specific longboards such as the "schlongboard" and on some pintails. They are nowemerging onto the scene with the ever so popular "indo boards", which are balance trainers. They say the kicktail will help with big tricks, pivots, slides, ollies and much more.
Introduced by Larry Stevenson in 1969 U.S. Patent #3,565,454 with the following description:
The rear end section of a skateboard mounts an inclined lever that is sloped upwardly and rearwardly from the skateboard. In order to practice otherwise difficult spinning or pivoting maneuvers such as wheelies with much improved balance and safety, a person places his rear foot upon and depresses the lever to tilt the skateboard upwardly into a position for the desired maneuver.

</doc>
<doc id="2906569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906569" title="Lancelot Ware">
Lancelot Ware

Lancelot Lionel Ware OBE (5 June 191515 August 2000) was an English barrister and biochemist, he is most well known as the co-founder of Mensa, the international society for intellectually gifted people, with the Australian barrister Roland Berrill in 1946. They originally called it the "High IQ Club".
Career.
Lancelot (Lance) Ware was born in Mitcham, Surrey, the eldest son of a businessman father and musical mother. He attended Steyning Grammar School and Sutton Grammar School. He then became a Royal Scholar at Imperial College London, reading mathematics, followed by a PhD in biochemistry. He undertook medical research with Sir Henry Dale at the National Institute for Medical Research in Hampstead, London, and became a non-clinical medical researcher and lecturer in biochemistry at St Thomas' Hospital in London.
During World War II, Ware worked at the Porton Down secret research establishment. He then worked as a scientist for the Boots Company in Nottingham. During this time, he learned about IQ tests. At the end of the war in 1945, he started a law degree at Lincoln College, Oxford. While at Oxford, he founded Mensa on 1 October 1946. Initially the society was intended for the top 1% of the population by intelligence, but a standard deviation computing error meant it ended up being the top 2%, and this criterion has remained since then.
In 1949, Ware was called to the Bar by Lincoln's Inn and he practised in the Chancery field, specialising in intellectual property, copyright and patent matters. He was also very interested in Conservative politics. He became an Alderman of the London County Council (LCC) in the 1960s. By 1950, Ware had left Mensa, largely because of his other interests in politics and law. However, after Roland Berrill died in 1961, he was persuaded to rejoin the society.
Ware joined the Athenaeum Club in 1983, a London club. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to the Institute of Patentees and Inventors, which he chaired for many years. Ware retired from the Bar in 1985, when he lived in Surrey, London, Exeter and back to Surrey again, in succession.
Lance Ware died in 2000, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="2906582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906582" title="Wolverhampton St George's tram stop">
Wolverhampton St George's tram stop

Wolverhampton St George's tram stop is a tram stop in Wolverhampton, England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is the current terminus of the Midland Metro Line 1. The stop is located in Bilston Street. It is one of only two stops currently on the Metro (along with The Royal) that are not on the former railway track bed.
The stop has a single island platform with two platform faces, with a crossover just outside the stop. It is on the edge of Wolverhampton's main shopping area, and around half a mile from Wolverhampton railway station.
There are plans to extend the line, with a branch running from St. George's to the nearby bus and rail stations, and at a later date a loop through Market Street and Lichfield Street.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays, services to Birmingham run at eight minute intervals during the day, and at fifteen minute intervals during the evenings and on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906586" title="Nahum J. Bachelder">
Nahum J. Bachelder

Nahum Josiah Bachelder (September 3, 1854 – April 22, 1934) was the 49th governor of New Hampshire. He was a farmer and Republican politician from Andover, New Hampshire, United States. Bachelder lived at and operated his family farm throughout his life, was a leader in the Grange, and served a single term as Governor of New Hampshire.
He became politically active when he joined the Grange, a farmers' advocacy group, in 1877. Bachelder became Master of the local Grange for Merrimack County. He was appointed to New Hampshire's State Board of Agriculture, and served from 1887 until 1913, remaining in this post even through his two years as governor.
Bachelder was elected as the Master of the State Grange in 1891 and held the post until he resigned to become Governor in 1903. After his term as Governor of New Hampshire, he served as the Master of the National Grange. He died on his farm in Andover in 1934 and is buried in the Proctor Cemetery there.
Biography.
Bachelder was an eighth-generation descendant of the Rev. Stephen Bachiler, who settled at Hampton, New Hampshire in 1632. Nahum was the oldest child of William A. and Adeline (Shaw) Bachelder. His boyhood was passed upon the family farm in Andover, and his early education was at Franklin Academy and the New Hampton Institute.
After a brief experience in teaching, Bachelder devoted himself to practical agriculture, gaining success as a market gardener and dairyman. In 1877 he joined Highland Grange at East Andover and later became its Master. In 1883 he was chosen secretary of the state Grange and filled that position for eight years, being then promoted to the office of Master.
Bachelder served for two terms as a member of the executive committee of the National Grange and was also a national lecturer and served on the legislative committee.
In 1887 Bachelder was elected as successor to James O. Adams as Secretary of the State Board of Agriculture. He was also responsible for the office of Commissioner of Immigration, which was established in 1889 and later merged into the State Board of Agriculture. He was an official of the state Cattle Commission since its organization, the work of which included keeping the livestock of the state free from contagious diseases. He was secretary of the Grange State Fair at Tilton and, later, of the state fair at Concord.
Bachelder assisted Governor Frank W. Rollins in the establishment of Old Home Weeks in New Hampshire.
Bachelder received the honorary degree of Master of Arts from Dartmouth College in 1891. He was a member of the University and Wonolancet clubs of Concord, the Derryfield Club of Manchester, and of the Kearsarge lodge, A. F. and A. M. He attended the Congregational Church.
He was married on June 30, 1887, to Mary A. Putney of Dunbarton. They had two children, Ruth, born May 22, 1891, and Henry, born March 17, 1895. In addition to their farm estate at Andover they maintained a winter home in the city of Concord.

</doc>
<doc id="2906587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906587" title="Dorsiventral">
Dorsiventral

A dorsiventral (Lat. "dorsum", "the back", "venter", "the belly") organ is one that has two surfaces differing from each other in appearance and structure, as an ordinary leaf. This term has also been used as a synonym for dorsoventral organs, those that extend from a dorsal to a ventral surface.
This word is also used to define body structure of an organism, eg. Platyhelminthes have dorsiventrally flattened body.

</doc>
<doc id="2906596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906596" title="Strobogrammatic number">
Strobogrammatic number

A strobogrammatic number is a number that, given a base and given a set of glyphs, appears the same whether viewed normally or upside down. 
In base 10, a legible set of glyphs can be developed where 0, 1 and 8 are symmetrical around the horizontal axis, and 6 and 9 are the same as each other when rotated 180 degrees (such as the digit characters in ASCII using the font Stylus BT). In such a system, the first few strobogrammatic numbers are:
0, 1, 8, 11, 69, 88, 96, 101, 111, 181, 609, 619, 689, 808, 818, 888, 906, 916, 986, 1001 
The strobogrammatic properties of a given number vary by typeface. For instance, in an ornate serif typeface, the numbers 2 and 7 may be rotations of each other; however, in a seven-segment display emulator, this correspondence is lost, but 2 and 5 are both symmetrical.
Using only 0, 1, 6, 8 and 9, 1881 and 1961 were the most recent strobogrammatic years; the next strobogrammatic year will be 6009.
Although amateur aficionados of mathematics are quite interested in this concept, professional mathematicians generally are not. Like the concept of repunits and palindromic numbers, the concept of strobogrammatic numbers is base-dependent (expanding to base-sixteen, for example, produces the additional symmetries of 3/E; some variants of dozenal systems also have this and a symmetrical "x"). Unlike palindromicity it is also font dependent. But the concept of strobogrammatic numbers is not neatly expressible algebraically, the way that the concept of repunits is, or even the concept of palindromic numbers.
There are sets of glyphs for writing numbers in base 10, such as the Devanagari and Gurmukhi of India in which the numbers listed above are not strobogrammatic at all.
In binary, given a glyph for 1 consisting of a single line without hooks or serifs, all palindromic numbers are strobogrammatic, which means (among other things) that all Mersenne numbers are strobogrammatic.

</doc>
<doc id="2906597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906597" title="Smoke Hole Caverns">
Smoke Hole Caverns

Smoke Hole Caverns (SHC) is a picturesque show cave in Grant County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. 
SHC were opened to the public on 30 May 1940. They are located near the Smoke Hole Canyon from which the cave takes its name. They are located on WV 28 13 km west of Petersburg.
Local lore has it that the cave was utilized during Prohibition by moonshiners. There is only one entrance into the caverns which made it secure and with an ever present supply of fresh water it was a perfect place to produce moonshine. The cave also has an artesian well.
SHC is owned and operated by Jerry and Janet Hedrick.
Smoke Hole Caverns is reputed to have one of the largest ribbon stalactites in the world, unusual helicitites, a crystal cave coral pool, found in only one other cavern in the world and the second highest ceiling of any cavern in the eastern United States. However, it has been adapted significantly to make it tourist friendly, including extensive concrete walkways, the introduction of rainbow trout and aeration into the coral pool and inappropriate lighting, resulting in extensive damage to the stalactites and stalagmites.

</doc>
<doc id="2906611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906611" title="Blue in Heaven">
Blue in Heaven

Blue in Heaven was an Irish rock quartet from Churchtown, Dublin, Ireland, active 1982–1989 and led by singer Shane O'Neill. They reformed in 1990 as The Blue Angels. O'Neill later went on to form Supernaut with Dave Long from Into Paradise.
Blue in Heaven released a few singles on U2's Mother Records before being signed to Island Records in 1985, when they released their first album, "All The Gods Men", which was produced by Martin Hannett. 
Their follow-up, "Explicit Material" (1986), saw them team up with Island Records chief Chris Blackwell and Eric Thorngren. Their popularity grew thanks to touring with The Chameleons, Echo & the Bunnymen, and The Damned, alongside achieving a minor hit with "I Just Wanna".
Kieran Kennedy joined and they played concerts for two years. They released an EP on the Solid label, "Rock 'n' Roll R.I.P.", which was a chronological compilation of their work: a 1983 track ("On and On") produced by The Edge, four from 1987 and a live cover of The Stooges's song "Loose." Kennedy left to start the Black Velvet Band.
Members.
Original recording members.
Supernaut.
In 1997, O'Neill played mostly rhythm electric and acoustic guitar and bass, and sang and wrote words and music with Dave Long, from Into Paradise. Clarke played drums and percussion. Paul McQuillan, who later played and wrote with Hope Sandoval and The Warm Inventions, played electric guitar and ray gun and released a self-titled album on Dirt Records. Today, O'Neill runs a recording studio in Dublin.
Discography.
Blue Angels.
EPs.
"Blow"

</doc>
<doc id="2906613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906613" title="Trencher (tableware)">
Trencher (tableware)

A trencher (from Old French "tranchier"; "to cut") is a type of tableware, commonly used in medieval cuisine. A trencher was originally a flat round of bread used as a plate, upon which the food could be placed before being eaten. At the end of the meal, the trencher could be eaten with sauce, but was more frequently given as alms to the poor. Later the trencher evolved into a small plate of metal or wood.
In language.
An individual salt dish or squat open salt cellar placed near a trencher was called a "trencher salt".
A "trencherman" is one devoted to eating and drinking, often to excess; one with a hearty appetite, a gourmand. A secondary use, generally archaic, is one who frequents another's table, in essence a pilferer of another's food.
A "trencher-fed pack" is a pack of foxhounds or harriers in which the hounds are kept individually by hunt members and only assembled as a pack to hunt. Usually, a pack of hounds are maintained together as a pack in kennels.
"Turn the Trencher" was a traditional children's party game in which an adult spun a platter on its edge in the middle of a seated ring of children. The child whose name was called had to stand and run to catch the platter before it fell. Failure entailed a forfeit or minor ordeal. The game was current as late as the mid twentieth century.
Literature.
In Virgil's "Aeneid", trenchers are the object of a prophecy. In bk.3, Aeneas recounts to Dido how after a battle between the Trojans and the Harpies, Calaeno, chief of the Furies, prophesied to him (claiming to have the knowledge from Apollo) that he would finally arrive in Italy, but
Never shall you build your promised city
Until the injury you did us by this slaughter
Has brought you to a hunger so cruel
That you gnaw your very tables.
The prophecy is fulfilled in bk.7, when the Trojans eat the trenchers after a frugal feast. Aeneas' son Ascanius jokes that they are so hungry they would have eaten the tables, at which point Aeneas realises that the prophecy has been fulfilled. However, he reattributes the prophecy to his deceased father, Anchises:
I now can tell you, my father Anchises 
Revealed these secrets to me for he said:
"When you have sailed, son, to an unknown shore
And, short of food, are driven to eat your tables,
Then, weary though you are, hope you are home
This episode is alluded to in Allen Tate's poem, "The Mediterranean", although Tate calls them "plates".
The Middle Ages, Everyday Life in Medieval Europe, by Jeffrey L. Singman, (Sterling publishers) offers the following observation: "The place setting also included a trencher, a round slice of bread from the bottom or the top of an old loaf, having a hard crust and serving as a plate. After the meal, the sauce-soaked trenchers were probably distributed to servants or the poor. Food was served on platters, commonly one platter to two diners, from which they transferred it to their trenchers." 

</doc>
<doc id="2906616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906616" title="Feroz Khan">
Feroz Khan

Feroz Khan (Hindi: फ़िरोज़ ख़ान, Urdu: فیروزخان September 25, 1939 – 27 April 2009) was an Indian actor, film editor, producer and director in the Hindi film industry. For his flamboyant style, with cowboyish swagger and cigar toting persona which revolutionised the style quotient of the otherwise conventional Filmi hero, he is known as the Clint Eastwood of the East and a style icon in the industry.
He appeared in over 50 films in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, and became one of India's best-loved heroes with his role in the 1980 hit film "Qurbani", which he also directed. Khan followed this multi-disciplinary achievement by directing more successful films like "Dayavan" (1988) and "Janbaaz" (1986). He won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award for "Aadmi Aur Insaan" in 1970, and was honoured with the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000.
Early life.
Khan was born on 25 September 1939 in Bangalore, India to a Pathan Afghan immigrant from Ghazni province of Afghanistan. while his mother was of Iranian background.
Khan was educated in Bishop Cotton Boys' School, Bangalore and St. Germain High School, Bangalore. His brothers are Sanjay Khan (Abbas Khan), Shahrukh Shah Ali Khan, Sameer Khan and Akbar Khan (director). He has a sister Dilshad Bibi. After his schooling in Bangalore, he travelled to Mumbai where he made his debut as second lead in "Didi" in 1960.
Career.
Through the early 1960s and 1970s, he made low-budget thrillers opposite starlets. In 1962, he appeared in an English-language film titled "Tarzan Goes to India" opposite Simi Garewal. His first big hit was in 1965, with Phani Majumdar's "Oonche Log" (1965), where he was pitted against screen idols Raaj Kumar and Ashok Kumar; he gave a notable sensitive performance. It was followed by some more small budget hit films like "Samson", "Ek Sapera Ek Lutera", "Char Darvesh" Again, in the same year, he played a sacrificing lover in the mushy musical "Arzoo", starring Sadhana. With this, Khan earned his entry into A-list second leads. With the film "Aadmi Aur Insaan" (1969), Khan won his first Filmfare award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. His other hit films were "Khotey Sikkay", "Geeta Mera Naam", "Pyasi Sham", "Shankar Shambhu" and "Safar". He appeared alongside his real-life brother Sanjay Khan in the hit films "Upaasna" (1967), "Mela" (1971), and "Nagin" (1976).
He turned into a successful producer and director in 1971 so as to improve his career opportunities as a leading man with his first directorial film "Apradh", which was the first Indian movie showing auto racing in Germany; Mumtaaz was his co-star. He produced, directed, and starred in the 1975 film "Dharmatma", which was the first Indian film to be shot in Afghanistan and was also his first blockbuster hit as producer, director, and star and marked appearance of actress Hema Malini in a glamorous avatar. This movie was inspired by the Hollywood film "The Godfather".
Throughout the late 1970s and 1980s, he was a leading Bollywood star, directing and starring in many of his films. He also starred in the Punjabi film "Bhagat Dhanna Jat" (1974). The 1980 film "Qurbani", with Zeenat Aman, was the biggest hit of his career and launched the singing career of iconic Pakistani pop singer Nazia Hassan, with her memorable track "Aap Jaisa Koi." In 1986, he directed and starred in "Janbaaz", a box-office hit, which some consider to be one of his best movies, featured an all-star cast and was possessed of great songs and excellent cinematography. In 1988, he directed and starred in "Dayavan", which was a remake of a South Indian film titled "Nayagan". After directing and starring in "Yalgaar" (1992), he took a long break from acting for 11 years.
He launched his son Fardeen Khan's career with the 1998 film "Prem Aggan", which, however, was a box-office bomb. In 2003, he made his acting comeback as well as produced and directed "Janasheen", which also starred his son Fardeen. He always used performing animals in his films—a chimpanzee and lion were used in "Janasheen"—but People for Animals (PFA) Haryana [http://www.pfaharyana.in/] chairman Naresh Kadyan moved a complaint in the court of law at Faridabad for animal cruelty and legal action as per law against the producer, director, and actor.
He starred alongside his son again in "Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena" (2005) and made his last film appearance in "Welcome" (2007). 'Welcome' has been one of the best comedy films made in recent time in which he worked with Akshay Kumar, Paresh Rawal, Nana Patekar, Anil Kapoor and Katerina Kaif. It was a block-buster of the year.
Feroz Khan was ahead of his time in terms of his unmatchable style, which reflected in his movies and music. His movies like "Qurbani" and "Dharmatma" are cult favourites in Hindi cinema. He was not considered a superstar.
In May 2006, Feroz Khan was blacklisted by then Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf when he went there to promote his brother's film, "Taj Mahal". In an intelligence report submitted to Musharraf, he was said to have gotten drunk and insulted Pakistani singer and anchor Fakhr-e-Alam and criticizing the country saying:
"I am a proud Indian. India is a secular country. The Muslims there are making lot of progress unlike in Pakistan. Our President is a Muslim and our Prime Minister a Sikh. Pakistan was made in the name of Islam, but look how the Muslims are killing Muslims here."
Pakistan's high commission in India and the foreign and interior ministries were subsequently directed to deny Khan a visa in the future.
Personal life.
Feroz Khan was married to Sundari Khan. He has a son named Fardeen Khan who is married to Natasha Madhwani, daughter of former Bollywood actress Mumtaz. He also has a daughter Laila Khan, who is married to Farhan Furniturewala. Laila was married to Rohit Rajpal, a national level tennis player but divorced him and married Furniturewala in 2010. Although Fardeen and Farhan had their differences and nearly came to blows at a nightclub with each other, Fardeen and Farhan sorted everything out and accepted each other later on.
Death and funeral.
He succumbed to a battle with cancer on April 27, 2009. During his illness he returned to rest at his farmhouse in Bangalore.
He was laid to rest in his beloved Bangalore near to his mother's grave at Hosur Road Shia Kabristan with thousands in attendance included his close family, dear friends, and notable celebrities of Indian film industry. He was remembered for his larger than life presence, and excellence in cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="2906618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906618" title="St Paul's tram stop">
St Paul's tram stop

St Paul's tram stop is a tram stop serving nearby St Paul's Square, Birmingham, England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is the penultimate Midland Metro Line 1 stop, before the terminus at Birmingham Snow Hill. It is visible from the platform ends at the latter. Pedestrian access is via Constitution Hill.
The stop sits in the shadow of Livery Street, which, at this point, is on a blue-brick lined embankment, preventing direct access to the square. Livery street then crosses the tram and railway lines, at a very acute angle, at the Wolverhampton end of the stop.
This part of the route of the Midland Metro follows the former GWR route between Birmingham and Wolverhampton. Once the line is extended into the city it is expected that the line will be diverted near to the Birmingham end of this stop and with a new stop outside Snow Hill Station, before continuing along the route to Five Ways.
The Birmingham to Worcester railway line runs alongside, but the stop is served only by trams, as there are no railway platforms.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays, services in both directions between Birmingham and Wolverhampton run at eight minute intervals during the day, and at fifteen minute intervals during the evenings and on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906622" title="Terra del Sole">
Terra del Sole

Terra del Sole was a town constructed in 1564 for Cosimo I de’ Medici by Baldassarre Lanci of Urbino, in what is now the Province of Forlì-Cesena, northern Italy. It was one of the first fortified cities to be constructed entirely from new on a planned grid system. Meaning Town of the Sun it was conceived to be the ideal town of the Renaissance period.
Designed on a rectangular plan, with a square inner wall with a bastion at each corner. Terra del Sole was not just a residential town, but also had a strong defence to meet any onslaught that may have arisen following the recent invention, and common use of firearms in military attacks. In places the walls are 9 metres thick. Within the walls— wide and high—are symmetrical settlements divided by streets. Two small castles within the walls were the strongholds of the "Captain of the Artillery" and the "Governor of the City". The four quarters of the town were named Santa Maria, Santa Reparata, Sant’Andrea and San Martino.
The central piazza was named "Piazza d’Armi", and was enclosed by the principal public buildings of - Church of Santa Reparata, the Palazzo del Provveditore, the Palazzo della Cancelleria, other civic buildings, and the Palazzo Pretorio (today the Museum of Man and the Environment)
The town still stands and today has a population of 6,096, while small clusters of houses have sprung up outside its walls, the town as conceived by Cosimo de' Medici is still very evident.

</doc>
<doc id="2906635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906635" title="SonAir Airline">
SonAir Airline

SonAir is a venture of the Angolan national petroleum company Sonangol Group. It provides helicopter services to Angolan oil facilities, both onshore and offshore, as well as scheduled and charter services within Africa and to the United States.
Domestically they also provide air transportation to several business groups - private and government, outside the oil business. The company is also the first to provide direct transportation of passengers and cargo between Angola and the United States. The airline provides thrice-weekly services from Luanda to Houston on a Boeing 747-400 (10 First Class, 143 Business Class and 36 Economy Class seats) operated by Atlas Air.
Destinations.
As of 2013 SonAir operated scheduled flights to the following destinations:
Fleet.
As of May 2013 the Sonair fleet includes:
Offshore helicopters:

</doc>
<doc id="2906638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906638" title="CSK Holdings Corporation">
CSK Holdings Corporation


</doc>
<doc id="2906646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906646" title="Arnold Lewis Raphel">
Arnold Lewis Raphel

Arnold Lewis Raphel (March 16, 1943 – August 17, 1988) was the 18th United States Ambassador to Pakistan. He died along with Pakistani President Zia ul-Haq and Brigadier General Herbert M. Wassom when their plane mysteriously crashed shortly after takeoff from Bahawalpur.
Family life.
Raphel was born in Troy, New York on March 16, 1943. The ambassador joined the US State Department in 1966. He was at one time married to his second wife, fellow diplomat Robin Raphel, but they divorced. He had one daughter, Stephanie, with his first wife, Myrna. At the time of his death, he was married to Nancy Halliday Ely-Raphel.
Education.
Raphel graduated from Hamilton College (B.A., 1964) and the Maxwell School at Syracuse University (M.A., 1966).
Career.
Raphel held a variety of positions throughout his career until his death in 1988. He was mainly a politician and diplomat for the US Government.
Iran Hostage Crisis.
In 1979, Raphel was a key member of the State Department's Special Operations Group set up to free the American hostages seized by Iranian militants at the United States Embassy in Teheran.
Office of United States Secretary of State.
In 1981, Raphel served as the Special Assistant to Secretary of State Edmund Muskie.
Afterward, he became the Deputy Assistant to the United States Secretary of State in 1985.
Ambassador to Pakistan.
Raphel was nominated by President Ronald Reagan and succeeded Dean Roesch Hinton as US Ambassador to Pakistan in January 1987.
Death.
In 1988, Arnold Lewis Raphel died in a plane crash alongside Pakistani president Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq. He was 45 years old at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2906647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906647" title="Pacific Academy">
Pacific Academy

Pacific Academy is a private Christian school in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada that spans from preschool to Grade 12. The school generally has 3 or 4 classes per grade, and has over 200 staff members as well as 1500 students. It was started by Jim Pattison, a billionaire who donated money to create Pacific Academy. Pacific Academy also has an outreach program (PAOS) that spans the far reaches of the globe. For example it supports the Kibaale community schools in Uganda. Pacific Academy is considered to be one of the most prestigious high schools in the Lower Mainland, and has one of the highest academic performance in the province of British Columbia.
As stated on the school's main website:
The campus includes buildings for each of the four divisions, i.e. Primary, Intermediate, Middle and High School. In addition, the Creative Arts Building provides specialist areas for Art, Home Economics, Technology Education and Music and the newly opened Media Centre provides exciting opportunities for media/communications. A 350-seat cafeteria is available for students' use. Many playing fields and an all-weather athletic track support the school's sports program.
Recent construction of a new gym started at the beginning of 2008, linking to the Middle School's original gym. This new facility's construction began after the demolition of Pacific Academy's Maintenance Garage, and was completed in October 2008. The grand opening ceremony for the new gymnasium was held on February 25, 2009.
Chandos Pattison Auditorium.
Chandos Pattison Auditorium is one of three theaters in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, the other two being the Surrey Arts Centre and the Bell Centre for Performing Arts. Chandos Pattison Auditorium is named after the father of business magnate Jim Pattison. The auditorium is part of Pacific Academy. In September 2008, FireFighters for Christ held an event at the auditorium called "A Night to Remember: A Tribute to September 11, 2001". Two months later, the Soweto Gospel Choir performed at the venue. Destino also performed there in November in an operatic pop benefit concert in support of the Delta Arts Council. In March 2011, there was a dance performance at the auditorium to raise awareness about human trafficking. The Surrey Symphony Society held a Christmas concert there in December 2011 and a spring concert in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2906648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906648" title="Power Grid">
Power Grid

Power Grid is the English-language edition of the multiplayer German-style board game Funkenschlag (in its second incarnation) designed by Friedemann Friese. Power Grid is published by Rio Grande Games.
In the game, each player represents a company that owns power plants and tries to supply electricity to cities. Over the course of the game, the players will bid on power plants and buy resources to produce electricity to provide power to the growing number of cities in their expanding network.
Game play.
The game comes with a double-sided board with a map of the United States of America on one side and Germany on the other. Each map consists of six regions featuring cities with connections of varying costs between them. The number of regions used is based on the number of players. Map design itself is a key feature in the strategy of game play as some areas of the map feature generally higher connection costs compared to other areas of the map.
The game is played in rounds, with each round consisting of 5 phases:
The game ends after one player builds a fixed number of cities. The winner is the player who can supply electricity to the most cities with his network. Tie breakers are who has the most money, then the most cities.
The game is further divided into 3 "steps". In step One, 8 power plants are visible to players arranged into two rows of four based on their numerical value ranking from lowest to highest. The first row of the lowest numbered plants is available to be bid on by players. In step one, only the first slot of a city may be built into.
Step Two is triggered when any player builds a set number of cities determined by the number of players in the game. In Step Two the lowest level plant is removed (this is only performed once). In addition, the second city slot becomes available for players to build into. Finally, the resource replenishment rate is changed.
Step Three is triggered when the Step Three card comes up in the power plant deck. The Step Three card is initially placed at the bottom of the power plant deck. In Step 3, again, the lowest level plant is removed and a new plant is now drawn to replace it. The available power plant pool now consists of 6 power plants that are all available to be bid on. The remaining power plant deck is shuffled to make a new draw deck.
Funkenschlag.
The original game of Funkenschlag had players draw their networks using crayons instead of playing on a fixed map. This feature (along with other changes) was removed when Friedemann Friese reworked the game. The new game is also called Funkenschlag in the German market, but is sold under various names elsewhere.
Editions.
The game is currently available under various names for different markets, most featuring the same game play. A few editions, however, offer a slightly different play experience because they ship with non-standard maps.
Funkenschlag/Power Grid.
The German and U.S. editions are virtually identical and they feature the same Germany/USA maps. Any small differences are unintentional consequences of the translation from the original German into English, and most mistakes have been corrected by Rio Grande Games as new editions have been issued.
Funkenschlag: EnBW Edition.
This edition was published in 2007 as a promotional tie-in with EnBW, a power company in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The German map differs from the one in the original edition in that the city of Karlsruhe (the location of EnBW's headquarters) appears rather than the neighboring city of Mannheim. The second map included in the game is a new map not available elsewhere, featuring EnBW's home state of Baden-Württemberg. A rule difference between this edition and the original is that determining player order is done after the power plant auction. A difference in the included power plant deck: with 41 plants rather than 42 in the original game, the deck does not include plant #29.
Vysoké napětí.
The Czech/Slovak edition features the Central Europe map (from the Central Europe/Benelux expansion) and the Germany map.
Mégawatts.
The French edition features the France map (from the France/Italy expansion) and a new map not available elsewhere: Quebec. The Quebec map makes more use of the renewable power plants to represent the regional availability of hydro-electricity.
Other editions.
The game is also available in Polish, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, and Japanese. While these editions feature the original maps of Germany/USA (and thus are more like translations of the 2F game than a new edition) each new deal with a local publisher has coincided with a release of an expansion featuring that publisher's home country.
Expansions.
All expansions require the original game to play.
#1: France/Italy.
The "France & Italy Expansion" for "Power Grid" was published in 2005. The expansion provides a new double-sided map allowing play in France and Italy. Along with the maps are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two countries. France, a land that has embraced nuclear power, has an earlier start with atomic plants and more uranium available. Italy has fewer coal and oil resources, but more garbage.
#2: Benelux/Central Europe.
The "Benelux & Central Europe Expansion" for "Power Grid" was published in 2006. This expansion provides a new double-sided map, this time for play in Benelux and Central Europe. Again, there are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two regions. Benelux (Economic union of Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg) has more ecological power plants and more availability of oil. Central Europe (Poland, the Czech Republic, Austria, Slovakia and Hungary) has rules changes in Steps 2 and 3, and limits on what type of power plant may be used to power cities in different regions (countries) of the map.
#3: Power Plant Deck 2.
The "Power Plant Deck 2 Expansion" for "Power Grid" was published in 2007. The expansion provides a second set of power plant cards, offering variety in gameplay.
It was released at Spiel (the annual game fair in Essen) in 2007.
#4: China/Korea.
"The China & Korea Expansion" for "Power Grid" was published in 2008. Another map expansion, this time for play in China and Korea. Again, there are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two regions. On the Korean side, players are confronted with expensive connection costs. In addition, because of the political division between North and South, there are two resource markets; in each turn a player must choose only one market to buy resources from, with fewer resources and no uranium available in the North. On the Chinese side the market is structured as a planned economy. In this version of the game, there are no surprises—the power plants on the power plant market are offered in ascending order during the two first steps of the game. (If the game reaches its final stage, then the power plant market becomes more like that in the original game, to reflect the beginnings of economic reform in modern China.) Additionally, the resource table is designed such that resources are likely to be in short supply as the game proceeds.
#5: Brazil/Spain & Portugal.
The "Brazil/Spain & Portugal Expansion" (aka Brazil/Iberia) was published in 2009. Another map expansion, this time for play in Brazil and Spain/Portugal. Again, there are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two regions. On the Brazilian side, biogas takes the place of garbage, and resources are more scarce than in the original game. Brazil also includes special game preparation rules regarding biogas plants. On the Spain and Portugal side, Uranium is important, but not at the beginning of the game. Initially, uranium is not added to the market in Step 1, but it is rapidly added in Step 2. This side also has special preparation rules by which certain plants are set aside and re-added to the deck during Step 2. Additionally, special nuclear rules apply to Portugal, namely that players with networks only in Portugal are not allowed to own nuclear power plants. Both sides of the map also include their own resource resupply tables. This is the only map, so far, that comes with a box that you can use to store it and other expansion maps.
#6: Russia/Japan.
This was released October 2010.
Russia: The market for power plants is restricted in Russia. Additionally, the standard rules for exchanging out of date power plants are changed.
Japan: Based on the crowded geographical surroundings, the players can start two separate networks in Japan. The first connections are restricted to certain cities.
#7: The Robots.
This was released November 2011.
The Robots expansion adds 30 tiles to create variations of AI players designed to be used when playing with 2 players.
#8: Quebec/Baden-Württemberg.
The "Quebec/Baden-Württemberg Expansion for Power Grid" was published in 2012. The two maps were previously released in two separate Power Grid base games: Québec is part of Mégawatts, the French edition of the game released by Filosofia, while Baden-Württemberg was included in Funkenschlag: EnBW, a German edition of the game from EnBW. Again, there are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two regions. Québec places great emphasis on energy production via ecological plants. In Baden-Württemberg, turn order is changed: first, you buy power plants, then you rearrange the player order. There are also several transregional locations that only may be connected to in Step Two and Step Three.
#9: Northern Europe/United Kingdom & Ireland.
The "Northern Europe/United Kingdom & Ireland Expansion for Power Grid" was released at Essen 2012. Another map expansion, it also includes twelve new power plant cards exclusive for Northern Europe. Again, there are small rule changes to reflect the power culture in these two regions. On the Northern Europe side, the seven countries use very different energy sources for their electricity production and the set of power plants you play with is dependent upon which regions are chosen. On the United Kingdom and Ireland side, players can operate two different networks on these two isles. But, starting the second network is expensive since there is no direct connection between Ireland and Great Britain. Additionally, Step Three starts earlier on this map because this region changed from a resource exporter to an importer in a very short time.
#10: Australia/The Indian sub-continent..
This expansion was released at Essen 2013. It contains maps for the Australian and Indian sub-continents. The main differences between the Australian map and other maps is that there are three networks and the maximum cost of connecting any two cities is 20 Elektros, reducing the overall cost if a player is blocked in. Also, Uranium power plants are actually turned into Uranium mines, reflecting the resource production in Australia, where the cost of running the mines is turned upside down and instead creates income in the Bureaucracy Phase for the owner. In the Indian map, power-outs can occur and seriously reduce the incomes of fast-expanding networks. Also, the resource markets are severely reduced.
Promo. expansions.
These items are small, single or multiple card promotional items that can be added to supplement the base game.
Flux Generator.
The Flux Generator is a power plant that can fire any 3 resources to power 6 cities.
Theme Park.
The card is auctioned to the players immediately after it has been drawn. It counts as an additional city for its owner and not as a power plant.
Transformer Station.
The Transformer Station is a technology card that can be connected to a power plant to supply an additional city.
Warehouse.
Warehouse is a limited edition 3 card set.
You can store up to three resources of any type in the Warehouse for future use in your own power plants. Stored resources cannot be dumped and must be used in the power plants.
The two "event cards" either remove three tokens of the cheapest resource or add three tokens of the most expensive resource from or to the resource market (only one token, if this is uranium). If there is a tie for cheapest or most expensive, resolve in the order coal, oil, garbage, uranium.
Spin-off games.
These titles are stand-alone games in the Power Grid family of games.
Power Grid: Factory Manager.
In Power Grid: Factory Manager players own factories and try to earn the most money during the game. To be successful, each player must use his workers to buy the best machines and robots at the market and to run the machines most effectively in his factory. Because of increasing energy prices, the players must be careful to check the energy consumption of their factories and to avoid using only energy-consuming machines.
Power Grid: The First Sparks.
The First Sparks transports the Power Grid mechanisms into the Stone Age. The order of phases during a game round, the player order, the technology cards are all similar to the original game.
The First Sparks is much faster and far more direct. You are immediately part of the action. Each turn, each decision is important. As a clan leader you decide on the well-being of your clan during the Stone Age. You need to develop new hunting technologies and get new knowledge - to successfully hunt food or to learn to control fire. With the help of these skills, you will harvest enough food to feed your clan and spread it far enough to reach new hunting areas.
Awards.
2005
2004

</doc>
<doc id="2906650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906650" title="Edmund Wood">
Edmund Wood

Edmund Wood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2906651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906651" title="Ra (board game)">
Ra (board game)

Ra is a board game for two to five players designed by Reiner Knizia and themed around Ra, the sun-god of Heliopolis in ancient Egyptian culture.
Originally published in Germany, it was republished in an English language translation by Rio Grande Games. Subsequent English language editions have been published by Überplay and again by Rio Grande Games. The last of these increased the number of players from the original 3-5 to 2-5, but otherwise all editions have used the same rules. "Ra" won the 2000 International Gamers Award, placed 2nd in the 1999 Deutscher Spiele Preis, and is one of the top 30 user-rated games at BoardGameGeek
Gameplay.
"Ra" is an auction game, where the players are all competing for the same resources. The game is played in three rounds, called Epochs, reflecting the history of ancient Egypt. Players use their sun tokens to bid against each other on auctions for tiles. At the end of an epoch, points will be scored for the number and types of tiles a player managed to win. The price of the tiles is determined by the players bidding for them, and values can shift rapidly.
Players are faced with a constant balance between "what should be done eventually" and "what can actually be done now", which is a hallmark of many of Knizia's games, and of German-style board games in general.
History.
"Ra" was published in 1999 by Alea in Germany. In an interview with Funagain Games, Knizia explains how he created the game : ""Ra" actually has a good story behind it; it was the first game I did after my retirement. Two or three weeks after my retirement I said, 'Okay, now let's get started.' That's the time, when I do a big game, that the world around me stops. I concentrate on this game and nothing else. And since I had more time, this concentration became even more extreme. For four to six weeks I did nothing but work on this game. "
Almost immediately the game was picked up for distribution and English translation by Rio Grande Games. Rio Grande owner Jay Tummelson explains how he chose "Ra" for distribution so early in its life: "Games I like are likely to be liked by others. With "Ra", I saw it at Essen last year and decided I would like to do it in English. I approached Alea and offered to do it. We negotiated and I did it. I try to get involved earlier in the process…. I am working with some companies on games they are considering for next year, but have not decided on final theme or look."
999 Games published a Dutch edition of "Ra" in the Netherlands in 2000. Besides these three officially published language translations, fans of the game have translated the rules into Hungarian, Italian, Spanish, and French. All of these translations, along with reviews, photos, and discussions about the game can be found on BoardGameGeek.com, a board game database and fan community.
"Ra" quickly sold out, and was out of print for several years. In October 2005 Überplay reprinted the English version. The Überplay edition has minor differences from earlier editions: slightly larger tiles, a slightly larger board, a cloth sack to pull the tiles from, a smaller box (thanks to the board being quad-fold), a scoring summary printed on the board, and marks on tiles to indicate which are kept at the end of a round. In 2005 Knizia, working with Michael Menzel, also designed a new game called "Razzia", which is the basic game of "Ra" with a mafia theme.
A third edition of "Ra" was published by Rio Grande Games in 2009. This increased the range of the number of players to 2-5 from the 3-5 of earlier editions.

</doc>
<doc id="2906655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906655" title="Tertianship">
Tertianship

Tertianship is the final formal period of formation in the Society of Jesus. The Provincial usually invites men to begin Tertianship three to five years after finishing Formation or Graduate Studies. It is intended to be a time in which an individual steps back to critically assess his experience of living and working in the Society of Jesus and whether this is, in fact, the life to which he is being called by Christ. 
Tertianship characteristically takes place either through the course of an academic year or through two consecutive summers. During this time, the Jesuit in formation, called a "tertian", will undertake an apostolic placement of teaching or service. The tertian will also undergo a thirty-day silent retreat based upon the Spiritual Exercises of St. Ignatius of Loyola. 
After two years in the novitiate, the Society will usually invite a novice to make a commitment through a profession of three vows – poverty, chastity and obedience. While this profession of three vows serves to bind a man to the Society of Jesus, the Society does not make its formal commitment to an individual Jesuit until that person has been with them for more than 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2906657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906657" title="Ringmaster (circus)">
Ringmaster (circus)

The ringmaster, also called a ringleader, is the most visible performer in the modern circus.
Duties and functions.
The ringmaster is among the most important, since he stage-manages the performance, introduces the various acts, and guides the audience through the entertainment experience. In smaller circuses, the ringmaster is often the owner and artistic director of the circus. Many modern-day ringmasters become an integral part of the performance, singing and dancing along with the other entertainers. He is called "Monsieur Loyal" in French, after the name of Anselme-Pierre Loyal (1753-1826), one of the first renowned circus personalities.
The traditional opening line of many circuses is the phrase "Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, children of all ages...," drawn out in dramatic fashion.
In the days before modern lighting equipment, it was the ringmaster's job to literally "direct" the attention of the audience to the appropriate sections of the performance area, even as the previous act was being torn down or the next act was being set up in another area. Most performances were mute by nature, accompanied by resounding brass music. Therefore, the ringmaster's big, booming voice was important as it cut through the clutter and excitement to announce the act.
It is traditionally the ringmaster's job to create a sense of hyperbole whenever possible while introducing the acts. Declarations of the "biggest," "most dangerous," "amazing," "spectacular," and similar expressions are common, regardless of the actual caliber of the performance.
The ringmaster is responsible for maintaining the smooth flow of the show — or at least an appearance of it. He may be called upon to fill time by talking or by joking with a clown if an act is not ready for its entrance.
A ringmaster is traditionally attired in a bright, gaudy topcoat and tails — often red with gold trim — with a tall top hat. The outfit is designed to look like an 18th-century gentleman's riding habit, and often includes a whip, a relic of when the ringmaster directed the performance, not as announcer and host but as director of the many equestrian acts, a specialist stage-manager. It is generally accepted that this costume was first adopted by George Claude Lockhart on the orders of Bertram Mills in 1928, when Lockhart worked as ringmaster for his Circus at Olympia, London. A female circus leader is known as a ringmistress, and often wears a red skirt and knee-high black boots, and either the same topcoat and tails as a ringmaster or a blouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2906659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906659" title="Alexander Munro MacRobert">
Alexander Munro MacRobert

Alexander Munro MacRobert KC (1873 – 18 October 1930) was a Scottish lawyer and Unionist politician.
Educated at Paisley Grammar School, Edinburgh University and the University of Glasgow he became an advocate in 1897. He worked with the Admiralty in 1917-18 and as an Advocate Depute from 1919 to 1923. He was appointed King's Counsel in 1919. He was Sheriff of Forfar from 1923-24.
He was unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for Edinburgh Leith in 1922 and was elected for East Renfrewshire in October 1924 and held the seat until his death. He was appointed Solicitor General for Scotland in December 1925, and was promoted to serve as Lord Advocate briefly from April to June 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="2906665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906665" title="James McDowell">
James McDowell

James McDowell (October 13, 1795 – August 24, 1851) was 29th Governor of Virginia from 1843 to 1846 and was a U.S. Congressman from 1846 to 1851.
Biography.
McDowell was born at "Cherry Grove," near Rockbridge County, Virginia, on October 13, 1795. He attended a classical school at Greenville, Virginia, a private school at Brownsburg, Washington College (now Washington and Lee University), Lexington, Virginia, and Yale College He graduated from Princeton College in 1817 and studied law. He was admitted to the bar but did not practice. He was a member of the State house of delegates 1831–1835 and again in 1838. He was chosen as Governor of Virginia in 1843. He was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of William Taylor. He was reelected to the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Congresses and served from March 6, 1846, to March 3, 1851. McDowell died on his estate "Col Alto" near Lexington, August 24, 1851. He was interred in Presbyterian Cemetery.
McDowell was the brother-in-law of Senator Thomas Hart Benton. McDowell County, West Virginia was formed in 1858 and named in honor of Governor McDowell.

</doc>
<doc id="2906672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906672" title="Tokubetsu Kōtō Keisatsu">
Tokubetsu Kōtō Keisatsu

', often shortened to ' was a police force established in 1911 in Japan, specifically to investigate and control political groups and ideologies deemed to be a threat to public order.
Its main function was as a civilian counterpart to the military's "Kempeitai" and "Tokkeitai", and it can be considered roughly equivalent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the United States in terms of combining both criminal investigation and counter-espionage functions. It has been less charitably compared to the Nazi Gestapo secret police. The "Tokkō" was also known as the “Peace Police” "(Chian Keisatsu)," or more notoriously by the term “Thought Police” "(Shiso Keisatsu)", a phrase later used in George Orwell's "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
The High Treason Incident of 1910 was the stimulus for the establishment of the Tokkō under the aegis of the Home Ministry. With the Russian Revolution, unrest at home due to the Rice Riots of 1918, increase in strikes and labor unrest from the labor movement, and Samil Uprising in Korea, the Tokkō was greatly expanded under the administration of Hara Takashi, and subsequent prime ministers. The Tokkō was charged with suppressing "dangerous thoughts" that could endanger the state. It was primarily concerned with anarchism, communism, socialism, and the growing foreign population within Japan, but its scope gradually increased to include religious groups, pacifists, student activists, liberals, and ultrarightists.
After the passage of the Peace Preservation Law of 1925, the power of the Tokkō was expanded tremendously, and it expanded to include branches in every Japanese prefecture, major city, and overseas locations with a large Japanese population (including Shanghai, London and Berlin).
In the late 1920s and 1930s, the Tokkō launched a sustained campaign to destroy the Japanese Communist Party with several waves of mass arrests of known members, sympathizers and suspected sympathizers (March 15 incident).
The Tokkō was composed of six departments (Special Police Work, Foreign Surveillance, Koreans in Japan, Labor Relations, Censorship, Arbitration). In 1927, a sub-bureau was added, the Thought Section of the Criminal Affairs Bureau, to deal with the study and suppression of subversive ideologies.
The Tokkō made use of both uniformed and non-uniformed officers, along with a large network of informants. These informants were often undercover officers infiltrating suspect organizations and acting as agents provocateur, or voluntary informants from "Tonarigumi" neighborhood associations. Counter-espionage activities also included monitoring external telephone and radio communications inside or outside Japan and nearest areas.
By 1936, the Tokkō had arrested 59,013 people, of whom 5000 had been brought to trial; about half of those received prison sentences. Prisoners were forced to write accounts of how they had become involved with "dangerous ideologies," rewriting these essays until their interrogators were happy with the work. These works then were used to prove their criminal involvement.
The Tokkō were involved with the investigation of the Sorge Spy Ring, which operated inside Tokyo.
The Tokkō was abolished in October 1945 by the Allied Occupation authorities. This directly led to prince Naruhiko Higashikuni's resignation as prime minister.

</doc>
<doc id="2906675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906675" title="Soho Benson Road tram stop">
Soho Benson Road tram stop

Soho, Benson Road tram stop is a tram stop in Soho, Birmingham England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1. This part of the route of the Midland Metro follows the former Great Western Railway route between Birmingham and Wolverhampton. It is situated on the site of the old Soho and Winson Green railway station, which was closed in 1972.
The Birmingham to Worcester railway line runs alongside, but the stop is served only by trams, as there are no railway platforms.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays, services in both directions between Birmingham and Wolverhampton run at eight minute intervals during the day, and at fifteen minute intervals during the evenings and on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906685" title="Danish Security and Intelligence Service">
Danish Security and Intelligence Service

Politiets Efterretningstjeneste (PET) (The Danish Security and Intelligence Service, abbreviated DSIS) is the national security intelligence agency of Denmark. The agency focuses solely upon domestic security while foreign intelligence operations is handled by Forsvarets Efterretningstjeneste – an intelligence branch under the Danish military.
The stated overall purpose of PET is to "prevent, investigate and counter operations and activities that pose or may pose a threat to the preservation of Denmark as a free, democratic and safe country."
Operations.
The three main duties of the PET are counter terrorism, counter extremism and counter espionage.
Counter terrorism does not only encompass stopping terrorist attacks upon Denmark and Danish interests but also to ensure Denmark isn’t used as a base of operations for carrying out terrorist attacks in and against other countries. Furthermore PET attempt to gather evidence to ensure that terrorists are prosecuted. Denmark is obliged by UN and EU resolutions to support other states in prosecuting terrorists.
Aside from the three main areas PET also provides counselling to Danish companies on how to avoid espionage(but is only directly involved in countering industrial espionage if an agency of a foreign government is involved). It has a role as national security advisor to the Danish government, public authorities and other branches of the police along with a number of other activities common to domestic security organisations.
PET also provides bodyguards for Danish royalty, politicians and other persons.
Organization.
PET is a part of the Danish police but reports directly to the Minister of Justice. 
The headquarters is in Copenhagen, and they have offices in Århus and Odense located in the local police stations. Because the service is integrated with the Danish police, they have representatives in all police precincts of Denmark. 
Supervision and oversight.
Several organs oversee PET in order to make sure the agency does not misuse its powers. 
Besides those listed the agency is also under the control of the Courts of Denmark (which has to approve many special steps of investigation, e.g. wire-tapping.)
Criticism and public relations.
PET was criticised in the late 1990s for being closed to the public and has tried to counter these claims by adopting a more open approach. Thus PET has taken to maintain a website explaining its overall aims and obligations and publishing an annual public report surveying extremist activities in Denmark and the threat level to national domestic security (albeit only in a very overall fashion).
People with PET bodyguards.
PET does not comment on whom they offer specific bodyguard protection. However, it is publicly established that the following people are under permanent protection:
These people have fomerly had full time protection but their current protection level in unknown:

</doc>
<doc id="2906691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906691" title="Arthur Yap">
Arthur Yap

Arthur Yap () was a Singaporean poet and a painter.
Biography.
Arthur Yap was born in Singapore, the sixth child of a carpenter and a housewife. Yap attended St Andrew's School and the University of Singapore, after which he won a British Council scholarship to study at the University of Leeds in England. At Leeds Arthur earned a Master's degree in Linguistics and English Language Teaching, later obtaining his PhD from the National University of Singapore in the years after he returned from Leeds. He stayed on in the University's Department of English Language and Literature as a lecturer between the years 1979 and 1998. Between 1992 and 1996, Yap served as a mentor with the Creative Arts Programme run by the Ministry of Education to help inspire students and nurture young writers at local secondary schools and junior colleges. Yap was then diagnosed with lung cancer, and received radiotherapy treatment.
Poetry.
Yap’s poetry is distinctive for an unusual linguistic playfulness and subtlety that is able to bridge the rhythms of Singlish with the precision of acrolectic English. Unsurprisingly, the craft of Yap’s voice has the admiration of other writers. Anthony Burgess has written that he encountered "Down the Line" "with elation and occasional awe", while D. J. Enright has praised Yap’s "sophisticated cosmopolitan intelligence". The "Oxford Companion to 20th-Century Poetry" describes Yap’s poems as "original, but... demanding: elliptical, dense, dry, sometimes droll. At their best, they shuttle between playfulness and sobriety and are alert to the rhythms and contours of the natural and the peopled landscape, seasoning insight with compassion."
His first collection of poems "Only Lines" was published in 1971, when he was 28. Its whimsical, wordplay-based humour captured the hearts of poetry lovers, and it won the first poetry award from the National Book Development Council of Singapore in 1976. An analysis of the poems from "Only Lines" finds moments of both celebration and apology for the power of the written word. At times he begins his verses as if in mid-conversation with the reader:
The pun on the word 'plot' in this passage, denoting both a storyline and a piece of land, suggests a dimensionality in the language that belies the dismissive adjective 'only'. 
Other signature features of Yap's poems include his choice of simple words, and the use of all-lowercase style favoured by American poet E. E. Cummings.
Yap's second collection "Commonplace" was published in 1972. The third collection, "Down The Line"(1980) was acclaimed and won Yap his second Book Council Award. In 1983 Yap was honored with the Cultural Medallion for Literature, and the South-East Asian Write Award in Bangkok. Translations of his books were published in many Asian countries, mainly in the Japanese, Mandarin and Malay languages. 
A selection from each of Yap's previous books was compiled in "The Space of City Trees: Selected Poems" published in 2000. Extracts from "The Space of City Trees" were subsequently published in The Straits Times' Life! Books section.
Painting.
Yap was also a painter. His passion for painting began in 1967 when he was working as a Pre-University English Literature teacher at the Serangoon Gardens English School. During the weekends he would pick up the brush, expressing himself through his abstract works of art. On 13 April 1969 Arthur Yap held his first solo art exhibition featuring 44 square abstract paintings at the National Library in Stamford Road. Yap went on to have a total of seven solo exhibitions in Singapore, as well as participating in group exhibitions in Malaysia, Thailand and Australia. Yap's paintings were also chosen to represent Singapore at the Adelaide Festival of Arts in 1972.
Death.
Unfortunately his cancer, which had been in remission, recurred in 2004. Yap underwent major surgery to remove his voice box. On the night of 19 June 2006, he died in his sleep at home after a two-and-half year battle with throat cancer. He was 63.

</doc>
<doc id="2906696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906696" title="Handsworth Booth Street tram stop">
Handsworth Booth Street tram stop

Handsworth, Booth Street is a tram stop in Handsworth, Birmingham England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1. It is situated on the site of the old Handsworth and Smethwick railway station, which closed in 1972.
The Birmingham to Worcester railway line runs alongside, but the stop is served only by trams, as there are no railway platforms.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays, services in both directions between Birmingham and Wolverhampton run at eight minute intervals during the day, and at fifteen minute intervals during the evenings and on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906697" title="Ferry Point, Hong Kong">
Ferry Point, Hong Kong

Ferry Point (Chinese: 渡船角) is an area in Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong Kong. It was at the sea front and adjacent to Jordan Road Ferry Pier. 

</doc>
<doc id="2906699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906699" title="Dominic Loricatus">
Dominic Loricatus

Dominic Loricatus, O.S.B. Cam. (Italian: San Domenico Loricato), was an Umbrian monk, born in the Italian village of Luceolis near Cantiano (then in Umbria, now in the Marche). His father, seeking social advancement, paid a bribe to have him ordained a priest when still a child. When he discovered the fact, he resolved on a life of penance and became a hermit in the woods near the abbey of S. Emiliano in Congiuntoli, then a Benedictine monk at the monastery of Fonte Avellana in 1040.
Fonte Avellana was at this time under the influence of St. Peter Damian, who promoted penitential self-mortification. It is through his vigorous embrace of this practice that Dominic Loricatus has become most well known, particularly through a mention by Edward Gibbon in "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" (Vol. V, C. LVIII):
"By a fantastic arithmetic, a year of penance was taxed at three thousand lashes; and such was the skill and patience of a famous hermit, Saint Dominic of the iron Cuirass, that in six days he could discharge an entire century, by a whipping of three hundred thousand stripes. His example was followed by many penitents of both sexes; and, as a vicarious sacrifice was accepted, a sturdy disciplinarian might expiate on his own back the sins of his benefactors."
Dominic is said to have performed these lashes while reciting the psalms, with 100 lashes for each psalm. 30 psalms (3000 strokes) made penance for one year of sin; the entire psalter redeemed 5 years, while 20 psalters (300,000 strokes) redeemed one hundred years - hence the 'One Hundred Years Penance' St. Dominic is said to have performed in six days, over Lent.
In calculating these lashes one is left with these numbers: 50,000 lashes per day. Assuming Dominic was awake for 20 hours a day, that gives 2,500 lashes per hour, which would result in 41 lashes per minute.
Dominic owes his nickname "Loricatus" to his further bodily mortification of wearing a coat of chain mail (Latin: "Lorica hamata") next to his skin as a hairshirt. He died at the Hermitage of San Vicino, near San Severino Marche, where he had been appointed prior by Peter Damian the previous year, where his remains are still venerated. His feast is celebrated by the Camaldolese Order on October 14.

</doc>
<doc id="2906702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906702" title="Diego Torres">
Diego Torres

Diego Antonio Caccia Torres (born March 9, 1971 on Buenos Aires), also known as Diego Torres, is an Argentine two Grammy Award-nominated pop singer, songwriter, composer, musician and actor (of films, theater and television). He is the son of the legendary Argentine artist Lolita Torres (1930-2002).
Biography.
Diego Torres was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Is the son of popular argentine singer and actress Lolita Torres. In 1989, Torres' music career began with a band called ""La Marca."" Later, he began his first steps on TV starring in the successful TV series ""La Banda del Golden Rocket"" which stayed on air for three years. He loved soccer. Torres has won 3 awards along with 17 nominations for the Latin Grammys. 
In 1992, he launched his first album, ""Diego Torres,"" produced by Cachorro López. This album was rewarded 3 times platinum.
Two years later, and a little distant from TV, he launched his second album called ""Tratar de estar mejor"" which received 5 platinum albums in Argentina and gold and platinum albums in other Latin American countries. This album launched Torres to the international scene.
In 1996, the Italian producer Celso Valli produced Torres' third album, ""Luna Nueva"", and months later Diego started touring with his band all across Latin America, United States, and Spain. The album went on sale, soon becoming gold and quickly being rewarded with the platinum in Argentina.
In 1999, he recorded his fourth album called ""Tal Cual Es"", produced by Cachorro López. This album showed Diego's talent and creativity to compose and mix different Latin sounds, such as flamenco guitars as well as various other tropical sounds.
His next album was named ""Un Mundo Diferente"" which was recorded in the second half of 2001 in Buenos Aires and Miami. This album presents a variety of styles and merges with several Latin rhythm styles in most songs, such as in his most successful song so far, "Color Esperanza", which stayed at the top of the Argentine Singles/Airplay Chart for twelve consecutive weeks. The album received a Grammy Award nomination in 2003.
In 2004 brought a new challenge to Diego: the possibility of recording an MTV Unplugged, which would be aired in the MTV networks of Brazil, Latin America, Spain and United States. The reconversion of the acoustical in some of his hits along with the presentation of his new themes are part of this show, which is also produced on CD and DVD.
In 2006 he released his sixth studio album ""Andando"", proceeded by the lead single "Abriendo Caminos" featuring Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra. In 2005 he received the Platinum Konex Award as best Argentine male pop/ballad singer, shared with Sandro de América.
In 2010 he released his seventh studio album ""Distinto"" featuring his first the number-one "Billboard" Hot Latin Song single "Guapa".

</doc>
<doc id="2906703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906703" title="Ferry Point">
Ferry Point

There are many places named Ferry Point in the world:

</doc>
<doc id="2906710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906710" title="Blond Eskimos">
Blond Eskimos

Blond Eskimos is a term first applied to sightings and encounters of light haired indigenous peoples of the Arctic Circle region from the early 20th century, particularly around the Coronation Gulf between mainland Canada and Victoria Island. Sightings of light haired natives of the Arctic however stretch back to written accounts from the 17th century.
Etymology.
Christian Klengenberg is first credited to have introduced the term "Blonde Eskimo" to Vilhjalmur Stefansson just before Stefansson's visit to the Inuit inhabiting southwestern Victoria Island, Canada, in 1910. Stefansson, though, preferred the term Copper Inuit. Adolphus Greely in 1912 first compiled the sightings recorded in earlier literature of blonde or fair haired Arctic natives and in 1912 published them in the "National Geographic Magazine" entitled "The Origin of Stefansson's Blonde Eskimo". Newspapers subsequently popularised the term "Blonde Eskimo", which caught more readers attention despite Stefansson's preference for Copper Inuit. Stefansson later referenced Greely's work in his writings and the term "Blonde Eskimo" became applied to sightings of light haired Eskimos from as early as the 17th century.
Early history of sightings.
Greely traced the first sighting of blonde-haired Arctic natives to 1656 when a Dutch trading vessel traveled west from Greenland across the Davis Strait towards Baffin Island. Nicholas Tunes, the captain of the vessel, claimed sighting two distinct races, the first being the brownis- skinned Inuit, but the second being a tall, fair-skinned people. Greely also published the eyewitness account of the Lutheran missionary Hans Egede who wrote in 1721 of a blonde "quite handsome and white" indigenous tribe he had discovered in Greenland.
Later sightings include those made by William Edward Parry, who wrote of native inhabitants across the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Canada, as having physical features of Europeans (e.g. blonde hair and light complexions) and later Captain Graah of the Danish Royal Navy, who in 1821 reported Eskimos he met with "complexions scarcely less fair then that of Danish peasantry". British navy officer John Franklin in 1824 also claimed he had come close in contact and even spoken with a "Blonde Eskimo" who had strong European facial features. Greenlandic polar explorer Knud Rasmussen in 1903 further claimed to have found blonde-haired Eskimos "of a different race" in Greenland and parts of Canada.
Stefansson's speculations.
In 1910, Stefansson visited the Copper Inuit inhabiting southwestern Victoria Island and Prince Albert Sound. He described meeting many men whose beards and hair were blonde and "who looked like typical Scandinavians". In his book "My Life with the Eskimo", Stefansson proposed several explanations for these physical features:
He rejected the second explanation because there had been contact between whalers and Inuit in Alaska for over 100 years but there were no blonds there. He also said that the Inuit had had greater contact with whalers in the eastern Arctic and thus should have exhibited a greater degree of blondness but, as in Alaska, there were none in evidence.
Scientific investigation.
As early as 1922, anthropologists investigated Stefansson's claims but could not come up with an answer to explain the high amount of blondeness in Copper Inuit inhabiting southwestern Victoria Island.
In 2003, two Icelandic scientists, the geneticists and anthropologists Agnar Helgason and Gísli Pálsson announced the results of their research comparing DNA from 100 Cambridge Bay Inuit with DNA from Icelanders, and concluded that there was no match. In 2008, in an article in "Current Anthropology," Palsson concludes that recent work "refutes Stefansson’s speculations on the Copper Inuit".

</doc>
<doc id="2906711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906711" title="Tokubetsu-keibi-tai (Navy)">
Tokubetsu-keibi-tai (Navy)

The was the Imperial Japanese Navy's military police, they were equivalent to the Imperial Japanese Army's "Kempeitai". They were also the smallest military police service.
The original "Tokkeitai" was known as the General Affairs Section and concerned itself with police and personnel work within the Navy: personnel, discipline and records. It took a more active role, partly to keep the "Kempeitai" and Army from meddling in Navy affairs. Smaller and more low-key than its rival, it was no less brutal. It was especially active in the areas of the South Pacific, the Naval Control Area, as well as maintaining a presence as pervasive as the "Kempeitai" had. It had the same 'commissar' roles, in relation to exterior enemies or suspicious persons, and watching inside units for possible defectors or traitors, under the security doctrine of ""Kikosaku"".
Attached to Navy units, they served as Colonial police in some occupied Pacific areas. Later accusations of war crimes were made against them in that role for such acts as coercion of women from Indonesia, Indochina and China into sexual slavery. [http://search.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/nn20070418a5.html]
In addition to the aforementioned police responsibilities the Tokkeitai was the operative branch of the Secret Service Branch of the Imperial Japanese Navy ( which was responsible for recovering and analyzing information and for the execution of undercover operations. Its members also provided local security near naval bases. In the final weeks of the Pacific War, they were amongst the security units prepared for combat against the invasion of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2906723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906723" title="Carl Wark">
Carl Wark

Carl Wark (sometimes Carl's Wark) is a rocky promontory on Hathersage Moor in the Peak District National Park, just inside the boundary of Sheffield, England. The promontory is faced by vertical cliffs on all but one side, which is protected by a prehistoric embankment. The cliffs and embankment form an enclosure that has been interpreted as an Iron Age hill fort, though the date of construction and purpose of the fortifications remains unknown. The site is a scheduled monument.
Geography.
Location.
Carl Wark is located at , at an elevation of about above sea level. Hathersage is about to the west; Sheffield City Centre about to the north-east. Historically this was within the ancient county of Derbyshire, but the surrounding area was annexed to the City of Sheffield in 1933, and now lies in the ceremonial county of South Yorkshire.
The promontory is a Millstone Grit outcrop situated in Hathersage Moor. From the north it is overlooked by the higher peak of Higger Tor. To the east is the valley of the Burbage Brook, which is overlooked by Burbage Edge, a Millstone Grit escarpment. The land gently slopes away to the south following the course of Burbage Brook into the valley of the River Derwent. To the south-west, the land rises towards Winyards Nick and Over Owler Tor.
Layout.
The promontory is approximately long and wide, oriented south-east to north-west. It gently slopes down to the west; at the peak of the promontory an area of — long, wide—is enclosed by natural cliffs enhanced with man-made fortifications. The eastern and north-eastern sides of this enclosure are faced with vertical cliffs of up to in height. The southern edge of the enclosure consists of large earth-fast boulders that have been reinforced with millstone grit blocks, forming a wall high. A rampart across the western end of the promontory completes the enclosure. The rampart is long and wide at its base, rising to a height of . It is constructed of a turf bank that is lined on its outer face with gritstone blocks. Within the southern wall, about from the western rampart there is a wide entrance. This entrance is a curved passage through the rock face with walls on either side.
At the south end of the rampart there are the remains of a shelter, possibly a shieling, built using stones from the rampart. Around the base of the cliff at the eastern end of the promontory there is evidence of millstone production, probably dating from the 16th or 17th centuries.
History.
The date and purpose of the construction the ramparts at Carl Wark is uncertain, it has been described as being "unlike any other found in Northern England." It is widely postulated to be a hill fort of Iron Age origin, perhaps dating from the 8th to the 5th centuries BC, though a similar enclosure at Gardom's Edge has been dated to the late Bronze Age, between 1300 and 900 BC. There is no evidence of settlement within the enclosure so it is unlikely that the site was used for a continuously occupied fort; it may have been used as a place of refuge for a population living in the surrounding area or it may have had some ceremonial purpose.
Antiquarian Hayman Rooke, writing in 1785, gave one of the earliest descriptions of the structure. He thought that it was built by the British celtic peoples, and surmised that "it is natural to imagine, from the many sacred erections, that this place must have been intended for holy uses, or a court of justice". In 1861 historian John Gardner Wilkinson wrote that the site "bears the marked characteristics of an ancient British Age fort", whilst antiquarian and barrow-digger Thomas Bateman stated that he thought the encampment had been set up as a defence against Constantine the Great during the Roman rule of Britain. Isaac Chalkley Gould also dismissed Rooke's idea that the enclosure had a sacred use, writing that it may have been used as a temporary fortified camp or refuge. Following a limited excavation of the turf embankment by Frank Gerald Simpson in 1950, Cecily Margaret Piggott (the wife of Stuart Piggott) concluded that the rampart was constructed in the Early Middle Ages possibly in the 5th or 6th centuries as it is similar in construction techniques to some ramparts of this period in Scotland. More recent assessments suggest that the site may have been in use since the Neolithic period, perhaps with multiple uses and phases of construction.
The origin of the name "Carl Wark" is unknown. Rooke used the name "Cair's Work" in his 1785 description, whereas Bateman used "Carleswark". Sheffield historian and folklorist S. O. Addy, writing in 1893, posited that the name is Old Norse in origin, meaning 'The Old Man's Fort', where the 'Old Man' refers to the devil—suggesting that the 9th to 10th century Danish settlers in the area regarded the enclosure as ancient and mysterious.
Carl Wark features in the 1987 film "The Princess Bride".

</doc>
<doc id="2906727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906727" title="Winson Green Outer Circle tram stop">
Winson Green Outer Circle tram stop

Winson Green Outer Circle tram stop is a tram stop in Winson Green, Birmingham England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1. Its name is derived from its connection with the Outer Circle bus route.
The pedestrian approach to the stop is decorated by Tim Tolkien's "James Watt's Mad Machine". 
It is one of only a few Midland Metro stops to have an island platform, rather than two side platforms. This is due to a lack of space at the site. The Birmingham to Worcester railway line runs alongside, but the stop is served only by trams, as there are no railway platforms.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays, services in both directions between Birmingham and Wolverhampton run at eight minute intervals during the day, and at fifteen minute intervals during the evenings and on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2906728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906728" title="Marian Hall">
Marian Hall

Marian Hall is a building located on the campus of the University of Prince Edward Island.
Constructed in 1959 as a convent for what was then St. Dunstan's University, the building became an all-male residence after the University of Prince Edward Island was created in 1969. Currently one of the few non-coed residences in Canada, Marian Hall has been slated for renovation into an academic building after a new residence is completed.

</doc>
<doc id="2906730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906730" title="Siberian Chronicles">
Siberian Chronicles

The Siberian Chronicles ("Сибирские летописи" in Russian) are the Russian chronicles of the late 16th - 18th centuries on the history of Siberia. They include the Yesipov Chronicle, Kungur Chronicle, Remezov Chronicle, Stroganov Chronicle, and others. These chronicles represent a valuable source on the early history of the Russian Siberia. Some of the chronicles were compiled later, such as "Записки к Сибирской истории служащие" (Notes, Dedicated to the History of Siberia) and "Новая Сибирская летопись" (New Siberian Chronicle) by I.Cherepanov, "Летопись г. Иркутска с 1652 г. до наших дней" (Chronicle of the City of Irkutsk from 1652 to present day) by P.Pezhemsky, "Краткая летопись Енисейского и Туруханского края Енисейской губернии" (A Brief Chronicle of the Yenisey and Turukhansk Krais of the Yenisey Guberniya) (1594–1893) by A.I.Kytmanov. Altogether, there are more than forty known Siberian Chronicles. 
The questions of origins and authenticity of the Siberian Chronicles were dealt with in different ways by the Russian historiographers. The traditional scheme of development of the Siberian chronicle-writing was proposed by Sergei Bakhrushin. He thought that Yermak's companions compiled the so-called "Написание, како приидоша в Сибирь..." (Notes on How We Came to Siberia) in 1621, which didn't survive to this day. Based on these notes, they compiled the so-called "Синодик Тобольского собора" in 1622, or Synodikon of the Tobolsk Cathedral (синодик, from the Greek word "synodikón", which means a list of the dead submitted to church for remembrance in prayer). A chronicler Savva Yesipov compiled his own chronicle in 1636 based on the "Notes..." and "Synodikon". In mid-17th century, they compiled the Stroganov Chronicle based on the "Notes..." and archives of the Stroganovs, which has no immediate connection with the Yesipov Chronicle. In the late 16th - second half of the 17th century, they compiled the Kungur Chronicle based on verbal narrations of Yermak's companions and folklore of the late 16th century. The Remezov Chronicle was compiled in the late 17th century. Around that time, the so-called "Описание Новые Земли Сибирского государства" (Description of the New Lands of the Siberian State) was written by Nikifor Venyukov.

</doc>
<doc id="2906731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906731" title="Lightweight Java Game Library">
Lightweight Java Game Library

The Lightweight Java Game Library (LWJGL) is an open source Java software library for computer game developers.
LWJGL exposes high performance cross-platform libraries commonly used in developing software games and multimedia titles. It exposes OpenGL (Open Graphics Library), OpenAL (Open Audio Library), OpenCL (Open Computing Language) and allows access to controllers such as gamepads, steering wheels and joysticks in a platform-neutral way.
The primary goal of the project is to provide a technology which allows Java developers to get access to resources that are otherwise unavailable or poorly implemented on the existing Java platform. The main philosophy is to expose underlying technology as a thin wrapper, thus creating a simple API. It is also the basis of many Java game engines and libraries.
LWJGL is available under a BSD license.

</doc>
<doc id="2906735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906735" title="David Gosselin">
David Gosselin

David Gosselin (born June 22, 1977 in Lévis, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played 13 games in the National Hockey League for the Nashville Predators. He was drafted 78th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft and made his NHL debut for the Predators during the 1999–2000 NHL season. He currently plays for Saguenay 98.3 of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.
He was married in 1993 and had his first child in 1995 named Joshua David Gosselin.

</doc>
<doc id="2906748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906748" title="Charlotte Vandervalk">
Charlotte Vandervalk

Vandervalk served in the Assembly on the Higher Education Committee and the Housing and Local Government Committee. 
Vandervalk worked in the legislature on health care policy, sponsoring legislation on HMO reform, appropriations of expanded funds to home health care and the Work First NJ welfare reform program. She has served on the Governor’s Advisory Council on AIDS since 2002, and on the Commission for Study of Pain Management Policy, since 2003. She served on the Certificate of Need Study Commission in 1999, the Governor’s Task Force on Welfare Reform in 1996 and the Capital Planning Commission from 1991-1992. Vandervalk served on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1986-1991 and was a member of the Montvale Borough Council from 1980-1985.
On August 25, 2011, Vandervalk announced that she would not run for re-election in November, saying that she wanted to spend more time with her family, and would continue to serve until her term ended in January 2012. In January 2012 she was succeeded in the Assembly by Holly Schepisi.

</doc>
<doc id="2906750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906750" title="Daniel Ridgway Knight">
Daniel Ridgway Knight

Daniel Ridgway Knight (March 15, 1839 - March 9, 1924) was an American artist born at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. He was a pupil at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris, under Gleyre, and later worked in the private studio of Meissonier. After 1872 he lived in France, having a house and studio at Poissy on the Seine. 
He painted peasant women out of doors with great popular success. He was awarded the silver medal and Cross of the Legion of Honor, Exposition Universelle, Paris, 1889, and was made a Knight of the Royal Order of St. Michael of Bavaria, Munich, 1893, and receiving the gold medal of honor from the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia, 1893. His son, Louis Aston Knight (1873–1948), is also known as a landscape painter.
The catalogue raisonné research on Daniel Ridgway Knight's life and work is being conducted by Rehs Galleries, Inc., New York City.
References.
1. "The Daily Record", Waynesboro, Pennsylvania, Jan. 11, 1910

</doc>
<doc id="2906754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906754" title="Ian Shearer, Lord Avonside">
Ian Shearer, Lord Avonside

Ian Hamilton Shearer PC (6 November 1914 – 22 February 1996) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.
Educated at Dunfermline High School, the University of Glasgow and Edinburgh University, he was admitted to the Faculty of Advocates in 1938. He served in the Royal Artillery in World War II. He was standing counsel to Customs and Excise, the Board of Trade and the Ministry of Labour from 1947–49, and to the Inland Revenue from 1949-51. He was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1952.
He was Sheriff of Renfrew and Argyll from 1960–62, and Lord Advocate from 1962 to 1964. He was appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1962. On leaving office, he was appointed a Senator of the College of Justice in 1964, holding office until 1984. He was also a Member of the Lands Valuation Court from 1964 (Chairman from 1975–84), Chairman of the National Health Service Tribunal, Scotland from 1954–62, a Member of the Scottish Committee of the Council on Tribunals from 1958–62, Chairman of the Scottish Valuation Advisory Council from 1965–68, and a Member of the Scottish Universities Committee of the Privy Council from 1971. He was President of the Stair Society from 1975-87.

</doc>
<doc id="2906757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906757" title="David Campbell (Virginia politician)">
David Campbell (Virginia politician)

David Campbell (August 7, 1779March 19, 1859) was the 27th Governor of Virginia from 1837 to 1840.
Biography.
Campbell was born in a part of Washington County, Virginia, that later became Smyth County. He was a successful merchant in Abingdon, Virginia, and served in the U.S. Army during the War of 1812. Both of his parents were of Scottish descent.
As governor Campbell unsuccessfully advocated creation of a statewide system of compulsory education. He called a special session of the General Assembly that helped Virginia weather the financial Panic of 1837.
His brother John Campbell (1787 or 1788 – by 29 January 1867) served as treasurer of the United States from 1829 to 1839. Another brother, Edward Campbell (1781–1833), represented Lee, Russell, Scott, Tazewell, and Washington Counties in the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1829–1830.

</doc>
<doc id="2906758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906758" title="Earina">
Earina

Earina is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). AT the present time (June 2014), 7 species are recognized, native to various islands in the Pacific Ocean.
The New Zealand species are all epiphytic, or sometimes lithophytic, found growing on mossy trunks in the rain forests of both the North and South Islands. The strap-shaped leaves grow from pendulous wire-thin pseudobulbs that arise from creeping rhizomes. "E. mucronata" flowers mainly in the spring, whereas "E. autumnalis", as its name suggests, flowers in the autumn—its flowers are fragrant. The flowers are tiny, typically less than 1 cm across, but are produced in abundance. A large flowering specimen in the bush looks spectacular.

</doc>
<doc id="2906762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906762" title="Lutheran-Roman Catholic dialogue">
Lutheran-Roman Catholic dialogue

Lutheran-Roman Catholic Dialogue began in July, 1964 as an outgrowth of the Second Vatican Council and the new openness of the Roman Catholic Church to dialogue with other Christian denominations and other religions. It was held under the auspices of the U.S. Bishops' Committee for Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs and the USA National Committee of the Lutheran World Federation.
Between July 1964 and 2005 over 50 sessions had been held taking up ten rounds of topics with an eleventh round planned :
Two groundbreaking events of this dialogue was a joint statement on the doctrine of Justification by Faith in 1983 and the Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) on October 31, 1999.
In the wake of the JDDJ of 1999, round XI, "The Hope for Eternal Life" is seen as a precursor leading up to a shared Lutheran/Roman Catholic commemoration of the October 31, 2017, 500th anniversary of Martin Luther's posting of his 95 Theses. While some have hoped for an agreement on interim Eucharistic sharing by the anniversary in 2017, the very fact that a "shared commemoration" is possible would have been virtually unthinkable 50 years ago.
The Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod (LCMS) has also participated in the first 9 discussions with the Roman Catholic Church and will also participate in the upcoming 11th round. Unlike the ELCA, however, the LCMS has not come to an agreement with the Roman Catholic Church due to what the LCMS considers to be crucial differences in the understanding of faith, grace, sin, etc. It was not invited to the 10th round of talks by the Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2906773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906773" title="Kurosh problem">
Kurosh problem

In mathematics, the Kurosh problem is one general problem, and several more special questions, in ring theory. The general problem is known to have a negative solution, since one of the special cases has been shown to have counterexamples. These matters were brought up by Aleksandr Gennadievich Kurosh as analogues of the Burnside problem in group theory.
Kurosh asked whether there can be a finitely-generated infinite-dimensional algebraic algebra (the problem being to show this cannot happen). A special case is whether or not every nil algebra is locally nilpotent.
Golod showed a counterexample to that case, as an application of the Golod-Shafarevich lemma.
The Kurosh problem on group algebras concerns the augmentation ideal "I". If "I" is a nil ideal, is the group algebra locally nilpotent?

</doc>
<doc id="2906776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906776" title="Warren Lyford DeLano">
Warren Lyford DeLano

Warren Lyford DeLano (June 21, 1972 - November 3, 2009) was an advocate for the increased adoption of open source practices in the sciences, and especially drug discovery, where advances which save time and resources can also potentially save lives. 
Biography.
Born in Philadelphia on June 21, 1972, DeLano was educated at Yale University, where he helped produce campus humor magazine "The Yale Record".
In 2000, he launched the PyMOL open-source molecular viewer in an attempt to demonstrate the practical impact open source might have on discovery of new medicines. Since then, PyMOL has been widely adopted for molecular structure visualization within the pharmaceutical industry and at public sector research institutions.
In 2003, DeLano founded DeLano Scientific LLC to commercialize PyMOL and conduct an experiment in the "laboratory of the market" regarding the commercial viability of an open source software company. His hypothesis was that open source software is intrinsically optimal for science, and that scientific software companies which provide open source solutions will, through free market competition, eventually displace companies that favor proprietary solutions.
Delano was married to Beth Pehrson. 
He died unexpectedly on 3 November 2009 at his home in Palo Alto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2906780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906780" title="American Dream (film)">
American Dream (film)

American Dream is a 1990 "cinéma vérité" documentary film directed by Barbara Kopple and co-directed by Cathy Caplan, Thomas Haneke, and Lawrence Silk.
The film recounts an unsuccessful strike in the heartland of America against the Hormel Foods corporation.
Synopsis.
The film is centered on unionized meatpacking workers at Hormel Foods in Austin, Minnesota between 1985 and 1986. Hormel had cut the hourly wage from $10.69 to $8.25 and cut benefits by 30 percent despite posting a net profit of $30 million. The local union (P-9) opposed the cut, but the national union, the United Food and Commercial Workers, disagrees with their strategy.
The local union is shown hiring a freelance strike consultant, Ray Rogers, who comes in with charts, graphs and promises of a corporate campaign to draw national press attention. Rogers delivers in the short term, but it is not enough to defeat opposition from Hormel management and the UFCW international union.
Soon, despite the efforts of a seasoned negotiator sent by the parent union, the company has locked out the workers and hired replacement workers, leading to a series of violent conflicts amongst members of the community. The workers' resolve progressively fades as the battle extends into months and years, and the financial hardships they and their families suffer leads some to doubt the value of their efforts. Kopple, who had previously covered an extended miner's strike in the acclaimed 1976 documentary "Harlan County, USA", focuses on the personalities and emotions behind the strike, creating a highly charged portrait of labor that is sympathetic to the workers' distress without ignoring the strike's greater ambiguities.
"American Dream" features footage of union meetings and press releases, Hormel press releases, news broadcasts, and in-depth interviews with people on both sides of the issue, including Jesse Jackson.
Exhibition.
The film premiered at the New York Film Festival on October 6, 1990. In January 1991 it was screened at the Sundance Film Festival. On March 18, 1992, it opened in New York City.
Reception.
Critical response.
Roger Ebert liked the documentary and its message, and he wrote, "This is the kind of movie you watch with horrified fascination, as families lose their incomes and homes, management plays macho hardball, and rights and wrongs grow hopelessly tangled...The people in this film are so real they make most movie characters look like inhabitants of the funny page."
"The Austin Chronicle"'s film critic Marjorie Baumgarten also appreciated the film, and she wrote, "Kopple's Academy Award-winning documentary "American Dream" exposes the human cost of Reaganomics...What "American Dream" wants to learn is: how did this human tragedy happen—at Hormel of all places, a company with a reputation for progressivism? Decades ago it was among the first to furnish its workers with guaranteed annual wages and profit-sharing plans. Generations of family members worked at the plant, taking pride in their products and their relationship to the manufacturing process. The answer the movie presents is Reaganomics, the 'as long as I've got mine, the hell with everyone else' attitude prevalent in the 1980s".
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 100% of critics gave the film a positive review.
Awards.
Wins

</doc>
<doc id="2906781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906781" title="Brad Haddin">
Brad Haddin

Bradley James Haddin (born 23 October 1977 in Cowra, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper.
Domestic and Club Career.
Haddin's family moved to Queanbeyan in 1989 when he was 12 and he played for the Queanbeyan District Cricket Club Juniors to the age of 15 before joining the Australian National University (ANU) Grade Cricket Club, representing 1st grade at age 16. Haddin was selected in the first ever Mercantile Mutual Cup season of 1997–98 for the ACT Comets, with whom he began his professional cricketing career. In the 1999–2000 season, he began playing for the New South Wales Blues to pursue further cricketing opportunities. Since then, he has produced several memorable batting innings, including a top score of 133 against Victoria. Haddin was signed by Chennai Super Kings in the 2010 IPL. In the 2011 Indian Premier League season, Haddin was contracted by Kolkata Knight Riders for US$325,000.
On 26 September 2012, Haddin scored a century in a Sheffield Shield match against Tasmania at the Bankstown Oval, his first since his century in the first Ashes test against England in November 2010.
International career.
In September 2003, Haddin replaced Simon Katich as captain of New South Wales, while Katich was on international duty, and he since been acting-captain on numerous occasions. He has also captained Australia A. For most of his career Haddin was Australia A wicketkeeper but was drafted into the full squad as back-up wicketkeeper in case Adam Gilchrist was injured or rested. He made his international debut in a one day international on 30 January 2001 against Zimbabwe in Hobart. He made one stumping and made 13 runs. He was demoted from second choice wicket keeper for Australia in 2001 by Wade Seccombe and later Ryan Campbell, but reclaimed this position in late 2004.
On 18 September 2006, playing against West Indies at Kuala Lumpur in the DLF Cup, Haddin and Australian captain Mike Hussey put on 165, which at that time was a world-record stand for the sixth wicket in ODIs. After Gilchrist's retirement in early 2008, Haddin finally made his Test debut on 22 May against the West Indies at Kingston, Jamaica, becoming Australia's 400th Test cricketer.
Haddin was involved in a controversy relating to the dismissal of Neil Broom in an ODI between Australia and New Zealand in Perth in February 2009. Broom was given out bowled but replays clearly showed that Haddin's gloves had disturbed the bails. New Zealand captain Daniel Vettori expressed his dissatisfaction with Haddin's actions in not calling Broom back to the wicket. His comment led to an angry retort from Australian captain Ricky Ponting. Ponting defended his team mate saying that Haddin was convinced the ball hit the stumps. On 15 February 2009, Haddin became acting Australian captain for the Twenty20 against New Zealand after Ricky Ponting was rested and Michael Clarke was injured.
On 9 March 2010, in the third match of the 2009–10 Chappell-Hadlee One Day International series against New Zealand, Haddin scored his second ODI hundred, hitting 110 off 121 balls opening the Australian innings. He was ruled out of the 2010 ODI series in England due to an elbow injury, which he claims flared up when he smashed that century against New Zealand in March.
On 27 November 2010, in the opening match of the The Ashes series 2010–11 at The Gabba, Brisbane, Haddin scored 136, his third test hundred, in a valuable innings that helped Australia to a commanding first innings lead. He went on in the series to collect 360 runs at an average of 45.00. He was dropped for Australia's Twenty20 series against England in January 2011 in favour of Tim Paine, a decision which Haddin said had left him "confused". He retired from T20 internationals in September 2011, to focus on ODIs and Tests. He was axed from the ODI team in January 2012 after a poor 2011 home season. At this point, he remained the first choice wicket-keeper for Australia in Tests, but the emergence of Matthew Wade threatened his place. Inevitably, in October 2012, Haddin was axed from the Test team, making way for Wade, although the national selector John Inverarity stated that Haddin remained a "player of significant interest".
Haddin was recalled to the Australia squad for the 2013 Ashes series, and selected as wicketkeeper for the first test. During the series Haddin set a new record for the most dismissals by a wicketkeeper in a Test series with 29 dismissals, all caught. Haddin was a member of the team which regained Ashes at Perth after four years. He famously said after the win "We've got them back!"
During England's Ashes tour of Australia, Haddin became only the second wicket-keeper to hit five half-centuries in a Test series. His total of 493 runs broke the record for most runs in a series by an Australian wicket-keeper. Haddin also scored 118 during the first innings of the Adelaide test, combining in a 200 run partnership with Michael Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="2906790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906790" title="Blessing of Jacob">
Blessing of Jacob

The Blessing of Jacob is a poem that appears in Genesis at and mentions each of Jacob's twelve sons. Genesis presents the poem as the words of Jacob to his sons when Jacob is about to die.
The poem presents an opinion of the merits and attributes of each of the Tribes of Israel, and so can be compared with the Blessing of Moses, which has the same theme. However, there is little else in common between the poems, except for describing one of the tribes as a judge, and another as a "lion's whelp", though in the Blessing of Jacob it is Dan that is the judge and Judah the whelp, whereas in the other poem it is Gad that is the judge and Dan the whelp. 
Also, unlike the Blessing of Moses, that of Jacob is not afraid to castigate some of the tribes, in particular, Reuben, Simeon, and Levi. The poem appears to aim to describe why each of the tribes suffered the fate they did, and thus explains the small territory of Reuben, the firstborn, compared to Judah, as being due to Reuben's incest (abruptly mentioned at Genesis and 49:3-4). Also, as Simeon's territory was completely within that of Judah, and Levi only had a few scattered cities, these fates were described as being due to their wickedness. Most of the other tribes have brief descriptions suiting their main characteristic, whether it be seafaring or beautiful princesses.
However, Judah and the Joseph tribes both receive extensive blessings, suited to their pre-eminence, Judah's as the major component of the Kingdom of Judah, and the Joseph tribes, in particular Ephraim, as the pre-eminent group in the Kingdom of Israel. In particular, Joseph is described as mighty, and thus as conquering, but Judah's authority is described as given directly by God, and consequently it suits the southern (i.e. Judah) bias of the Jahwist.
Suspicious verses.
Some authorities on the subject have stated that the passage is not entirely intact. Verses 10, 25, 26, and probably verse 18, are regarded as interpolations, or in other words, written by another author. Verse 10 interrupts the continuity of thought, verse 11 taking up the thread dropped in verse 8. All these verses touch upon the possession of the land of promise; whereas verse 10 refers to the future and to the submission of the people. Verses 25 and 26 bear a suspicious resemblance to Deuteronomy ; and while the text of verses 22–24, corresponding to other very ancient songs, presents a knotty problem, verses 25 and 26 are comparatively intelligible (Edgar Innes Fripp, in "Zeitschrift für Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft," 1891, pp. 262 et seq.; Heinrich Holzinger, "Commentar zur Genesis", ad loc.). The lack of connection between verse 18 and the other verses is made clear by the form of the matter: the speech concerning Dan consists of three couplets, and verse 18 seems to hobble lamely after. Moreover, the idea expressed in verse 18 is different from that of the other verses (comp. Ball, "S. B. O. T." ad loc.).
Date of composition.
Because the unity of the passage is questionable, it's very difficult to determine an exact date of composition. The first to dispute its unity was Ernest Renan ("Histoire Générale des Langues Sémitiques", p. iii.); and the conjecture that the song consists of sayings originating in different periods gains more and more credence (J. P. N. Land, "Disputatio de Carmine Jacobi", 1857; Kuenen, Holzinger, and others). The great variety of forms in the song supports this theory: while the language of one part is smooth and clear, another part is obscure. The determination of the correctness of this theory involves an investigation of the age of each verse; and in several instances this can not be ascertained, since the verses indicate nothing concerning the time of their origin (see verses on Zebulun, Gad, Asher, and Naphtali). The verses on Issachar refer to the period after the struggles of Deborah (Judges 5); the verses on Dan, describing his battles in the north, where in his conflicts with the surrounding nations he maintained the old Israelitish custom of making an insidious rear attack instead of offering a bold challenge, refer to the time after Judges chapters 17 and following; and the verses on Judah (8, 11) presuppose the kingdom of Judah. The comparison of Judah to a lion's whelp seems to characterize him as a rising power. This may apply to different periods, not necessarily to the time of David.
The verses on Joseph (22-27) allude to a defensive war, in which Joseph was successful. Since the text refers to archers, and the Arabs were excellent marksmen, August Dillmann thinks that the war was with the Arabs. But his conjecture is erroneous; for the conflicts with the Arabs were confined to the portion of Manasseh east of the Jordan, and the term "Joseph" designates the portion of the tribe of Joseph dwelling west of the Jordan. Since, moreover, the reference could not have been to the Philistines, by whom the tribe was occasionally subdued, the verse clearly alludes to the Arameans of Damascus, with whom the conflicts were of long duration, often threatening the safety of the tribe of Joseph -- that is, of the Northern Kingdom. Verse 24, however, bears no testimony of times following the glorious period of Jeroboam II; consequently the passage on Joseph points to the ninth century. Probably it was in the second half of this century, at all events before the conquests of Jeroboam, and evidently in the Southern Kingdom, that the collection of these pithy descriptions of the tribes was completed. If verses 25 and 26 are interpolations, this is the only interpretation which would also explain both the esteem felt for Judah, expressed in the passage on him, and the silence concerning the Benjamite kingdom and possibly even the Northern Kingdom.
Dillmann endeavored to arrive at the same conclusion by the supposed sequence in the enumeration of the minor tribes, proceeding from south to north. But this supposition is not tenable; for the very first tribe mentioned is the most northerly, and, furthermore, the sequence is broken by Gad. However, even if there were an exact geographical succession of tribes from south to north, it would prove nothing concerning the home of the collector of the passages, since the same order would have been natural for an Ephraimite (compare Holzinger "ad loc.").
Zimmern's attempt (in "Zeit. für Assyriologie," 1892, pp. 161 "et seq.") to connect Jacob's blessing with the Babylonian representation of the zodiac, specifically with the Gilgamesh epic, can not be regarded as successful. Ball has given some important and well-founded arguments against this theory (Commentary on Genesis in "S. B. O. T." pp. 114 "et seq."). Zimmern himself does not assume that the poet or collector of the song was aware of the original significance of each passage.
Historically, Jacob's blessing is of the greatest value, both because it is the only source of information for certain of the tribes in ancient times, and because it is an aid in rendering the sources (for example, ) more intelligible.
References.
See, besides the commentaries on Genesis of Dillmann, Merx, Knobel, Delitzsch, Holzinger, Ball, and Gunkel: 

</doc>
<doc id="2906797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906797" title="Glomera">
Glomera

Glomera is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae), with more than 130 species. They are native to Laos, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea and Melanesia.
The genera Ischnocentrum Schltr. and Sepalosiphon Schltr. are synonyms of this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="2906802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906802" title="Desi Williams">
Desi Williams

Desi Williams is a rugby league player born in London, England. He started his career at London Skolars before being signed by Wigan Warriors and playing in the successful Youth Academy at Wigan in which he was a regular player, normally starting on the Wing.
Desi was taken to Sydney, Australia to play in the successful England U18s team that defeated the Australian Under 18's side. He was given his chance in the first team at Wigan Warriors in 2004. After a decent first game he was criticised for his bad performance a week later against Castleford Tigers in which he dropped numerous high balls in dangerous territory and was subsequently dropped the week later.
Desi never made another first team appearance for Wigan again under Ian Millward despite some successful appearances in the Under 21's. He eventually left the Wigan outfit to try his luck at National League One side Hull KR. Desi made a handful of appearances for the Robins before being loaned out to National League One strugglers Oldham Roughyeds but was unable to stop the Roughyeds from avoiding the drop from the National League One this season.

</doc>
<doc id="2906803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906803" title="King's College, Taunton">
King's College, Taunton

King's College is a coeducational, secondary day and boarding school in Taunton, Somerset, England. It is an independent school of 450 pupils aged 13 to 18, including about 300 boarders. Its affiliated prep school is King's Hall School. The head of the school is currently Richard Biggs, who started his first academic year in the winter of 2007.
History.
King's College Taunton was founded in 1880. The building was designed by C.E. Giles and built between 1867 and 1869. A new chapel followed in 1903 designed by W. E. Tower. It has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
Benjamin Disraeli stood for MP in Taunton, and many of his early political appearances took place on what is currently the school's 1st XI cricket pitch. After the Italian invasion of Ethiopia in 1936, Emperor Haile Selassie I fled in exile to Bath. During his stay in the UK many of his younger children went to King's College, and the Emperor himself distributed the awards at the end of every academic year. The school purchased pyrland Hall in the 1950s which now houses the King's Hall School co-educational prep school. Many of the boarding houses still hold trophies related to now defunct activities on which is it inscribed that that particular prize was handed out by Haile Selassie. A portrait of the emperor once hung in the main school building. Before the General Election in 1964, the Prime Minister, Sir Alec Douglas-Home, addressed a public meeting at the school.
The School became co-educational in the very early 1970s (in that it admitted females into the Sixth Form). It currently has seven boarding houses: Bishop Fox, King Alfred, Woodard (After Nathaniel Woodard) Tuckwell (after William Tuckwell, Meynell, Taylor and Carpenter. All these houses, plus Neates, which no longer exists, were male boarding houses until the early 1990s, when Meynell converted to become the first all female boarding house. Taylor house was later founded as a female boarding house. Carpenter became a female boarding house in the mid-1990s. Until the conversion to full coeducational status, Sixth Form girls were assigned to one of the male boarding houses but lived in separate accommodation.
The transition to full coeducational status caused some controversy amongst the male students at the time, particularly amongst those in the boarding houses that were becoming female boarding houses. Students, who had developed a bond to their boarding houses over a number of years, were moved to other houses and many who went through the transition still consider their 'first' house to be their only house. In July 2006, two members of staff accompanied a small group of pupils who had recently left the school on a charity trip to India to construct a house for an Indian family.
In 2007, the school choir took part in a choral competition on the BBC programme "Songs of Praise" and came first, and in the same year the senior rugby team were victorious in The National Schools 7's. The school chapel is the venue for an annual concert by the Somerset chamber choir.
Notable students.
Former students of King's College, Taunton are referred to as 'Old Aluredians'.

</doc>
<doc id="2906805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906805" title="Technology strategy">
Technology strategy

Technology strategy (Information Technology strategy or IT strategy) is the overall plan which consist of objective(s), principles and tactics relating to use of the technologies within a particular organization. Such strategies primarily focus on the technologies themselves and in some cases the people who directly manage those technologies. The strategy can be implied from the organization's behaviors towards technology decisions, and may be written down in a document.
Other generations of technology-related strategies primarily focus on: the efficiency of the company's spending on technology; how people, for example the organization's customers and employees, exploit technologies in ways that create value for the organization; on the full integration of technology-related decisions with the company's strategies and operating plans, such that no separate technology strategy exists other than the de facto strategic principle that the organization does not need or have a discreet 'technology strategy'.
A technology strategy has traditionally been expressed in a document that explains how technology should be utilized as part of an organization's overall corporate strategy and each business strategy. In the case of IT, the strategy is usually formulated by a group of representatives from both the business and from IT. Often the Information Technology Strategy is led by an organization's Chief Technology Officer (CTO) or equivalent. Accountability varies for an organization's strategies for other classes of technology. Although many companies write an overall business plan each year, a technology strategy may cover developments somewhere between 3 and 5 years into the future.
The United States identified the need to implement a technology strategy in order to restore the country's competitive edge. In 1983 Project Socrates, a US Defense Intelligence Agency program, was established to develop a national technology strategy policy.
Business-Technology Alignment.
Primary objective of designing Technology Strategy is to make sure that the Business Strategy can be realized through Technology and Technology Investments are aligned to Business. There are frameworks (E.g. ASSIMPLER) to study current and future Business Strategy, assess Business-IT alignment on various parameters, identify gaps,and define Technology Roadmaps and Budgets.
Technology Strategy facilitates the attainment of a company's vision through alignment of its information technology strategy with its business strategy.
The important components of information tech-strategy is information technology and strategic planning working together.
Meta Model of (IT) technology strategy.
Aligned with SOA approach, Sophisticated IT strategy is composed of IT Capability Model (ITCM) and IT Operating Model (IT-OM) as proposed by Haloedscape IT Strategy Model. 
Framework of (IT) technology strategy.
Process of IT Strategy is simplified with framework constituted of IT Service Management (ITIL), Enterprise Architecture Development (TOGAF) and Governance (COBIT). IT Strategy is modeled as vertical IT service applied to and supported by each horizontal layers of SOA architecture. For details, refer Haloedscape IT Strategy Framework.
Typical structure of a (IT) technology strategy.
The following are typically sections of a technology strategy:
Audience.
A technology strategy document is usually designed to be read by non-technical stakeholders involved in business planning within an organization. It should be free of technical jargon and information technology acronyms.
The IT strategy should also be presented to or read by internal IT staff members. Many organizations circulate prior year versions to internal IT staff members for feedback before new annual IT strategy plans are created.
One critical integration point is the interface with an organization's marketing plan. The marketing plan frequently requires the support of a web site to create an appropriate on-line presence. Large organizations frequently have complex web site requirements such as web content management.
Presentation.
The CIO, CTO or IT manager frequently creates a high-level overview presentation designed to be presented to stakeholders. Many experienced managers try to summarize the strategy in 5-7 slides and present the plan in under 30 minutes to a board of directors.
It is also common to produce a professionally bound booklet version of the strategy - something physical that IT teams can refer to, rather than the more disposable presentation slides.
Relationship between strategy and enterprise technology architecture.
A technology strategy document typically refers to but does not duplicate an overall enterprise architecture. The technology strategy may refer to:
Freeware.
MappIT is a free tool (only for 30 runs of the program) used to map and analyze IT Strategic assets (systems, business processes, infrastructure, people, skills, roles, organization, spending...) and their lifecycle. It was launched in its first version in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2906806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906806" title="Gülten Akın">
Gülten Akın

Gülten Akın (born 1933) is a Turkish poet. Her poetry is considered culturally significant to Turkey.
She was born in 1933 in Yozgat, Turkey. She attended Beşiktaş Atatürk Anatolian High School and graduated from Ankara University Law School in 1955. She married her husband Yaşar Cankoçak in 1956, with whom she had five children. Because of her husband's position as the governor of various provincial districts in Turkey, she moved around several provinces of Turkey, working as a lawyer, assistant lawyer, and teacher in many of them. In 1972, Akın and her family settled in Ankara, where she worked at the Turkish Language Association, the regulatory body of the Turkish language, and became a member of the Editorial Team at the Ministry of Culture. She worked for the reestablishment of free and democratic non-governmental organizations. She served as a founder and/or manager at several such Turkish organizations, such as the Human Rights Association, Halkevleri (community centers), and the Language Association (Dil Derneği).
Akın's first published poem appeared in the newspaper Son Haber in 1951. She subsequently appeared in several magazines, such as , Varlık, , Turk Dili, and Mülkiye. While her early poems were about nature, love, separation, and yearning, her later poems were dominated by social issues.
Her poems are inspired by a great deal by folklore. In the compilation book of her analytical writings on poetry, ""Şiiri Düzde Kuşatmak"", Akın expressed her desire to get down to the level of the general populace in her poems, saying that she wanted to "put into words and writing the already-existing essence and form that exists among the people, and while promoting the poem, promoting the improvement of the lives and lifestyles of the people." Her poems have been translated into many languages, and more than 40 of her poems have been composed into songs. One of these songs is the 1993 "Deli Kızın Türküsü" (English: "Crazy Girl's Ballad") by Sezen Aksu, which was also the title of the album it appeared on.
Akın has also written short plays.
Milliyet has named her the most influential Turkish poet since Fazıl Hüsnü Dağlarca.
Awards.
Akın has received many awards; some of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="2906808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906808" title="Allison Barber">
Allison Barber

Allison Barber, Ph.D. is the Chancellor of Western Governors University Indiana. She previously served as president of Sodenta, was an adjunct at Georgetown University, and was the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Internal Communications in the United States Department of Defense from 2003 to 2008.
Barber serves on the board of the Elizabeth Dole Foundation, Techpoint, the Fellowship of Christian Athletes Golf Ministries, and the Pentagon Federal Credit Union Foundation. She was named Nonprofit Communicator of the Year by PR News, as well as a "Woman of Influence" by the "Indianapolis Business Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="2906813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906813" title="Nicholas Henderson">
Nicholas Henderson

Sir (John) Nicholas Henderson, (1 April 191916 March 2009) was a distinguished British career diplomat and writer, who served as British Ambassador to the United States from 1979 to 1982.
Life and career.
Educated at Stowe School and Hertford College, Oxford, he joined the British Diplomatic Service in 1946 and rose to become Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary in 1963. Subsequently he served as British Ambassador to Poland, Germany and France. He retired in 1979 but, on the election of Margaret Thatcher as Prime Minister in May of that year, she invited him to return to service as Ambassador to Washington, where he served until 1982. Mrs Thatcher had first asked Edward Heath to take up the post, but he had refused the offer.
Upon retiring (as he thought) from the foreign service in 1979 when relinquishing his post in Paris, he wrote a final dispatch titled "Britain's decline; its causes and consequences". The Economist magazine obtained a copy and printed it in the same year stating "The despatch does not, needless to say, reach us from him and was presumably written for very limited circulation. But it is so unusually forthright and timely, particularly in its middle and concluding passages on British policy in Europe, under governments of every stripe, as to merit publication virtually in full." 
Henderson was enormously popular in Washington, and he and his wife Mary formed a close personal friendship with President Ronald Reagan at a crucial time in the latter's presidency, oiling the special friendship which developed between Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.
In retirement, Henderson wrote several books on history, and an account of his career as a diplomat, "Mandarin". He held directorships of several major British companies, including the Channel Tunnel Group, Sotheby's, and Hambros. He also had close ties with the Prince of Wales, serving as Lord Warden of the Stannaries and Chairman of the Prince's Council (the body which oversees the Duchy of Cornwall) after retiring from the Diplomatic Service. He was appointed KCVO for this service to the Crown. He gave the Romanes Lecture in Oxford in 1986.
His father was Sir Hubert Henderson, a prominent political economist and holder of the Drummond Professor of Political Economy seat at Oxford University. His mother was Faith Marion Jane Bagenal.
In 1951, Henderson married Mary Barber (née Cawadias), a Greek-born former war correspondent for Time-Life. She died in 2004. Their only child, Alexandra Nicolette, married the photographer Derry Moore, now the 12th Earl of Drogheda. As Alexandra Henderson, she has followed a career as a television and radio producer specialising in current affairs.
He was generally known as "Nicko (sp. "Nico" in Lady Thatcher's memoirs) Henderson" in private life.
In popular culture.
Henderson was portrayed by Jeremy Clyde in the 2002 BBC production of Ian Curteis's controversial "The Falklands Play".

</doc>
<doc id="2906814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906814" title="Oleg Lundstrem">
Oleg Lundstrem

Oleg Leonidovich Lundstrem (also spelled Lundstroem, Lundström, ; April 2, 1916, Chita—October 14, 2005, near Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian jazz composer and conductor of the Oleg Lundstrem Orchestra, one of the earliest officially recognized jazz bands in the Soviet Union (full official name: The State Oleg Lundstrem Chamber Orchestra of Jazz Music, ; currently, Oleg Lundstrem Memorial State Jazz Orchestra, ).
Lundstrem was born to a family of musicians in Chita, Transbaikal Oblast. His family moved to Harbin, China when he was five. In 1935, inspired by Duke Ellington's "Dear Old Southland" record which he occasionally purchased in Harbin for a private party, Lundstrem joined forces with eight other young Russian amateur musicians and formed the Oleg Lundstrem Orchestra. In 1936, the band moved to Shanghai, where they immediately became popular among the public. Until 1947, the band was an important part of Shanghai jazz scene, along with Buck Clayton Orchestra.
After World War II, in 1947, Lundstrem returned to the Soviet Union and settled in Kazan, where he worked as a violinist in the opera and ballet theatre, while keeping his jazz orchestra as a side act. In 1956, the Oleg Lundstrem Orchestra moved to Moscow; Lundstrem was appointed by the Soviet cultural authorities as the orchestra's art director and conductor.
In 1994, the Guinness Book of Records recognized the Lundstrem band as the oldest continuously existing jazz band in the world. In 1998, he was awarded the Russian Federation State Award. He died at the age of 89 from natural causes at his home in the village of Valentinovka, Moscow suburbs, and was buried at the cemetery of the Obraztsovo village, Moscow suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="2906829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906829" title="Pencil (mathematics)">
Pencil (mathematics)

A pencil in projective geometry is a family of geometric objects with a common property, for example the set of lines that pass through a given point in a projective plane.
More generally, a pencil is the special case of a linear system of divisors in which the parameter space is a projective line. Typical pencils of curves in the projective plane, for example, are written as 
where
are plane curves. 
A pencil of planes, the family of planes through a given straight line, is sometimes referred to as a fan.

</doc>
<doc id="2906830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906830" title="Sean Gleeson (rugby league)">
Sean Gleeson (rugby league)

Sean Gleeson (born in Wigan) is a former rugby league footballer playing at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for the Wigan Warriors, Widnes Vikings (loan), Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Salford City Reds, in the Super League, as a , , i.e. number 1, 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4. He is the cousin of Great Britain star Martin Gleeson. 
He came in to the Wigan side due to injury and was then loaned out to Widnes Vikings.
Gleeson was named in the Ireland squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
It was announced on 11 June 2012 that Sean Gleeson will move to Hull KR for the 2013 season. On 8 January 2013 it emerged that his start to the season might be delayed due to a back injury sustained in training.
In March 2014, Gleeson was taken to hospital with a serious eye injury after being assaulted outside a nightclub in his hometown. On 2 June 2014 he announced that he was to quit Rugby League at the age of 26 due to the injury.

</doc>
<doc id="2906832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906832" title="Western Hills High School (Frankfort, Kentucky)">
Western Hills High School (Frankfort, Kentucky)

Western Hills High School is a secondary school located at 100 Doctors Drive in Frankfort, Kentucky. It is the more recently constructed of the two high schools in the Franklin County Public Schools district, having opened to students in 1981. The first student body selected the Warrior as the mascot, as the feeding middle school's mascot is the Brave. However, that majority vote was overruled during that vote by the school's future first principal and the Wolverine became the mascot. There is a strong rivalry with Franklin County High School, the older school in the district. 
Notable Graduates
Feeder Pattern.
Bondurant Middle School is the only middle school that feeds into Western Hills. The following elementary schools feed Bondurant (and thus, Western Hills):
Academics.
WHHS offers three diploma choices for students: Enrichment, Academic, and Commonwealth Diplomas. The Enrichment Diploma requires 15.5 core units and 11.5 elective units. The Academic option requires 18.5 core units and 10.5 elective units. Finally, the Commonwealth Diploma is considered "strong college preparatory curriculum" and includes 22 units as well as the completion of four Advanced Placement courses with a C or better. Students are graded on a 4-point GPA scale.
Principal.
The new principal is Rita Rector.

</doc>
<doc id="2906847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906847" title="List of Mexican magazines">
List of Mexican magazines

List of Mexican magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="2906848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906848" title="Holy Blossom Temple">
Holy Blossom Temple

The Holy Blossom Temple is a Reform synagogue located at 1950 Bathurst Street in Toronto, Canada. It is the oldest Jewish congregation in Toronto. Founded in 1856, it has more than 7,000 members. W. Gunther Plaut, who died on 8 February 2012 at the age of 99, was a long time Senior Rabbi for this synagogue. Notable members and supporters include Heather Reisman and Gerald Schwartz who made donations to create the Gerald Schwartz/Heather Reisman Centre for Jewish Learning at Holy Blossom Temple.
History.
Holy Blossom Temple was the merger of two congregations. The Toronto Hebrew Congregation was formed in 1849 by members from Germany (including Bavaria, Bohemia, and Alsace), Great Britain, the United States, Russia, Galicia, and Lithuania. The Congregation conducted services in members' homes and founded the Pape Avenue Cemetery, Toronto's first Jewish cemetery. The congregation was known as the Daytshishe Shul because of its modern services. In 1856, Lewis Samuel, a Jewish immigrant from York, England arrived in Toronto along with 17 Jewish families from England and Europe and helped them organize the Sons of Israel Congregation. In 1858, the two congregations merged to form the Toronto Hebrew Congregation-Holy Blossom Temple. The Ontario Heritage Foundation lists Holy Blossom as the first Jewish congregation in Canada, west of the Ontario/Quebec border. The first Holy Blossom Synagogue (1897) of Toronto was a new Judeo-Egyptian style templelike building with a front of cut stone, and adorned with a portico with two columns combining intricately detailed stone craftsmanship with Byzantine influences. 
For the first 20 years of the Temple's existence, services, conducted in the traditional Orthodox manner, were held in a rented room over Coombe's Drugstore on the southeast corner of Yonge and Richmond streets. In 1876, the congregation built its first synagogue a block east to Victoria and Richmond Street.
By the 1890s, the congregation had outgrown the Richmond Street Synagogue and made plans for a new one. The dedication of the Bond Street Synagogue on September 15, 1897 attracted much media attention. By that time, Temple membership had grown to 119 families.
During the latter part of the 19th century, changes began to be introduced to ritual and the way services were conducted. Music was introduced and mixed seating allowed. In 1920, Holy Blossom invited Rabbi Barnett R. Brickner, ordained at the Hebrew Union College, to be its rabbi and made application to affiliate with the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, now known as the Union for Reform Judaism (URJ), the Reform movement's umbrella organization.
While the sanctuary of the Bond Street Synagogue was indeed beautiful, space for the growing religious school and social programs was severely lacking. By the 1930s, the congregation recognized that the time had come to move again. At the height of the depression, with a membership of just over 250 families, enough money was raised to buy the land and to build a sanctuary at a location on the then outer edge of the city. While most of Toronto's Jewish population, immigrant, mostly eastern European, poor and working class, were still located south of Bloor Street, particularly in the area between Yonge Street and Ossington Avenue (in particular The Ward, Kensington Market, Spadina Avenue and Bathurst Street), almost two-thirds of Holy Blossom's more established, affluent congregants, many of whom were second or third generation immigrants and hailing from western Europe, lived north of St. Clair Avenue. 
Holy Blossom Temple was designed in the Romanesque Revival style in synagogue architecture by architects Chapman and Oxley with Maurice Dalvin Klein. Construction began in 1937 and was completed the next year. Holy Blossom Temple was dedicated on May 20, 1938. The structure's reinforced concrete frame permitted an interior uninterrupted by structural columns. Using concrete and other modern building materials, the building features a campus-like planning of the institution and includes a parking lot. Holy Blossom Temple is a rare example of a building built with a concrete facade before World War II, which is significant given the rise in subsequent decades of architectural styles which emphasized concrete facades, like Brutalism.
The location was fortuitous as, in the years following World War II, the bulk of Toronto's Jewish community migrated north along Bathurst Street and the Forest Hill neighbourhood in which the current structure is situated became a vital Jewish area. 
The former synagogue on Bond Street was sold to the city's Greek Orthodox parish and is now Saint George's Greek Orthodox Church and serves as the "mother church" for the Greek Orthodox diaspora in Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2906850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906850" title="RCAF Station Centralia">
RCAF Station Centralia

RCAF Station Centralia was a Royal Canadian Air Force training base located just outside the village of Centralia near Exeter, Ontario, Canada. It became one of the largest training stations in Canada.
Flying schools were established across Canada as part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan during World War II. Centralia was the location for No. 9 Service Flying Training School (SFTS). Service Flying Training Schools provided advanced training to pilots who had graduated from Elementary Flying Training Schools (EFTSs). Trainee pilots flew the Avro Anson and North American Harvard. No. 9 SFTS had moved to Centralia from RCAF Station Summerside, Prince Edward Island, in July 1942. Relief landing fields for Centralia were located at Grand Bend and St. Joseph.
No. 9 SFTS ceased operation in June 1945 and was replaced by No. 1 Aircrew Conditioning Unit (ACU). ACUs trained service personnel for operations in the war's Pacific theatre. When No. 1 ACU was closed after the war, the RCAF formed No. 1 Flying Training School (No. 1 FTS) which used Ansons and Harvards. The first, and last flying course was in January 1946. The course lasted for three weeks before it was cancelled.
Because of increasing tensions between the Soviet Bloc and the West, defence expenditures were increased and the Canadian forces were strengthened. Centralia, along with a number of other stations, underwent major rehabilitation to better accommodate aircrew training.
Centralia was reactivated in January 1947 to provide accommodation and training facilities for No. 1 Radar and Communications School (No. 1 R&CS) that was based in nearby RCAF Station Clinton. No. 1 Instrument Flying School (IFS) was relocated to Centralia from RCAF Station Trenton in the spring of 1947. This school gave students an opportunity to obtain their instrument rating qualifications. The Expeditor was the aircraft used for this training. In 1956, No. 1 IFS moved to RCAF Station Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
RCAF Station Centralia became the aerodrome's official designation in September 1947 and No. 1 Flying Training School was reactivated. Students participating in this school flew Harvards. No. 1 FTS was one of Canada's contributions to the training of foreign airmen for a new multinational force. The last FTS course was completed in March 1957 and No. 1 Flying Training School was deactivated and merged with the Advanced Flying School at Saskatoon. The Harvards used for FTS training were transferred to western flying training schools.
In April 1948, the RCAF's School of Flying Control was formed at Centralia. The school trained Flying Control Officers and Aircraft Control Assistants for deployment in control towers and operations rooms in RCAF stations. In May, a flying detachment for the No. 1 Air Radio Officers School based at RCAF Station Clinton was established.
Centralia was actively involved with the NATO Air Training Plan. The NATO Training & Induction School, originally located at RCAF Station London, re-located to RCAF Station Centralia in 1954. The school's purpose was to inform personnel about various aspects of working with NATO. In October 1954, the Pre-Flight School was formed at Centralia. This school provided ground instruction to students before they began flight training. In 1956 Centralia began hosting the Primary Flying Training School using the Chipmunk. Graduate pilots were sent to western Canada for more advanced training on Harvards.
No.2 Personnel Selection Unit (PSU), which was responsible for officer selection for air crew, moved to Centralia from RCAF Station London in 1958.
In the late 1960s, the Canadian military was reorganized and eventually unified. The reorganization resulted in many military bases being closed, including Centralia, which closed in July 1966. Functions provided by Centralia were moved to various other stations.
Today the airport still operates as Centralia/James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome. Most of the former RCAF buildings remain. The site is now known as the Huron Industrial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2906853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906853" title="Blessing of Moses">
Blessing of Moses

The Blessing of Moses is the name sometimes given to a poem that appears in Deuteronomy . The poem presents an opinion of the merits and attributes of each of the Tribes of Israel, and so can be compared with the Blessing of Jacob, which has the same theme. However, there is very little in common between the poems, except for describing one of the tribes as a judge, and another as a 'lion's whelp', though in the Blessing of Moses it is Gad that is the judge and Dan the whelp, whereas in the other poem it is Dan that is the judge and Judah the whelp. Also, unlike the Blessing of Jacob, that of Moses is positive towards all the mentioned tribes.
According to the modern documentary hypothesis the poem was an originally separate text, that was inserted by the Deuteronomist into the second edition (of two) of the text which became Deuteronomy (i.e. was an addition in 'Dtr2').
The poem notably does not describe Simeon, which may provide a date for the composition of the poem, as Simeon are believed to have gradually lost their tribal identity, since its traditional territory was wholly within that of Judah. The poem also only mentions each tribe briefly, except for the tribes of Joseph and Levi, which may indicate both that the poem originated within the Levite priesthood, within the territory of the Joseph tribes, or more generally the northern kingdom of Israel where Ephraim, part of the Joseph tribe, was the most prominent.
It is difficult to establish the connection of the blessing of Moses with that of Jacob. Most authorities maintain that the former depended directly upon the latter; and their chief argument is based on the passage on Joseph, part of which is contained also in Jacob's blessing. But there can hardly be a doubt that the passage on Joseph in Jacob's blessing was amplified from the material contained in the blessing of Moses. Otherwise a similar argument might be based upon the same arrangement in each blessing of the tribes of Zebulun and Issachar, and upon other points of agreement which, however, indicate a similarity of the matter rather than any direct connection. At all events, there are striking differences between the two blessings.
Dubious verses.
The blessing of Moses, like Jacob's blessing, contains only a few benedictions, most of the verses describing the condition of the tribes at the time of the author. Like the text of Jacob's blessing, the text of these verses is not intact: the beginning (verses 2 and 3) has suffered much mutilation; and even with the help of the versions it is impossible to fill the gap. Perhaps the introduction and the conclusion were not written by the author of the blessing itself. Steuernagel, in his commentary on Deuteronomy, points out that the transition from verse 5 to verse 6 and from verse 25 to verse 26 is very abrupt, and that the contents of the introduction and the conclusion are of an entirely different nature from that of the other verses. Verses 26 "et seq." seem to connect with verse 5; and the assumption is natural that the benedictory verses were later insertions. Verses 9 and 10 presumably were also the work of a later author.
Probable Date of Origin.
However that may be, it is certain that the blessing of Moses is of later date than the kernel of Jacob's blessing. While in the latter Simeon and Levi (compare Genesis 34) are censured on account of their sin and are threatened with dispersion in Israel (Gen. 44:5-7), the blessing of Moses does not mention Simeon at all; and in it Levi appears as the tribe of priests, although not yet assured of the sacerdotal office, nor respected for holding it. Rather he meets with persecutions, and these probably from the persons who dispute his right to the priesthood (Deuteronomy 33:8ff). While in Jacob's blessing Reuben is threatened with the loss of his birthright, the wish is expressed in the other blessing: "May Reuben live, and not die; and may not his men be few." This is a clear indication that Reuben before this time had sunk into a state of absolute insignificance. And while again the passage on Joseph in the one designates a period in which this tribe successfully defended itself against its enemies, the corresponding passage in the other (Gen. 49:22ff) points to a time when Ephraim maintained his power undiminished and defeated his enemies on all sides: "His [Joseph's] glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth" (Deut. 33:17). This verse certainly refers to a later time than the Syrian wars under Ahab. It more probably refers to the time of Jeroboam II, who was more successful than any of his predecessors in defeating Israel's enemies. It is likely that the passage on Gad alludes to the same period, in which this tribe successfully withstood the Syrians.
August Dillmann's statement (in his "Commentary on Numbers and Deuteronomy", p. 415) that the blessing of Judah points to the period immediately after the separation of the two kingdoms is hardly correct. He bases his opinion on the fact that the praise of Levi and Benjamin, together with what is said about Judah and Joseph, could apply only to this period. Steuernagel suggests that the allusion might be to the victory of the Edomites (II Kings 14:7), which perhaps put a stop to the distress caused Judah by Edom. Perhaps, also, the allusion might be to the situation described in II Kings 12:18ff. At all events, without stretching a point, such passages as those on Benjamin and Levi may be assumed to refer to the beginning of the eighth century BC, and the passage on Joseph hardly presupposes the period of Jeroboam I. Hence Reuss ("Geschichte der Heiligen Schriften des Alten Testaments", p. 213), Cornill ("Einleitung in das Alte Testament," p. 72), and others are justified in considering the blessing of Moses to have originated in the eighth century BC. In any case, none of the verses indicates the authorship of Moses; this tradition is not implied in any feature of the blessing itself, and is merely referred to in the introductory and closing verses (31:30, 32:44a), which are intended to furnish a setting to the poem and to establish the connection between its various sections.

</doc>
<doc id="2906858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906858" title="Hexisea">
Hexisea

Hexisea is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). The genera Costaricaea Schltr. and Euothonaea Rchb.f. are synonyms of "Hexisea". This genus is abbreviated Hxsa in trade journals.
Synonymy.
At the urging of Dressler, "Hexisea" has been reduced to synonoymy under "Scaphyglottis", over which "Hexisea" has priority. The "Hexisea" page is conserved here because Dressler's proposal stated, in part: "...those who so wish may retain "Hexisea" in any circumscription that excludes "S.  graminifolia" (the type of "Scaphyglottis;" see Dressler in Taxon 9:214. 1960)..."

</doc>
<doc id="2906866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906866" title="Semantic change">
Semantic change

Semantic change (also semantic shift, semantic progression or semantic drift) is the evolution of word usage — usually to the point that the modern meaning is radically different from the original usage. In diachronic (or historical) linguistics, semantic change is a change in one of the meanings of a word. Every word has a variety of senses and connotations, which can be added, removed, or altered over time, often to the extent that cognates across space and time have very different meanings. The study of semantic change can be seen as part of etymology, onomasiology, semasiology, and semantics.
Types of semantic change.
A number of classification schemes have been suggested for semantic change. The most widely accepted scheme in the English-speaking academic world is from :
However, the categorization of has gained increasing acceptance:
Blank considers it problematic, though, to include amelioration and pejoration of meaning as well as strengthening and weakening of meaning. According to Blank, these are not objectively classifiable phenomena; moreover, Blank has shown that all of the examples listed under these headings can be grouped into the other phenomena.
Forces triggering semantic change.
Blank has tried to create a complete list of motivations for semantic change. They can be summarized as:
This list has been revised and slightly enlarged by :
Practical studies.
Apart from many individual studies, etymological dictionaries are prominent reference books for finding out about semantic changes. The internet platform "Onomasiology Online" shows a bibliography of etymological dictionaries of languages worldwide.
Theoretical studies.
Recent overviews have been presented by Blank and . Semantic change had attracted academic discussions already in ancient times. The first major works of modern times were , , , , , and Stephen Ullmann. Studies beyond the analysis of single words have been started with the word-field analyses of , who claimed that every semantic change of a word would also affect all other words in a lexical field. His approach was later refined by . introduced Generative semantics. More recent works including pragmatic and cognitive theories are those in , Dirk Geeraerts, and .
As stated above, the most currently used typologies are those by and shown above. Other typologies are listed below.
Typology by Reisig (1839).
Reisig's ideas for a classification were published posthumously. He resorts to classical rhetorics and distinguishes between
Typology by Darmesteter (1887).
The last two are defined as change between whole and part, which would today be rendered as "synecdoche".
Typology by Stern (1931).
This classification does not neatly distinguish between processes and forces/causes of semantic change.
Typology by Ullmann (1957, 1962).
Ullmann distinguishes between nature and consequences of semantic change:

</doc>
<doc id="2906867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906867" title="Ferenc Farkas">
Ferenc Farkas

Ferenc Farkas (15 December 1905, in Nagykanizsa – 10 October 2000, in Budapest) was a Hungarian composer.
Biography.
Born into a musical family (his father, who was an officer in the imperial army, played the cimbalom and his mother played the piano) Ferenc Farkas began his musical studies in Budapest, at the Protestant Gymnasium (Grammar School) and later attended the Music Academy, where he studied composition with Leó Weiner and Albert Siklós. After his graduation in 1927, he worked as a repetiteur and conductor at the Municipal Theatre of Budapest and collaborated with the Diaghilev Ballet. From 1929 to 1931, he attended Ottorino Respighi's masterclass at the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome. The years he spent in Rome had a decisive influence on him. He became acquainted with Italian and Mediterranean culture to which he felt a deep attraction. About this he said: "My principal aim has always been to attain for myself a latin clarity and proportion.".
Farkas returned to Budapest in the autumn of 1931. As he could not find any other assignments, he played the piano in various theatre orchestras. In 1932 he met the director Paul Fejos for whom he composed several film scores, first in Hungary, then in Vienna and Copenhagen. This collaboration was to be for Farkas the beginning of an impressive series of “applied” music (music for around 75 films and 44 theatre plays and radio plays).
In the spring of 1934 he conducted research of his own into traditional Hungarian music by collecting folk songs in Somogy County: "When I got back from my travels abroad, it became clear to me that the work and research of Bartók and Kodály raised crucial problems that we as Hungarians, had to resolve ourselves. ".
From 1935 he taught at the Budapest City Music School. From 1941 to 1944 he was professor of composition and director at the Conservatory of Kolozsvàr (today Cluj-Napoca in Romania) and he conducted the city's Opera Chorus. At the end of 1944, because of the war, he had to go back to Hungary. During the siege of Budapest, he worked as the deputy conductor of the Opera Chorus. In 1946, he was sent to Székesfehérvár where he founded and managed the Conservatory. He was nominated professor of composition at the Franz Liszt Music Academy of Budapest in 1949, a post he held until his retirement in 1975. As a professor he was to have his greatest influence in the second half of the century. Among his students were: György Kurtág, György Ligeti, Emil Petrovics Attila Bozay Zsolt Durko, Zoltán Jeney, Miklós Kocsár, Sándor Szokolay and Lajos Vass.
Style.
The three components of Farkas's very personal musical language are Italian neoclassicism, Hungarian folk music and twelve-tone serialism. His style is characterized by melodic invention, clear forms, a sense of colour and proportion, and lively and spontaneous rhythm.
"Sándor Jemnitz, the only Hungarian pupil of Schoenberg, writes about one of my concerts: "... It is as if the lure of resistance aroused his creative instinct. His versatile mastery recalls the proficiency and skill that the artists of yesteryear put to the service of their high ranking commissioners, complying faithfully with their imposed requirements of genre and style. So what is the true face of Farkas's music? In his youth he chose Respighi as his master. That was not a coincidence but certainly the result of a particular attraction. Probably the gracious and ethereal charm of Latin music corresponded to his profound sensitivity…”. These flattering lines reflect rightly my attraction to Latin elegance. But my major objective is more wide-ranging: my principal aim has always tried to attain for myself a Latin clarity and proportion. I could make this other quotation, taken from Hemingway, my own: "I never put a sentence down on paper until I believe I have so expressed it that it will be clear to anyone". And then there comes the search for something which actually already exists and which just has to be discovered. Like the sculptor who just pulls out of the mass of marble the sculpture it already contains, I try, from the motif, to bring out the most obvious and natural melody line. I seek the form in which the material feels at its best. ".
Works.
"From the beginning, I have been involved in all areas of music ; I have not wanted to create only a small corner of a room, full of atmosphere, with a personal and sophisticated taste, but spaces, large and small, arranged differently, pleasant to live in, with open windows".
Farkas's works include over seven hundred opuses. He composed in all genres, opera, ballet, musicals and operettas, orchestral music, concertos, chamber music and sacred music. His wide literary culture enabled him to set words to music in 13 languages, stemmimg from about 130 writers and poets both ancient and modern.
Main works.
Most of the works mentioned below are accompanied by an external link referring to a single source: the official website of Ferenc Farkas (see "External Links") which provides a detailed description of the work and a musical extract.
Annexes.
Complete catalogue.
"Complete catalogue of works 2011". Complete catalogue of works by Ferenc Farkas developed by Andràs Farkas, the son of the composer. This catalogue includes many musical samples.
Repertoire by instrument.
"Repertoire by instrument" established from the complete catalogue of works by Andràs Farkas to facilitate the research. The listed instruments are: violin, viola, cello, bass, guitar, harp, dulcimer, flute, recorder, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, horn, Alphorn, trumpet, trombone, tuba, saxophone, tarogato, piano, harpsichord, organ, accordion.

</doc>
<doc id="2906879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906879" title="Air current">
Air current

Air currents can be caused by differences in temperature, pressure, or impurity concentration. Temperature differences can cause air currents because warmer air is less dense than cooler air, causing the warmer air to appear "lighter." Thus, if the warm air is under the cool air, air currents will form as they exchange places.

</doc>
<doc id="2906882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906882" title="List of Japanese artists">
List of Japanese artists

"This list is intended to encompass Japanese who are primarily fine artists. For information on those who work primarily in film, television, advertising, manga, anime, video games, or performance arts, please see the relevant respective articles."

</doc>
<doc id="2906894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906894" title="Danny Tickle">
Danny Tickle

Danny Tickle, (born 8 April 1983 in Golborne, Greater Manchester) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Hull of Super League. His usual position is in the .
Playing career.
Tickle has previously played for Halifax Blue Sox and Wigan Warriors.
Previously, he played three years for the Halifax club in Super League. Tickle signed for Wigan despite interest from other Super League sides, including St. Helens.
Tickle has played for the English national team against New Zealand at Brentford in November 2002, kicking 4 goals. He toured Fiji and Tonga with England A later that year. He made three appearances on the tour, scoring tries against Fiji and Tonga. He was later named in the 2003 England A squad to face Australia and in the European Nations Cup, scoring 54 points on the way to England's victory.
Tickle played for the Wigan Warriors at second-row forward, scoring a try in the 2003 Super League Grand Final which was lost to the Bradford Bulls.
He performed well enough to earn a new two-year contract in July 2004. The following season, Danny was outstanding in an injury-hit Warriors squad and picked up the Wigan Supporters' Association Player of the Season award.
Tickle was linked with a move to the Widnes Vikings for the 2013 season but nothing has come to light of this. However, it is well known that Tickle does plan to join them from the 2014 season onwards.
Tickle has always been known for his ability to wrap the ball up in a tackle due to his extraordinarily long arms.

</doc>
<doc id="2906895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906895" title="Isochilus">
Isochilus

Isochilus is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) with 13 recognized species. They are lowland epiphytes mainly found in Central America, from Cuba and Mexico to Argentina. 
Characteristics of this genus include slender canelike stems with narrow distichous flat leaves and small sessile tube flowers carried at the tip of the cane.

</doc>
<doc id="2906898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906898" title="Charles M. Floyd">
Charles M. Floyd

Charles Miller Floyd (June 5, 1861 – February 3, 1923) was an American merchant, and manufacturer, and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. Born in 1861 in Derry, New Hampshire and graduated from Pinkerton Academy, he served New Hampshire in the State Senate and on the Executive Council before being elected Governor in 1906. He defeated popular novelist Winston Churchill for the Republican nomination for Governor.
Floyd died in 1923 in Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="2906902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906902" title="Thomas Baines">
Thomas Baines

(John) Thomas Baines (27 November 1820 – 8 May 1875) was an English artist and explorer of British colonial southern Africa and Australia.
Life and work.
Born in King's Lynn, Norfolk, Baines was apprenticed to a coach painter at an early age. When he was 22 he left England for South Africa aboard the "Olivia" (captained by a family friend William Roome) and worked for a while in Cape Town as a scenic and portrait artist, and as official war artist during the so-called Eighth Frontier War for the British Army.
In 1855 Baines joined Augustus Gregory's 1855–1857 Royal Geographical Society sponsored expedition across northern Australia as official artist and storekeeper. The expedition's purpose was to explore the Victoria River district in the north-west and to evaluate the entire northern area of Australia in terms of its suitability for colonial settlement. His association with the North Australian Expedition was the highpoint of his career, and he was warmly commended for his contribution to it, to the extent that Mount Baines and the Baines River were named in his honour.
In 1858 Baines accompanied David Livingstone along the Zambezi, and was one of the first white men to view Victoria Falls. In 1869 Baines led one of the first gold prospecting expeditions to Mashonaland in what later became Rhodesia.
From 1861 to 1862 Baines and James Chapman undertook an expedition to South West Africa. Chapman's "Travels in the Interior of South Africa" (1868) and Baines' "Explorations in South-West Africa" (1864), provide a rare account of different perspectives on the same trip. This was the first expedition during which extensive use was made of both photography and painting, and in addition both men kept journals in which, amongst other things, they commented on their own and each other's practice.
Baines made some of the drawings for the engravings illustrating Alfred Russel Wallace's 1869 book "The Malay Archipelago".
In 1870 Baines was granted a concession to explore for gold between the Gweru and Hunyani rivers by Lobengula, leader of the Matabele nation. Thomas Baines died in Durban in 1875.
Baines is today best known for his detailed paintings and sketches which give a unique insight into colonial life in southern Africa and Australia. Many of his pictures are held by the National Library of Australia, National Archives of Zimbabwe, National Maritime Museum, Brenthurst Library and the Royal Geographical Society. There are also numerous paintings at the Castle of Good Hope in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="2906906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906906" title="Old Quebec">
Old Quebec

Old Québec () is a historic neighbourhood of Quebec City, the capital of the province of Quebec in Canada. Comprising the Upper Town () and Lower Town (), the area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Administratively, Old Quebec is part of the Vieux-Québec–Cap-Blanc–colline Parlementaire district in the borough of La Cité-Limoilou.
The area is sometimes referred to as the "Latin Quarter" (), but this title refers more to area around the Séminaire de Québec, the original site of Laval University.
Upper Town.
In 1608, Samuel de Champlain chose Upper Town as the site of the Saint-Louis Fort. Ever since it was founded, it has remained the military and administrative centre of the city which was determined by the strategic heights of the promontory. After the British Conquest, Upper Town was mostly populated by British government officials and Catholic clergy members while French and English merchants and artisans lived in Lower Town.
The strong military presence in this area has long limited its expansion. By the end of the 19th century, some wanted the city’s fortifications to be demolished as they were deemed unnecessary and they interfered with urban development. Lord Dufferin would successfully persuade officials to conserve the city’s fortified appearance by adapting it to meet the needs of a modern-day city.
The area was subjected to some deterioration during the 1950s but it since gained impetus in the 1970s. 
With its ramparts, citadel, century-old houses, historic sites and landmarks, Québec’s Upper Town has a rich heritage of several generations with beautiful, unique surroundings.
Most of the buildings date back to the 19th century with the construction of some dating as far back as the 17th and 18th centuries. The area has several commercial roads like Saint-Jean, Sainte-Anne and De Buade streets. Some public administration and other institutions found at the heart of the city include the Québec City Council, the Séminaire de Québec, the Ursulines Convent, and the Augustinian Monastery and l'Hôtel-Dieu de Québec. It also has a vast choice of accommodations including the famous Château Frontenac since Old Québec is among the most popular tourist destinations.
The area also has many well-maintained parks. Among some are the Esplanade, Artillerie, Des Gouverneurs and Montmorency parks along with the gardens of l’Hotel-de-Ville. People can also take advantage of the great view of the St. Lawrence River from place D'Youville and the Dufferin Terrace.
Lower Town.
Lower Town is a historic district located at the foot of Cap Diamant. In 1608, Samuel de Champlain built a habitation where its remains can be found with Place Royale as its centre. It was restored with the goal of reconstructing the French flair from its origins. Construction of the Notre-Dame-des-Victoires Church started in 1687 at this location and was completed in 1723.The Musée de la civilisation, the Musée naval de Québec, the caserne Dalhousie and the Théâtre Petit Champlain are among some of the museums, performance halls, theatres and exhibition venues in Lower Town.
Places such as the Louise Basin, Brown Basin, La –Pointe-à-Carcy, the Gare du Palais and the Marche du Vieux-Port can be seen from the Port of Québec.
Other places of interest include:
· Place de Paris,
· Parc Ulric-Joseph-Tessier,
· Saint-Pierre Street,
· Saint-Paul Street,
· Sault-au-Matelot Street and
· Saint-Vallier Est Street, previously called Saint-Charles Street, the first paved road in Quebec.
A funicular car allows for easy transportation up Cap Diamant connecting to Upper Town from the narrow Petit-Champlain road at the foot of the Cape to the top with a marvellous view of the city. Côte de la Montagne is another option for hikers.
The Historic District of Old Québec.
The Old Québec heritage site is located in Québec City although it is administratively recognized as a part of the La Cité-Limoilou Borough. It has gained recognition as a part of Quebec’s cultural heritage and is also among UNESCO’s World Heritage Sites.
History.
The district was established by the National Assembly of Quebec on July 10, 1963 after an amendment to the Historic Sites and Monuments Act. The protected perimeter of the area was delimited in two stages. The initial layout included the fortified area as well as its periphery. The second and final layout added other surrounding areas to the plan on May 6, 1964. The whole district covers a total area of 1.4 km².
As of December 3, 1985, UNESCO declared the Historic District of Old Québec a World Heritage Site.
Establishment.
The historic district was established following public debates from 1945 to 1965, concerning the preservation of Old Québec and the restoration of Place Royale.
In 1956, the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada was given the authority to acquire or expropriate any “site, building or other place of national historic interest or significance." 
Transportation.
Public transport.
The Réseau de transport de la Capitale (RTC) operates the Écolobus loop service within Old Quebec. The Écolobuses are 100% electric, non-polluting and very quiet. The buses are much smaller than the RTC's regular fleet, accommodating 10 seated and 10 standing passengers.
Rail.
Old Quebec is serviced by the Gare du Palais train and bus station. Built in 1915 by the Canadian Pacific Railway, the châteauesque station is similar in design to the Château Frontenac. Via Rail operates regular services to Montreal via Drummondville. The station is also serviced by the private coach company Orléans Express.
Air.
Old Québec is 16 km east of Quebec's Jean Lesage Airport.
Recognition.
In 1963, an area in the historic area of the city was named a "Declared Historic District" ()' by the province of Quebec, and was expanded the following year to an area of . It includes 1,400 buildings within the neighbourhood of La Cité, including the promonotary of Cap Diamant and a strip of band below the cliffs, between the Saint-Charles River and the Saint Lawrence River. In 1985, it was recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="2906914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906914" title="Juhani Kaskeala">
Juhani Kaskeala

Admiral Pauli Juhani Kaskeala (born 26 July 1946, Kuopio) is a senior Finnish admiral and was Chief of Defence of the Finnish Defence Forces from 2001 to August 1, 2009.
In 1982, Kaskeala was appointed as Third Aide-de-Camp to the President of the Republic, Mauno Koivisto, eventually serving as First Aide-de-Camp from 1987.
From 1989 to 1991, he was commander of a missile squadron in the Coastal Fleet. Kaskeala was then a military attaché in London, The Hague and Brussels between 1991 and 1994, before serving as principal secretary to the Defence Council 1994-1997, and as Commander of the Turku And Pori Military Province 1997-1998.
He served as Director General for Defence Policy at Finland's Ministry of Defence from 1998 to 2001, and was then the Finnish Military Representative to the EU and NATO in Brussels, before being appointed Chief of Defence on June 4, 2001.
Kaskeala resigned from the Finnish Ships' Officers' Association in 2005 after an incident involving a search by the government.
In 2006, Kaskeala was chosen as the most positive person of the year because of his work to improve Finland and its interest, while still showing a "positive attitude and bright character".

</doc>
<doc id="2906918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906918" title="David E. Rowe">
David E. Rowe

David E. Rowe (born 11 August 1950) studied mathematics and the history of science at the University of Oklahoma, and took a second doctorate in history at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York. He served as book review editor, managing editor, and editor of the journal Historia Mathematica. In 1992, Rowe was appointed Professor of History of Mathematics and Natural Sciences at the Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz where he presently teaches. His research has mainly focused on mathematics in Germany, but in recent years he has been concerned with Einstein's general theory of relativity and the broader cultural and political impact of Einstein's ideas. As part of this effort, he and Robert Schulmann have co-edited a source book entitled Einstein on Politics: His Private Thoughts and Public Stands on Nationalism, Zionism, War, Peace, and the Bomb, published by Princeton University Press in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2906919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906919" title="Redaction">
Redaction

Redaction is a form of editing in which multiple source texts are combined ("redacted") and altered slightly to make a single document. Often this is a method of collecting a series of writings on a similar theme and creating a definitive and coherent work. "To redact" later came to be used in the sense of selecting from or adapting (as by obscuring or removing sensitive information) a document prior to publication or release. In the early twenty-first century it has become a euphemism meaning "conceal from unauthorized view; censor but do not destroy". The word may be used in relation to obscuring or deleting specific information, rather than editing an entire document; e.g. a court may order that the names of people be redacted (from a document).
Forms of redaction.
On occasion, the persons performing the redaction (the redactors) add brief elements of their own. The reasons for doing so are varied and can include the addition of elements to adjust the underlying conclusions of the text to suit the redactor's opinion, adding bridging elements to integrate disparate stories, or the redactor may add a frame story, such as the tale of Scheherazade which frames the collection of folk tales in "The Book of One Thousand and One Nights".
Sometimes the source texts are interlaced, particularly when discussing closely related details, things, or people. This is common when source texts contain alternative versions of the same story, and slight alterations are often made in this circumstance, simply to make the texts appear to agree, and thus the resulting redacted text appears to be coherent. Such a situation is proposed by the documentary hypothesis, which proposes that multiple redactions occurred during the creation of the Torah, often combining texts, which have rival political attitudes and aims, together; another example is the Talmud.
Redactional processes are documented in numerous disciplines, including ancient literary works and biblical studies. Much has been written on the role of redaction in creating meaning for texts in various formats.
In business and law, a document can have certain parts "redacted", meaning sensitive names and details were removed for various reasons. For example, a court may order that the names of signatories of a petition be redacted to protect them from attack by opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="2906924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906924" title="Kevin J. O'Toole">
Kevin J. O'Toole

Kevin J. O'Toole (born October 5, 1964) is an American Republican Party politician, who serves in the New Jersey Senate. O'Toole represents the 40th legislative district, which consists of parts of Bergen, Essex and Passaic counties. 
O'Toole was elected to the Assembly in 1995 and re-elected five times. He served in the Senate from May 2001 to January 2002, and was elected to the Senate again on November 6, 2007. O'Toole serves in the Senate on the Budget and Appropriations Committee and on the Senate Judiciary Government Committee. He also serves as the Senate Minority Whip. For a few minutes, on January 12, 2010, O'Toole was named temporary President of the New Jersey Senate, by Nia Gill. 
Early life and career.
O'Toole was born in Cedar Grove, New Jersey to an Irish American father and Korean mother who met during the Korean War. He graduated from Cedar Grove High School and earned a B.A. in Political Science / Public Administration and a J.D. in 1989 from Seton Hall University. He later passed the bar exam in 1989 and served a clerkship in the office of the State Attorney General.
At the age of twenty five, O'Toole began is political career by serving on the Cedar Grove Township Council from 1989 to 1996. He then was elected as its Mayor from 1990 to 1991, 1993 to 1994 and from 1995 to 1996. O'Toole was later elected as Chairman of the Essex County Republican Committee from 1997–present. 
In 1995, O'Toole was elected into the General Assembly, the lower house of the New Jersey State Legislature, representing the 21st Legislative District. He was appointed as the Assembly's Deputy Republican Leader from 2004 to 2008 and was the Assistant Majority Leader from 1998 to 2001. O'Toole was briefly appointed to the State Senate in 2001, where he served for eight months before redistricting forced him into a different legislative district. 
In 2007, O'Toole defeated Democrat John Zunic to win election to the New Jersey Senate seat in the 40th District, filling the seat vacated by Henry McNamara, a fellow Republican who had represented the district since 1985. O'Toole's running mates David C. Russo and Scott Rumana also won election.
By profession, O'Toole is an attorney with the firm of O'Toole Fernandez Weiner Vanlieu LLC. Senator O'Toole and his wife, Bethany, have two children, Kevin, Jr., and Ryan Marie.
State legislator.
O'Toole has sponsored laws to reform welfare, strengthen domestic violence statutes, increase penalties on businesses and individuals who engage in discrimination, mandate insurance coverage for mammography and for treatment of breast and cervical cancer, preserve the state's drinking water supply through the preservation of Sterling Forest, and create more government transparency. 
In the state legislature, O'Toole has been a proponent of ethics reform in New Jersey government. He was the original sponsor of legislation creating pension reform in New Jersey. He has sponsored legislation to streamline government, promote education, protect the environment, and lower property taxes.
O'Toole was one of the primary sponsors of pre-paid college education expense program (529 college savings plan) and legislation that would prohibit campaign contributions from vendors who have government contracts.
District 40.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 40th District for the 20112-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2906931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906931" title="Song of Moses">
Song of Moses

The Song of Moses in this article relates to the name sometimes given to the poem that appears in Deuteronomy of the Hebrew Bible written/orated just prior to Moses' death atop Mount Nebo. 
The Song is believed by some to have been written down and placed in the Ark of the Covenant at one time, along with Aaron's staff and the Ten Commandments.
Biblical data.
Poem found in Deut. xxxii. 1-43. It is said that "Moses spake in the ears of all the assembly of Israel the words of this song" (Deut. xxxi. 30, R. V.; comp. ib. xxxii. 44). The song exhibits striking originality of form; nowhere else in the Old Testament are prophetic thoughts presented in poetical dress on so large a scale. 
The poem opens with an exordium (verses 1-3) in which heaven and earth are summoned to hear what the poet is to utter. In verses 4-6 the theme is defined: it is the rectitude and faithfulness of YHVH toward His corrupt and faithless people. Verses 7-14 portray the providence which conducted Israel in safety through the wilderness and gave it a rich and fertile land; verses 15-18 are devoted to Israel's unfaithfulness and lapse into idolatry. This lapse had compelled YHVH to threaten it (verses 19-27) with national disaster and almost with national extinction. Verses 28-43 describe how YHVH has determined to speak to the Israelites through the extremity of their need, to lead them to a better mind, and to grant them victory over their foes. 
In a Torah scroll the song is written with a special layout, in two parallel columns.
Critical view.
The poet was also an artist. Conspicuous literary ability and artistic skill are manifested in the development of his theme. His figures are diversified and forcible; the parallelism is unusually regular. One of the best examples of poetic simile in the Bible occurs in verses 11 and 12 of this song:(Driver's transl.) 
"Like a vulture, that stirreth up its nest, That hovereth over its young, He spread abroad His wings, He took him, He bore him upon His pinion: YHVH alone did lead him; And no foreign god was with Him."
The general plan of the poem resembles that of Ps. lxxviii., cv., cvi., and the prose of Ezek. xx., as well as the allegories of Ezek. xvi. and xxiii. In the Song of Moses, however, the theme is treated with greater completeness and with superior poetic power.
Scholarly views.
According to the modern documentary hypothesis the poem was an originally separate text, that was inserted by the deuteronomist into the second edition (of 2), of the text which became Deuteronomy (i.e. was an addition in 'Dtr2').
The poem, cast partly in the future tense, describes how Yahweh is provoked into punishing the Israelites due to their apostasy, resulting in the Israelites being destroyed. Dtr2 is believed to have been produced as a reaction to the Kingdom of Judah being sent into its Babylonian exile, and thus to Dtr1's (the hypothesised first edition of Deuteronomy) positive outlook, and suggestion of an upcoming golden age, being somewhat no longer appropriate. Consequently the poem fits the aim of Dtr2, in retroactively accounting for Israel's misfortune, and, indeed, may have been composed at a similar time.
Though both Jewish and Christian sources have traditionally attributed the Song to Moses, the conditions presupposed by the poem render the Mosaic authorship of it impossible according to critical commentary. The Exodus and the wilderness wanderings lie in the distant past. The writer's contemporaries may learn of them from their fathers (verse 7). The Israelites are settled in Palestine (verses 13-14); sufficient time has passed for them not only to fall into idolatry (verses 15-19), but to be brought to the verge of ruin. They are pressed hard by heathen foes (verse 30); but Yahweh promises to interpose and rescue his people (verses 34-43).
Dating the Song.
There are differences of opinion as to precisely when and by whom the song was written. George E. Mendenhall from the University of Michigan assigns it to the period just after the defeat of the Israelite militia at the battle of Eben-Ezer, and its authorship to the prophet Samuel: 
When all of Deuteronomy 31:14-23 was referred to JE, the poem was believed to be anterior thereto, and was believed to be contemporary with the Assyrian wars under Jehoash and Jeroboam II ("c." 780 BCE). To this period it is referred by August Dillmann, Schrader, Samuel Oettli, Heinrich Ewald, Adolf Kamphausen and Edouard Guillaume Eugène Reuss. Kuenen and Driver, who believe that the expression "those which are not a people" in verse 21 refers to the Assyrians, assign the poem to the age of Jeremiah and Ezekiel ("c." 630 BCE); while Cornill, Steuernagel, and Bertholet refer it to the closing years of the Exile, i.e. the period of the second Isaiah. 
In the present state of modern knowledge the date cannot be definitely fixed; but there is much to be said in favor of the exilic date.
Musical settings.
Both Songs of Moses, as with Habakkuk 3 (Domine Audivi), and 1 Samuel 2 (Exultavit Cor Meum) are counted as canticles in church use.

</doc>
<doc id="2906935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906935" title="Leabharcham">
Leabharcham

Leabharcham was a wise old woman of Emain Macha in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology. She was charged by the Ulster king Conchobar mac Nessa with nursing Deirdre in seclusion until the girl was old enough to be his bride, after it was prophesied at Deirdre's birth: "The infant shall be fairest among the women of Ireland and shall wed a king but because of her shall death and ruin come upon the province of Ulster."
When the time came for Deirdre to wed the king, Leabharcham, having raised and educated the beautiful maiden, dutifully returned her surrogate daughter to Conchobar's court at Emain Macha (now Navan Fort, county Armagh). There the old poet unwittingly helped fulfill the druid Cathbad's prophecy by providing Deirdre with information about Naoise, being asked by the prospective queen to identify a handsome young warrior, "his hair like the raven's wing, his cheek the hue of blood and skin as white as snow". With Naoise, a hunter and singer at Conchobar's court, and his two brothers, Deirdre escaped to Alba (Scotland). Years later, when the young lovers were tricked into returning to Ulster, the king sent for Leabharcham to discover whether or not Deirdre was still the fairest woman in Ireland. Leabharcham, in an effort to protect Deirdre, and discourage the bitter old king from taking vengeance against Naoise, reported back to Conchobar that she had lost all of her beauty. Only after the king sent a second spy did battle break out, ending tragically with the death of Naoise and his brothers and the king's seizure of Deirdre, who died of a broken heart soon afterward.
Also spelled "Lebharcham", and sometimes anglicized as "Levarcham" or "Lavarcham", her name is derived from Irish "leabhar" "book" and "cham" "crooked". The name is sometimes interpreted to mean "dishonest book" (perhaps due to the lie Leabharcham told the king about Deirdre's beauty having faded), though the second element can be found in descriptive bynames in reference to posture.
She appears as "Lavarcham" in Synge's 1910 play "Deirdre of the Sorrows". Her character delivers the last line of the play: "Deirdre is dead, and Naisi is dead; and if the oaks and stars could die for sorrow, it's a dark sky and a hard and naked earth we'd have this night in Emain."

</doc>
<doc id="2906943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906943" title="Collier Twentyman Smithers">
Collier Twentyman Smithers

Collier Twentyman Smithers (1867 – 7 December 1943) was a portrait, figure and rustic painter. He was born in Buenos Aires, the son of Arthur Edward Smithers, a banker.
In 1892 Smithers was living at 5 Primrose Hill Studios off Fitzroy Road, North London. This may account for his stylistic similarity to John William Waterhouse, who also lived at Primrose Hill Studios. From 1892 to 1936 he exhibited at the Royal Academy; the Royal Society of British Artists, Birmingham; Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool; Manchester City Art Gallery; New Gallery; and the Royal Hibernian Academy and his work received popular reviews. He was a Freeman of the City of London, being admitted to the Worshipful Company of Turners in 1893. He died in 1943 at 36 Roland Gardens, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2906945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2906945" title="Antimicrobial prophylaxis">
Antimicrobial prophylaxis

Antimicrobial prophylaxis refers to the prevention of infection complications using antimicrobial therapy (most commonly antibiotics). 
Even when sterile techniques are adhered to, surgical procedures can introduce bacteria and other microbes in the blood (causing bacteremia), which can colonize and infect different parts of the body. An estimated 5 to 10 percent of hospitalized patients undergoing otolaryngology ("head and neck") surgery acquire a nosocomial ("hospital") infection, which adds a substantial cost and an average of 4 extra days to the hospital stay. 
Antibiotics can be effective in reducing the occurrence of such infections. Patients should be selected for prophylaxis if the medical condition or the surgical procedure is associated with a considerable risk of infection or if a postoperative infection would pose a serious hazard to the patient's recovery and well-being.[http://antimicrobial.entlink.net/aao/Aao882/me.get?web.websections.show&AAO882_630] 
Microbial infections.
Local wound infections (superficial or deep-sided), urinary tract infections (caused by bladder catheter, inserted for surgery), and pneumonia (due to impaired breathing/coughing, caused by sedation and analgesics during the first few hours of recovery) may endanger the health of patients after surgery. Visibly worse are postoperative bacterial infections at the site of implanted foreign bodies (sutures, ostheosynthetic material, joint replacements, pacemaker implants, etc.) Often, the outcome of the procedure in question and even the life of the patient is at risk.
Prevention of microbial infection.
Worldwide experience with antimicrobial prophylaxis in surgery has proven to be effective and cost-efficient, both avoiding severe patient suffering while saving lives (provided the appropriate antibiotics have been carefully chosen and used to the best of current medical knowledge).
Antibiotic selection.
A proper regimen of antibiotics for perioperative prophylaxis of septic complications decreases the total amount of antimicrobials needed and eases the burden on hospitals. The choice of antibiotics should be made according to data on pharmacology, microbiology, clinical experience and economy. Drugs should be selected with a reasonable spectrum of activity against pathogens likely to be encountered, and antibiotics should be chosen with kinetics that will ensure adequate serum and tissue levels throughout the risk period.
For prophylaxis in surgery, only antibiotics with good tolerability should be used. Cephalosporins remain the preferred drugs for perioperative prophylaxis due to their low toxicity. Parenteral systemic antibiotics seem to be more appropriate than oral or topical antibiotics because the chosen antibiotics must reach high concentrations at all sites of danger. It is well recognized that broad-spectrum antibiotics are more likely to prevent gram-negative sepsis. New data demonstrate that third generation cephalosporins are more effective than first and second generation cephalosporins if all perioperative infectious complications are taken into consideration. Dermatologic surgeons commonly use antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent bacterial endocarditis. Based on previous studies, though, the risk of endocarditis following cutaneous surgery is low and thus the use of antibiotic prophylaxis is controversial. Although this practice is appropriate for high-risk patients when skin is contaminated, it is not recommended for noneroded, noninfected skin.
Duration of antibiotic administration.
Prophylaxis of the shortest possible duration should be aimed at in order to minimize the risk of serious adverse effects or dangerous development of resistance. The minimum frequency of administration is the single dose, which usually produces fewer adverse effects than the multiple dosage and at the same time often represents the most economical form of administration. There is controversy about fluoroquinolone antibiotic prophylaxis in neutropenic patients as there are little benefit, e.g. no reduced mortality and because the risks likely outweigh the benefits.
The goal of antimicrobial prophylaxis is to achieve sufficient antibiotic tissue concentrations prior to possible contamination in the relevant tissues and to ensure adequate levels throughout the operative procedure to prevent subsequent bacterial growth. Of crucial importance for success in surgical prophylaxis is the timing of administration of short-acting antibiotics, as persistent antimicrobial activity throughout the entire operation is essential; the longer a surgical procedure lasts, the longer an appropriate antibiotic tissue level must be maintained. This can be achieved either by repeated administrations or by giving a single dose of a suitable long-lasting antimicrobial.
Also, by extending the antimicrobial cover some hours beyond the duration of the actual surgical procedure, it is possible to reduce the perioperative infection rates of urinary and respiratory septic complications considerably (provided an adequately broad spectrum antibiotic prophylaxis is chosen).
Advantages of long-acting antibiotics.
Long-acting, broad-spectrum antibiotics offer the following advantages by comparison to short-acting antimicrobials in perioperative prophylaxis:

</doc>
