<doc id="2849189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849189" title="Harald Reinl">
Harald Reinl

Harald Reinl (July 8, 1908 in Bad Ischl, Austria – October 9, 1986 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain) was an Austrian film director. He is especially known for the movies he made based on Edgar Wallace and Karl May books (see Karl May movies and Edgar Wallace movies) and also made Mountain films, Heimatfilms, German war films and entries in such popular German film series as "Dr. Mabuse", "Jerry Cotton" and "Kommissar X". 
Reinl started his career as an extra in the mountain-films of Arnold Fanck. He worked as screenwriter on the film "Tiefland". Reinl's first movie as director was "Bergkristall" (1949).
He was stabbed to death by his alcoholic wife, the former Czech actress Daniela Maria Delis.

</doc>
<doc id="2849197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849197" title="Noel Noel-Buxton, 1st Baron Noel-Buxton">
Noel Noel-Buxton, 1st Baron Noel-Buxton

Noel Edward Noel-Buxton, 1st Baron Noel-Buxton PC (9 January 1869 – 12 September 1948) was a British Liberal and later Labour politician. He served as Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under Ramsay MacDonald in 1924 and between 1929 and 1930.
Background and education.
Born Noel Edward Buxton, the second son of Sir Thomas Buxton, 3rd Baronet, he was educated at Harrow and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Political career.
In 1896, Buxton acted as Aide-de-Camp to his father during his time as Governor of South Australia. He served on the Whitechapel Board of Guardians and Central Unemployment Body, and was a Member of the Home Office Departmental Committee on Lead Poisoning.
During the First World War (1914–1915), he went on a political mission with his brother, Charles Roden Buxton, with the object of securing the neutrality of Bulgaria; in the course of this an attempt was made on their lives by a Turkish activist (October 1914), Hasan Tahsin, in which he was wounded and his brother was shot through the lung. After their return, they published a book describing the region and its recent history, "The War and the Balkans" (London: George Allen and Unwin, 1915). It begins with these words:
Buxton stood unsuccessfully for Ipswich in 1900. He was elected as Liberal Member of Parliament for Whitby in 1905, a seat he held until 1906. He was out of parliament until the January 1910 general election, when he was returned for Norfolk North. He joined the Labour Party in 1919 and in 1922 he successfully contested his Norfolk North seat as a Labour candidate. He continued to represent the constituency until 1930. When Labour came to power under Ramsay MacDonald in January 1924, Buxton was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, with a seat in the cabinet, and sworn of the Privy Council. He remained as Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries until the government fell in December 1924. He resumed the post in 1929 (once again as a member of the cabinet) when Labour returned to office under MacDonald, and held it until 1930, when he was raised to the peerage as Baron Noel-Buxton, of Aylsham in the County of Norfolk. He changed his surname at this point to 'Noel-Buxton', so enabling that to be his title. 
Buxton's publications include "Europe and the Turks"; "With the Bulgarian Staff"; "Travels and Reflections", 1929; and he was part-author of "The Heart of the Empire", "Travel and Politics in Armenia", "The War and the Balkans", "Balkan Problems and European Peace", and "Oppressed Peoples and the League of Nations".
Family.
Lord Noel-Buxton married Lucy Edith Pelham Burn in 1914. She succeeded him as Member of Parliament for Norfolk North in 1930. Noel-Buxton died in September 1948, aged 79, and was succeeded in the barony by his son, Rufus. Lady Noel-Buxton died in December 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2849198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849198" title="Beck-Ola">
Beck-Ola

Beck-Ola is the second and final album by The Jeff Beck Group in its original configuration, released in 1969 in the United Kingdom on Columbia Records and in the United States on Epic Records. It peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200, and at #39 on the British album chart. The album’s title puns on the name of the Rock-Ola jukebox company.
Background and content.
After the release of their previous album "Truth", by the end of 1968 drummer Micky Waller was replaced by Tony Newman, as Jeff Beck wanted to take the music in a heavier direction and he viewed Waller as more of a finesse drummer in the style of Motown. Pianist Nicky Hopkins, who had also played on "Truth", was asked to join the band full-time for their work in the studio.
Recording sessions for the album took place over six days in April 1969 - the 3rd, 6th, 8th, 10th, 11th and 19th. Two covers of Elvis Presley tunes were chosen, "All Shook Up" and "Jailhouse Rock", as well as an instrumental by and prominently featuring Hopkins. The remaining four tracks consist of band originals, with the instrumental "Rice Pudding" ending the album with a hard edit mid-song. The cover features a reproduction of Belgian surrealist artist René Magritte's "The Listening Room". On the back cover to the original vinyl issue, beside "Beck-Ola" is written the tag "Cosa Nostra", Italian for "Our Thing".
Following the sessions for this album, the Jeff Beck Group toured the United States. They were scheduled to play Woodstock and are listed on posters promoting the festival, but by then internal friction had reached the breaking point and both Ronnie Wood and Rod Stewart were out of the band. Stewart and Wood would join the Faces in 1969, while Hopkins played Woodstock with Jefferson Airplane and would tour with The Rolling Stones in 1972. Beck himself would be out of commission by December due to an automobile accident.
Reception and legacy.
Upon initial release, Beck commented on the album cover the impossibility of coming up with anything original, and that "Beck-Ola" indeed was not. Although a short album at half an hour, along with its predecessor it is regarded as a seminal work of heavy metal due to its use of blues toward a hard rock approach and the squaring off of Beck's guitar against Stewart's vocals, duplicated the same year by Beck's confederate Jimmy Page with his singer Robert Plant in Led Zeppelin.
On 10 October 2006, Legacy Records remastered and reissued the album for compact disc with four bonus tracks, all of which had been previously unreleased. Included were two early takes of the Presley covers, one done at Abbey Road Studios in January, a jam on "Sweet Little Angel" by B.B. King done the previous November with the Waller edition of the band, and a song intended as a single by producer Mickie Most but never issued.

</doc>
<doc id="2849204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849204" title="Video search engine">
Video search engine

A video search engine is a web-based search engine which crawls the web for video content. Some video search engines parse externally hosted content while others allow content to be uploaded and hosted on their own servers. Some engines also allow users to search by video format type and by length of the clip. Search results are usually accompanied by a thumbnail view of the video.
Video search engines are computer programs designed to find videos stored on digital devices, either through Internet servers or in storage units from the same computer. These searches can be made through audiovisual indexing, which can extract information from audiovisual material and record it as metadata, which will be tracked by search engines.
Utility.
The main use of these search engines is the increasing creation of audiovisual content and the need to manage it properly. The digitization of audiovisual archives and the establishment of the Internet, has led to large quantities of video files stored in big databases, whose recovery can be very difficult because of the huge volumes of data and the existence of a semantic gap.
Search criterion.
The search criterion used by each search engine depends on its nature and purpose of the searches.
Metadata.
Metadata is information about facts. It could be information about who is the author of the video, creation date, duration, and all the information you would like to extract and include in the same files. Internet is often used in a language called XML to encode metadata, which works very well through the web and is readable by people. Thus, through this information contained in these files is the easiest way to find data of interest to us.
In the videos there are two types of metadata, that we can integrate in the video code itself and external metadata from the page where the video is. In both cases we optimize them to make them ideal when indexed.
Internal metadata.
All video formats incorporate their own metadata. The title, description, coding quality or transcription of the content are possible. To review these data exist programs like FLV MetaData Injector, Sorenson Squeeze or Castfire. Each one has some utilities and special specifications.
Keep in mind that converting from one format to another can lose much of this data, so check that the new format information is correct. It is therefore advisable to have the video in lots of formats, so that all search robots will be able to find and index.
External metadata.
In most cases you must apply the same mechanisms as in the positioning of an image or text content.
Title and Description.
They are the most important factors when positioning a video, because there you will find most of the necessary information. The titles have to be clearly descriptive and should be removed every word or phrase that is not useful.
Filename.
It should be descriptive, including keywords that describe the video with no need to see their title or description. Ideally, separate the words by dashes "-".
Tags.
On the page where the video is, it should be a list of keywords linked to the microformat "rel-tag". These words will be used by search engines as a basis for organizing information.
Transcription and subtitles.
Although not completely standard, there are two formats that store information in a temporal component that is specified, one for subtitles and another for transcripts, which can also be used for subtitles.
The formats are SRT or SUB for subtitles and TTXT for transcripts. To manage this type of formats it is interesting to use MP4Box program with which you can get this kind of files and formats.
Speech Recognition.
Speech recognition consists of a transcript of the speech of the audio track of the videos, creating a text file. In this way and with the help of a phrase extractor can easily search if the video content is of our interest.
Some search engines apart from using speech recognition to search for videos, also use it to find the specific point of a multimedia file in which you cite a specific word or phrase and so go directly to this point. Gaudi (Google Audio Indexing), a project developed by Google Labs, uses voice recognition technology to locate the exact moment that one or more words have been spoken within an audio, allowing the user to go directly to exact moment that the words were spoken. If the search query matches some videos from YouTube, the positions are indicated by yellow markers, and must pass the mouse over to read the transcribed text.
Text Recognition.
The text recognition can be very useful to recognize characters in the videos through "chyrons". As with speech recognizers, there are search engines that allow, through character recognition, to play a video from a particular point where you see the word you want.
TalkMiner, an example of search of specific fragments from videos by text recognition, analyzes each video once per second looking for indetifier signs of a slide, such as its shape and static nature, captures the image of the slide and uses Optical Character Recognition (OCR) to detect the words on the slides. Then, these words are indexed in the search engine of TalkMiner, which currently offers to users more than 20,000 videos from institutions such as Stanford University, the University of California at Berkeley, and TED.
Frame Analysis.
Through the visual descriptors we can analyze the frames of a video and extract information that can be scored as metadata. Descriptions are generated automatically and can describe different aspects of the frames, such as color, texture, shape, motion, and the situation.
Ranking criterion.
The usefulness of a search engine depends on the relevance of the result set returned. While there may be millions of videos that include a particular word or phrase, some videos may be more relevant, popular or have more authority than others. This arrangement has a lot to do with search engine optimization.
Most search engines use different methods to classify the results and provide the best video in the first results. However, most programs allow you to sort the results by several criteria.
Order by relevance.
This criterion is more ambiguous and less objective, but sometimes it is the closest to what we want; depends entirely on the searcher and the algorithm that the owner has chosen. That's why it has always been discussed and now that search results are so ingrained into our society it has been discussed even more. This type of management often depends on the number of times that the searched word comes out, the number of viewings of this, the number of pages that link to this content and ratings given by users who have seen it.
Order by date of upload.
This is a criterion based totally on the timeline where you can sort the results according to their seniority in the repository.
Order by number of views.
It can give us an idea of the popularity of each video.
Order by user rating.
It is common practice in repositories let the users rate the videos, so that a content of quality and relevance will have a high rank on the list of results gaining visibility. This practice is closely related to virtual communities.
Interfaces.
We can distinguish two basic types of interfaces, some are web pages hosted on servers which are accessed by Internet and searched through the network, and the others are computer programs that search within a private network.
Internet.
Within Internet interfaces we can find repositories that host video files which incorporate a search engine that searches only their own databases, and video searchers without repository that search in sources of external software.
Repositories with video searcher.
Provides accommodation in video files stored on its servers and usually has an integrated search engine that searches through videos uploaded by its users. One of the first web repositories, or at least the most famous are the portals Vimeo, Dailymotion and YouTube.
Their searches are often based on reading the metadata tags, titles and descriptions that users assign to their videos. The disposal and order criterion of the results of these searches are usually selectable between the file upload date, the number of viewings or what they call the relevance. Still, sorting criterion are nowadays the main weapon of these websites, because in terms of promotion is very important the positioning that they can give to your video.
Video searchers repositories.
They are websites specialized in searching videos across the network or certain pre-selected repositories. They work by web spiders that inspect the network in an automated way to create copies of the visited websites, which will then be indexed by search engines, so they can provide faster searches.
Private Network.
You can also find the case where a search engine only searches in audiovisual files stored within a computer or, as it happens in televisions, on a private server where users access through a local area network. These searchers are usually software or rich Internet applications with a very specific search options for maximum speed and efficiency when presenting the results. They are typically used for large databases and are therefore highly focused to satisfy the needs of television companies. An example of this type of software would be the Digition Suite, which apart from being a benchmark in this kind of interfaces is very close to us as for the storage and retrieval files system from the Corporació Catalana de Mitjans Audiovisuals.
This particular suite and perhaps in its strongest point is that it integrates the entire process of creating, indexing, storing, searching, editing, and a recovery. Once we have a digitized audiovisual content is indexed with different techniques of different level depending on the importance of content and it’s stored. The user, when he wants to retrieve a particular file, has to fill a search fields such as program title, issue date, characters who act or the name of the producer, and the robot starts the search. Once the results appear and they arranged according to preferences, the user can play the low quality videos to work as quickly as possible. When he finds the desired content, it is downloaded with good definition, it’s edited and reproduced.
Design and algorithms.
Video search has evolved slowly through several basic search formats which exist today and all use keywords. The keywords for each search can be found in the title of the media, any text attached to the media and content linked web pages, also defined by authors and users of video hosted resources.
Some video search is performed using human powered search, others create technological systems that work automatically to detect what is in the video and match the searchers needs. Many efforts to improve video search including both human powered search as well as writing algorithm that recognize what's inside the video have meant complete redevelopment of search efforts.
It is generally acknowledged that speech to text is possible, though recently Thomas Wilde, the new CEO of Everyzing, acknowledged that Everyzing works 70% of the time when there is music, ambient noise or more than one person speaking. If newscast style speaking (one person, speaking clearly, no ambient noise) is available, that can rise to 93%. (From the Web Video Summit, San Jose, CA, June 27, 2007).
Around 40 phonemes exist in every language with about 400 in all spoken languages. Rather than applying a text search algorithm after speech-to-text processing is completed, some engines use a phonetic search algorithm to find results within the spoken word. Others work by literally listening to the entire podcast and creating a text transcription using a sophisticated speech-to-text process. Once the text file is created, the website lets you search the file for any number of search words and phrases.
It is generally acknowledged that visual search into video does not work well and that no company is using it publicly. Researchers at UC San Diego and Carnegie Mellon University have been working on the visual search problem for more than 15 years, and admitted at a "Future of Search" conference at UC Berkeley in the Spring of 2007 that it was years away from being viable even in simple search.
Popular video search engines.
Agnostic search.
Search that is not affected by the hosting of video, where results are agnostic no matter where the video is located:
Non-agnostic search.
Search results are modified, or suspect, due to the large hosted video being given preferential treatment in search results:

</doc>
<doc id="2849210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849210" title="Jean-Thomas Taschereau">
Jean-Thomas Taschereau

Jean-Thomas Taschereau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849215" title="Jean-Thomas Taschereau (judge)">
Jean-Thomas Taschereau (judge)

Jean-Thomas Taschereau (December 12, 1814 – November 9, 1893) was a Canadian lawyer and judge.
Born in Quebec City, Lower Canada (now Quebec), the son of 
Jean-Thomas Taschereau, a politician who was a Member of the Quebec National Assembly, and Marie Panet, he was called to the bar in 1836. He studied law in Paris and upon his return to Quebec City he practised for 18 years. He also taught at Université Laval from 1855 to 1857. In 1865, he was appointed a judge of the Quebec Superior Court, and in 1873, was appointed to the Court of Queen's Bench of Quebec. On September 30, 1875, he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada and retired on October 6, 1878.
He is the father of Louis-Alexandre Taschereau, a Liberal Premier of the Canadian province of Quebec from 1920 to 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="2849218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849218" title="Diary of a Country Priest">
Diary of a Country Priest

Diary of a Country Priest (original French title: "Journal d'un curé de campagne") is a 1951 French film written and directed by Robert Bresson, and starring Claude Laydu. It was closely based on the novel of the same name by Georges Bernanos. Published in 1936, the novel received the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française. It tells the story of a young, sickly priest, who has been assigned to his first parish, a village in northern France.
The film was lauded for the debut performance by Laydu, called one of the greatest in the history of film. It won numerous awards, including the Grand Prize at the Venice International Film Festival, and the Prix Louis Delluc.
Plot.
A young priest arrives at Ambricourt, his new parish. He is not welcome. The girls of the catechism class laugh at him in a prank, whereby only one of them pretends to know the Scriptural basis of the Eucharist so that the rest of them can laugh at their private conversation. His colleagues criticize his diet of bread and wine, and his ascetic lifestyle. Concerned about Chantal, the daughter of the Countess, the priest visits the Countess at the family chateau, and appears to help her resume communion with God after a period of doubt. The Countess dies during the following night, and her daughter spreads false rumors that the priest's harsh words had tormented her to death. Refusing confession, Chantal had previously spoken to the priest about her hatred of her parents.
The older priest from Torcy talks to his younger colleague about his poor diet and lack of prayer, but the younger man seems unable to make changes. After his health worsens, the young priest goes to the city to visit a doctor, who diagnoses him with stomach cancer. The priest goes for refuge to a former colleague, who has lapsed and now works as an apothecary, while living with a woman outside wedlock. The priest dies in the house of his colleague after being blessed by him. 
Two famous lines from the film include "God is not a torturer" (Scorsese's favorite line) and "All is grace."
Production.
Two other French scriptwriters, Jean Aurenche and Pierre Bost, had wanted to make film adaptations of the novel. Bernanos rejected Aurenche's first draft. By the time Bresson worked on the screenplay, Bernanos had died. Bresson said he "would have taken more liberties," if Bernanos were still alive. 
This film marked a transition period for Bresson, as he began using non-professional actors (with the exception of the Countess). It was also the first film in which Bresson utilized a complex soundtrack and voice-over narration, stating that "an ice-cold commentary can warm, by contrast, tepid dialogues in a film. Phenomenon analogues to that of hot and cold in painting."
Reception.
"Diary of a Country Priest" was a financial success in France and established Bresson's international reputation as a major film director. Film critic Andre Bazin wrote an entire essay on the film, calling it a masterpiece "because of its power to stir the emotions, rather than the intelligence." Claude Laydu's debut performance in the title role has been described as one of the greatest in the history of film. Jean Tulard, in his "Dictionary of Film", wrote of him in this work, "No other actor deserves to go to heaven as much as Laydu."
The American film director Martin Scorsese said this film influenced his own "Taxi Driver".
Awards.
The film won eight international awards, including the Grand Prize at the Venice International Film Festival, and the Prix Louis Delluc.

</doc>
<doc id="2849223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849223" title="2003–04 in Belgian football">
2003–04 in Belgian football

The 2003-2004 season was the 101st competitive season in Belgian football.
National team.
Belgium ended their qualifying campaign for the 2004 UEFA European Championship at the third place in Group 8 and thus did not take part to the final tournament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="2849226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849226" title="Middle Egyptian language">
Middle Egyptian language

Middle Egyptian is the typical form of Egyptian written from 2000 BC to 1300 BC (after Old Egyptian and before Late Egyptian). In writing, it makes use of around 900 hieroglyphs.
Although evolving into Late Egyptian from the 14th century BC, Middle Egyptian remained in use as literary standard language until the 4th century AD. As such, it is the classical variant of Egyptian that historically attracted most attention from Egyptology. Whilst most Middle Egyptian is seen written on monuments by Hieroglyphs, it is also written using a cursive variant, and the related Hieratic. As it is usually the first and most used form of the Ancient Egyptian language, it is frequently (incorrectly) referred to simply as "Hieroglyphics".
Progress in the understanding of Middle Egyptian is due to Adolf Erman and his "Berlin school". Erman also published the first Middle Egyptian grammar in 1894, surpassed in 1927 by Alan H. Gardiner's monumental work. From the mid 20th century, Egyptologists considered their understanding of Middle Egyptian to be essentially complete, and began focussing on Old Egyptian, but debate on Middle Egyptian grammar was revived by Hans Jakob Polotsky and his "standard theory" from 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2849236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849236" title="HMS Electra (1896)">
HMS Electra (1896)

HMS "Electra" was a Clydebank-built three funnelled 30-knot destroyer ordered by the Royal Navy under the 1895 – 1896 Naval Estimates. She was the fourth ship to carry this name since it was introduced in 1806 for a 16-gun brig-sloop.
In 1913 she was grouped along with similar vessels as a C-class destroyer
Construction.
She was laid down as Yard Number 289 on 18 October 1895 at J & G Thompson shipyard in Clydebank and launched on 14 July 1896. During her builder’s trials she had problems attaining her contract speed. Her hull was lengthened by 4 feet then she made her contract speed of 30 knots; she was completed and accepted by the Royal Navy in July 1900.
Service.
After commissioning she was assigned to the Chatham Division of the Harwich Flotilla. She was deployed in home waters for her entire service life.
On 30 August 1912 the Admiralty directed all destroyer classes were to be designated by letters. Since her design speed was 30-knots and she had three funnels she was assigned with vessels built to the same specification as the C Class. After 30 September 1913, she was known as an C Class destroyer and had the letter ‘C’ painted on the hull below the bridge area and on either the fore or aft funnel.
In 1914 she was in active commission at the Nore based at Shearness tendered to HMS "Actaeon" a Royal Navy training establishment. With the outbreak of hostilities in August 1914 she was assigned to the Nore Local Flotilla. Her duties included anti-submarine and counter-mining patrols in the Thames Estuary.
In 1919 she was paid off and laid-up in reserve awaiting disposal. She was sold on 29 April 1920 to Barking Ship Breaking Company for breaking.

</doc>
<doc id="2849238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849238" title="Fianna Fáil leadership election, 1994">
Fianna Fáil leadership election, 1994

The 1994 Fianna Fáil leadership election began in November 1994, when Albert Reynolds resigned as party leader and Taoiseach. Reynolds had been party leader since February 1992 and had served as Taoiseach since then. His successor was elected by the members of the Fianna Fáil parliamentary party on 19 December 1994. Bertie Ahern was the only candidate to stand and was thus elected leader.

</doc>
<doc id="2849242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849242" title="Santiago Christian School">
Santiago Christian School

Santiago Christian School is an English-speaking Christian school in Santiago, Dominican Republic. The school provides education to students from pre-kindergarten to grade 12. Enrollment for the 2011-2012 academic year stood at 587, the highest in the school's history. Approximately 85% of all students are from the Dominican Republic. The curriculum is similar to that of a US college preparatory school. SCS has been accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools since 1993; in 2010, SCS applied for additional accreditation with the Association of Christian Schools International.

</doc>
<doc id="2849243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849243" title="The Sporting News Comeback Player of the Year Award">
The Sporting News Comeback Player of the Year Award

"The Sporting News" Comeback Player of the Year Award is the oldest of three annual awards in Major League Baseball given to one player in each league who has reemerged as a star in that season. It was established in 1965. The winner in each league is selected by the "TSN" editorial staff.
In 2005, Major League Baseball officially sponsored its own Comeback Player of the Year Award for the first time. TSN and MLB honored the same players in 2005—Ken Griffey, Jr. in the National League and Jason Giambi in the American League. The Players Choice Awards, awarded by the Major League Baseball Players Association, also began a Comeback Player honor in 1992.
Listed below are the players honored with the "TSN" award by year, name, team and league.

</doc>
<doc id="2849246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849246" title="John Goodyer">
John Goodyer

John Goodyer (1592–1664) was a 17th-century botanist who lived in Hampshire, England. He was born in Alton, and evidently received a good education, although it is not known where. He worked as estate manager to Sir Thomas Bilson, of West Mapledurham House (demolished 1829), near Buriton, and also as agent for two Bishops of Winchester: Thomas Bilson (father of Sir Thomas Bilson) and later, Lancelot Andrewes. Goodyer resided in the village of Droxford until his marriage in 1632, when he moved to Petersfield, where his house on The Spain still stands [http://www.petersfieldmuseum.hampshire.org.uk/html/history/17C.html]. 
Goodyer developed a great interest in botany, and added many plants to the British flora. He is credited with clarifying the identities of the British elms, and for discovering an unusual elm endemic to the Hampshire coast between Lymington and Christchurch named for him as Goodyer's Elm, believed to be a form of the Cornish Elm "Ulmus minor" subsp. "angustifolia", later confused with Plot's Elm also known as 'Lock Elm' "Ulmus minor" var. "plotii" by Augustine Henry. 
Goodyer gained the reputation of being "the ablest Herbalist now living in England". He is also believed to have introduced the Jerusalem Artichoke to English cuisine, but perhaps his most enduring legacy was his revision, with Thomas Johnson, of Gerard's Herbal, the greatest herbal of its time.
He also translated a Latin version of Dioscorides's work, 'De Materia Medica'. Indeed, Goodyer's reputation was such that in 1643 during the English Civil War, Ralph Hopton, one of the senior Royalist commanders, ordered troops "to defend and protect John Goodyer, his house, family, servants and estates". 
Goodyer lies in an unmarked grave near his wife's at St Mary’s church, Buriton, where a stained glass window can be found as a memorial to him, showing the Goodyer coat of arms. With no children to succeed him, the majority of his estate passed to his nephew, the Reverend Edmund Yalden, but proceeds from the residue were used to establish the John Goodyer Charity to help the poor of Weston, a hamlet near Buriton; the charity still exists today. His works and books are now stored at Magdalen College, Oxford, and in recognition of his industry, "Goodyera", a genus of small terrestrial orchids, has been named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2849260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849260" title="G500">
G500

G500 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849265" title="Quants Reserve">
Quants Reserve

Quants Reserve is a nature reserve north west of Burnworthy in Somerset, England.
It consists of a grassland clearing in a forestry plantation. It is well known for its butterflies — among the species which occur are Duke of Burgundy, Marsh Fritillary and Wood White.
In 1988 an area of 50.6 hectares (126.0 acres) was designated as a Biological Site of Special Scientific Interest.

</doc>
<doc id="2849266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849266" title="Epiphone G-400">
Epiphone G-400

The G-400 (or sometimes G400) is an Epiphone solid body electric guitar model produced as a more modestly priced version of the famous Gibson SG. Currently, Epiphone is a subsidiary of Gibson and manufactures the G-400 and other budget models at a lower cost in Asia. Visually and ergonomically, it is almost identical to a 1962 SG.
History.
Introduced in 1989 after Epiphone production moved to Korea in cooperation with the Samick Corporation, the G-400 has been in continuous production for twenty-four years.
Upon introduction, it featured dot fretboard inlays, two open-coil humbuckers, green key tuners with the Epiphone logo stamped on their backs, a differently shaped truss rod cover with "Gibson" printed vertically, black "speed" knobs, and "narrow-open Book" headstock. By 1990, the G-400 was sporting the modern "clipped-ear" headstock with no holly inlay
In 1996, several features of the G-400 were changed. These changes included black "top hat" knobs with silver inserts, trapezoidal fretboard inlays, chrome covers on the humbuckers, and a "holly" headstock inlay.
Until 2002, the vast majority of G-400s were built in Korea by the Samick Corporation. Now, most G-400s are built in Epiphone's Qingdao, China plant.
In 2002, Epiphone began using Grover tuners on the G-400. In 2004, the truss rod cover was changed to the current shape with "SG" printed on it. In 2005, the logo ink stamped on limited edition models was changed. In 2009, the G-400 (along with several other Epiphone models) made the switch from chrome-plated hardware to nickel-plated hardware. Also, the neck was changed to a "slim taper" profile. in 2012, Epiphone introduced the G-400 Pro with Alnico Classic PRO™ 4-wire humbuckers.
Woods.
The Epiphone G-400 is made of Philippine/Indonesian mahogany (more commonly known as Luan, Lauan or Meranti, botanic genus Shorea which has 196 subspecies), which is not actually related to the mahogany species. In 2005, Epiphone began putting thin veneers of African mahogany on the front and back of the Cherry finished G-400s.
Features.
The design of the G-400 follows that of the Gibson SG. Features include dual pointed cutaways, smaller pickguard (but in some cases, such as the 1966 model or any limited edition model, there is still a large pickguard), set neck, trapezoidal fingerboard inlays (late 80s and early 90s models had dot inlays), dual humbucker pickups, and beveled mahogany body. The biggest visual differences from the Gibson SG are the Epiphone headstock and wood-bound neck. The standard G-400, not limited edition, is available in two finishes: ebony and cherry. The Faded G-400 comes in worn brown and worn cherry. In addition, new models now have Grover-brand machine heads.
Variants.
The G-400 is available in many models, including G-400, Deluxe, Deluxe Flametop, Custom, Vintage, '66 Limited edition, SG Special, Tony Iommi Signature, Gothic and an Alpine White EMG pickup outfitted Limited Edition, the latter of which is very rare.
The Japanese-made Elitist G-400 has a slightly different shaped headstock than most Epiphone models.
Faded G-400.
The Faded G-400 features:
G-400.
The G-400 features:
G-400 Custom.
The G-400 Custom features:
G-400 Deluxe.
The G-400 Deluxe features:
Tony Iommi G-400.
The Tony Iommi G-400 features:
Limited Edition Models.
Several Limited Edition models have been produced for different licensed Gibson/Epiphone dealers.
G-400 1966 Reissue.
The G-400 1966 Reissue features:
G-400 w/EMGs.
The G-400 w/EMGs features:
G-400 '65 Reissue w/Maestro Vibrola.
The G-400 '65 Reissue w/Maestro Vibrola features:
G-400 Korina.
The G-400 Korina features:

</doc>
<doc id="2849268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849268" title="Dan Israel">
Dan Israel

Dan Israel is a singer-songwriter currently based in Minneapolis. He won Song of the Year (for "Come to Me") in the 2005 Minnesota Music Awards.
Israel led the folk-duo One Town Horse in Chicago in the late 1980s and early 1990s, went on to lead the more electrified folk-rockers Potter's Field in Austin, TX in the mid '90s (where he was named one of Austin's top 15 songwriters), and finally relocated to his hometown of Minneapolis in 1996, where he formed Dan Israel and the Cultivators and released several critically acclaimed CDs, both solo and with the Cultivators. 
Reviews.
His 2000 solo release "Dan Who?" received a 4-star review from music reviewer Jim Walsh (then at the St. Paul Pioneer Press), who summed up his outrage at the under-recognition of Israel's talent with these words: "Well, somebody buy a billboard, hire a blimp, and give this guy his due already. His name is Dan Israel, one of the mad ones, one of the strugglers, and he just made the record of his life."
Israel has been reviewed favorably in national magazines like Paste and No Depression and in major American newspapers such as the Chicago Sun-Times, has received extensive radio airplay both stateside and overseas, has showcased multiple times at the prestigious South by Southwest Music Conference, and has opened for acts such as Morrissey, the Tragically Hip, Todd Snider, Iris DeMent, Peter Himmelman, the Honeydogs, Mason Jennings, Martin Zellar, Mary Lou Lord, Ike Reilly, Steve Poltz, the Silos, and many more. 

</doc>
<doc id="2849269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849269" title="1932–33 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1932–33 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1932–33 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1932/33 / Државно првенство 1932/33) was the 11th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
BSK Belgrade (Coach:Sándor Nemes)

</doc>
<doc id="2849277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849277" title="Swindon railway station">
Swindon railway station

Swindon railway station is a main line railway station serving the town of Swindon in Wiltshire, South West England. It is an important junction, where the former Great Western Railway line to and , the Great Western Main Line to Bristol Temple Meads and the South Wales Main Line route to and South Wales diverge. The station is managed by First Great Western, who operate all trains serving it.
It is approximately from the central bus station and the town centre. It is served by First Great Western services from London Paddington to Bristol Temple Meads, , Cheltenham Spa via GloucesterSwansea and the rest of South Wales. There is also an early morning service to Southampton which originates at Gloucester reversing at Swindon.
History.
With the railway passing through the town in early 1841, the Goddard Arms public house in Old Swindon was used as a railway booking office in lieu of a station. Tickets purchased included the fare for a horse-drawn carriage to the line at the bottom of the hill.
Swindon railway station opened in 1842 with construction of the Great Western Railway's engineering works continuing. Until 1895, every train stopped here for at least 10 minutes to change locomotives. Swindon station hosted the first recorded railway refreshment rooms, divided according to class. Swindonians, for a time, were eminently proud that even the current King and Queen of the time had partaken of refreshments there. The station in 1842 was built of three storeys, with the refreshment rooms on the ground floor, the upper floors comprising the station hotel and lounge. Until 1961, when Swindon Town station closed, the station was known as Swindon Junction.
The building was demolished in 1972, with today's modern station and office block erected on the site.
The Travel Centre (i.e. booking office) at Swindon was APTIS-equipped by the end of October 1986, making it one of the very first stations with the ticketing system which was eventually found across the UK at all staffed British Rail stations by the end of the 1980s.
Platform 4 opened in 2003.
Plans.
It was announced in December 2005 that stations in the Thames Valley region were to be upgraded.
Network Rail has plans to redouble the track between Swindon and Kemble in order to improve rail services between Cheltenham/Gloucester and London, and to allow for maintenance work in the Severn Tunnel when Swansea services are diverted via Gloucester. When originally laid in 1842 the line was double-track throughout, however some of the second track were removed in 1968/69. , the Office of Rail Regulation was receiving submissions to restore this project (previously omitted) to Network Rail's plans for 2009-2014. The project cost was estimated at £50.2 million and received backing from the South West Development Agency and others but stalled when it was left out of the new Coalition Government's Spending Review in October 2010. The project still has strong support from local MPs who are continuing to lobby DfT Ministers.
On 1 March 2011, Philip Hammond MP, the UK Coalition Government's Secretary of State for Transport announced that he had resumed plans for electrifying the Great Western main line west from Didcot through Swindon to Bristol and Cardiff at a planned cost of £704 million. The DfT's statement confirms that new electric trains would be procured from Hitachi, manufactured in a new factory in the North East, in the related £4.5 billion "InterCity Express Programme" (IEP). The electrification project had first been announced by the previous Labour Government's Transport Secretary, Lord Andrew Adonis, on 23 July 2009.
In February 2011, Wiltshire County Council and Wessex Chamber of Commerce jointly commissioned Network Rail to evaluate construction of a new station at Wootton Bassett, west of Swindon, to serve the Interface Business Park. The station would be built on the site of the previous station which closed in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2849281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849281" title="No One (band)">
No One (band)

No One is a four-piece nu metal band from Chicago, Illinois. They released one studio album through Immortal Records in August 2001 to minimal success. No One has performed on Ozzfest and alongside the likes of Slipknot and System of a Down. After lagging commercial success, the group disbanded in 2003. They reformed in 2010 and began performing concerts again.
Career.
Vocalist Murk and guitarist B-Larz originally came together in 1994 under the name Black Talon. With the addition of bassist Flare and drummer Billy K, No One was born. They played their first concert on August 5, 2000 at Champ’s. The show occurred between two Chicago dates for Ozzfest, which allowed No One to be exposed to the likes of Disturbed, Soulfly, and The Deadlights. A mere two weeks later, they joined Johnny K to record a 3-track demo.
Shortly after, No One received a phone call notifying them that a manager in California had been shopping the demo around without their consent. Although this bothered the Chicago quartet, they soon received offers from various labels. No One eventually chose Immortal Records, partially because at the time Immortal were known for never having dropped a band from its roster. At the time of signing the record deal, No One only had five songs to their name but did not tell the label and wrote the rest of their album in the studio. They released their one and only self-titled album in August 2001 and toured with various popular metal groups including Slipknot, System of A Down, and American Head Charge.
The album charted at No. 35 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart but its two singles did not manage to chart. Ironically, Immortal Records saw "No One" as a major disappointment and soon dropped the band from their roster. Bassist Flare soon exited the group but No One continued to write new music and post demos on their now-defunct website before disbanding in 2003.
As of 2010 the band is playing shows again.
As of 2014, the band's guitarist Bob Bielarz, his wife and two others went missing on June 21st, 2014 after their boat capsized in the Cal-Sag Channel near Palos Hills, Illinois. The bodies of Bielarz's wife and one other person were recovered on June 22. Bielarz was presumed dead.

</doc>
<doc id="2849284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849284" title="List of cultural venues in Swansea">
List of cultural venues in Swansea

This is a list of cultural venues in the City and County of Swansea, Wales.
Sport.
Stadia.
List of stadiums with seating capacity:
Performing arts.
List of performing arts venues and their seating capacities:
Historic and architectural venues.
This is a list of historic and architectural places and their use as a cultural venue:
Places of worship.
This is a list of places of worship in Swansea and their associated faith:

</doc>
<doc id="2849295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849295" title="Largent, West Virginia">
Largent, West Virginia

Largent is an unincorporated community village in Morgan County and partly Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Largent is located on the Cacapon River, about 18 miles southwest of Berkeley Springs along Cacapon Road (West Virginia Route 9). It is located by Old Enon Cementery, Enon Cementery, Stony Creek, and the Cacapon River.
Communication.
Largent's post office was in operation from 1906 until the 1950s. Residences and businesses in Largent are currently serviced by Great Cacapon's post office, therefore bearing Great Cacapon addresses. However, Largent's telephone exchange is 947 which is a Paw Paw exchange.
Transportation.
Other than Cacapon Road, other roads include Kilgore Lane, Alpine Drive, Stoney Creek Road, Dunrovin Lane, Golliday Lane and Oliver Lane. A bridge over the Cacapon River is part of Cacapon Road and leads to the town of Woodrow.

</doc>
<doc id="2849297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849297" title="Oppositional defiant disorder">
Oppositional defiant disorder

Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) is defined by the DSM-5 as a pattern of angry/irritable behavior, or vindictiveness lasting at least 6 months, and is exhibited during interaction with at least one individual that is not a sibling. Individuals must display four symptoms from one of the following categories: angry/irritable mood, argumentative/defiant behavior, or vindictiveness. Unlike children with conduct disorder (CD), children with oppositional defiant disorder are not aggressive towards people or animals (even though this directly contradicts the "signs and symptoms"), do not destroy property, and do not show a pattern of theft or deceit. A diagnosis of ODD cannot be given if the child presents with conduct disorder.
Signs and symptoms.
Previously, DSM-IV-TR (that is now replaced by DSM-5) stated that the child must exhibit four out of the eight signs and symptoms listed below in order to meet the diagnostic threshold for oppositional defiant disorder. Furthermore, they must be perpetuated for longer than six months and must be considered beyond normal child behavior to fit the diagnosis. 
These patterns of behavior result in impairment at school and/or other social venues.
Common features of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) include excessive, often persistent anger, frequent temper tantrums or angry outbursts, as well as disrespect of authority. Children and adolescents with ODD often purposely annoy others, blame others for their own mistakes, and are easily disrupted. Parents often observe more rigid and irritable behaviors than in siblings. In addition, these young people may appear resentful of others, and when someone does something they don't like they prefer revenge over more sensitive solutions.
For a child or adolescent to qualify for a diagnosis of ODD, these behaviors must cause considerable distress for the family or interfere significantly with academic or social functioning. Interference might take the form of preventing the child or adolescent from learning at school or making friends, or placing him or her in harmful situations. These behaviors must also persist for at least six months. Effects of ODD can be greatly amplified by other disorders in comorbidity such as ADHD. Other common comorbid disorders include depression and substance use disorders.
Causes.
The exact cause of ODD is unknown, but it is believed that a combination of biological, psychological, and environmental factors may contribute to the condition.
Genetic influences.
Research indicates that parents pass on a tendency for externalizing disorders to their children that may be displayed in multiple ways, such as inattention, hyperactivity, or oppositional and conduct problems. This heritability can vary by age, age of onset, and other factors. Adoption and twin studies indicate that 50% or more of the variance causing antisocial behavior is attributable to heredity for both males and females. ODD also tends to occur in families with a history of ADHD, substance use disorders, or mood disorders, suggesting that a vulnerability to develop ODD may be inherited. A difficult temperament, impulsivity, and a tendency to seek rewards can also increase the risk of developing ODD. New studies into gene variants have also identified possible gene-environment (G x E) interactions, specifically in the development of conduct problems. A variant of the gene that encodes the neurotransmitter metabolizing enzyme monoamine oxidase-A (MAOA), which relates to neural systems involved in aggression, plays a key role in regulating behavior following threatening events. Brain imaging studies show patterns of arousal in areas of the brain that are associated with aggression in response to emotion-provoking stimuli.
Prenatal factors and birth complications.
Many pregnancy and birth problems are related to the development of conduct problems. Malnutrition, specifically protein deficiency, lead poisoning, and mother’s use of nicotine, marijuana, alcohol or other substances during pregnancy may increase the risk of developing ODD. Although pregnancy and birth factors are correlated with ODD, strong evidence of direct biological causation is lacking.
Neurobiological factors.
Deficits and injuries to certain areas of the brain can lead to serious behavioral problems in children. Brain imaging studies have suggested that children with ODD may have subtle differences in the part of the brain responsible for reasoning, judgment and impulse control. Children with ODD are thought to have an overactive behavioral activation system (BAS), and underactive behavioral inhibition system (BIS). The BAS stimulates behavior in response to signals of reward or nonpunishment. The BIS produces anxiety and inhibits ongoing behavior in the presence of novel events, innate fear stimuli, and signals of nonreward or punishment. Neuroimaging studies have also identified structural and functional brain abnormalities in several brain regions in youths with conduct disorders. These brain regions are the amygdala, prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate, and insula, as well as interconnected regions. As well as this, if neurotransmitters in the brain are out of balance, or not working properly, they may not be able to communicate to each other in the brain effectively, causing behavioral deficits. Many children with ODD also have other mental illnesses, such as ADHD, learning disorders, depression, or an anxiety disorders which could also be strong contributors.
Social-cognitive factors.
As many as 40% of boys and 25% of girls with persistent conduct problems display significant social-cognitive impairments. Some of these deficits include immature forms of thinking (such as egocentrism), failure to use verbal mediators to regulate his or her behavior, and cognitive distortions, such as interpreting a neutral event as an intentional hostile act.
Family factors.
A child has reciprocal influence, meaning that the child’s behavior is both influenced by and influences the behavior of others. Negative parenting practices and parent–child conflict may lead to antisocial behavior, but they may also be a reaction to the oppositional and aggressive behaviors of their children. Factors such as a family history of mental illnesses and/or substance abuse as well as a dysfunctional family and inconsistent discipline by a parent or guardian can lead to the development of behavior disorders. 
Coercion theory describes another hypothesis for how the family might contribute to development of ODD. Coercion theory contends that parent–child interactions provide a training ground for the development of antisocial behavior. According to this theory, through a 4-step, escape-conditioning sequence, the child learns to use increasingly intense forms of noxious behavior to avoid unwanted parental demands.
Insecure parent–child attachments can also contribute to ODD. There is often little internalization of parent and societal standards in children with conduct problems. These weak bonds with their parents may lead children to associate with delinquency and substance abuse. 
Family instability and stress can also contribute to the development of ODD. Although the association between family factors and conduct problems is well established, the nature of this association and the possible causal role of family factors continues to be debated.
Societal factors.
Low socioeconomic status is associated with poor parenting, specifically with inconsistent discipline and poor parental monitoring, which are then associated with an early onset of aggression and antisocial behaviors.
Cultural factors.
Socialization across cultures is one of the strongest predictors of aggressive acts. Externalizing problems are reported to be more frequent among minority-status youth, a finding that is likely related to such things as economic hardship, limited employment opportunities, and living in high-risk urban neighborhoods.
Diagnosis.
Oppositional defiant disorder was first defined in the "DSM-III" (1980). Since the introduction of ODD as an independent disorder, the field trials to inform the definition of this disorder has included predominantly male subjects. Some clinicians have debated whether the diagnostic criteria presented above would be clinically relevant for use with females. Furthermore, some have questioned whether gender-specific criteria and thresholds should be included. Additionally, some clinicians have questioned the preclusion of ODD when CD is present. According to Dickstein, the DSM-5 attempts to: 
Management.
One of the key factors in the development and maintenance of the negative behaviors associated with ODD symptoms is reinforcement, whether intentional or not, of the unwanted behaviors. The most effective way of treating disruptive behavior disorders is behavioral therapies. Behavioral therapy for children and adolescents focuses primarily on how to prevent problematic thoughts or behaviors from accidentally getting reinforced unknowingly within a young person's environment.
Positive reinforcement often unintentionally contributes to an increase in the frequency of ODD behaviors. Behavior therapies can be applied to a wide range of psychological symptoms among children, adolescents, and adults with ODD. Behavior therapists encourage children and adolescents to try new behaviors and not to allow unwanted reinforcement to dictate the ways in which they act. Furthermore, therapists may work with parents to discontinue ways in which they are unintentionally reinforcing unwanted behaviors. An example of how positive reinforcement can occur is when the patient is rewarded with attention when performing ODD behaviors. Attention is reinforcing itself and the reinforcing attention could be accidentally given, ironically, when trying to create a negative consequence to their behavior. Positive Punishment occurs when the patient is inadvertently punished by aversive stimuli for "not" performing the ODD behaviors (of revenge, dis-cooperation, and frequent anger). These aversive stimuli that punish patients for "not" performing ODD behaviors can include humiliation, isolation, not being told the reason of rules (e.g. being told "the reason you should is because I said so"), not having opinions taken seriously, as well as "being pushed around."
Researchers have found that the use of positive reinforcement and praise for appropriate behaviors are two key elements in effective interventions. If the majority of interactions with the child are focused around correcting their negative behaviors, a cycle of negative interactions is created, where the child expects attention after misbehaving. On the contrary, positive reinforcement and praise not only builds a child's self-esteem but also serves to strengthen the bond between a child and their caregiver. To accomplish this the positive reinforcement should occur immediately after a child has exhibited an appropriate behavior. The behaviors outlined for the child to be reinforced should be easy to evaluate and have very clear and easy to understand instructions. The type of reinforcement used should always depend on the child and should be developed together with both the family and the therapist.
Other approaches to the treatment of ODD include parent training programs, individual psychotherapy, family therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and social skills training. According to the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, treatments for ODD are tailored specifically to the individual child, and different treatment techniques are applied for pre-schoolers and adolescents. There are several preventative programs that have had a positive effect on those who are at high risk for ODD. Both home visitation and programs such as Head Start have shown some effectiveness in preschool children. Social skills training, parent management training, and anger management programs have been used as prevention programs for school-age children at risk for ODD. For adolescents at risk for ODD, cognitive interventions, vocational training, and academic tutoring have shown preventative effectiveness. 
An approach developed by Russell Barkley uses a parent training model and begins by focusing on positive approaches to increase compliant behaviours.
Epidemiology.
ODD has an estimated lifetime prevalence of 10.2% (11.2% for males, 9.2% for females). According to a 1992 article, if left untreated, about 52% of children with ODD will continue to meet the DSM-IV criteria up to three years later, and about half of those 52% will progress into conduct disorder. CD may progress into antisocial personality disorder. This strong correlation between strong defiance in childhood and adulthood may suggest similar "mechanisms" for hostility toward established authority by children and by adults.
Controversy.
According to "The American Journal of Psychiatry", there are several sources of controversy around the diagnosis of ODD. One concerns the fact that the "DSM-IV" criteria differ slightly from those of the World Health Organization's criteria, as outlined in the ICD-10. Diagnosis of ODD is further complicated by the high occurrence of comorbidity with other disorders such as ADHD, though a 2002 study provided additional support for the validity of ODD as an entity distinct from conduct disorder.
In another study, the utility of the "DSM-IV" criteria to diagnose preschoolers has been questioned because the criteria were developed using school-age children and adolescents. The authors concluded that the criteria could be used effectively when developmental level was factored into assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="2849306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849306" title="Elliott Brothers (computer company)">
Elliott Brothers (computer company)

Elliott Brothers (London) Ltd.
Elliott Brothers (London) Ltd was an early computer company of the 1950s–60s in the United Kingdom, tracing its descent from a firm of instrument makers founded by William Elliott in London around 1804. The research laboratories were based at Borehamwood, originally set up in 1946. The first Elliott 152 computer appeared in 1950. Elliott's was a pioneer of Head-up displays - HUDs.
The well-known computer scientist Sir Tony Hoare was an employee there from August 1960 for eight years and wrote an ALGOL 60 compiler for the Elliott 803. He also worked on an operating system for the new Elliott 503 Mark II computer, although this was unsuccessful and abandoned along with "over thirty man-years of programming effort." (c.f. The Emperor's Old Clothes)
The founder of the UK's first software house, Dina St Johnston, had her first programming job there from 1953-1958. 
John Lansdown pioneered the use of computers as an aid to planning; making perspective drawings on an Elliott 803 computer in 1963, modelling a building's lifts and services, plotting the annual fall of daylight across its site, as well as authoring his own computer aided design (CAD) applications. 
In 1966 the company established an integrated circuit design and manufacturing facility in Glenrothes, Scotland, followed by a MOS semiconductor research laboratory. The Glenrothes site was closed in 1969 following the take over of English Electric by GEC.
Elliott Automation.
Elliott Automation (as it had become) merged with English Electric in 1967. The data processing computer part of the company was then taken over by International Computers and Tabulators (ICT) in 1968; this marriage was forced by the British Government, who believed that the UK required a strong national computer company. The combined company was called International Computers Limited (ICL). The real-time computer part of Elliott Automation remained, and was renamed Marconi Elliott Computer Systems Limited in 1969 and GEC Computers Limited in 1972, and remained in the original Borehamwood research laboratories until the late 1990s. The agreement which governed the split of computer technologies between the two companies disallowed ICT from developing real-time computer systems and disallowed Elliott Automation from developing data processing computer systems for a few years after the split. The remainder of Elliott Automation which produced aircraft instruments and control systems, was retained by English Electric. 
EASAMS.
EASAMS was E A Space and Advanced Military Systems (the EA was never spelled out), based in Frimley, Surrey - first at the nearby Marconi Electronic Systems plant in Chobham Road and later, when it became a limited company, at its headquarters in Lyon Way. It evolved its proprietary EMPRENT an early PERT planning system used for the construction of North Sea Oil platform, and for the BAC TSR-2 which later was incorporated into MRCA multi-role combat aircraft which finally became Panavia Tornado. EASAMS senior management was highly conservative, and a number of innovative engineers working on 'private venture' projects such as Hierarchical Object Oriented Design HOOD and Ada language development left to form their own companies, including Admiral Computing which later merged with Logica, Systems Designers Ltd and Software Sciences (later part of IBM UK).
EASAMS Ltd was an independent company within GEC, founded in 1962 to provide services in system design, operational research and project management. In the 1990s EASAMS became part of Marconi Electronic Systems before losing its identity.
Computers.
The following Elliott computer models were produced:

</doc>
<doc id="2849308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849308" title="Butchertown, Louisville">
Butchertown, Louisville

Butchertown is a neighborhood just east of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA. The first homes in the area were laid out in the 1820s along the newly completed Louisville to Lexington turnpike, referred to in that stretch as Story Avenue.
History.
Two of the first landowners in the area, Whig Party loyalist George Buchanan and Isaac Stewart, had the new community's streets named after major Whig Party members, such as John Quincy Adams, Daniel Webster and Henry Clay. In the 1850s Beargrass Creek was rerouted away from what is now downtown Louisville and through the area, making it an ideal area for butchers and stockyards because the animal remains could be dumped in the creek and such businesses were banned in the downtown area for sanitation reasons. The population swelled as waves of German immigrants entered the area. Bourbon Stockyards, built in 1836, was the first stockyard to locate in Butchertown — currently, parts of the original building house a bank.
Due to the high German population, and resentment of them by supporters of the Know Nothing party, Butchertown was where the "Bloody Monday" riots of August 1855 began as Know Nothings tried to prevent Germans and Irish from voting in an election. The riots killed 22 people.
For the first 100 years of its existence, Butchertown was a thriving residential and industrial area, though other Louisville neighborhoods regarded it as a haven for drunkards and brawlers. However, the area began declining after the great Ohio River flood of 1937 destroyed many of the homes there. Many other homes were demolished for the construction of the Ohio River flood wall, the construction of interstates and the Kennedy Interchange through the area, and the expansion of industrial land into formerly residential areas. Suburbanization continued to bring the residential areas into decline, until the few remaining residents began lobbying for rezoning (the entire area was zoned as industrial), and fixing up vacant and underrepaired houses.
Since the 1990s the area has attracted many young professionals. In recent years, the east Market Street area of downtown Louisville has seen a great deal of revitalization, including the expansion of Waterfront Park, Louisville Slugger Field, and the conversion of empty store fronts into new condominiums. This has helped spur further improvements in Butchertown itself, as many new antique shops and art galleries have opened off the Market Street corridor. Currently, a large condominium complex is planned near the Heigold house, and the former Big Four railroad bridge in the adjacent waterfront park is in the process of being converted into the longest pedestrian only bridge in the world. However, there are also plans as part of the Ohio River Bridges Project to move the Kennedy Interchange further south when it is reconfigured sometime around 2018, meaning that more buildings will likely be razed. Furthermore, A second interstate bridge Just east of the Kennedy Bridge is planned, adding to the existing noise pollution problems in the area.
One of the more exciting projects, is happening in the heart of Butchertown at 1205 E. Washington St. The Building is called The Pointe. This Certified Historic Redevelopment saved a deteriorated warehouse building, and are in the process of converting it into a mixed used development. Ronnie Tasman and Tasman Properties Group are developing this project. Ronnie Tasman is one of the people credited with leading the resurgence of the Bardstown Rd. Baxter Ave areas, in The Highlands.
Butchertown contains several attractions, including the Louisville Extreme Park and Thomas Edison House, a shotgun house near where Thomas Edison lived in 1866 on Washington Street. The remaining front facet of the former early 19th century Heigold house, which features a detailed sketch of important early Whig Party leaders, displays the words "dedicated the greatest man in history, George Washington" etched across its front. The rest of the Fulton Street house has been razed.
Butchertown is bounded by I-65, Main Street, I-71, Beargrass Creek and Mellwood Ave.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Butchertown was 975, of which Whites were 82.8%, Blacks were 7.2%, Hispanics were 5.3%, and other races were 4.7%. Males of all races were 60.1% of the population, while females were 39.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="2849309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849309" title="Juan R. Torruella">
Juan R. Torruella

Juan Rafael Torruella del Valle, Sr. (born June 7, 1933) is a Puerto Rican jurist, who currently serves as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. He is the first and to date only Hispanic to serve in that court. He was born in 1933 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was also a competitive sailor participating in four Olympics.
Education.
Torrruella holds a degree from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. He later received his law degree in 1957 from Boston University School of Law. Additionally, he holds masters degrees from the University of Virginia and the University of Puerto Rico.
Legal career.
Torruella began his career in private practice in San Juan, Puerto Rico in 1959. In 1974, President Gerald Ford nominated Torruella to serve as a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. In this court Torruella served as chief judge from 1982 to 1984.
In 1984, President Ronald Reagan elevated Judge Torruella to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. He was confirmed by the United States Senate that year and became the first Hispanic to serve in that court. He served as chief judge of the court from 1994 to 2001 replacing Chief Judge Stephen Breyer who was appointed an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Torruella has consistently been an advocate of Puerto Rican rights and dissented from a 2005 ruling that Puerto Ricans are properly denied a voice in the election of the president of the United States because Puerto Rico is not a state. On the bench, Torruella is considered to be a moderate. He has ruled in favor of abortion rights, including the First Circuit court's opinion in "Ayotte v. Planned Parenthood".
Torruella is the author of the book "The Supreme Court and Puerto Rico: The Doctrine of Separate and Unequal" (University of Puerto Rico: 1988), a study of the Supreme Court's decisions in the Insular Cases.
Torruella helped declare the DOMA unconstitutional in Boston on May 31, 2012 
On February 13, 2009, Torruella wrote the opinion in "Noonan v. Staples", allowing a suit for libel to proceed because even though the statements at issue were true they reflected "actual malice".
Sailing career.
Torruella competed for in four Olympic sailing events:

</doc>
<doc id="2849312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849312" title="Rhein-Main Air Base">
Rhein-Main Air Base

Rhein-Main Air Base (located at ) was a United States Air Force / NATO military airbase near the city of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It occupied the south side of Frankfurt Airport. Its airport codes are discontinued.
Established in 1945, Rhein-Main Air Base was the primary airlift and passenger hub for United States forces in Europe. It was billed as the "Gateway to Europe". It closed December 30, 2005.
During its operational lifetime, the base's host airlift wing operated C-130 Hercules and Douglas C-9 Nightingale aircraft, as well as supporting a large number of transient C-5 Galaxy, C-141 Starlifter, C-17 Globemaster III, KC-135 Stratotanker and KC-10 Extender flight operations each day, as well as weekly or daily contract air passenger flights for United States personnel arriving in or leaving Europe.
History.
In 1909 Count von Zeppelin used Rhein-Main as a landing site for his dirigible Z-II. The facility was planned by Germany to be one of the most important European air terminals,
The base opened as a German commercial airport in 1936, with the northern part of base used as a field for airplanes and the extreme southern part near Zeppelinheim serving as a base for rigid airships. That section of Rhein-Main later became the port for the Graf Zeppelin, its sister ship LZ-130, and, until 6 May 1937, for the ill-fated Hindenburg.
The airships were dismantled and their huge hangars demolished on 6 May 1940 in conversion of the base to military use. Luftwaffe engineers subsequently extended the single runway and erected hangars and other facilities for German military aircraft. During World War II the Luftwaffe used the field sporadically as a fighter base and as an experimental station for jet aircraft.
USAF use.
After the U.S. 7th Army moved through the Frankfurt area, the 826th Engineer Aviation Battalion (EAB), a unit of the IX Engineer Command, arrived at Frankfurt/Rhein-Main Airfield 26 April 1945 It was classified as Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) Y-73. On 11 May 1945, the engineers began the task of clearing rubble and reconstructing major buildings. The Army engineers also built new runways and extended and widened the existing runway, constructed aprons and hardstands as well as taxiways leading to the terminal.
Initially Frankfurt/Rhein-Main Airfield was used by the Ninth Air Force as a tactical fighter base. Tactical air groups stationed at the airfield were:
Air Transport.
The initial USAAF transport unit at Rhein-Main was the 466th Air Service Group, activated on 20 November 1945. The 466th operated the aerial port, with a mixture of C-47 Skytrain, C-46 Commando, and C-54 Skymaster transport aircraft using the base for transport operations. The Rhein-Main transport passenger and cargo terminal was completed in 1946, and air traffic into Rhein-Main increased after the closure of the military passenger terminal at Orly Air Base France in March 1947, when the USAFE Eastern Air Transport Service opened its hub at Rhein-Main.
The 61st Troop Carrier Group was reassigned to Rhein-Main on 30 September 1946 from nearby Eschborn Air Base and assumed control of the transport mission, carrying out routine transport operations from the base using C-47s and C-54s. Troop Carrier Squadrons of the 61st TCG were the 14th, 15th, and 53d.
Berlin Airlift.
However, the ongoing dispute over Berlin strained relations between the Soviet Union and the Western Allies (United States, United Kingdom, France). On 24 June 1948, the Soviet Union blocked access to the three Western-held sectors of Berlin, which lay deep within the Soviet-controlled zone of Germany, by cutting off all rail and road routes going through Soviet-controlled territory in Germany.
The commander of the American occupation zone in Germany, General Lucius D. Clay, USA, gave the order on 25 June to launch a massive airlift using both civil and military aircraft. Rhein-Main Air Base became the main American terminal in Western Germany for the airlift. The aircraft of the 61st TCG participated using C-54 Skymasters to ferry coal, flour, and other cargo into West Berlin. Additional Troop Carrier Squadrons were assigned to the 61st group, these being the 20th, 48th, and 54th.
On 19 November 1948, the 513th Troop Carrier Group (Special) was activated at Rhein-Main Air Base to assist in the airlift, also using C-54s. Squadrons of the 513th were the 313th, 330th, 331st, 332d, and 333d.
The Soviet Union lifted its blockade at 00:01, on 12 May 1949. However, the airlift did not end until 30 September, as the Western nations wanted to build up sufficient amounts of supplies in West Berlin in case the Soviets blockaded it again.
Cold War.
Although originally envisioned as a bomber base by USAFE, as a result of the Berlin Airlift, Rhein-Main became a principal European air transport terminal. With the end of the blockade, the 513th TCG was inactivated on 16 October 1949. The 61st TCG returned to routine transport operations until the outbreak of the Korean War for duty with Military Air Transport Service (MATS). The 61st was reassigned to McChord Air Force Base, Washington on 21 July 1950.
The 61st was replaced by the 60th Troop Carrier Wing, which transferred from Wiesbaden Air Base, West Germany on 2 June 1950. The 60th was equipped with the heavier C-82 Packet cargo aircraft. In 1953, the C-119 Flying Boxcar arrived, bringing an increased cargo capability to the wing. The 60th TCW consisted of the following squadrons:
In 1955, with the opening of USAFE bases in France, most heavy transport flights were shifted there and Rhein-Main became a passenger and tactical cargo hub. The 60th Troop Carrier Wing relocated to Dreux-Louvillier Air Base, France on 15 October 1955. The 1614th Support Squadron of the 1602nd Air Transport Wing (MATS) headquartered at Chatereaux, France provided aircraft maintenance, passenger services, air cargo handling, hotel operations and airlift operational support during the 1950s and 1960s on behalf of the Military Air Transport Service. Rhein-Main was placed under the 7310th Air Base Wing, and for over a decade provided ground service as well as cargo and passenger loading and unloading for USAFE and MATS transports.
During the Cold War, the dependents of military and government personnel living on base or in the surrounding communities attended the following schools: Gail S. Halvorsen Elementary School, Rhein-Main Elementary School, William H. Tunner Middle School, Rhein-Main Junior High School, Frankfurt American High School.
USAFE turned over the northern part of the base to the German government for use as Flughafen Frankfurt am Main, the chief commercial airport for the greater Frankfurt area, in April 1959, with the remainder of the base remaining in the hands of USAFE as the principal aerial port for U.S. Forces in Germany.
435th Tactical Airlift Wing.
The 1966 closure of USAFE bases in France increased cargo traffic at Rhein-Main extensively. On 1 July 1969, MATS transferred the 435th Tactical Airlift Wing from RAF High Wycombe, England, to Rhein-Main as host unit and upgraded its facilities. Squadrons assigned to Rhein-Main along with the 435th TAW were:
The 435th TAW operated the Rhein-Main air terminal and providing aircraft maintenance for transitory C-17 Globemaster III, C-141 Starlifter and C-5 Galaxy aircraft supporting aerial ports in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
The 37th TAS took part in airlift operations during Operations Desert Shield/Storm in Southwest Asia (the Middle East), from 14 August 1990 – 29 March 1991. It also air-dropped humanitarian supplies in Operation Provide Comfort for the relief of fleeing Kurdish refugees in northern Iraq in April–May 1991. The 37th AS conducted airlift and airdrop missions to Bosnia and Herzegovina for Operation Provide Promise, starting July 1992.
The 55th AAS flew aeromedical missions throughout Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
On 1 July 1975, the USAF and Military Airlift Command entered into an agreement with the Federal Republic of Germany that only transport aircraft be stationed at Rhein-Main Air Base.
Events of note at Rhein-Main Air Base:
Post-Cold War use.
The US and NATO staged Operation Provide Hope, a symbolic yet substantial airlift in February 1992 from Rhein-Main AB. For nearly two weeks, US Air Force C-5A’s and C-141’s delivered several hundred tons of emergency food, medicines, and medical supplies to all twelve new independent states of the former Soviet Union, not only to each capital city but also to several outlying cities, especially across Russia. Small teams of US personnel from various government agencies (On-Site Inspection Agency, USAID, and USDA) had been placed in each destination shortly before the deliveries, to coordinate with local officials and to monitor to the best extent possible that the deliveries reached the intended recipients (i.e., orphanages, hospitals, soup kitchens, and needy families). A closing ceremony to the airlift phase (a much larger ground phase of Operation Provide Hope began in the spring) was held in late February at Rhein-Main AB, using a Russian AN-124 cargo aircraft to transport the last shipment of air-delivered supplies.
On 1 April 1992 the 435th TAW was realigned from Military Airlift Command (MAC) to United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) and redesignated as the 435th Airlift Wing (435 AW). The 37th Tactical Airlift Squadron (37 TAS) was concurrently redesignated as the 37th Airlift Squadron (37 AS) on the same date. At its peak, Rhein-Main AB had a population of 10,000. However by 1993, USAF officials announced the intent to downsize the base by half.
On 1 July 1993, the 55th Aeromedical Airlift Squadron moved to Ramstein Air Base with its C-9A Nightingale aircraft. The 37th Airlift Squadron was subsequently reassigned to Ramstein on 1 October 1994. With these moves completed and most heavy Air Mobility Command (AMC) airlifters moving transcontinenal cargo and passenger traffic to Ramstein and Spangdahlem Air Base, the stage was set for a complete closure in 2005.
On 1 April 1995, the 435 AW was inactivated with Col Donald A. Philpitt, USAF as its last commander. The 435 AW was replaced by the 469th Air Base Group (469 ABG) under USAFE and the 726th Air Mobility Squadron (726 AMS) under AMC. The 469 ABG inactivated on 10 October 2005, with the 726th Air Mobility Squadron being the last USAF unit at Rhein-Main Air Base.
From September 2001 until 2005, Rhein-Main continued to provide support for transient C-130, C-141, C-17, C-5, KC-135, KC-10 and AMC-chartered civilian airliners supporting both US military activities throughout Europe, as well as a waypoint for air mobility operations throughout Southwest Asia in support of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom.
On 30 December 2005, the 726 AMS transferred to Spangdahlem Air Base and the base was turned over to the German Government.
Special Operations.
Although the major mission of Rhein-Main Air Base was strategic and tactical airlift, the base also operated a substantial special operations mission under the cognizance of the former Tactical Air Command (TAC), United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE), the 23d Air Force (23 AF) of the former Military Airlift Command (MAC) and finally the Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC).
7406th Operations Squadron.
The 7406th Operations Squadron was activated at Rhein-Main on 10 May 1955 and received its first aircraft (RB-50s) in March 1956. The RB-50s were replaced with specially configured C-130A-II reconnaissance aircraft in 1958.
The mission of the 7406th was airborne reconnaissance. The 7406th owned and maintained the aircraft and provided the flight crews. A separate USAF Security Service squadron provided the recon crew that manned the intelligence collection positions on the aircraft.
One of these C-130s ("56-0528") was shot down with the loss of a crew of seventeen over Yerevan, Soviet Armenia on 2 September 1958, becoming the first C-130 lost to hostile fire. Four Soviet MiG-17 pilots took turns firing on the unarmed C-130 when the American aircraft inadvertently penetrated Soviet airspace while on a recon mission along the Turkish-Armenian border.
Between June 5 and 10 1967 during the Arab-Israeli Six-Day War the 7406th flew dangerous, UN-armed, missions over the battle gathering electronic intelligence data.
The 7406th continued flying recon missions from Rhein-Main in the C-130B models until 30 June 1973 when the squadron's sister Security Service flying squadron moved to Hellenikon AB, near Athens, Greece. Operational missions were flown until 13 June 1974 from Greece when the unit was disbanded. The 7206th nomenclature continued embodied in the 7206th ABG which was a support group in Athens until 1993. Surveillance missions continued at Hellenikon under the auspices of the 6916th ESS.
The 7406th supplied the aircraft, maintenance and aircrew members. The aircrew consisted of an Aircraft Commander, Copilot, two Navigators and a Flight Engineer. In the back of the C-130's was a crew of radio operators called "Backenders" from the 6911th Radio Squadron Mobile who listened to and interpreted Soviet electronic communications, consisting of voice, Morse code and facsimile transmissions. Together they flew secret spy missions along the Soviet border, landing at USAF bases in Turkey and Greece. There were no facilities for the men to stay in at Hellenikon Air Base in Athens. So the 7406th crew members stayed two to a room, in two hotels in Glifada, Greece. One of the crews favorite places in Glifada was George's Steak House, still there today. Here they enjoyed thick steaks and fresh seafood from the Mediterranean, this was a very small consolation for the long missions they flew.
The 7406th Squadron was inactivated June 30, 1974.
On September 2, 1997 the National Security Agency at The National Vigilance Park, in Fort Meade, Maryland dedicated an Aerial Reconnaissance Memorial with a refurbished C-130A tail number "57-0453" that has been restored to look identical to "56-0528" when it was shot down over Soviet Armenia on September 2, 1958 by a Russian Mig-17. The Aerial Recon Memorial honors all SILENT WARRIORS (all military airborne recon crews) who paid the ultimate price while defending their country.
Click HERE to visit the 7406th Support Squadron's web site where you can learn more about these Cold War Heroes.
7th Special Operations Squadron.
With the relocation of the 7406th to Greece, the 7th Special Operations Squadron was moved from Ramstein to Rhein-Main as one of the units shuffled as part of operation Creek Action. The 7406th's Hercules had been used for covert COMINT missions along the Eastern Bloc borders. The 7th SOS's MC-130Es, code-named Combat Talon, were no less mysterious and were also striking to look at with their matt black camouflage scheme and two large hooks on the nose.
It is these hooks that provided the clue to the covert task of these aircraft because they were the most visible element of the Fulton surface-to-air recovery system invented at the beginning of the 1960s and originally intended for fast and safe recovery of downed pilots from the ground or the sea as well as for the recovery of reconnaissance satellite capsules parachuting to earth.
The recovery system was not generally known about until around 1965 when several C-130s went into action in the Vietnam War. Being also equipped with terrain following radar and a vast amount of ECM equipment, these special EC-130Es were ideally suited for dropping infiltrators and agents behind enemy lines and picking them up again.
This, then, was the type of aircraft used in Europe by the 7th SOS as MC-130E Combat Talons. Although even today very little is known about this special unit. According to a Fact Sheet issued by the 1st SOW, the MC-130Es can be used for infiltration operations in which commando and sabotage units are dropped in enemy territory and for difficult air drops. These drops were often from an extremely low altitude - drops from below fifteen meters were not exceptional.
The 7th SOS's MC-130Es were being spotted in every corner of Europe. One of the most bizarre sightings dates from January 1976 when a traveller from West Berlin saw a low-flying C-130 over the Transitstrasse, the transit route, near Magdeburg in the German Democratic Republic (DDR). Flying at an estimated fifty meters over the motorway, the Hercules disappeared northwards at great speed. It was certainly an MC-130E from the 7th SOS but its unexplained sighting in the DDR makes one believe it was on a clandestine mission.
The 7th SOS was reassigned to the 39th Aerospace Rescue & Recovery Wing, on 1 February 1987 and to the 352d Special Operations Group, on 1 December 1992 relocating in the process to RAF Alconbury, England.
Closure.
On 23 December 1999, the U.S. and German governments agreed to close the facility. The last military passenger and cargo flights took place in late September 2005 and the base's formal closure ceremony took place on 10 October 2005, although the final handover to the German government did not occur until 30 December 2005.
Ramstein and Spangdahlem Air Bases took over all of Rhein-Main's airlift functions. The Frankfurt Airport Authority has proceeded with plans to level nearly the entire base to build a third passenger terminal and other airport facilities.
As of January 2011 the only remaining buildings are:
As of June 2012 only 3 buildings remain: Building 602, 1 straight (Unknown), and the back gate guard house.
All others were demolished to make room for a new office park and the new kitchen/depot for
the LSG SkyChefs catering company, which commenced active service at the end of May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2849318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849318" title="Nursing father">
Nursing father

A nursing father typically refers to the male parent of an infant which provides primary care for the infant. This terminology can refer to many different types of species.
The concept of a "nursing father" for humans is mostly an emerging phenomenon of the 21st century. It is considered a consequence of the changing perceptions of the role of family and women in the Western world. A nursing father may take on the roles which have been traditionally or stereotypically assigned to women. This includes feeding and bathing the infant, and providing all the other necessities for the infant.

</doc>
<doc id="2849325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849325" title="John de Taxster">
John de Taxster

John de Taxster, sometimes erroneously called Taxter or Taxston, was a 13th-century English chronicler in England, of whose life nothing is known except that he was professed as a Benedictine at Bury St. Edmunds Abbey in the county of Suffolk, England on 20 November 1244 until his death. It is probable that he died in or about 1265, when his chronicle ceases. 
His work, which in the earlier part is compiled from Florence of Worcester, William of Malmesbury, and Ralph de Diceto, begins with the creation of the world. The value of the chronicle arises from Taxster's account of his own times. His description of contemporary events was subsequently used by John de Everisden, Johannes de Oxenedes, and Bartholomew Cotton. This part of his work has accordingly attracted more attention, and his chronicle for the period 1258–1263 was printed by H. R. Luard in his edition of Cotton (Rolls Series). 
Taxster's chronicle as a whole has never been printed, and exists only in two manuscripts, one in the British Museum (Cott., Julius, A. 1.), the other in the College of Arms (Arundelian Manuscript, 6). A faulty manuscript for the years 1173–1265 was printed in 1849 for the English Historical Society, and passages relating to German affairs have been included by Pertz in "Mon. Germ. Hist.: Script.", XXVIII.

</doc>
<doc id="2849326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849326" title="HMS Diana (D126)">
HMS Diana (D126)

HMS "Diana" was one of the "Daring" class of destroyers planned during the Second World War by the Royal Navy. The design therefore reflected developments of the Pacific campaign, including long range and the ability to efficiently Replenish At Sea (RAS).
Statistics.
Size.
"Diana's" standard displacement was 3,610 tons. Length and beam of the ship are and respectively, she was capable of steaming at over . The normal peacetime complement of HMS "Diana" was 297 officers and men.
Launch.
The ship was built at Clydebank, Glasgow, by Yarrow and Co. Ltd. (Yard No 1846 ), laid down 3 April 1947 and launched Thursday 8 May 1952 by Lady McGrigor, wife of Admiral of the Fleet Sir Rhoderick McGrigor, and first commissioned 29 March 1954. Originally the name was to be "Druid" but this changed to "Diana" during building.
At the time "Diana" was considered a large destroyer, being nearly as big as a pre-war light cruiser. The "Daring" class was a logical outcome of the Pacific War, where the ability to stay at sea for long periods was of prime importance.
Armament.
The main armament consisted of six dual purpose guns in three totally enclosed turrets, two forward, one aft. At the time of building the control system for the guns was the most advanced in the Royal Navy, being completely radar controlled. The guns were considered, at the time, highly accurate with a high rate of fire.
In summary her armament was: (1960)
Electrical Supply.
The ship's electrical power was produced by two turbine generators and three diesel generators. The current used was 440 volts, 60 cycle Alternating Current (AC) power.
Interestingly, of the eight Darings, four ships were designed to operate on Direct Current (DC) for their electrical supply and four to operate on AC. The object was a practical test to determine which form of electrical supply was the most practical. "Diana" was an AC ship, as were all Royal Navy ships following this 'test'.
Name, Goddess and Crest.
"This "Diana" of ours is a very demanding person, goddesses tend to be that way" Captain GJ Kirkby, DSC **, Royal Navy, Captain, HMS "Diana" 1961. The ship's Commission book of 1961 describes Diana (the goddess) has having a distinctly complex personality. Apart from being the huntress, by the light of the sun she was pure and chaste; by the light of the moon, however, she became abandoned and dark. For a more scholarly article (on the goddess) see Diana (goddess).
Career.
"Diana" saw action during the Suez Crisis, when on 31 October 1956, she torpedoed and sank the Egyptian frigate , which was engaged in a one-sided gun duel with the cruiser in the Red Sea.
South Pacific atomic tests controversy.
In 1956 the "Diana" was ordered into the radioactive fallout zone of a nuclear weapon test near the Monte Bello Islands in the South Pacific. The aim of the order, given by British defence officials, was to discover the effects of atomic fallout, both on the ship itself and upon its 308-strong crew. Since the exposure, around two-thirds of the crew have died, and survivors attest that a variety of fallout-related diseases are responsible. The ship's then-captain, John Gower, who died in 2007 aged 95, wrote after sailing through the fallout zone that he much disliked having to 'continue to serve in a ship, parts of which had been unacceptably radioactive'. As of January 2008, the British Ministry of Defence has refused to pay compensation to the remaining crew of "Diana", citing a legal technicality that all such claims must be lodged within three years of the diagnosis to which they refer. According to newspaper reports, the decision may see the collapse of the claimants' case, or at the least delay the compensation until 2012, at which time more of the ship's crew may have died. This incident is referred to in the SAS drama Ultimate Force by Ross Kemp's character, SSGt Garvie, who claims his father was a crew member at that time.
Sale to the Peruvian Navy.
HMS "Diana" was acquired by the Peruvian Navy in 1969 together with HMS "Decoy". Renamed BAP "Palacios" (DM-73) she served until 1993 when she was stricken.

</doc>
<doc id="2849361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849361" title="Billingbear House">
Billingbear House

Billingbear House was situated in the parish of Waltham St. Lawrence in Berkshire, England, about six miles from Windsor. 
Originally owned by the Bishop of Winchester, the land was given to Sir Henry Neville (father of politician and diplomat, Sir Henry Neville) in 1549 by King Edward VI. He finally took possession in 1567 and began construction of a Tudor mansion. 
With the identification in 2005 of the younger Sir Henry Neville as a candidate for the authorship of the Shakespearean plays and sonnets, it is conceivable that some of those works might have been composed at Billingbear. It has been noted that the play "The Merry Wives of Windsor" displays a knowledge of local towns, a Windsor inn, and a local tale called "Herne the Hunter".
When the house was visited by Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Lorenzo Magalotti in 1669, their host was Colonel John Neville. A member of the duke's retinue painted a view of the house during the two-day stay, which is one of various images to be found in an illustrated manuscript in the Laurentian Library, Florence. An English translation of this manuscript was published in London in 1821; Indian ink copies of the original 17th-century paintings, by Thomas Hosmer Shepherd, were reproduced as scaled-down engravings for inclusion in this publication.
The house stood until 1924, when it was destroyed by fire, and the shell then torn down. The surviving architectural features were used to restore the dilapidated Bulmershe Court, also in Berkshire, in 1925. One room of Billingbear House was transported to the United States in the early 20th century and survives today at Pace College in Manhattan, near the New York City Hall. It is reputedly haunted.

</doc>
<doc id="2849362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849362" title="Eunephrops bairdii">
Eunephrops bairdii

Eunephrops bairdii is a species of marine lobster, commonly called the "red lobster", endemic to the Caribbean Sea. It is found off the coasts of Colombia and Panama at depths of . It reaches a length of up to , which is equivalent to a carapace length of , but is apparently too scarce for commercial exploitation.

</doc>
<doc id="2849366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849366" title="Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 2003 Manitoba provincial election">
Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 2003 Manitoba provincial election

The Manitoba Liberal Party fielded a full slate of 57 candidates in the 2003 provincial election, and won two seats to remain as the third-largest party in the legislature. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
This page also provides information for candidates in by-elections between 2003 and 2007.
Vaughn Ramsay (Arthur-Virden).
Ramsay is a farmer. He was a candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada in the 1979 federal election, and finished third in the Brandon—Souris riding. He served as Mayor of Waskada, a village in southwestern Manitoba of fewer than 300 people, from 1992 to 2006. In 1998, he expressed concern that a proposal to close the local school could result in the destruction of his community. The school remained open, although the closure of N.M. Paterson & Sons grain elevator the following year was a setback for the local economy. He did not run for re-election in 2006.
Monique Graboski (Assiniboia).
Graboski is a former executive director of Manitoba Environmental Industries Association Inc., a representative body of more than three hundred environmental companies and agencies in Manitoba. She is also past president of the Board of Directors for the Women's Health Research Foundation of Canada. Graboski was fifty years old in 2003, and was administrative co-ordinator for a lumber firm in the Inkster Industrial Park. She received 657 votes (8.05%) for a third place finish against New Democratic Party incumbent Jim Rondeau, whom she had voted for in the previous election. As of 2006, Graboski is a marriage commissioner in Winnipeg.
Scott Brigden (Brandon East).
Brigden received 274 votes (4.39%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Drew Caldwell.
Candace Sigurdson (Brandon West).
Sigurdson was a businesswoman in Brandon at the time of the election, owning a custom window coverings design business. She received 346 votes (4.05%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Drew Caldwell.
Tony Sanchez (Burrows).
Sanchez is a past director of the Philippine Association of Manitoba, and a founding member of the Filipino Canada Toastmaster Club. He was a provincial civil servant in the 1990s. He sought the federal New Democratic Party nomination in Winnipeg North Centre for the 1993 federal election, but lost to Maureen Hemphill on the final ballot. 
Sanchez received 1,252 votes (21.58%) in 2003, finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent Doug Martindale.
Walt Roberts (Elmwood).
Roberts received 748 votes (12.47%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Jim Maloway.
Gerry Sankar (Fort Whyte).
Sankar has long been active in organizing multicultural events in Winnipeg. He was president of the Sanatan Dharma Maha Sabha Cultural Organization of Manitoba in the 1990s, and attempted to bring together various cultural groups through events such as the Parade of Cultures ("Winnipeg Free Press", 4 June 1993). The group's 1997 parade included Serbian dancers, calypso music, East Indian singing and dancing, Ukrainian dancers and other events ("WFP", 24 September 1997). Sankar also organized the Indo Tropical Paradise pavilion for Winnipeg's 2002 Folklorama event, celebrating the East Indian culture of the Caribbean ("WFP", 7 August 2002). 
He received 1,803 votes (19.16%) in 2003, finishing third against Progressive Conservative incumbent John Loewen.
Brian Head (Kirkfield Park).
Head was 57 years old at the time of the election, and had been a resident of St. James in Winnipeg for forty-three years. He had worked as a teacher in the area since 1969. As of 2003, he was principal of continuing education for the St. James School Division and principal of the Stevenson Britannia Adult Learning Centre.[http://www.mbteach.org/provincialelection/provelecteachrun.htm] In the early 2000s (decade), he coordinated a piloting program for high school students in the division ("Winnipeg Free Press", 1 August 2000). He received 2,042 votes (22.22%), finishing third against Progressive Conservative leader Stuart Murray.
Mary Lou Bourgeois (Point Douglas).
Bourgeois received 547 votes (14.23%), finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent George Hickes.
Murray Cliff (Radisson).
Cliff received 624 votes (8.42%), finishing third against New Democratic Party candidate Bidhu Jha.
Kristopher Ade (Riel).
Ade is a past president of the Young Liberals of Canada (Manitoba). He has worked in the office of former cabinet minister Reg Alcock. As a high school student, Ade won the World Individual Debating and Public Speaking Championships in 2000, and also represented Canada at the World Schools Debating Championships. 
Ade placed third against New Democrat Christine Melnick with 671 votes.
Ed Kolodziej (St. Johns).
Kolodziej was born and raised in Winnipeg's north end, and is listed as holding a Bachelor's Degree in Economics from the University of Winnipeg. As of 2004, he was a director of Entegra Credit Union and a property assessor for the province.[http://www.entegra.ca/public/bins/content_page.asp?cid=4-22-28
He received 745 votes (12.77%), finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent Gord Mackintosh.
Betty Ann Watts (Transcona).
Watts was a trustee in the Transcona-Springfield School Division from 1989 to 1998, and served as its chair prior to the 1998 municipal election (in which she was not a candidate). She supported greater parental involvement in school activities, and played an organizational role in Ukrainian language bilingualism programs. In 1996, she was elected chair of the Manitoba Multicultural Resources Centre.
Watts has campaigned for the Manitoba Liberal Party in two elections. She has also worked as Managing Editor for "The Cottager" magazine, and coordinated the 2007 Magazines Mean Business conference.
Val Mollison (Wolseley).
Mollison has worked as Manger of Communication Services for London Life Insurance Company and Great-West Lifeco Inc, and as a university lecturer. She was one of the first Liberal candidates nominated in 2003. She received 766 votes (12.52%), finishing third against New Democratic Party candidate Rob Altemeyer.
Jean Paterson (Fort Whyte by-election, 13 December 2005).
Paterson was born in Montreal, Quebec, and has a Ph.D. from McGill University. She specializes in brain research, and had 27 years' teaching experience with the University of Manitoba at the time of the election. In 1994, she became the first woman to reach the rank of full professor in the university's Department of Human Anatomy. She has been a member of the Fort Whyte Centre for Environmental Education, and secretary-treasurer of the Waverley West Residents' Association. She received 1,466 votes (21.63%), finishing third against Progressive Conservative candidate Hugh McFadyen.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2849368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849368" title="Cesc">
Cesc

Cesc or CESC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849373" title="Directors Label">
Directors Label

Directors Label is a series of DVDs devoted to notable music video directors.
First released in 2003 by Palm Pictures, the series was created by Spike Jonze, Chris Cunningham, and Michel Gondry, the subjects of the first three volumes. Four new volumes were released in 2005, this time featuring Mark Romanek, Jonathan Glazer, Anton Corbijn and Stéphane Sednaoui. A second volume of Gondry's work was released exclusively on his website.
Though another series has not yet been confirmed, other directors rumoured to be in future releases are Mike Mills, Shynola, Samuel Bayer, Jonas Åkerlund, Tarsem, David LaChapelle, Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, Jean-Baptiste Mondino and Roman Coppola. A second volume of Gondry's work has been released.
In 2010, several years after the last collection was released, Palm Pictures issued a DVD collection of videos by Hammer & Tongs exclusively in the United Kingdom.
Volume 1: The Work of Director Spike Jonze.
52 Page Book.
Jonze's photographs, drawings and interviews
Volume 2: The Work of Director Chris Cunningham.
Special Features.
Making of "All Is Full of Love"
52 Page Book.
Behind the scenes photographs, storyboards, sketchbook drawings, record cover art and interview
Volume 3: The Work of Director Michel Gondry.
52 Page Book.
Michel's stories, drawings photographs & interviews.
Omissions.
Trailers for "Volume 3: The Work Of Director Michel Gondry" (found on the Volume 1 and Volume 2 DVDs, as well as on Palm Pictures' website) include clips of, as well as references to, Gondry's heavily autobiographical video for Radiohead's "Knives Out." It is unclear why this video was omitted from the final DVD; however, as of June 2008, it is available on the compilation DVD "", released by EMI after the band had left its contract.
On August 2009, "Knives Out" along with other omissions and more recent works of Gondry's were released on a follow-up DVD appropriately titled, "Michel Gondry 2: More Videos (Before and After DVD 1) for sale exclusively on michelgondry.com
Volume 4: The Work of Director Mark Romanek.
56 Page Book.
Includes photographs by Mark Romanek and Spike Jonze interview with Mark
Volume 5: The Work of Director Jonathan Glazer.
Tramp.
Paul Kaye
56 Page Book.
Includes photographs, sketches, storyboards and interview.
Volume 6: The Work of Director Anton Corbijn.
56 Page Book.
Anton's photos, text and drawings.
Volume 7: The Work of Director Stephane Sednaoui.
56 Page Book.
Diary of photos, storyboards, sketches and comments
The Hammer & Tongs Collection.
Palm Pictures released a DVD collection of videos by Hammer & Tongs - the duo of director Garth Jennings and producer Nick Goldsmith - on November 22, 2010. Although a Director's Label set for the duo had long been planned, the eventual DVD set did not carry the name. However, press coverage of the set universally referred to the collection as apart of The Director's Label. It is the only collection of music videos released by Palm Pictures since the Stephane Sednaoui set and was only made available in Europe.
Series 1 Box Set.
Shortly after the release of the first three volumes, Palm Pictures released a box set including all three plus a bonus disc featuring more recent content. Because no additional Cunningham videos were included on the disc, the box set also included a poster with images from the Cunningham disc. Those who purchased the three volumes individually could receive the bonus disc and poster by e-mailing Palm Pictures, but Palm Pictures is no longer able to provide the bonus DVD and Poster.
Series 2 Box Set.
Palm Pictures released a box set of Volumes 4-7 immediately upon their individual releases. Unlike the first box set, there was no additional content save for the box itself.

</doc>
<doc id="2849378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849378" title="CKEditor">
CKEditor

CKEditor (formerly FCKeditor) is a ready-for-use open source WYSIWYG text editor from CKSource designed to bring common word processor features directly to web pages, simplifying their content creation. It aims to be lightweight and requires no client-side installation. CKEditor is distributed under the GPL, LGPL and MPL licenses.
Its core code is written in JavaScript, having server-side connectors with Active-FoxPro, ASP, ASP.NET, ColdFusion, Java, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python and Ruby on Rails.
History of CKEditor project.
The first version of CKEditor, under the name FCKeditor, was released in March 2003 by Frederico Caldeira Knabben, the creator of the editor and the project's Benevolent Dictator for Life. FCKeditor 0.8 supported XHTML, "Paste from Word" and Internet Explorer 5.0. In June 2006 FCKeditor reached 1 million downloads. During the next two years, partnerships with Oracle Corporation and IBM Corporation were signed. After crossing 3 million downloads, FCKeditor was completely reviewed and redesigned into CKEditor 3.0, with special attention given to performance, accessibility and a new UI. In December 2012, CKEditor 4.0 was released with an Inline Editing solution, reformatted source code, enhanced DOM and CSS performance, a new skin and an add-ons repository.
Compatibility.
CKEditor uses YUI Graded Browser Support as the basis for its compatibility requirements. CKEditor 3.x is compatible with most internet browsers, including Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 8.0 Quirks, 9.0 (Windows), all major Firefox releases starting from 3.†, Safari 5.†, latest stable Google Chrome, latest stable Opera and Camino 1.0+ (Macintosh).
Accessibility support.
CKEditor is WAI-ARIA and Section 508 compliant. It also supports high contrast and interface keyboard navigation.
CKEditor features.
CKEditor brings to websites popular editing features found in desktop word processors such as: styles formatting (bold, italic, underline), web resource linking, a safe undo function, paste from Word and other common HTML formatting tools.
The following new features were introduced in CKEditor 4.0: new skin; Inline Editing, which is an HTML5 feature that removes the old text areas allowing website users to edit pages directly in their final state; centralize add-ons repository where all community plugins and skins can be submitted and freely shared; CKBuilder tool for building customized editors.
CKEditor customization.
CKEditor 4.0 has been redesigned to provide website owners and developers new customization tools. The editor can be fitted with plugins and a skin selected from the CKEditor add-ons repository. Virtually every element of the editor is now modular, facilitating third-party plugin and skin contributions.
The process of CKEditor customization is supported by CKBuilder, a special tool created for plugin, skin and language management. The result is an editor adapted to each developer’s specific needs.
Localization.
CKEditor is translated into more than 60 languages, including major ones like French, German, Italian, Dutch, Chinese, Spanish, Portuguese, as well as some less common like Welsh, Uighur and Gujarati.
Project support.
The CKEditor project is supported by community leaders and members rallied around a Developer Center, GitHub repository, and Forums.
CKEditor CMS modules.
Native CKEditor open source integration modules are present in selected Content Management Systems: Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress.
Related products.
CKSource offers a commercial version of CKEditor, a dedicated Ajax file manager and product packages natively integrated with Drupal or Joomla CMS.
Image and File uploading with CKEditor.
CKEditor's API supports images and file uploading to server and inserting to editing document, but has no tools for doing it by default.
If you want to have such functionality, you can install one of plugins to CKEditor. Here is a short list of them:
Also there is a set of another uploaders which became not compatible with CKEditor since its v. 4 had been released.
MediaWiki+FCKeditor.
MediaWiki+FCKeditor was a branch of FCKeditor developed for WYSIWYG wiki editing. Support for both have been discontinued. For more information, see .
Vulnerabilities.
Versions of FCKeditor prior to 2.6.4.1 allowed remote attackers to create executable files on the hosting server via a directory traversal vulnerability. 
Previous versions of CKEditor, FCKeditor 2.5.1 and 2.6.6, contain a file renaming bug that allows remote code execution. Specifically, it is possible to upload ASP code via the ASP.NET connector in FCKeditor. The vulnerability requires that the remote server be running IIS. The vulnerability was discovered by security researchers from Rapid7 in August 2010. Subsequent releases have fixed the problem.
Versions prior to 2.6.7 were vulnerable to a cross-site scripting vulnerability. 

</doc>
<doc id="2849381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849381" title="Jaime Vendera">
Jaime Vendera

Jaime Vendera is an author, television personality and voice strengthening coach.
While filming an episode of "MythBusters", Vendera shattered a wine glass using only his unaided voice. According to co-host Adam Savage this is the first time such an event was recorded on camera. Vendera said the show's producers contacted him after a fellow singer and Vendera's vocal teacher, Jim Gillette from the 1980s band Nitro, could not do the show. He first performed with the MythBusters on Good Morning America, shattering a wine glass with the aid of an amplifier when his opponent could not shatter the glass.
During the filming of MythBusters, Vendera's voice was measured at 117 dB at 48", translating into 120 dB at one meter as recorded by Dr. Roger Schwenke of Meyer Sound Laboratories. Since his MythBusters appearances, Vendera has performed on other US shows such as "I've Got a Secret", "Timewarp", the "Sonic1 Toothbrush" infomercial, "Dr. Oz", and "Guinness World Records Gone Wild". He has also performed on shows in France, Germany, Japan, and China. He also conducts worldwide vocal workshops with his band, VENDERA.
He is the author of a growing list of books, audio lessons, and instructional videos all published through venderapublishing.com:
Besides writing his own books, he also publishes other music related books through venderapublishing.com by authors such as Elizabeth Sabine, James Lugo, Valerie Bastien, David Katz, Anne Loader McGee and more. As well, he co-produces fiction books for 711press.com with production partner Daniel Middleton. Besides writing and producing books, he teaches voice through the Vendera Vocal Academy at jaimevendera.com. Some of his clients include singers James LaBrie (Dream Theater), Terry Ilous (XYZ, Great White), Matt Devine (Kill Hannah), Clayton Stroope (Thriving Ivory), Ben Thomas (Dweezil Zappa), Phil Taylor (Future Leaders of the World, Machina), Lizzy Devine (former Vains of Jenna singers), Bob Harris (Steve Vai, Zappa), Chris Richardson and Kevin Rudolf.

</doc>
<doc id="2849388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849388" title="Protestantism in Puerto Rico">
Protestantism in Puerto Rico

Protestantism in Puerto Rico officially started in 1872 when the first Protestant church was established on the island. Protestantism is one of the major groupings within Christianity. It is used more broadly to refer to Christianity outside "of a Catholic or Eastern church" Before the islands of Puerto Rico came under United States sovereignty in 1898, Protestantism was forbidden under Roman Catholic Spanish rule.
History.
In Montaña, Aguadilla, a group called "los bíblicos" met clandestinely under the direction of Antonio Badillo. Many freethinkers and Protestants belonged to Masonic lodges, as many in the older generation still do. In 1872, the first Protestant church was established in Puerto Rico, when Bishop W. W. Jackson, from the Anglican dioceses of Antigua provided for the creation of the Holy Trinity Anglican Church in Ponce, followed several years later by All Saints Anglican Church in Vieques.
Soon after the change of sovereignty, United States Protestant denominations agreed to divide the island in order to facilitate missionary penetration. The two existing Anglican churches in Ponce and Vieques served as the basis for a new diocese of the Episcopal Church of the United States, which has since had six diocesan bishops. Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, Congregationalists and Disciples of Christ started the missionary work. While the President appointed the governors, these denominations were influential in government policies. After the 1940s this changed; nevertheless Protestantism kept growing, particularly Pentecostalism, which grew mostly among the poor and the rural.
Institutions.
Mainline Protestants started educational and health institutions. Presbyterians founded InterAmerican University, with 11 campuses and 40,000 students, and Ashford Presbyterian Hospital in San Juan. Seventh-day Adventists founded Adventist University near Mayagüez. In 1907, the Episcopal Church established St. Luke's Hospital in Ponce, the centerpiece of a multi-hospital health services organization today. An interdenominational Seminary, Seminario Evangélico de Puerto Rico was begun in 1909. There is a Council of Churches, founded by the cooperating denominations of the original community agreement. In 1940, Juanita Garcia Peraza and her followers founded the "Mita" congregation, the only Protestant religion of Puerto Rican origin.
Present situation.
Estimates of the Protestant population vary greatly. The CIA factbook, estimates that 85% of the population is Roman Catholic while the remaining 15% are Protestants and other religions. Pollster Pablo Ramos stated in 1998 that the population was 38% Roman Catholic, 28% Pentecostal, and 18% were members of independent churches, which would give a Protestant percentage of 46% if the last two populations are combined. Protestants, collectively added up to almost two million people. "The conclusion is that Puerto Rico is no longer predominantly Catholic." 
Another researcher gave a more conservative assessment of the proportion of Protestants: "Puerto Rico, by virtue of its long political association with the United States, is the most Protestant of Latin American countries, with a Protestant population of approximately 33 to 38 percent, the majority of whom are Pentecostal. David Stoll calculates that if we extrapolate the growth rates of evangelical churches from 1960-1985 for another twenty-five years Puerto Rico will become 75 percent evangelical." It should be noted, however, that Guatemala and Honduras have similar proportions of Protestants, with Guatemala probably being the highest.

</doc>
<doc id="2849396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849396" title="The Sun Chronicle">
The Sun Chronicle

The Sun Chronicle (formerly The Attleboro Sun and the Evening Chronicle) is a daily newspaper in Attleboro, Massachusetts, USA. Most of its readers are in Attleboro and North Attleborough, Massachusetts, but it also covers nearby Foxborough, Mansfield, Norfolk, Norton, Plainville, Rehoboth, Seekonk, and Wrentham, Massachusetts.
"The Sun Chronicle" office also publishes the weekly "Foxboro Reporter", weekly shopper "Entertainment ADvisor", and the "Silver City Bulletin" in Taunton, Massachusetts.
In February 2005, "The Sun Chronicle" began publishing in the morning after decades as an afternoon newspaper.
Beginnings.
"The Sun Chronicle" was founded in 1971 by Guy S. DeVany, who merged "The Attleboro Sun" (1889–1971), of which he was publisher, with "The Evening Chronicle" of North Attleborough (1871–1971). An advertisement on the back cover of the 12-page final edition of "The Attleboro Sun" declared: "The new "Sun Chronicle" will be an adventure in print . . . stimulating . . . provocative . . . at times disturbing . . . always interesting." The 20-page first issue of "The Sun Chronicle" was published on March 1, 1971.
The North Attleborough "Evening Chronicle" began February 3, 1871 as "The Attleborough Chronicle", a 4-page weekly founded by Walter Phillips, a Providence newspaperman whose wife was Attleboro native Francena Capron. Phillips moved the newspaper's headquarters to North Attleboro in January 1873. Its name was changed to the North Attleborough "Evening Chronicle" in 1887, when the town of North Attleborough split from Attleboro.
"The Attleboro Sun" published its first issue September 3, 1889. For decades the two papers were friendly rivals.
The "Chronicle" was a small newspaper with big connections; for most of its history, its publisher was the prominent Republican Congressman Joseph W. Martin, Jr., who served in the House from 1925 to 1967 and was Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1947 to 1949 and again from 1953 to 1955. Martin ran the "Chronicle" for six decades, and gave North Attleboro a reputation for conservatism.
The "Attleboro Sun", for its part, was sold by a group of local businessmen in 1906 to John S. Vallette, an advertising salesman for "The Providence Journal". He appointed a 19-year-old reporter, Charles C. Cain, Jr., as the paper's editor.
Vallette expanded the newspaper's reach, and pushed for Attleboro to adopt a city form of government, which it did in 1914. Then in 1929, Cain became the newspaper's publisher, and in 1933 he appointed Clarence D. Roberts as editor. Roberts remained with the paper for about half a century, in later years contributing columns from Florida.
Merger.
In 1957, Charles Cain sold the "Sun" to a group of local businessmen. DeVany, who published newspapers in the Midwest, replaced Cain. His tenure was marked by the "Sun"'s modernization. In 1969, it was he who engineered the sale of the paper to Howard J. Brown and United Communications Corporation. Meanwhile, Joe Martin died in 1968, and two years later his brother sold the "Chronicle" to United Communications Corp., too.
The "Sun" and the "Chronicle" operated separately under the same ownership for one year until they merged in March 1971 and became "The Sun Chronicle". At the time, their combined circulation was 16,000.
DeVany and General Manager Paul A. Rixon modernized the new "Sun Chronicle", expanded its facilities, and boosted its circulation. For example, "The Sun Chronicle" says it was the first newspaper to convert from hot-type production to offset printing.
DeVany retired in 1983, and Rixon, who had been with the paper since 1960, took over as publisher. He continued the "Sun Chronicle"'s modernization, and also acquired "The Foxboro Reporter" in 1986. Rixon launched a Sunday edition of "The Sun Chronicle" in 1989.
Rixon retired in 1998, and was replaced as publisher by General Manager Oreste P. D'Arconte, who had joined "The Attleboro Sun" as a reporter in 1969. D'Arconte launched "The Sun Chronicle"'s web site in January 1999.
As of June 2007 "The Sun Chronicle"'s circulation was growing - though that trend reversed in the following years - while its website averaged 11,000 visitors a day in the first half of 2007. A redesigned web site was quietly launched in April 2008.
United Communications Corporation, which owns "The Sun Chronicle", also owns two other dailies, the "Kenosha News" of Wisconsin and "Watertown Public Opinion" of South Dakota.
Prices.
"The Sun Chronicle" prices are: $1.00 daily, $2.50 Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="2849397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849397" title="Unifying Theories of Programming">
Unifying Theories of Programming

Unifying Theories of Programming (UTP) deals with program semantics. It shows how denotational semantics, operational semantics and algebraic semantics can be combined in a unified framework for the formal specification, design and implementation of programs and computer systems.
The book of this title by C.A.R. Hoare and He Jifeng was published in the Prentice Hall International Series in Computer Science in 1998.
Theories.
The semantic foundation of the UTP is the first-order predicate calculus, augmented with fixed point constructs from second-order logic. Following the tradition of Eric Hehner, programs are predicates in the UTP, and there is no distinction between programs and specifications at the semantic level. In the words of Hoare:
A computer program is identified with the strongest predicate describing every relevant observation that can be made of the behaviour of a computer executing that program.
In UTP parlance, a "theory" is a model of a particular programming paradigm. A UTP theory is composed of three ingredients:
Program refinement is an important concept in the UTP. A program formula_1 is refined by formula_2 if and only if every observation that can be made of formula_2 is also an observation of formula_1.
The definition of refinement is common across UTP theories:
formula_5
where formula_6 denotes the universal closure of all variables in the alphabet.
Relations.
The most basic UTP theory is the alphabetised predicate calculus, which has no alphabet restrictions or healthiness conditions. The theory of relations is slightly more specialised, since a relation's alphabet may consist of only:
Some common language constructs can be defined in the theory of relations as follows:
formula_9
formula_15
formula_16
formula_17
formula_18
formula_21

</doc>
<doc id="2849399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849399" title="Isobutanol">
Isobutanol

Isobutanol (IUPAC nomenclature: 2-methylpropan-1-ol) is an organic compound with the formula (CH3)2CHCH2OH. This colorless, flammable liquid with a characteristic smell is mainly used as a solvent. Its isomers include "n"-butanol, 2-butanol, and "tert"-butanol, all of which are important industrially.
Production.
Isobutanol is produced by the carbonylation of propylene. Two methods are practiced industrially, hydroformylation is more common and generates a mixture of isobutyraldehydes, which are hydrogenated to the alcohols and then separated. Reppe carbonylation is also practiced.
Biosynthesis of Isobutanol.
Isobutanol is also produced naturally during the fermentation of carbohydrates and may also be a byproduct of the decay process of organic matter. The biosynthetic pathway used to produce isobutanol was first discovered in species of bacteria from the genus "Clostridium". This pathway has been genetically engineered into several species of microorganisms which are more easily manipulated by current scientific methods than microorganisms of the genus "Clostridium". Although these engineered organisms are capable of producing isobutanol, they have not yet achieved the ability to produce isobutanol in quantities large enough for commercial use. These organisms are being moved toward commercialization through genetic modifications which allow higher yields of isobutanol. The organisms being pursued as commercial isobutanol producers are listed below:
Cyanobacteria.
Cyanobacteria, are a phylum of photosynthetic bacteria. Cyanobacteria are suited for isobutanol biosynthesis when genetically engineered to produce isobutanol. Isobutanol producing species of cyanobacteria offer several advantages as biofuel synthesizers:
The primary drawbacks of Cyanobacteria are:
"Escherichia coli".
"Escherichia coli", or "E. coli", is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacteria. "E. coli" is the microorganism most likely to move on to commercial production of isobutanol. In its engineered form "E. coli" produces the highest yields of isobutanol of any microorganism. Methods such as elementary mode analysis have been used to improve the metabolic efficiency of "E. coli" so that larger quantities of isobutanol may be produced. "E. coli" is an ideal isobutanol bio-synthesizer for several reasons:
The primary drawback of "E. coli" is that it is susceptible to bacteriophages when being grown. This susceptibility could potentially shut down entire bioreactors.
"Bacillus subtilis".
"Bacillus subtilis" is a gram-positive rod-shaped bacteria. "Bacillus subtilis" offers many of the same advantages and disadvantages of "E. coli", but it is less prominently used and does not produce isobutanol in quantities as large as "E. coli". Similar to "E. coli", "Bacillus subtilis" is capable of producing isobutanol from lignocellulose, and is easily manipulated by common genetic techniques. Elementary mode analysis has also been used to improve the isobutanol-synthesis metabolic pathway used by "Bacillus subtilis", leading to higher yields of isobutanol being produced.
"Saccharomyces cerevisiae".
"Saccharomyces cerevisiae", or "S. cerevisiae" is a species of yeast. "S. cerevisiae" naturally produces isobutanol in small quantities via its valine biosynthetic pathway. "S. cerevisiae" is an ideal candidate for isobutanol biofuel production for several reasons:
Overexpression of the enzymes in the valine biosynthetic pathway of "S. cerevisiae" has been used to improve isobutanol yields. "S. cerevisiae", however, has proved difficult to work with because of its inherent biology: 
"Ralstonia eutropha".
"Ralstonia eutropha" is a gram-negative soil bacterium of the betaproteobacteria class. "Ralstonia eutropha" is capable of converting electrical energy into isobutanol. This conversion is completed in several steps: 
This method of isobutanol production offers a way to chemically store energy produced from sustainable sources.
Applications.
Isobutanol has a variety of technical and industrial applications:
Second Generation Biofuel.
Isobutanol can be used as a biofuel substitute for gasoline in the current petroleum infrastructure. Isobutanol has not yet been put into mainstream use as a biofuel and would serve as a replacement for ethanol. Ethanol is a first generation biofuel, and is used primarily as a gasoline additive in the petroleum infrastructure. Isobutanol is a second generation biofuel with several qualities that resolve issues presented by ethanol.
Isobutanol's properties make it an attractive biofuel:
Safety and regulation.
Isobutanol is one of the least toxic of the butanols with an of 2460 mg/kg (rat, oral). 
In March 2009, the Canadian government announced a ban on isobutanol use in cosmetics.

</doc>
<doc id="2849405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849405" title="Geminal halide hydrolysis">
Geminal halide hydrolysis

Geminal halide hydrolysis is an organic reaction. The reactants are a geminal dihalide and water or a hydroxide. The reaction product is a ketone or an aldehyde. The first part of the reaction mechanism consists of an ordinary nucleophilic aliphatic substitution to produce a "gem"-halohydrin. The remaining halide is a good leaving group and this enables the newly created hydroxy group to revert to a carbonyl group expelling the halide. Geminal trihalides (e.g. benzotrichloride) are first hydrolized to acid halides (e.g. benzoyl chloride) in a similar way and further to carboxylic acids. Similar reactions involving any strong electronegative functional group, such as a nitrile, in place of the halide also occur.

</doc>
<doc id="2849406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849406" title="Larroque-Toirac">
Larroque-Toirac

Larroque-Toirac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Overlooked by a medieval castle, the village lies halfway between Figeac and Cajarc in the valley of the Lot River.
The castle (Château de Larroque-Toirac) was built in the 12th century and improved over the following 300 years. It is now a popular tourist attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="2849414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849414" title="Big Bang (financial markets)">
Big Bang (financial markets)

The phrase Big Bang, used in reference to the sudden deregulation of financial markets, was coined to describe measures, including abolition of fixed commission charges and of the distinction between stockjobbers and stockbrokers on the London Stock Exchange and change from open-outcry to electronic, screen-based trading, enacted by the United Kingdom government in 1986.
The day the London Stock Exchange's rules changed on 27 October 1986 was dubbed the "Big Bang" because of the increase in market activity expected from an aggregation of measures designed to alter the structure of the financial market.
The effect of the Big Bang led to significant changes to the structure of the financial markets in London. The changes saw many of the old firms being taken over by large banks both foreign and domestic and would lead in the following years to further changes to the regulatory environment that would eventually lead to the creation of the financial services authority.
Policy.
In the UK, Big Bang became one of the cornerstones of the Thatcher government's reform programme. Prior to these reforms, the once-dominant financial institutions of the City of London were failing to compete with foreign banking. While London was still a global centre of finance, it had been surpassed by New York, and was in danger of falling still further behind.
Thatcher's government claimed that the two problems behind the decline of London banking were overregulation and the dominance of elitist old boy networks and that the solution lay in the free market doctrines of unfettered competition and meritocracy.
Consequences.
The effects of Big Bang were dramatic, with London's place as a financial capital decisively strengthened, to the point where it is arguably the world's most important financial centre. The boom resulted in the relocation of institutions into new developments in the nearby Isle of Dogs area, particularly that of Canary Wharf.
Although the "Big Bang" eased stock market transactions there is a debate in the UK about how far it affected the 2007–2012 global financial crisis.
In 2010, Nigel Lawson, Thatcher's Chancellor at the time, appeared on the Analysis program to discuss banking reform, explaining that the 2007–2012 global financial crisis was an unintended consequence of the "Big Bang". He said that UK investment banks, previously very cautious with what was their own money, had merged with high street banks putting depositors' savings at risk and ...according to the program leading US banks to follow suit. 
In 2011 Gordon Brown said that deregulation of the banking sector by the incoming Labour Government of 1997 had also contributed by failing to understand how interdependent the banks were. Speaking at the Institute for New Economic Thinking's annual conference in Bretton Woods New Hampshire, Brown, Chancellor from 1997-2007 reviewed his changes:
Similar events.
Subsequent similar actions, such as the deregulation of the Japanese financial markets in 2001, have analogously also been tagged with the phrase Big Bang.

</doc>
<doc id="2849418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849418" title="Eliyahu Chaim Rosen">
Eliyahu Chaim Rosen

Eliyahu Chaim Rosen (1899–1984) was a respected rabbi and leader of the Breslov Hasidim in Uman, Ukraine before World War II. After immigrating to Israel in 1936, he founded the Breslover Yeshiva in Jerusalem and served as its rosh yeshiva for decades.
Introduction to Uman.
Rosen was born in Pułtusk, Poland, which was then part of the Russian Empire. He was orphaned as a very young boy. He was sent to a nearby city to begin learning Torah at the age of five, and proved himself to be a gifted student.
At the age of 12, he was accepted at the Łomża Yeshiva. There, he came across a copy of "Tikkun HaKlali" (Rebbe Nachman of Breslov's "General Remedy"), and met a Breslover Hasid who convinced him to visit the Breslover community in Uman. Rosen made the trip in 1914. Later he said that what impressed him about the community was that the followers of Rebbe Nachman, who were obviously Hasidim, abided by all the "halachot" of the Shulchan Aruch without engaging in "Hasidic twists" or reinterpretations of the law.
Rosen decided to stay in Uman, however, after he heard that Rebbe Nachman had said, "The most difficult spiritual devotion is far easier than a simple physical transaction." He sought an explanation from Rabbi Abraham Chazan, a leading Breslover teacher. (Chazan had moved to Jerusalem, but visited Uman every year. During World War II, Chazan was unable to leave the country and spent the time teaching and strengthening the Breslover community in Uman.) 
Chazan explained, ""Hitbodedut" (meditation) is the greatest spiritual devotion one can perform. All it takes is speaking with one's mouth. Even earning just a small amount of money requires more effort than that." Upon hearing this, Rosen decided to remain in Uman and continue to learn from Chazan and other Breslover rabbis.
Community leader.
Eventually, Rosen and Rabbi Levi Yitzchok Bender became the joint leaders of the Breslover community in Uman.
Rosen displayed his commitment to his flock during a government-engineered famine in Ukraine engineered by Joseph Stalin's forced collectivization of agriculture (see "Holodomor"). Rosen organized shipments from the bread lines in Moscow to the starving community in Uman, and also appealed to the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee for assistance. This latter act brought Rosen and Bender to the attention of the NKVD in November 1935. The two were arrested and charged with making contact with foreign organizations. They were imprisoned, put on trial and faced the death sentence, but won an unexpected reprieve from by a sympathetic Jewish official in the Ministry of Justice in Kiev.
Rosen and Bender were allowed to return to their homes, but were placed under "city arrest" and not allowed to leave Uman. However, both men fled the city. While Bender migrated from place to place, Rosen traveled straight to Moscow to pick up an exit visa that he had applied for in 1931.
Aliyah to Israel.
When the exit visa was ready, he used it to flee to Jerusalem, together with his family, arriving in the summer of 1936.
Rosen's arrival heralded a new beginning for the fledgling Breslover community in Israel. Together with Rabbi Abraham Sternhartz, who had also immigrated to Jerusalem in 1936, Rosen led the Breslover community in Israel with warmth and dedication. 
Yeshiva founder.
In 1937, he founded the Breslover Yeshiva in the Old City and served as its rosh yeshiva.
Sixteen years later, he spearheaded the construction of a larger Breslover synagogue and yeshiva in Meah Shearim. His ambitious plans for a four-story structure were ridiculed by some, since there were only about 150 Breslover Hasidim in the entire country at the time. Today, however, the building is not large enough to house the many people who come to it for prayers and study. The yeshiva building also operates "gemachs" (free-loan funds) for needy families, medical expenses and general loans.
Beyond his responsibilities as rosh yeshiva, Rosen was a central address for all who sought a sympathetic ear for their problems and worries. Invariably visitors would leave his study wondering what had bothered them so much in the first place. The problems didn't disappear, but Rosen was able to cut away all the surrounding anxieties and pressures and zero in on the one issue that the person needed to work on to improve his situation. Rosen often explained, "The Torah has five Books. The Shulchan Aruch has four volumes. What happened to the fifth volume? That corresponds to one's common sense, knowing where and how to apply your knowledge."
Weakened by typhus and other ailments during his youth, Rosen nevertheless radiated strength, joy and serenity throughout his life. Even when he grew very weak near the end of his life, he arose every night at midnight to recite the "Tikkun Chatzot" (Midnight Lament) and practiced "hitbodedut" regularly. When people asked him how he found the strength to pursue these rigorous devotions, he answered, "If you get used to it when you are young, it comes automatically after so many years." In the last year of his life, when he was bedridden most of the time, he remarked, "What would I be able to do now, if I didn't have Rebbe Nachman's advice of "hitbodedut"?"

</doc>
<doc id="2849420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849420" title="Cai (surname)">
Cai (surname)

Cài (Simplified and Traditional Chinese: ) is a Chinese surname that derives from the name of the ancient Cai state. It is regionally more common in China's Fujian Province and in countries settled by ethnic Chinese from that province than in China as a whole. The surname is the 34th most common surname in China, but the 9th most common in Taiwan, where it is usually romanized as Tsai, and the 8th most common in Singapore, where it is usually romanized as Chua. It is also a common name in Hong Kong where it is romanized as Choy, Choi or Tsoi and in Malaysia as Chua,in Thailand as Chuo(ฉั่ว). Moreover, it is also romanized in Cambodia as either Chhay or Chhuor among Chinese Cambodians.
History.
The Cais are said to be the descendants of the 5th son of King Wen of Zhou, Ji Du. Ji Du was awarded the title of marquis ("hóu") of the State of Cai (centered on what is now Shangcai, Zhumadian, Henan, China), and he was known as Cai Shu Du ("Uncle Du of Cai"). Together with Guan Shu and Huo Shu, they were known as the Three Guards. When King Wu died, his son King Cheng was too young and his uncle, the Duke of Zhou, became regent. Seeing that the power of the Duke of Zhou was increasing, the Three Guards got jealous and rebelled against Zhou together with Wu Geng. The Duke of Zhou suppressed the rebellion, and Cai Shu was exiled. King Cheng reestablished Cai Shu’s son Wu or Hu as the new Duke of Cai. Some 600 years later in the Warring States period, the State of Chu conquered Cai in 447 BC and was itself conquered by the Qin state which, in turn, formed the Qin Empire, China's first empire. With the spread of family names to all social classes in the new empire, many people of the former state of Cai began to bear it as a surname.
The Cai descendants have undertaken two major migrations. During the Huang Chao Rebellion (AD 875) at the end of the Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907), the Cai clan migrated to Guangdong and Fujian provinces. Another later migration occurred when Ming Dynasty loyalist Koxinga moved military officials surnamed Cai and their families to Taiwan in the 17th century. As a result, the surname is far more common in these areas and in areas settled by their descendants (e.g., Southeast Asia) than in other parts of China.
Transliteration and romanization.
Chinese.
Cai is written the same (蔡) in both simplified and traditional Chinese characters.
In Mandarin Chinese, the surname is transliterated as Cài in pinyin and Tongyong Pinyin, Ts'ai in Wade-Giles, and Tsay in Gwoyeu Romatzyh. In Minnan or Taiwanese, it is Chhoà in Pe̍h-oē-jī. In Cantonese, it is Coi3 in Jyutping and Choi in Yale. (This should not be confused with the predominantly Korean family name Choi which has a different Chinese character [崔]). In Hakka it is Tshai in Pha̍k-fa-sṳ. (In Tongyong pinyin, it is Cai in Siyen Hakka and Ca̱i in Hoiliuk Hakka.) In Mindong, it is Chái (in Bàng-uâ-cê).
Other languages.
Koreans use Chinese-derived family names and in Korean, Cai is 채 in Hangul, Chae in Revised Romanization, and Ch'ae in McCune-Reischauer. Vietnamese also use Chinese-derived family names and in Vietnamese, it is Thái or Sái. Japanese do not use Chinese family names but for Chinese in Japan who carry the name, it is さい in Hiragana and Sai in the major romanization systems.
Romanization.
Cai is romanized as Cai in the People's Republic of China, Tsai (or occasionally Tsay or Chai) in the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Choi or Choy in Hong Kong. In Malaysia, Singapore, and Brunei, the most common forms are Chua for Hokkien and Teochew speakers, Chai for Hakka speakers, Choi for Cantonese speakers, and Toy or Toi for Taishanese speakers. In Indonesia it is usually romanized as Tjoa and in the Philippines it is Chua, Cua.
Other variations include Chye, Coi, and Tsoi.
Derivative names.
In addition, some of the Chuas (Cais) who resided in the Philippines adopted Spanish names to avoid persecution by the Spanish rulers during the Philippines' Spanish colonial rule from the early 16th to late 19th century. Hispanicized forms of the name include Chuachiaco, Chuakay, Chuapoco, Chuaquico, Chuacuco, Chuason, Chuateco, and Chuatoco. These names were formed from the surname, one character of the given name, and the suffix "-co", a Minnan honorific "ko" (哥), literally meaning "older brother".
In Thailand, most Thais of Chinese descendance use Thai surnames. Legislation by Siamese King Rama VI (1910-1925) required the adoption of Thai surnames which was largely directed at easing tensions with Chinese community by encouraging assimilation. Thai law did not (and does not) allow identical surnames to those already in existence, so ethnic Chinese formerly surnamed Chua incorporating words that sound like "Chua" and have good meaning (such as "Chai", meaning "victory") into much longer surnames.

</doc>
<doc id="2849428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849428" title="Huissier de justice">
Huissier de justice

Huissier de justice is the French term, hence used in France, Luxembourg, Quebec, Suisse romande, and the French Community of Belgium, named "gerechtsdeurwaarder" in Dutch for the Flemish Community and the Netherlands, for a specific legal officer that also occurs in Greece, Italy and the three other language regions of Switzerland. The most common British English translation for "huissier de justice" is "bailiff" (and sometimes "sheriff officer", "marshal", or "judicial officer").
The officer is appointed by a magistrate of the court (or in France, by the Minister of Justice), and holds the monopoly right to serve and execute the decisions made by courts and enforceable instruments, as well as formally bear witness to events ("constat d'huissier"). 
As a member of the legal profession, he acts in the service of process, responsible for delivering such documents and authenticating parties to whom they are delivered; proceeds in the enforcement and recovery of any court and legal claims, including bankruptcy, property claims, seizures, and evictions; issues court summonses (assignments and quotations); and performs other actions. He may also exercise authorizations of a Court of Appeals, and act in insurance and property actions. He has the monopoly right to call police hearings to guarantee execution of court orders, and to conduct non-monopoly activities such as amicable settlements, draft findings of private deeds, and offer limited legal advice. He also can authenticate character findings which may serve as evidence during litigation. Some elements of his statements can not be challenged except by way of improbation.

</doc>
<doc id="2849430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849430" title="Clifton, Louisville">
Clifton, Louisville

Clifton is a neighborhood east of downtown Louisville, Kentucky USA. Clifton was named because of its hilly location on the Ohio River valley escarpment.
Unlike other Louisville neighborhoods, Clifton was developed over a period of 60 years, with the first homes built in the 1860s sitting next to homes built in the 1910s, although nearly all homes were built in Victorian styles. Its residential areas are also much less dense than other nearby areas like Butchertown or the Original Highlands. The Louisville and Lexington toll pike, which is now called Frankfort Avenue, went through the heart of the area and was lined with small shops.
The area began to revitalize in the 1990s, as numerous restaurants, boutiques, and antique shops opened up along Frankfort Avenue. Area attractions include the Kentucky School for the Blind and the American Printing House for the Blind.
Clifton is bounded by I-64, N Ewing Ave, Brownsboro Road, and Mellwood Ave.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Clifton was 2,469 , of which whites are 87.2%, blacks are 8.1%, people listed as other are 2.2%, & Hispanics are 2%. College graduates are 32.1% of the population, people without a high school degree are 22%. Females outnumber males 53.1% to 46.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="2849450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849450" title="Vanpool">
Vanpool

Vanpools are an element of the transit system that allow groups of people to share the ride similar to a carpool, but on a larger scale with concurrent savings in fuel and vehicle operating costs. Vanpools have a lower operating and capital cost than most transit vehicles in the United States, but due to their relatively low capacity, vanpools often require subsidies comparable to conventional bus service. 
Vehicles may be provided by individuals, individuals in cooperation with various public and private support programs, through a program operated by or on behalf of an element of government, or a program operated by or on behalf of an employer.
The key concept is that people share the ride from home or one or more common meeting locations and travel together to a common destination or work center. 
A number of programs exist (within the United States) to help lower the cost of that shared ride to the end user. Among these are traditional funding available to public agencies, public-private partnerships, and the Best Work Places for Commuters (Commuter Choice Programs). A tax benefit is available under 26 U.S. Code §132(f) Qualified Transportation Fringe Benefit allowances. These public transportation programs seek to reduce the number of cars on the road (with all the attendant environmental benefits). 
Additional benefits include:
In many cases, an employer may elect to subsidize the cost of the vanpool and the vehicles' maintenance. In some cases, the vehicles are provided and maintained by the municipality; in others in partnership with or by a third-party provider. For example, UCLA operates an extensive network of vans, in which faculty, staff and students are eligible for discounted rates, although anyone commuting to the Westwood area is allowed to participate, with drivers receiving the highest discounts. The vans are centrally maintained, fueled, and cleaned.
The King County Metro Vanpool Program is a successful US program in the Puget Sound area, specifically in King County, Washington. Another successful program is operated by Pace in Illinois.
The oldest multi-employer vanpool program in the country is in Treasure Valley, Idaho. For over 30 years Ada County Highway District’s Commuteride [http://www.commuteride.com] Vanpools have been crisscrossing the Valley helping commuters go to and from work, with their numerous vanpool routes traveling throughout the Treasure Valley. The Vanpools also service the Military at Gowen Field and Mountain Home Air Force Base (MHAFB) with multiple routes to and from Ada and Canyon County. ACHD Commuteride serves the cities, Boise, Meridian, Kuna, Garden City, Eagle and Star as well as Ada County.
Private firms operate vanpools for individuals, as well as in cooperation with employers or under contract.

</doc>
<doc id="2849475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849475" title="Voroneț Monastery">
Voroneț Monastery

The Voroneț Monastery is a medieval monastery in the Romanian village of Voroneţ, now a part of the town Gura Humorului. It is one of the famous painted monasteries from southern Bukovina, in Suceava County. The monastery was constructed by Stephen the Great in 1488 over a period of 3 months and 3 weeks to commemorate the victory at Battle of Vaslui. Often known as the "Sistine Chapel of the East", the frescoes at Voroneț feature an intense shade of blue known in Romania as "Voroneț blue."
The monastery is located to the south of Gura Humorului in Suceava County, in the valley of the Voroneț River. The legend of the origin of the church unites two men central to Romanian history: the founder of the monastery, Stephen the Great, and Saint Daniil the Hermit, the first abbot of the monastery. The tomb of Saint Daniil is located within the monastery.
The church is one of the Painted churches of Moldavia listed in UNESCO's list of World Heritage sites.
History.
The age of the monastic site is not known. A legend tells us that Stephen the Great, in a moment of crisis during a war against the Ottoman Turks, came to Daniel the Hermit at his skete in Voroneț and asked for advice. Daniel told him not to surrender the fight. Then, after victory, he must build a monastery dedicated to Saint George. The original entrance above the Church of Saint George, now in the exonarthex, bears the inscription:
The church was built on a triconch plan (with three apses), with a chancel, a naos with its tower, and a pronaos.
In 1547, the Metropolitan Bishop of Moldavia Grigorie Roșca added the exonarthex to the west end of the church and had the exterior walls painted. His contribution is recorded on the left of the entrance door:
The monastery contains tombstones commemorating Saint Daniel the Hermit, Grigorie Roșca, and other patrons of the church and noblemen.
Voroneţ was known for its school of calligraphy, where priests, monks and friars learned to read, write and translate religious texts. The school produced two notable copies of Romanian translations of the Bible: "The Codex of Voroneţ", discovered in 1871, and "The Psalter of Voroneţ", found in 1882. These books are now held at the Romanian Academy.
The monastery was deserted soon after 1775, when the Habsburg Monarchy annexed the northern part of Moldavia. The monastic community returned to Voroneţ in 1991. Since their return, those living in the monastery have constructed housing for the resident nuns, a chapel, foundains, stables, barns, and a house for pilgrims.
Church.
The katholikon (main church) of Saint George at Voroneț Monastery is possibly the most famous church in Romania. It is known throughout the world for its exterior frescoes of bright and intense colours, and for the hundreds of well-preserved figures placed against the renowned azurite background.The small windows, their rectangular frames of crossed rods and the receding pointed or shouldered arches of the interior doorframes are Gothic. The south and north doors of the exonarthex of 1547 have rectangular frames, which indicate a transition period from Gothic to Renaissance. But, above them, on each wall is a tall window with a flamboyant Gothic arch. The whole west façade is without any openings, which indicates that the intention of the Metropolitan Roșca was from the beginning to reserve it for frescoes.
On the north façade is still visible the original decoration of the church, the rows of ceramic enamelled discs in yellow, brown and green, decorated in relief. These include heraldic motifs, such as the rampant lion and the aurochs' head of the Moldavian coat of arms, and creatures inspired by Western European mediaeval literature, such as two-tailed mermaids. The tower is decorated with sixteen tall niches, in four of which are windows. A row of small niches encircles the tower above them. The fragmented roof probably follows the shape of the original roof, which doubtless was made with shingles.

</doc>
<doc id="2849492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849492" title="Bischof">
Bischof

Bischof () is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849504" title="Flavoprotein">
Flavoprotein

Flavoproteins are proteins that contain a nucleic acid derivative of riboflavin: the flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) or flavin mononucleotide (FMN). 
Flavoproteins are involved in a wide array of biological processes, including, but by no means limited to, bioluminescence, removal of radicals contributing to oxidative stress, photosynthesis, DNA repair, and apoptosis. The spectroscopic properties of the flavin cofactor make it a natural reporter for changes occurring within the active site; this makes flavoproteins one of the most-studied enzyme families.
Discovery.
The first mention of a flavoprotein in the scientific literature dates back to 1879, when the work on the composition of cow’s milk resulted in the isolation of a bright-yellow pigment, that we now know as flavin, but termed lactochrome at the time. By the early 1930s, this same pigment had been isolated from a range of sources, and recognised as a component of the vitamin B complex. Its structure was determined almost simultaneously by two groups in 1934, and given the name riboflavin, derived from the ribityl side chain and yellow colour of the conjugated ring system.
The first evidence for the requirement of flavin as an enzyme cofactor came in 1935. Hugo Theorell and coworkers showed that a bright-yellow-coloured yeast protein, identified previously as essential for cellular respiration, could be separated into apoprotein and a bright-yellow pigment. Neither apoprotein nor pigment alone could catalyse the oxidation of NADH, but mixing of the two restored the enzyme activity. However, replacing the isolated pigment with riboflavin did not restore enzyme activity, despite their being indistinguishable under spectroscopy. This led to the discovery that the protein studied required not riboflavin but flavin mononucleotide to be catalytically active 
Similar experiments with D-amino acid oxidase led to the identification of flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) as a second form of flavin utilised by enzymes.
Examples.
The flavoprotein family contains a diverse range of enzymes, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2849507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849507" title="CKDX-FM">
CKDX-FM

CKDX-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 88.5 FM in the Greater Toronto Area. Although officially licensed to Newmarket, the station's studios are located in Toronto. The station broadcasts a soft, gold-leaning adult contemporary format with the brand name The Jewel 88.5.
History.
The station was launched February 28, 1980 as AM 1480 CKAN, broadcasting from 6 am to midnight with an adult contemporary format. The music format changed to country music by 1984. In 1986, the station switched to a Top 40 format, and in 1988 the station began broadcasting 24 hours a day.
The station shut down on March 17, 1992 due to financial problems, and resumed broadcasting on May 17 when the problems were resolved. At the time of the shutdown, the station was known as "Energy 1480". In December of that year, the station adopted the CKDX callsign with a "Good Time Oldies" format. CKDX subsequently moved to the FM band in 1994, branding itself as "The Phoenix". Since the move to FM, the station has gone through several technical changes.
The station went through a number of format changes in the next several years, adopting a dance music format again as "Power 88.5" (after a brief period as "88.5 The X") on February 21, 1997 at 8 AM. On July 19, 1999, at 5pm, the station returned to country as "88.5 The Kat". On June 1, 2000, at Noon, the station flipped to a format that has never been tried in Canada before: "Rhythmic oldies" as "Dancing Oldies 88.5". In 2001, the "Dancing Oldies" format aired throughout the day, while modern dance music was broadcast at night. It was at this point in time that the station became known as "Foxy 88.5: The Dance Music Station". This lasted until January 2002, when it flipped to adult standards while retaining the "Foxy" branding. In April 2007, the station rebranded as "88.5 The Jewel". It adopted the "Jewel" branding shortly after the launch of sister station CJWL in Ottawa, which is also branded as "The Jewel".
The station is 70% owned by Evanov Communications, and 30 percent by the private numbered company 1093641 Ontario Ltd.
In 2009, after being an adult standards station for a few years, the station changed to more of an older-skewing adult contemporary format to replace CJEZ-FM (which became adult hits as CHBM-FM) as CHFI's competing adult contemporary station. It was at this point that CHFI began skewing at a younger audience for its AC format. "The Jewel" still features traditional adult standards on "The Lounge" program evenings from 7 to 10 pm.
In addition to competing with CHFI, the station also competes with Hamilton's CKLH-FM and St. Catherines's CHRE-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="2849517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849517" title="Aeby">
Aeby

Aeby is a Swiss-German surname, derived from the personal name Adalbert (Albert). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2849522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849522" title="Waltham St Lawrence">
Waltham St Lawrence

Waltham St Lawrence is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Berkshire.
Location and amenities.
Waltham St Lawrence is located in a rural setting in East Berkshire, south of the A4 trunk road and north of the M4 motorway, between Maidenhead and Reading. The parish is bordered by those of Twyford and Hurst to the west and White Waltham and Maidenhead to the east. The population is around 1000 adults with an all-ages estimate of 1,500 living in approximately 550 households.
Residents are mainly employed in local towns such as Reading or Bracknell, although a significant number also commute to London. Waltham St Lawrence has its own village shop (with part-time post office) and two public houses, while Shurlock Row, in the parish, has just one public house (the Shurlock Inn), since the Royal Oak closed down in 2009. West End, between the two villages, is a residential area, where the local village school is located.
Transport.
The nearest rail stations are at Twyford (4 miles), Maidenhead (6 miles), Wokingham (6 miles) and Bracknell (7 miles). There is a local bus service to Maidenhead and Bracknell.
History.
The name 'Waltham' is believed to be derived from the Anglo-Saxon words "Wealt" and "Ham", meaning 'dilapidated homes'. The church is called St. Lawrence and thus gives the village its name. There is evidence of the existence of a Roman temple in Weycock Field in the parish. The word Weycock is thought to be a corruption of the Saxon word, "Vic-cope", meaning 'the road on the hill'. Most of the coins found from the site are of the lower empire (except for a silver one of Amyntas, the grandfather of Alexander the Great) and the area was occupied until AD 270.
The high-road to London formerly left the London to Reading main-road at the 29th milestone and ran across Weycock Field (often referred to as Weycock Highrood). The Priory of Hurley maintained a grange in the village on the site of what is now Church Farm (to the north-west of the present Church) and this is why the great tithes of the parish were formerly appropriated to the Prior of Hurley.
Until quite recent times a large lake separated Waltham St. Lawrence from Ruscombe (the name 'Stanlake' would seem to be a survival of this) and so the southern end of the parish was known as South Lake. The Normans, who became possessed of the manor after the Conquest, gave the name of 'Sud-Lac Rue' to the area which later became known as Shurlock Row. The parish church was built where the ancient high-road entered the village.
The manor is mentioned as early as AD 940 but its continuous appearance in historical records may be said to begin with its sale by Ethelred the Unready in 1006. His widow, Queen Emma, bestowed it upon Ælfwine, the Bishop of Winchester. The Domesday Book records: "The King holds Waltham in demesne" and it remained a royal manor until 1189 when Godfrey de Luci, Bishop of Winchester, purchased it from the Crown. It was retained by the bishops of Winchester until the Reformation.
Bishop Ponet of Winchester surrendered the manor of Waltham to King Edward VI in 1551, and the King donated it to Sir Henry Neville, one of the gentlemen of his Privy Chamber, but Queen Mary returned it to Bishop John White of Winchester. King Edward's grant was confirmed (and Queen Mary's annulled) by an Act of Parliament in the first year of Queen Elizabeth I. Billingbear House was built by Sir Henry Neville in 1567, and this Elizabethan mansion existed as the home of the Nevilles until it was pulled down after a fire in the early 20th century. His son was the early-17th-century diplomat, Sir Henry Neville, junior. The parish register records that:
"September 17th, 1667, King Charles 2nd, with his brother James Duke of Yorke, Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, James Duke of Monmouth and many more of the nobles dined at Bellingbeare in the great Parlour".
At that time, Richard Neville was Lord of the Manor.
Henry Neville, the last heir of this branch of the family, who had assumed the name of Grey, as heir of his maternal grandfather, Baron Grey of Werke, died in 1740. On the death of his widow, who afterwards had married as her second husband the Earl of Portsmouth, the manor of Waltham St. Lawrence was inherited by Richard Aldworth of Stanlake, whose father had married the daughter and heir of Colonel Richard Neville. Mr. Aldworth, on his accession to this property, took the name of Neville.
The village school—now a County Primary School—was originally a National School with an endowment of £35 by Lord Braybrooke, a Neville descendant. The first Dame School held in the parish was held at 'Honeys'.
Parish church.
Architecture.
The Church of St. Lawrence is of considerable antiquity. The original building probably ante-dates Bishop Godfrey's acquisition of the manor, for traces of pre-13th-century work can still be traced in the crude Norman arches at the west end of the nave. The church was rebuilt in the 13th century when a new aisle in the Decorated style was thrown out on the north side, and the Norman work was broken down, thus opening the new aisle to the nave. Later the chancel, with its side aisles was begun from the east end and the north and south walls of the nave were extended to join up with the new work in the 13th century. At the end of the 14th century, the south aisle of the chancel was enlarged and a square-headed window with trefoliated lights was inserted. Between this side-chapel and the south aisle of the nave is an Early English pointed arch. The window in the north chapel has a 14th-century window and on the south wall may be seen the remains of the ancient piscina. The porch on the south side of the church hides the old south door which is Norman work, set in a section of 11th-century walling.
The Early English Church was plastered inside and on this were commonly painted frescoes. A remnant of this treatment is to be found on the easternmost pillar of the north aisle. Close to this pillar and (behind the priest's stall) on the north side are to be seen traces of a pointed arch which evidently formed the doorway to the rood stairs. This is now blocked up.
The church building was restored in 1847 during the incumbency of the Revd. E. J. Parker, B.D., who gave the stained glass for the east window, which shows in its central panel the Crucifixion, with the Resurrection and Ascension of Our Lord on either side. The praying angels on either side of this window are adapted from the famous fresco in the Riccardi Palace in Florence. The reredos is 19th-century work and shows – in three compartments—the Descent from the Cross (centre); on the right, the Descent of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost; and on the left, Saint Paul preaching in Athens.
Bells.
At the west end of the church is a square embattled tower, with a small turret at the south-west angle containing a staircase leading to the belfry and the top of the tower. The ringing chamber is open to the church and contains a beautiful window in which is the only good glass in the building. This window, and the square-headed doorway below it, is of the Perpendicular period in English architecture. The tower was built in two sections. The lower part dates from the 14th century and the upper from the 16th. Some of the bells date back to the time of Charles II, but the peal only from 1808, when the bells were recast and rehung. The peal was again rehung in 1931, and by the generous aid of G. A. Monkhouse, Esq., bells four and six were recast by Gillett and Johnston of Croydon. Extracts from the registers make it plain that the tenor and treble, together with the second bell, were broken in 1659, and these – together with the sacring bell – were recast into five bells, and a peal rung for them for the first time on Tuesday, 23 April: "the day which King Charles the 2nd was crowned at Westminster". The sacring bell – which hangs in its own turret at the top of the tower – bears the following inscription: "The gift of John A. Beere of the Hill Henbolt. Pray for the welfare of Robert Conisbe 1681". The A'Bear family lived at Hill Farm at Hare hatch in the adjoining parish of Wargrave.
Registers.
The parish registers date from 25 November 1558. The originals are lodged for safekeeping with the county archivist in Reading, but parish priest possesses a transcript (1558 to 1812) by Edmund Newbery. Apart from the usual entries of births, marriages and deaths, there are interesting memoranda, such as the following:
"Memorandum that the yewe tree at the churchyard gate on the right hand as one goeth into the churchyard up to the churchpond was planted by Thos. Wilkinson vicar of Waltham in February 1655"
"Mabel modwyn widowe abact 68 years old arraigned for witch craft at Redding 29th Feb: and condemned on the 5th of March, 1655. Shee lived at ye south-wist cornr. of lower Innings in ye cornr. next to Binfield".
Silver Band.
The origins of the Waltham St. Lawrence Band http://www.walthamband.com/index.php go back to 1886. The founder players were mainly village tradesmen backed by two wealthy benefactors, William Landsdowne Beale and the Revd. Grey Neville. Little is recorded of the band's early days, but it was certainly a well established part of the local scene by 1910. The band was revived after the disruptions of World War 1 in 1922, and made great progress under the direction of Twyford publican Ernest Pearce. Activities included regular appearances at "hospital parades" to raise funds for Royal Berks Hospital, and there were significant contest successes in the inter-war years, including a first prize at Fairford Contest in 1938.
After World War 2, the band was re-established in 1946 as the Waltham St. Lawrence Silver Prize Band, again under the direction of Mr Pearce. He continued as conductor until his death in 1953. It was a struggle to get the band going again, and it is thanks to the efforts and determination of Sydney Boyd that the band continues to exist today. Syd continued to play a leading role until his death in 1982.
In 1950 the name changed again to East Berks Silver Band, reflecting the wider area from which members were being drawn. Jack Clark, who formerly played cornet for Morris Motors band among others, became bandmaster in 1954. There were a number of contest successes both locally and at national level through the 1950s.
In 1957 the East Berks Silver Band decided to base itself in Reading, a move that was unacceptable to many members. A new Waltham St. Lawrence Band was formed, based in the village and rehearsing then, as now, in the village's Neville Hall on a Wednesday evening. Mr C.Tuffley was made bandmaster, but died soon afterwards, being succeeded by W.T.Kirkland. In 1960, F.Lewingdon became bandmaster until 1967. Between 1967-75 the role alternated between J.Shaw and F.Merrick.
In 1975 the baton was taken up by John Lawes, who was very active on the Reading music scene, and also conducted the Reading Operatic Society's orchestra. He composed and arranged many pieces for the band, including easier items for a 10-piece ensemble. John promoted a move towards a more modern presentation, with more "swing" music and interaction with the concert audience.
Jim Pullen, who joined the band on trombone in 1986, became bandmaster in 1988. Previously a professional musician in the RAF, Jim was also a capable string bass and guitar player. As well as tackling demanding pieces from the brass band repertoire, the band also learned to handle jazz and rock genres under Jim's direction, and recorded its first CD, "Serenade", reflecting the wide range of music it was playing. Jim had to stand down for a period in 2004 due ot pressure of work, and the band was conducted during that time by Sarah Topp, a graduate musician and also a fine singer.
Our present MD, Derek Holland, was appointed in 2006.
Film and television.
In the 1990s BBC television series, Pie in the Sky, the titular restaurant, home of DI Henry Crabbe, is located in the fictional town of 'Middleton'. According to a map shown in the 2nd series, this is supposedly located at Waltham St Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="2849535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849535" title="Boston Pizza">
Boston Pizza

Boston Pizza (also known as BP and, in the United States and Mexico, as Boston's The Gourmet Pizza) is a Canadian-based restaurant chain that owns and franchises locations in Canada, the United States and Mexico.
History.
Boston Pizza began in Edmonton, Alberta, on August 12, 1964, when a Greek immigrant, Gus Agioritis, opened "Boston Pizza and Spaghetti House". By 1970, Boston Pizza had 17 locations in Western Canada, 15 of which were franchised.
One of the first franchisees was Jim Treliving, a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. In 1968, he had noticed the growing popularity of Boston Pizza and purchased the rights to open a restaurant in Penticton, British Columbia. While in Penticton he met up with George Melville who was a chartered accountant. He acted as Treliving's business consultant for four years and in 1973 became Treliving's partner in the business. Over 10 years, they opened 16 restaurants in British Columbia.
In 1983, Treliving and Melville acquired the Boston Pizza chain from the then owner Ron Coyle, who had acquired the company from Agioritis in 1978. The two divested 15 of their restaurants to other franchisees, converted one restaurant to a corporate training restaurant and set about establishing systems and operating standards designed to standardize company operations. In 1986, Boston Pizza became the official pizza supplier for Expo 86 in Vancouver. This was a major success for the company - in the next two years it led to another 17 franchises.
By 1995, the chain had grown to 95 restaurants in Western Canada with sales in excess of $110 million (). Over the many years the restaurants had become a success, more sports bars had been established as an integral part of the business.
In 1997, Mark Pacinda was hired to bring the chain to more eastern areas of Canada. Once an Eastern Office was opened in Mississauga, a restaurant was opened in Ottawa in September 1998. The company later opened a regional office in Laval, Quebec, in April 2004. , there are 348 Boston Pizza restaurants in Canada, and over 40 in the U.S. and Mexico.
Boston's.
Boston's is the U.S. and Mexican version of the Boston Pizza franchise. In 1998, a U.S. headquarters was set up in Dallas, Texas. The Boston Pizza name was changed to Boston's The Gourmet Pizza. Boston's has over 40 units in the U.S. franchises, including four in Mexico.
Promotional branding.
As part of an advertising campaign created by ZIP communication, during the first round of the 2011 Stanley Cup playoffs, when the Boston Bruins played the Montreal Canadiens, the company temporarily rebranded its Montreal locations as "Montreal Pizza". In the final round of the playoffs, when the Bruins played the Vancouver Canucks, the company temporarily rebranded each of its British Columbia locations as "Vancouver Pizza".
Trademark dispute.
In 2002, Boston Pizza commenced a lawsuit against Boston Market in the Federal Court of Canada over the trademark use of the word "Boston" in Canada. In its defence, Boston Market alleged that Boston Pizza's trademarks were invalid because they described a style of pizza from a specific area. The dispute continued after Boston Market ceased operations in Canada in 2004. The parties settled the dispute in 2008 under an agreement that Boston Market would not use the words "Boston" or "Boston Market" in Canada for five years for restaurants or any food or drink products (other than pre-packaged food products, but not including pizza and lasagna). Boston Market also agreed that it would not challenge Boston Pizza's use in Canada of any trademark that uses the words "Boston" or "Boston Pizza" (with certain exceptions).

</doc>
<doc id="2849567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849567" title="Rhodesian Light Infantry">
Rhodesian Light Infantry

The 1st Battalion, The Rhodesian Light Infantry, commonly the Rhodesian Light Infantry (1RLI or RLI), was a regiment formed in 1961 at Brady Barracks, Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia as a light infantry unit within the army of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. A year after its creation it relocated to Cranborne Barracks, Salisbury, where its headquarters remained for the rest of its existence. The Regiment became part of the Southern Rhodesian Army when the Federation dissolved at the start of 1964 and later that year reformed into a commando battalion. 
After Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence on 11 November 1965, the RLI became one of the country's main counter-insurgency units during the Rhodesian Bush War, which pitted the government security forces against the rival guerrilla campaigns of the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA) and Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA).
An exclusively white regiment, the RLI was made up wholly of professional soldiers until 1973, when conscripted national servicemen were first introduced. Foreign volunteers from across the world, many veterans of foreign conflicts, also joined and became a key part of the Regiment. The RLI was nicknamed "The Saints" or "The Incredibles", and regarded, through astounding success with both internal Fireforce operations in Rhodesia and external preemptive strikes against guerrillas based in Mozambique and Zambia, as one of the world's foremost exponents of counter-insurgency warfare. 
So prominent were the airborne aspects of typical RLI operations that the Battalion became an airborne parachute battalion in 1977. The RLI served under the short-lived government of Zimbabwe Rhodesia in 1979, the interim British government that followed and briefly in Zimbabwe before it was disbanded in October 1980.
The RLI's tactics and training contributed to repeated successes in its counter-insurgency operations. "The advantage this gave them," says United States Army Lieutenant-Colonel Dave Grossman, "added up to nothing less than total tactical superiority." Alexandre Binda writes that the RLI "earned for itself an enviable reputation as one of the world's foremost anti-terrorist forces," while Major Charles D. Melson, chief historian of the United States Marine Corps, calls it "The Killing Machine".
Organisation.
The Battalion was organised into four company-sized units called Commandos, each made up of about 100 men; the average fighting strength of a Commando was about 70 men. These were named One, Two, Three, and Support Commando; prior to 1977 Support Commando had been called Support Group. In theory each Commando had five troops, however in practice only four troops were activated. Each Troop was divided into two twelve man patrols. Battalion Headquarters was called Base Group (the former Headquarter Company).
Support Commando.
Support Commando had a Headquarters section and four troops consisting of a Mortar, Assault Pioneer, Reconnaissance, and Anti-Tank troops. Support commando provided the Battalion with supporting fire and specialized resources in both conventional warfare and counter insurgency operations. During most counter-insurgency operations Support Commando normally filled the role of a standard Infantry Commando. 
The Mortar Troop was equipped with 81mm mortars and was composed of a headquarters sections and three sections of two mortars each. The Assault Pioneer Troop provided the Battalion with combat engineering capabilities and was composed of a headquarters section and three sections. The Anti-Tank Troop was equipped with 106mm recoilless rifles and consisted of a headquarters section and three sections with two anti-tank weapons each mounted on modified Rodef 2.5's.
Ranks.
The rank order was as follows (in descending order):
Sometimes the Commando's Officer Commanding was a Captain. The ranks above of Colour Sergeant were addressed as "Sir" by the subordinate ranks. Officers would refer to the CSM as "Sergeant Major". All ranks tended to be called "troopies" by the Rhodesian media.
Operations.
The RLI was at the forefront of the Rhodesian Bush War, a conflict between the internationally unrecognised government, made up mostly of the country's minority whites, and communist guerrillas attempting to overthrow it and introduce majority rule. The Bush War started in earnest on 21 December 1972, when Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA) insurgents attacked Altena and Whistlefield Farms near the north-eastern town of Centenary, and lasted until the Lancaster House Agreement of 1979. The country became known as Zimbabwe the following year.
Fireforce.
The RLI's characteristic deployment was the Fireforce reaction operation, first created at Mount Darwin and Centenary in June 1974. This was an operational assault or response composed of, usually, a first wave of 32 soldiers carried to the scene by three helicopters and one DC-3 Dakota, called "Dak", with a command/gun helicopter and a light attack aircraft in support. The latter was a Cessna Skymaster, armed with two roof mounted .303 Browning machine-guns and normally two 37 mm SNEB rocket pods and/or two small napalm bombs called Frantans, and/or two mini-Golf bombs which were manufactured in Rhodesia. The RLI became extremely adept at the execution of this type of military operation.
A Commando would be based at an airfield with usually four helicopters, one DC-3 Dakota and the Cessna (known as the "Lynx"). One of these helicopters was equipped with a MG 151/20 20mm cannon and seating arrangement for the commander of the operation, usually the officer commanding of the Commando. This helicopter was called the K-car with a crew of three consisting of pilot, gunner, and the commander. The helicopters used in the operations were typically Alouette Mk IIIs, though in 1979 a few Bell UH-1s were used. 
The other three helicopters, known as G-cars, were armed with machine-guns (originally one FN MAG replaced with twin Browning .303 machine-guns each) and carried four soldiers – a section leader, two riflemen, and a machine-gunner – along with the pilot and his technician (called a "tech") who also operated its machine-guns. This carrying capacity of the G-car dictated the combat organisation of the Commando, which was called a "Stop". Stop-1 was assigned to the first G-car, Stop-2 to the second, Stop-3 to the third. Stop-4 to Stop-8 were paratroopers in the Dakota.
Each stop had four soldiers called a "stick". One was the commander, with a radio, a FN FAL, and 100 rounds (7.62 × 51 mm NATO). One was the machine-gunner, with a FN MAG machine-gun and carrying 400 rounds. The other two were riflemen with a FN and 100 rounds, grenades, rifle grenades and medical equipment. During 1979 one of these riflemen was issued a radio. The Dakota carried five stops with two on the port side, three on the starboard. Apart from the parachutes the equipment was identical to the heli-stops. The gunner had to jump with his machine-gun strapped to his side.
These eight stops, or 32 men total, were designated the "First Wave". Each Fireforce had responsibility for huge swathes of the country of many thousands of square miles. Typically there were only three main Fireforces. Any sightings of the enemy within the Fire Force zone was reported and a siren sounded in the base. The First Wave troops rushed to their helicopters after donning their webbing and packs. The Paratroopers went to the tent where their equipment and parachutes were stored and the dispatchers and off-duty comrades would help them kit out. 
Normally the Second Wave, called the Landtail, rushed to trucks, although if "jousting" or the "scene" was nearby they would wait at the airfield to be picked up by the helicopters after the First Wave had been deployed. Soldiers alternated as Heliborne, Paratroopers, Landtail, and Off-duty throughout the Bush Trip. The Landtail was often an important factor in refueling of helicopters and recovering of deceased enemy and civilian persons, parachutes, and enemy weapons and equipment. Sometimes there was a small third wave if numbers permitted. Quite often only the First Wave was engaged in the action. In general, most soldiers preferred to be in the Heliborne First Wave.
The most important factors, apart from the reaction of the enemy and the terrain, in a Fireforce operation were the reliability of the intelligence and the skill of operation commander. The majority of successful engagements were enabled by the skills of the Selous Scouts (many of which were former enemy). They had the capacity to insert observation posts into the bush without being noticed by the inhabitants. In the latter the difficulty of commanding the scene was extreme and good Fireforce commanders were highly prized by the troops. 
The enemy's advanced warning of the approaching helicopters and his reaction were decisive factors in the coming engagement. Wind direction and speed, the presence of a tree covered ridge line or a multitude of other factors could make the difference between life or death. Where the enemy was caught in unfavourable terrain such as a village surrounded by open ground, normally no one escaped unless it was near nightfall. Although the number of operational parachute jumps was remarkable, the majority of troops were carried into action by helicopter.
Tactics of Fireforce operations.
The following paragraphs are for the standard Fireforce assault of one K-car, three G-cars, a Dakota and the Lynx. Often there was no Dakota involved, or more G-cars. When in 1979 Bell UH-1s were introduced, a Commando might go into action with two or three of these, each carrying two (sometimes three) stops. There were many times when no Lynx was used. 
The K-car was always the first to arrive at the scene. The K-car Commander, using the radio callsign One-Nine, Two-Nine, Three-Nine, or Four-Nine, depending on the Commando, had to first attempt to confirm the precise area where the enemy had been spotted by the Observation Post. Usually the terrain was extremely broken and covered in vegetation, which made this task particularly difficult. The K-car Commander then had to devise a plan of attack including initial placement of the first stops and where and in what direction to make the main sweep. The first stops to arrive were ferried in by the G-cars, which followed the K-car in a column (sometimes a long way behind, for they were a little slower than the K-car). 
Sometimes the stops were dropped immediately, but on many occasions the G-cars would circle the scene several times before Operational commander made his final decisions. Very often the K-car occupants would spot the enemy, and then the Helicopter Gunner/Technician would attack them with his 20 mm cannon, using short bursts of fire. The accuracy of this sort of fire was extraordinary, due to the helicopter flying in tight counter-clockwise circles just a few hundred feet above the ground. The 20 mm cannon poked out of the port side, thus there was no "lead in", and the exploding high velocity shells would impact right next to and often on their intended targets. Very few persons were ever found alive after being hit by fire from the 20 mm cannon. 
Typically the first stops were positioned in areas where the enemy was thought likely to pass through, often a riverbed or dry donga, where there was more vegetation impeding enemy movement. If there was a hill or ridge that gave outstanding observation, then stops might be placed there. Depending on the circumstances, the helibourne stops could form the main sweep line immediately upon insertion instead of waiting for the paratrooper elements of the force.
Whilst the K-car was looking for or engaging the enemy, the operational commander also had to designate a drop zone to drop the Para-stops and direct any strikes by the Lynx. The Drop Zone position was dictated by the enemy's position and the terrain. In the event that there was no suitable drop zone nearby, Para-stops were dropped as close as possible to the combat zone and redeployed by the G-cars. Paradrop altitudes normally varied between to 600 feet. Usually the Para-stops dropped as close as possible, which resulted on occasions in the Paratroopers taking fire while in the air, usually to little effect. There was also a great variation on the dropping patterns of these stops, as sometimes they were all dropped at once, sometimes individually, or any combination thereof.
While all this was taking place, one of operational commanders's main concerns was where the main sweep of the operation would occur. In a perfect scenario, the Para-stops would form the main sweep, and the G-car stops would carry out blocking actions. In reality there was such situational variation in combat operations that there was little functional difference between paratroopers or heliborne soldiers. However heliborne stops generally saw the most action.
The sweep.
Each stop made a sweep every time it moved to a new location with all four soldiers moving in a sweepline formation, spaced apart according to the terrain. The distance between soldier would vary on flat open land from as great as twenty five metres to just a few meters apart in heavy vegetation. In heavy vegetation it was common for soldiers to lose sight of their comrades, leaving them alone to push through the dense bush. It was more effective to be spaced as far apart as possible. 
Whether in the main sweep or in an individual stop's sweep, the same tactics were utilised. The sweepline would proceed forward with each soldier scanning line of sight ahead through the bush and undergrowth. The speed of this movement varied depending on the terrain and density of the bush, but when the troops sensed enemy ahead the sweep slowed markedly, edging forward inch by inch, rifles at ready and pointed ahead with the safety catches off. MAG gunners would bear the gun at the hip, held by a sling from their shoulders.
Usually encounters with the enemy ended quickly: while a typical Fireforce operation could last hours, a fire fight could last only seconds. In the great majority of cases, the enemy were killed outright by swift shooting. Prisoners were taken on occasion and although the Commandos were requested to take prisoners wherever possible, in a close-quarter fire fight and in thick bush, it was often difficult to determine an enemy's intentions. Prisoners were usually extremely valuable as they might reveal important intelligence to Special Branch or Selous Scouts, and captured guerrillas frequently turned to work for the Rhodesian Security Forces, sometimes, from 1978, as Security Force Auxiliaries.
The stop position.
The other main experience was for an individual stop to sweep to a position thought most likely to intercept a fleeing enemy, and stay there for up to several hours. More often than not nothing happened but on many occasions one or more of the enemy came down the (usual) stream bed, or nearby. If there was a clear view then it was easy, once again just a few seconds shooting. 
Sometimes the process was repeated in the same spot, with fire being opened a bit earlier. Sometimes the enemy were seen behind in which case the stop immediately pursued. Often pursuit of the enemy became difficult due to terrain, vegetation, and climate.
Air power.
A Fireforce operation without air power would be impossible to accomplish: as the enemy lacked air power and effective anti-aircraft weaponry, Fireforce operations were generally effective as long as the infantry performed correctly. The sound of the circling helicopters during the operation was intense enough to drown the sound of the infantry sweeps, so that on occasion they surprised the hiding defenders, effectively ambushing them. The terrain varied wildly from villages surrounded by open fields to dense vegetation covering rock outcrops on mountain slopes. There was generally plenty of cover.
Where the enemy fled at the sound of the "First Wave", and stops were correctly placed by the operational commander, the operations were efficiently carried out. The difficult thing was to walk up to the enemy hiding in a house or cave or behind a boulder and kill or capture him. Many a troopie clawing through obstacles found himself very suddenly right by another armed man he was supposed to kill or capture. Though the event was shocking (and often results in one or more persons being killed), it is far more efficient than firing or dropping ordnance from air and overall reduces civilian casualties. The cooperation of the Rhodesian Air Force with Army operations was exceptional. Even when patrolling, any unit of the Rhodesian Army could expect prompt G-car response in a crisis.
Other operations.
In addition to the Fireforce, the four Commandos were very often used in patrolling actions, mostly inside Rhodesia, but sometimes inside Zambia and Mozambique. During these operations troops were required to carry well over of equipment for five to ten days on patrol. Upon their return to base to resupply, they were often required to return to patrol again in short order. 
Attacks were also carried out on enemy camps within Zambia (in the case of ZIPRA) and Mozambique (against ZANLA); these attacks usually involved two or more Commandos. The Rhodesian Special Air Service, used almost exclusively for external operations, often accompanied the Rhodesian Light Infantry on these operations, as did the Selous Scouts.
Patrol operations.
Most of the Rhodesian Light Infantry's patrol operations took place in Rhodesia, though some patrols occurred in Zambia and Mozambique. Patrolling bush trips were unpopular with the troops due to the arduous nature of the duty and the comparative lack of action to Fireforce operations. A Commando could be more exhausted from a patrolling bush trip than the most intense Fireforce period, even if the unit saw more combat in the latter. 
However the nature of patrolling work greatly expanded the minds of the troops. Patrols varied from travelling by day and setting up ambushes at night, to observation post work, where a position was occupied to observe the locality. Extreme precautions were made to be clandestine on these observation posts, though it was suspected that the locals were often aware of the Observation Post's presence.
Regardless of type of patrol, the patrol would make a night march would normally be made to the area. Conditions could make this task most difficult, especially when it was so dark that the troopies were completely blind. Scarcity of water could present an issue to the patrol. The civilians were not regarded as hostiles by the troops. There were numerous occasions when they helped each other and process of great empathy took place. If a patrol learned of enemy presence, the patrol force immediately moved to engage the enemy. On occasion patrols were ambushed. Patrols in Mozambique were considered the most hazardous, due to the violent reaction of FRELIMO (also known as FPML).
Externals.
The RLI carried out external assaults on guerrilla bases in Zambia (against ZIPRA) and Mozambique (against ZANLA); there were many of these, and also one in Botswana. The larger raids combined Fireforce teams and were similarly executed, save for the greater scale and planning and logistics. There were also several raids by individual Commandos where the presence of FRELIMO units led to greater resistance. Just like in a regular Fireforce operation, the element of surprise was most important.
Canberra and Hunter jets would bomb the target just before the Commandos arrived. The outcome varied wildly from total "lemons" to the most successful days in the Battalion's history; for example, when three Commandos of the Battalion participated in an attack on ZIPRA camps in Zambia in October 1978, there were no enemy casualties.
November 1977's Operation Dingo, a joint attack by the RLI and Rhodesian SAS on ZANLA camps in Mozambique at Chimoio and Tembue, is retrospectively described by Squadron Leader P. J. H. Petter-Bowyer as an "astounding success". "Operation Dingo cost ZANLA in excess of 3,000 trained men and something in the order of 5,000 wounded, many too seriously to be of further use," he writes. "Others lost all interest in the fighting and deserted." From the Rhodesian side, six men were wounded and two were killed.
The stop of four was used in these raids (though they were organised into larger entities). The plans for these raids varied from sudden and fairly simple operations (subject to change on the fly) to highly intricate. The political situation interfered on occasions and this was much resented: the troops always thought that these operations were most important.
Technical notes.
Equipment and armaments.
Riflemen were equipped with a 7.62x51 NATO battle rifle, preferring the Belgian FN FAL or its variants, the British-made L1A1 Self-Loading Rifle (L1A1 SLR) or the South African R1. The Heckler & Koch G3A3, with its origins in West Germany, was also used on occasion. All RLI members were armed with FN FALs by 1968. 
The primary infantry support weapon was the 7.62x51 belt-fed FN MAG. Soldiers also carried a variety of hand grenades including high-explosive (HE), white-phosphorus (WP), and colored smoke. To prevent accidental ignition of a grenade, the safety levers which upon release activated the fuse of the grenade, were taped down. Soldiers were issued HE and WP rifle grenades as well as anti-tank grenades or rockets. Sometimes "bunker bombs" were carried. Machine-gunners and some rifleman carried sidearms.
The 7.62x51 fired by the FAL and the MAG had a significant range advantage compared to the 7.62x39 round fired by the AK-47, SKS, RPD, and RPK firearms normally carried by the ZANLA and ZIPRA forces. The 7.62x51 NATO round is generally considered effective out to 800 meters whereas the 7.62x39 is normally considered effective out to only 400 meters. This disparity in effective range combined with the high training standards and experience in the RLI often proved to be a decisive factor in engagements, allowing RLI forces to effectively fire upon the enemy with little danger of return fire. 
Issued webbing was not used much which led to a bewildering array of webbing/packs. Often the stops stayed the night at a Fireforce scene and sometimes patrolled the area the next day, other times these operations led into the night and through the following day. On direct action missions, additional ammunition was issued to all soldiers for their personal weapons as well as for squad weapons such as mortars and machine-guns. On patrols a bergen was carried, with rations, water, batteries for the squad radio, et cetera. 
Riflemen were required to carry a panga, which could be used to chop down bush to create a landing zone so that helicopters could extract them. Strangely, some riflemen tried not to carry this piece of equipment, while some gunners and stop commanders (also known as stick leaders and whose rank varied from Trooper to Captain) did carry them. Stop commanders carried mini-flares. These devices were about the size and shape of a large pencil, which were used to signal positions, though never at night, and were popular with the troops. The parachutes harnesses were Saviac Mk1s, of U.S. manufacture. They were extremely reliable with a reserve parachute on the chest. The parachutes were overhead static line.
From 1977 onwards the RLI was forbidden to wear shorts on operations, due to the dangerous visibility of the soldiers' white legs. This rule was strictly adhered to, but a rule which required troops to wear ankle-boots when in para-stops was often broken. The number of parachute injuries on ops was insignificant, despite (or perhaps, because of) around half of landings falling into trees. Sometimes they fell onto boulders or buildings or fences or boggy ground. Fields varied from concrete but hard to soil so dry and diffuse that it swallowed them up. Extremely fast "ground rush" was frequently experienced, due to taking place on the sides or top of great hills.
Confusingly the stops in the Dak were dropped in "sticks", supposedly noted in an entry in the parachute log book held by troops which was filled in by themselves, as other data pertinent to the jump. This resulted in the log books filled often with false data. The port side of the Dak was much more preferable than the starboard. There were many times when the exiting from G-cars was dangerous, due (for example) to the helicopters unable to descend close enough because of trees and troops had to clamber out and hold on to the steps and drop from too great a height, with mass leaves and twigs whirling about the inside of the machine and great stress of pilot and tech. The Alouettes were much more capable of dropping off stops in rough terrain than the Bells, though they had less carrying capacity and range and speed. The Alouettes were extremely reliable (they had a tendency to sway a little as the troops jumped).
Both these vehicles were armed with twin-Browning M1919 machine-guns chambered in .303 British, which were never indiscriminately fired by the tech. The K-car Gunners had to be careful, for there was always a shortage of 20mm rounds and there were many times when troops were only yards away from the target. K-cars with four Browning .303 machine-guns (instead of the 20mm cannon) were not popular with the troops, as they were less effective. The numbers of the enemy killed by the K-car in a scene varied from zero to all (and are included in the estimate for those killed). On some Fireforce operations Hunter jets were used, and more rarely, Vampires.
Up to the second quarter of 1979, troops were required to collect and remove all deceased persons from the scene. This rule was very strictly adhered to, even if it reduced in the short term the effectiveness of the Fireforce (due to the immense effort of it). The plight of the civilians was most profoundly realized by the troops.
Communication.
Radios were reasonably light and reliable. Most importantly they were easy to use. Headsets weren't used normally just a telehand tied to a shoulder strap. An extremely efficient form of radio speech known as Voice Procedure was used. Troopers were expected to have a high degree of self-initiative and reliance. For example, if a stop-commander desired, the two riflemen would be detached to perform a mini-sweep (or stop position) of their own (and perhaps even an individual go off on his own). The introduction of the second radio in 1979 merely confirmed this practice.
The most important hand-signals were:
Deployments.
Commandos (based at Cranborne Barracks) were sent on bush trips, usually from four to six weeks duration, where they would motor off to either the Fireforce bases (Grand Reef, Mtoko and Mount Darwin the most important, covering the North-Eastern zone of the country), or any other place from which to carry out patrolling actions or externals. Most bush trips were Fireforce, though there could be mixture (also, elements could be detached to operate alone or attached to another Commando). After such period they would motor back for around twelve days "R & R", when apart from a time of sorting out they were set totally free. This routine meant that the troops could operate for years on end at any desired tempo of operations, though a degree of "burn-out" in individuals could not be avoided, especially in 1979.
Medical.
Each Commando had attached one trained medic, from the Rhodesian Army Medical Corps. These held the rank of Full Corporal and had a much higher standard of medical training than the norm. They were able to prescribe painkillers (like Propon) and also stitch. These persons were parachute-trained and usually were in stops just like any Trooper, though not officially required to be so. A great deal of training was devoted to first-aid so that all were required to know the basics (including drips). Troop medics were trained to a lesser standard than Commando medics, which interfered with their main duty of being an infantryman.
Enemy armaments.
No more than half of ZANLA combatants were armed with AK-47s, mostly supplied from Soviet satellite states. Around half of them had SKS carbines, all from the People's Republic of China (which also sent some Type 56s). These SKS's were semi-automatic and fired the same round as the AK-47 with a magazine of ten (normal AK-magazines, which are detachable, held 30). Thus the AK-47s were inevitably held by the more determined members of a section. Few RLI casualties were caused by SKS fire.
Hand grenades were mostly of Communist Chinese manufacture. These were stick grenades, with a wood handle at the bottom of which was a screw cap whereupon unscrewing out fell (if holding right) a porcelain-bead with a thread attached. Pull this and in an unknown time (for these were badly stored and old weapons) it might explode. Despite this there were numerous troops wounded by this weapon. RPG-2's and RPG-7's were prevalent, sometimes one or two to a section of ten men, though hardly ever used against Fireforce (there was usually only one present and the difficulties of targeting the helicopters was extreme). 
The RLI's greatest single loss in one day was due to a South African Air Force Puma shot down by a RPG-7 wielded by a FRELIMO member, in a raid into Mozambique. Heavy infantry weapons like medium mortars and heavy machine-guns were rare, though encountered more frequently in external ops late in the war, so much that these had a definite effect on Rhodesian policy.
There was only one serious attack on a Fireforce base, which occurred in December 1977, at Grand Reef (near the Mozambique border). A force of ZANLA (about 60 strong) bombarded and shot for ten minutes, then retired (one killed by the Commando mortar), with the only effect (beside the very few casualties) that they energised the Commando that was deployed there.
Training culture, foreign volunteers and women.
The Commandos trained at Cranborne Barracks at an institution known as Training Troop. At times there were periods when more men were in training than were serving in any single Commando. Some non-Rhodesians that met a certain military criteria were exempted from this training entirely. A sixteen week course was the standard curriculum which was appended with a two-week parachute course, either at New Sarum in Salisbury or with the South African Parabats in Bloemfontein, South Africa. Most of the Training Troop instructors were trained at the Rhodesian School of Infantry in Gwelo and were a mix of Commando veterans and national servicemen, conscripted Rhodesians first introduced to the RLI in 1973.
From 1977 onwards around half of the Battalion was composed of these conscripts, who in theory served less time than a regular; however, in practice, there was such a high turnover that a national serviceman could serve longer than many a regular. Under a programme introduced in late 1978 they would return for six-week call-up periods after their national service was over. The overall quality of these national servicemen was initially low compared to the more experienced regular soldiers, but over time many were able to reach the same standard. The RLI actively encouraged conscripts who had completed tertiary education, or had plans to do so, to enlist as regulars, with some success.
An extremely high standard of training was achieved, without bullying by the staff yet of great pressure; independent thought was encouraged. At any time, a recruit could withdraw from this training and most likely leave the Battalion. Training covered standard Infantry counter-insurgency (COIN) and conventional warfare as well as Commando training such as watermanship, rock-climbing, abseiling, unarmed combat, bushcraft, survival, tracking, demolitions and helicopter drills.
Officers were trained at the School of Infantry. Freshly graduated Second Lieutenants had to first prove themselves in action before being given the responsibility of becoming a stick leader. When these nascent officers joined a Commando, they were normally assigned an experienced NCO as mentor and performed the role of a rifleman in a stop; in this way new officers learned lessons concerning war not taught in training.
The RLI, especially 3 Commando, included numerous foreign volunteers who received the same pay and conditions of service as Rhodesian regulars. South Africans had made up much of the ranks ever since the RLI was formed, and a major influx of recruits from outside Africa started in the mid-1970s. Many of these were career soldiers, veterans of armies overseas, attracted by the Regiment's reputation. 
Former British soldiers and Vietnam veterans from the American, Australian and New Zealand forces were prominent, but most First World countries were also represented. "The 'foreigners' soon became an integral part of the Battalion", says RLI veteran Chris Cocks, "and contributed greatly to the fighting reputation of the unit." Volunteers with no military experience were motivated to enlist by various reasons, including anti-communist political views, desire for adventure or even to escape one's past.
"In many respects the RLI was a mirror of the French Foreign Legion," Cocks continues, "in that recruiters paid little heed as to a man's past and asked no questions. ... And like the Foreign Legion, once in the ranks, a man's past was irrelevant." He gives the example of Lance-Corporal Mathew Charles Lamb, a Canadian volunteer with a history of violence and insanity who became an "exemplary and popular stick leader" in the RLI, serving three years in the Rhodesian forces before being killed in action on 7 November 1976.
Women first became members of the RLI in 1975, when the Rhodesia Women's Service (RWS) opened the regular Army to females. A rank structure for women was introduced in 1977. Almost all women in the Army were given clerical, intelligence or communicational roles, and the RLI was no exception; all but a few of its RWS members were assigned to Base Group. Exceptions included Corporal Dawn Doughty, who served in 1 Commando from 1976 to 1979, and the Australian Corporal Judith Ellison, who joined 2 Commando in the late 1970s.
Nicknames, mascots and Commando insignia.
The Rhodesian Light Infantry acquired the nickname "the Saints" soon after it was formed, as a result of its adoption of "When the Saints Go Marching In" as its regimental quick march. A second nickname, "the Incredibles", came from a toast to "the incredible Rhodesian Light Infantry" by Prime Minister Ian Smith on the regiment's seventh birthday, 1 February 1968. 
The Battalion's mascot was the cheetah: originally there were two particular cheetah cubs who served as mascots, but following their death on 6 October 1963 the role became applied to the animal in general. In February 1975, a nine-month-old cheetah cub was donated to the regiment by the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Management. This cheetah became "Trooper Saint", the RLI's permanent mascot.
1 Commando's nickname, the "Big Red", originally came from an incident in July 1971, when its officer commanding, Major Dave Parker, ordered a daily session of physical training at 06:00 every morning. Parker himself despised these parades, and would delay rising each day for as long as he possibly could. One day the men were already formed up when Parker, a physically large man, emerged from his quarters wearing a set of bright red pyjamas. "It's the Big Red," remarked Sergeant Bruce Antonowitz. The nickname was initially applied to Parker himself, but gradually evolved to refer to the entirety of 1 Commando. The emblem of 1 Commando was a numeral "1" and a cheetah contained within a large letter "C". The letters "DO" appeared in far smaller type to the right, completing the abbreviation for Commando, "CDO". 4 Troop, 1 Commando was nicknamed "F Troop".
2 Commando's insignia was a service dagger drawn on a blue diamond, defaced with the number "2". The dagger (and the diamond) depicted the commando's nicknames: "The Cutting Edge" and "The Cut Above" (once airborne). Taking inspiration from 1 Commando's "Big Red" nickname, 2 Commando was also known as "Big Blue".
3 Commando was nicknamed the "Lovers", or sometimes "The Green Machine", the latter coming from the green jerseys its men wore in intra-regimental sporting competitions. The "Lovers" nickname emerged during the mid-1960s, and had its origin in the off-duty reputation of its soldiers, who were reportedly very popular amongst the young women of Salisbury. This reputation also contributed to the design chosen for the Commando emblem and flag in 1968, during Operation "Cauldron".
As the Commando's "Lovers" had not yet seen action on Operation "Cauldron", Captain Spike Powell and Lieutenant Chris Pearce suggested that a more suitable emblem than anything military might be a banana. The banana was adopted, and the Commando's insignia became a numeral "3", emblazoned on a banana, with the word "Lovers" above and the designation "Commando" beneath, all on a green shield. This emblem endured for the rest of the RLI's history.
Flags were adopted by each 3 Commando troop during the same operation: 11 Troop followed a similar vein to the Commando itself in its adoption of the nickname "Legs Eleven", and a flag depicting a pair of female legs on a green background. When, around the same time, 12 Troop became the first unit in the Rhodesian Army to recover one of the hammer and sickle flags used by ZIPRA, its men began to use the "Russian flag" (as they called it) as their own.
An unsuccessful bombing run by the Rhodesian Air Force during Operation "Cauldron", which nearly wiped out the men of 13 Troop rather than the insurgents they were fighting, motivated 13 Troop's depiction of a large bomb as its emblem. The most orthodox flag of the Commando was perhaps that of 14 Troop, which around the late 1960s became known for returning to Salisbury from operations with kudu horns prominently mounted on its vehicles. Its emblem therefore became a kudu head, and its nickname "the Poachers". All of these flags and nicknames remained in use until the RLI was disbanded.
Support Commando's emblem was a black eagle, similar to that used on the coat of arms of Germany, on a yellow background, with a bomb held in each of its talons. "Support Commando" appeared on a scroll above the eagle, and the name of the regiment appeared underneath it. In January 1976, Colonel T. M. Davidson presented the Commando with a Wahlberg's Eagle to use as its mascot. This eagle was never named, and was lost by Captain Pete Farndell in April 1976, at Grand Reef, near Umtali. Having lost the eagle, Farndell was ordered to replace it: in August 1976 he acquired an African Hawk-Eagle chick from near Gwelo, which became the Commando's new mascot, named "Henry". Henry remained Support Commando's mascot until October 1979, when he escaped the company of his keeper, Lance-Corporal Andre Macdonald, and flew away.
Casualties.
The Rhodesian Light Infantry Regimental Association maintains a Roll of Honour which lists 85 men killed in action from March 1968 to December 1979. A further 15 are listed as died on operations from September 1961 to December 1979. Another 34 are listed as deceased from other causes, from 1961 to December 1979. 
Of the 85 killed in action, 66 occurred in the last four years of the war, thirty-one in 1979 alone. These figures mirror fairly accurately the ratio of combat the Battalion was in. The number of wounded is not known. It is known that in one of the Commandos there were more than 50 wounded in action in a two-year period where it had 21 killed in action. There were of course many other casualties, from accidents and illness/disease, or bad landings on jumps.
These figures are very low for a battalion that was involved in so much combat, though it must be remembered that the Commandos were both smaller than the companies of the average strength infantry battalion of modern warfare and fighting with modern weapons and tactics against a relatively untrained, though well equipped, foe. Major Charles D. Melson, chief historian of the United States Marine Corps, calls the Rhodesian Light Infantry "The Killing Machine", while United States Army Lt-Col Dave Grossman writes:
Conclusion.
The 1st Battalion, The Rhodesian Light Infantry, was a highly capable infantry unit of performing any task ordered, no matter the means of transport (whether crossing the Zambezi river in little boats, walking long miles with huge weights, or riding high in G-cars and Daks), no matter what type of operation. Though the enemy was always at a disadvantage in having no radios or air support, the stops always continued in seeking them out even when left without transport. The troops walked close to the enemy; they believed that this was the most efficient way of dealing with him. In the words of Alexandre Binda, the RLI "earned for itself an enviable reputation as one of the world's foremost anti-terrorist forces." 
Following the creation and independence of the Republic of Zimbabwe in April 1980, the final parade of the RLI and the ceremonial laying-up of its colours took place at Cranborne Barracks on 17 October 1980. The commanding officer, J. C. W. Aust, recalled being "amazed" by the large crowd of spectators surrounding the parade square, including the former government minister P. K. van der Byl, who attended unannounced. A Rhodesian Air Force Alouette III helicopter also unexpectedly arrived overhead during the ceremony, in Aust's words, "circling in a moving salute and farewell". Two weeks later, the Rhodesian Light Infantry was disbanded on 31 October 1980. 
A nucleus of former RLI personnel remained to train and form the First Zimbabwe Commando Battalion of the Zimbabwe National Army. The regimental statue, "The Trooper", left Zimbabwe on 28 July 1980 on a South African Air Force C-130 Hercules, along with various Regiment records, trophies and other paraphernalia. The collection was placed in the South African National Museum of Military History in Johannesburg, and later moved to the British Empire and Commonwealth Museum in Bristol, England. The Trooper statue now stands on the grounds of Hatfield House, country seat of the Marquess of Salisbury, where it was re-dedicated on 28 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2849569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849569" title="Vatoa">
Vatoa

Vatoa (pronounced ) (known as Turtle Island after Cook's visit) is an outlier of Fiji's Lau Group.
Vatoa was the only island of present-day Fiji visited by James Cook. The island was sighted on 2 July 1774. Next day, Sunday July 3, the Master and some of Cook's crew went ashore, "thinking to speak with the people not more than 20 in number who were Arm'd with Clubs and Spears, but the moment he set foot on Shore they retired, he left ashore some Medals, Nails and a Knife ... Near the Reef were seen several Turtle which occasioned my giving that name to the Isle." Cook's chart shows the name Turtle Isle.
Vatoa has varied rainfall and is usually cool because of trade winds. 
The island has an area of 4.45 km² and rises to more than 50 m above sea level. It is composed wholly of limestone (Koroqara Limestone, Tokalau Limestone Group), probably Late Miocene in age. There is one village, with population around 300. Interesting old fortifications occupy the highest part of the island.
A noted son of Vatoa is Director of Immigration Mr Viliame Naupoto who once serves as Deputy Commander of the Fiji Naval Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="2849571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849571" title="Siriometer">
Siriometer

The siriometer is a rarely used astronomical measure equal to one million astronomical units, i.e., one million times the average distance between the Sun and Earth. This distance is equal to about 149,597,870,000,000,000 meters (149.6 Pm) or about 15.813 light-years, which is roughly twice the distance from Earth to the star Sirius.
It was proposed in 1911 by Carl V. L. Charlier.

</doc>
<doc id="2849574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849574" title="1996 in birding and ornithology">
1996 in birding and ornithology

Worldwide.
Taxonomic developments.
"To be completed"
Europe.
Scandinavia.
"To be completed"
North America.
"To be completed"

</doc>
<doc id="2849590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849590" title="D tour 1997 Live at Southampton">
D tour 1997 Live at Southampton

d:tour 1997 Live at Southampton, or simply d:tour, is a live album by the English band Delirious?.
History.
The album was released in 1998 and was the second live offering from Delirious? after "Live & In the Can", which was released a few years prior. It was recorded on a leg of the band's legendary first full UK tour, at the Southampton Guildhall venue. Originally "d:tour 1997 Live @ Southampton" on first publication, the title was later shortened to "d:tour 1997 Live" on reprints. It is now known simply as d:tour in fan circles. As with "Live and in the Can", special packaging was produced for the album, this time in the form of a cardboard slip case with internal artwork.
The tour featured the songs of the band's first full studio album, "King of Fools", several of which are featured here. Other songs on the album include "Come Like You Promise", which was originally found on a long out of print solo album by guitarist Stu G, "Have You Heard?" It also appeared on "Live & In the Can", was later rerecorded as a b-side for the single "It's OK", and now appears on the compilation album "Deeper". "Summer Of Love" also appears, having only previously been released as a b-side on the "DeEPer" EP.
Reception.
It was released to critical acclaim, "The Phantom Tollbooth", gave the album four out of five stars. Cross Rhythms gave the album a 10/10 grade in a review by renowned Christian music journalist and radio producer Mike Rimmer who said, "This little beaut of an album is a stark, raw, powerful snatch of the heady atmosphere."
Current Status.
In the modern day, whilst still revered by many fans, "d:tour" is now difficult to find, after having been out of print for several years. Delirious? have since removed all traces of its existence from its official website, not mentioning it in the discography and not supplying it to sellers. However, it is still mentioned in the slip notes for their 2002 compilation album "Deeper". Live footage of the gig is available on the DVD release "Archive:D", which contains the video version of the gig, previously released on VHS as "A View From The Terraces". The album is now only purchasable from specialist sellers and on public auction websites such as ebay and Amazon Marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="2849593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849593" title="Massillon Washington High School">
Massillon Washington High School

Washington High School, commonly referred to as Massillon High School or Massillon Washington High School, is a 9th to 12th grade secondary school within the Massillon City School District in the city of Massillon, Ohio, United States. It serves students within the city of Massillon as well as parts of Tuscarawas Township.
The school colors are orange and black, and the school's athletic teams are known as the Massillon Tigers.
Academics.
Washington High School provides programs including college readiness and vocational technical careers. Developing Resources for Education and Athletics in Massillon (D.R.E.A.M) is a collaborative effort through the Paul & Carol David Foundation, Massillon schools, Walsh University and the Aultman Health Foundation and provides students interested in a career in sports medicine to earn college credits in high school.
History.
Washington High School was constructed in 1992 adjacent to Paul Brown Tiger Stadium on the city's east side, replacing the original school located downtown that had been built in 1912.
Football.
Football came to Massillon in 1894 with the first high school game between Massillon High School and Canton Central High School. In the early years, the players consisted of working boys because most boys did not attend high school. By 1904 more boys began attending school past 8th grade. 1909 was Massillon's first undefeated football team. From 1910-1920 high school football in Massillon grew and improved, and by 1916 they were named the Scholastic Champions of Ohio. The school mascot, the Tiger, was adopted from the city's former professional football team known as the Massillon Tigers.
Paul Brown, a 1925 graduate of Washington High School, returned to Massillon in 1932 to begin his renowned coaching career. In his nine years at Massillon, Brown posted an 80–8–2 record which included a 35-game winning streak and six state championships.
The Massillon Tigers are historically one of the winningest high school football teams in the United States, second only to Valdosta High School in Valdosta, Georgia. The Tigers have compiled a current record of 826 wins, 249 losses, and 35 ties, through 4 games of the 2013 season. Along with the Canton McKinley High School Bulldogs, the Tigers represent one half of what many consider to be the greatest high school football rivalry in the nation. It is the only high school contest in America to feature odds in Las Vegas. In 123 meetings (1894–2012), Massillon leads the series 66-52-5. Massillon and their fierce rivalry with Canton are subjects of the 2001 documentary film "Go Tigers!". A total of 23 professional players, 3 NFL coaches and 14 collegiate all-Americans have graduated from Massillon High School.
The Tigers play their home games at Paul Brown Tiger Stadium. The stadium currently holds 16,600 people and is named after former Tiger player and head coach Paul Brown. Besides being the regular season home of the Massillon Tiger Football team, the stadium hosts Ohio High School Athletic Association state football playoff games, divisional championship games, as well as numerous other activities such as band shows and other sports including soccer. 
Every fall, the booster club provides a live tiger cub named "Obie" who is on the sidelines for each home football game. So strong is the tradition and history, the booster club provides each baby boy born in Massillon a miniature football.
In the summer of 2008, due to the success of the Tigers' athletic programs, ESPN nominated the city of Massillon as a candidate for Titletown USA. The final results ended with Massillon finishing in the top 4.
Titles.
Prior to the implementation of the playoff system in 1972, Washington High School won the Ohio State Championship title 23 times. Most recently in 2005 they were runner up to Cincinnati St. Xavier in a 24-17 loss in the state championship game.
They have been recognized as the AP National Champions nine times – in 1935, 1936, 1939, 1940, 1950, 1952, 1953, 1959, 1961 – the most in the nation.
Massillon Tiger Swing Band.
The Massillon Tiger Swing Band was created by the legendary George "Red" Bird in 1938 during the Paul Brown era of Massillon football. The band became known as "The Greatest Show in High School Football" and is still a very important part of the Massillon football tradition. The band's swing style includes moving formations and musicians marching with a swing step. The Tiger Swing band begins every home football game with the traditional hometown songs of "Massillon Will Shine", "Stand Up and Cheer" (to acknowledge the other team), the National Anthem, "Eye of the Tiger" and the WHS Alma Mater. At the beginning of each half time show, they perform what is known as "Opening Routine". This is a tradition that goes back for decades and consists of the band's entrance ("Turn Arounds") followed by "Fanfare", "Tiger Rag" and "Carry On". This entire routine is marched at 180 beats per minute and is practiced from the beginning of the rehearsals through the entire season.
The Swing Band is currently directed by Jason Neel. The 2011 edition of the Massillon Tiger Swing Band had an enrollment of 137.

</doc>
<doc id="2849596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849596" title="Punicalagin">
Punicalagin

Punicalagin is an ellagitannin, a type of phenolic compounds. It is found in forms alpha and beta in pomegranates ("Punica granatum"), in "Terminalia catappa" and "Terminalia myriocarpa", and in "Combretum molle", the velvet bushwillow, is a plant species found in South Africa. These three genera are all Myrtales and the last two are both Combretaceae.
Health effects.
Punicalagins are the largest molecule found intact in rat plasma after oral ingestion and were found to show no toxic effects in rats who were given a 6% diet of punicalagins for 37 days. Punicalagins are also found to be the major component responsible for pomegranate juice's antioxidant activity.
Punicalagin is water soluble and has high bioavailability. They are known to hydrolyze into smaller phenolic compounds such as ellagic acid in vivo where one potential mechanism is hydrolysis across the mitochondrial membrane of cultured human colon cells.
It is a highly active carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="2849605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849605" title="Ron Huldai">
Ron Huldai

Ron Huldai (; born 26 August 1944) is an Israeli politician, academic administrator, former fighter pilot and current mayor of Tel Aviv.
He was born in 1944 in Hulda (his surname is taken from the name of the kibbutz) to Polish parents from Łódź. He is a history graduate of Tel Aviv University, Auburn University Montgomery (Alabama), the U.S. Air Force Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base (Montgomery, AL), and the Advanced Management Program at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
In the course of his twenty-six years of military service in the Israeli Air Force (1963–1989), he served as a combat pilot and held several key senior command positions. As Brigadier General, he was in charge of the Air Force Pilots Training School. He also served as a coordinator of the government authorities and supervisor of civilian construction projects for the IAF.
Following his retirement from active duty in 1989, he entered the private sector. Three years later, he became headmaster of the prestigious Herzliya Hebrew High School and remained in office for six years.
A member of the Labour Party, Huldai was first elected mayor of Tel Aviv in 1998, was re-elected in 2003 with 62% of the vote, and again in 2008 with 50.6%.
Huldai ran for mayor in 2008 municipal elections as part of the One Tel Aviv list, a partnership between Labor and Kadima. He was supported by the Pensioners, the city council's largest faction.

</doc>
<doc id="2849617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849617" title="Salaberry Armoury">
Salaberry Armoury

The Salaberry Armoury ("Manège militaire de Salaberry"), is an historic armoury in Gatineau, Quebec, that is home to the armoured Régiment de Hull. The armoury was built in 1938, and was named after Colonel Charles de Salaberry, a hero of the War of 1812. It was one of a series of armouries built across Canada during the 1930s. Located just to the west of the Hull sector in downtown Gatineau, the armoury is a prominent local landmark. In the Canadian Forces, an armoury is a place where a reserve unit trains, meets, and parades. 
See also.
List of Armouries in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="2849620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849620" title="Lumber room">
Lumber room

The large houses of the well-heeled of Britain commonly had much very old, well-built furniture in them, more than was to be used in every room at any given time. Every piece was made-to-order. When not needed, it was neither sold nor discarded by them. At least one out-of-the-way room was selected to store the pieces that weren't in use. This was called the lumber room. Such is what is alluded to in the definition in the Oxford English Dictionary (OED), whose first reference is Richardson's novel Pamela and which is mentioned in a bit more detail in Daniel Pool's literary reference book of the 1990s, "What Jane Austen Ate and Charles Dickens Knew," among other literary reference works. 
The phrase "lumber room" is found in British fiction at least during the 19th century (e.g., Arthur Conan Doyle's 1891 Sherlock Holmes short story "The Five Orange Pips"), and the use of the word lumber in this phrase is that found in many obsolescent turns of phrase heard in various English-speaking countries. Probably one of the most evocative references is the short story by "Saki" (H. H. Munro) called "The Lumber Room": "Often and often Nicholas had pictured to himself what the lumber-room might be like, that region that was so carefully sealed from youthful eyes and concerning which no questions were ever answered. It came up to his expectations. In the first place it was large and dimly lit, one high window opening on to the forbidden garden being its only source of illumination. In the second place it was a storehouse of unimagined treasures."
The OED mentions in the verb "lumbering" that it first meant to obstruct with pieces of wood to make things from, and then shifted to general obstruction, hence furniture fit the later meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="2849630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849630" title="Tunebo">
Tunebo

Tunebo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849631" title="Caldo verde">
Caldo verde

Caldo verde (, Portuguese for "green broth") is a popular soup in Portuguese cuisine.
The basic traditional ingredients for "caldo verde" are potatoes, collard greens (although kale may be substituted), olive oil and salt. Additionally garlic or onion may be added. Some recipes add meat, such as ham hock, making it similar to Italo-American wedding soup. The soup is usually accompanied by slices of "chouriço" or "linguiça" (boiled separately with that water being discarded, the sausage added last minute to the soup), and with Portuguese "broa" cornbread for dipping. In Portugal, "caldo verde" is typically consumed during Portuguese celebrations, such as weddings., birthdays, and popular celebrations, for example, the St. John party, in Porto. It is sometimes consumed before a main course meal or as a late supper.
"Caldo verde" originated from the Minho Province in northern Portugal. Today, it is a traditional national favourite that has spread across the nation and abroad, especially to places where a large community of Portuguese immigrants has settled (e.g. Rhode Island and other parts of southern New England in the United States). References to the soup appear in many novels by Camilo Castelo Branco.

</doc>
<doc id="2849633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849633" title="List of Speakers of the Minnesota House of Representatives">
List of Speakers of the Minnesota House of Representatives

This is a list of Speakers of the Minnesota House of Representatives. The Speaker of the House is usually the leader of the majority party, and is the most powerful figure in the House. The current House Speaker is Rep. Paul Thissen.
State.
Notes on Minnesota political party names.
In 1913, Minnesota legislators began to be elected on nonpartisan ballots. Nonpartisanship also was an historical accident that occurred in the 1913 session when a bill to provide for no party elections of judges and city and county officers was amended to include the Legislature in the belief that it would kill the bill. Legislators ran and caucused as "Liberals" or "Conservatives" roughly equivalent in most years to Democratic-Farmer-Labor and Republican, respectively. The law was changed in 1973, in 1974, House members again ran with party designation.
Speaker Emeritus.
Under House rules, former speakers who are serving in the House are given the title of "Speaker Emeritus". While the position has no formal power, the title is seen as a sign of respect for former speakers. Currently, Rep. Kurt Zellers is serving as Speaker Emeritus.

</doc>
<doc id="2849636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849636" title="Polysexuality">
Polysexuality

Polysexuality is the attraction to multiple genders and/or sexes. A polysexual person is one "encompassing or characterized by many different kinds of sexuality." Polysexual is a sexual identity "used by people who recognize that the term "bisexual" reifies the gender dichotomy that underlies the distinction between heterosexuality and homosexuality, implying that bisexuality is nothing more than a hybrid combination of these gender and sexual dichotomies."
Scope and cultural aspects.
Polysexuality is distinct from polyamory, the desire to be intimately involved with more than one person at once, or pansexuality, which is attraction to all genders and sexes. Polysexuality encompasses many, but not necessarily all, sexualities. 
Polysexuality is a self-identifying term that is somewhat amorphous, as there is a wide variety of different people who use the term to describe themselves. Polysexual identity is related to gender identity and is used by some people who identify outside the binarist gender spectrum. People who refer to themselves as polysexual may be attracted to transgender people, third gender people, two-spirit people, genderqueer people, plus people who are intersex. However, polysexuality does not have to be the exclusive attraction towards non-binary genders/sexes, though it can be. People who identify as polysexual may still be attracted to one or both binary genders/sexes. 
The relationship between religion and sexuality varies widely among belief systems, with some prohibiting polysexual behavior and others incorporating it into their practices. Major monotheistic religions generally prohibit polysexual activity.

</doc>
<doc id="2849640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849640" title="He Jifeng">
He Jifeng

He Jifeng (, born August 1943 in Shanghai) is a Chinese computer scientist.
He Jifeng graduated from the mathematics department of Fudan University in 1965. From 1965 to 1985, he was an instructor at East China Normal University. During 1980–81, he was a visiting scholar at Stanford University and the University of San Francisco in California, USA.
From 1984 to 1998, He Jifeng was a Senior Research Fellow at the Programming Research Group in the Oxford University Computing Laboratory (now the Oxford University Department of Computer Science). He worked extensively on formal aspects of computing science. In particular, he worked with Prof. Sir Tony Hoare, latterly on Unifying Theories of Programming, resulting in a book of that name.
Since 1986, He Jifeng has been Professor of Computer Science at East China Normal University in Shanghai. In 1996, he also became Professor of Computer Science at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
In 1998, he became a Senior Research Fellow at the International Institute for Software Technology (UNU-IIST), United Nations University, based in Macau. He moved back to Shanghai in 2005.
He Jifeng's research interests include sound methods for the specification of computer systems, communications, application and standards, and techniques for designing and implementing those specifications in software and/or hardware with high reliability.
In 2005, he was elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2013, his 70th birthday was celebrated at East China Normal University with an international three-day Festschrift in association with the "International Conference on Theoretical Aspects of Computing" (ICTAC).
Books.
He Jifeng has written a number of computer science books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2849645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849645" title="Reid Flair">
Reid Flair

Richard Reid Fliehr (February 26, 1988 March 29, 2013) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Reid Flair. He was the youngest son of legendary professional wrestler Ric Flair and also younger half-brother of wrestler David Flair.
Amateur wrestling career.
Fliehr attended Providence High School in Charlotte, North Carolina and Blair Academy in New Jersey, and was an accomplished amateur wrestler achieving numerous awards. During a tournament, Fliehr attacked another competitor after he taunted Fliehr by mocking his father. In April 1998, Fliehr won the AAU National Wrestling Tournament.
Professional wrestling career.
World Championship Wrestling.
Fliehr wrestled two matches in the now defunct World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In the first, on October 4, 1998, he was ten years old when he defeated Eric Bischoff and on June 12, 2000, he teamed with his father Ric in a loss to David Flair and Vince Russo in a tag team match.
Independent circuit and All Japan Pro Wrestling (2008–2013).
Fliehr made an appearance on March 29, 2008 during the WWE Hall of Fame. The next night, he made his first WrestleMania appearance with his family representing Ric Flair in the Hall of Fame. He also sat at ringside during the WrestleMania XXIV event. He appeared on "Raw" the following night with his family to honor his father's career.
Throughout 2008, Fliehr was trained by Harley Race. Fliehr made his debut on December 6, 2008, under the name "Reid Flair", teaming with his elder brother David to defeat The Nasty Boys in Charlotte, North Carolina, with Hulk Hogan as the special guest referee. He wrestled for many independent promotions such as Big Time Wrestling and Northeast Wrestling.
On April 11, 2009, Flair, his brother David, and Brad Anderson beat Jeff Lewis, C.W. Anderson and Masked Superstar at an NWA Charlotte show. The match ended controversially with a double pin, when Flair pinned Lewis while CW Anderson pinned Brad Anderson. At the end of the match, Flair was awarded the NWA Mid-Atlantic Heritage Championship belt. At NWA Charlotte's next show on May 25, however, Lewis was announced as the NWA Mid-Atlantic Heritage Champion, with no explanation given. On May 2, he and David took on Buff Bagwell and Rikki Nelson and would lose. After the match the former champion Jeff Lewis was announced as the current champion, with no explanation given. In June 2010, Reid teamed up with George South Jr. to take part in The Anderson Brothers Classic 4 Tournament where they defeated Caleb Konley and Cedric Alexander in the semi finals and Charlie Dreamer and Jake Manning in the final. In August he made his debut for Lucha Libre USA. In the same month next year he participated in NWA Future Legends Tournament and lost to John Skyler in the semi final. In late 2012 it was reported that Flair had started training with All Japan Pro Wrestling. Flair made his in-ring debut for All Japan on January 26, 2013, when he replaced his sick father in a tag team match, where he and Keiji Mutoh were defeated by Seiya Sanada and Tatsumi Fujinami, with Sanada pinning him for the win. During February, Flair worked All Japan's "Excite Series" tour, wrestling undercard tag team matches. On March 15, Flair wrestled his first singles match in All Japan, submitting Yasufumi Nakanoueno with the figure-four leglock. Flair returned to the United States following All Japan's March 17 event.
Personal life.
Fliehr was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, to former professional wrestler Ric Flair and Elizabeth Fliehr. He was the youngest of four siblings; he had a half-sister Megan, a half-brother David, and a sister Ashley; the latter two are both professional wrestlers. Reid Fliehr attended and graduated from Providence High School (North Carolina) in 2007.
Fliehr was arrested on June 23, 2007, for assault and battery, and was released after posting bail. On March 4, 2009, Fliehr was arrested for driving while impaired in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, and was released after posting $1000 in bail. Fliehr was arrested again on April 26, 2009. After crashing his car, police found black tar heroin inside it, and he faced felony charges. He was also charged with driving while impaired, driving with a revoked license, and possession of drug paraphernalia, and was released after posting $15,000 in bail. He later overdosed twice in 2011.
Death.
On March 29, 2013, Fliehr was found dead in bed at a Residence Inn in the SouthPark hotel room in Charlotte, North Carolina. In June 2013, Fliehr's autopsy revealed he had died from an accidental overdose of heroin and the prescription drugs clonazepam and alprazolam.
Footnotes.
At the conclusion of a match on April 11, 2009, Flair was handed the championship. At the following show, the former champion Jeff Lewis was announced as the current champion, with no explanation given.

</doc>
<doc id="2849647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849647" title="RLI">
RLI

RLI is an essential and highly conserved protein that is required for both eukaryotic translation initiation as well as ribosome biogenesis. The most studied homologues are Rli1p in yeast and Pixie in "Drosophila".
Structure.
RLI is a 68 kDa cytoplasmic protein found in most eukaryota and archae. Since the crystal structure for RLI has not yet been determined, all that is known has been inferred from protein sequencing. The protein sequences between species is very well conserved, for example Pixie and yeast Rli1p are 66% identical, and Rli1p and human RLI are 67% identical.
 RLI belongs to the ABCE family of ATP-binding cassette (ABC) proteins. ABC proteins typically also contain a transmembrane region, and utilize ATP to transport substrates across a membrane, however RLI is unique in that it is a soluble protein that contains ABC domains. RLI has two C-terminal ABC domains; upon binding ATP they form a characteristic "ATP-sandwich," with two ATP molecules sandwiched between the two dimerized ABC domains. Hydrolysis of ATP allows the dimer to dissociate in a fully reversible process. Incubation of the protein with a non-hydrolyzable ATP analogue or a mutation of the ABC domain causes a complete loss of protein function.
 RLI also has a cysteine-rich N-terminal region that is predicted to tightly bind two [4Fe-4S] clusters. Mutation of this region, or depletion of available Fe/S clusters, renders the protein unable to function, and loss of cell viability, making RLI the only known essential cytoplasmic protein dependent on Fe/S cluster biosynthesis in the mitochondria. The function of the Fe/S clusters is unknown, although it has been suggested that they regulate the ABC domains in response to a change in the redox environment, for example in the presence of reactive oxygen species.
Function.
 RLI and its homologues in yeast and "Drosophila" have two major identified functions: transcription initiation and ribosome biogenesis. In addition, human RLI is a known inhibitor of RNAse L. This was the first activity identified and the source of its name (RNAse L Inhibitor).
Translation Initiation.
 Translation initiation is an essential process required for proper protein expression and cell viability. Rli1p has been found to co-purify with eukaryotic initiation factors, specifically eIF2, eIF5, and eIF3, as well as the 40S subunit of the ribosome. These initiation factors must associate with the ribosome in stoichiometric proportions, while Rli1p is required in catalytic amounts. The following mechanism for the process has been proposed: One ABC domain binds the 40S subunit, while the other binds an initiation factor. Binding of ATP allows for dimerization, which subsequently brings the initiation factor and ribosomal subunit in close enough contact to associate. ATP hydrolysis releases the two substrates and allows the cycle to begin again. This model is similar to one that has been proposed for DNA repair enzymes with ABC domains, in which each domain binds either side of a broken piece of DNA, with hydrolysis allowing the pieces to be brought together and subsequently repaired.
Ribosome Biogenesis.
 RLI and its homologues are also thought to play a role in ribosome biogenesis, nuclear export, or both. They have been found in the nucleus associated with the 40S and 60S subunits, as well as Hcr1p, a protein required for rRNA processing. It has been shown that the Fe/S clusters are necessary for ribosome biogenesis and/or nuclear export, although the exact mechanism is unknown.
RNAse inhibitor.
Human RLI was first identified because of its ability to inhibit RNAse L, which plays a crucial role in antiviral activity in mammals. This cannot account for the conservation of the protein in all other organisms, since only mammals have the RNAse L system. It has been suggested that RLI in lower eukaryotes functions by inhibiting RNAses involved in ribosomal biosynthesis, thereby regulating the process.
Role of Mitochondria.
The mitochondria’s energetic and metabolic functions have been established to be non-essential for yeast cell viability. The only function that has been implicated in being necessary for survival is the biosynthesis of Fe/S clusters. RLI is the only known essential cytoplasmic Fe/S protein that is absolutely dependent on the mitochondrial Fe/S synthesis and export system for proper maturation. Rli1p is therefore a novel link between the mitochondria and ribosome function and biosynthesis, and therefore the viability of the cell.

</doc>
<doc id="2849650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849650" title="Van Camp's">
Van Camp's

Van Camp’s is a brand of canned beans currently owned by ConAgra Foods, Inc. Their products typically consist of beans stewed in a flavored sauce. Van Camp's has for some time been the second-best selling brand of baked beans in the United States, competing with Bush's Baked Beans.
The origin of the brand derives from a company begun in 1861 by Gilbert Van Camp. His son Frank is credited with the development of Van Camp's canned pork and beans recipe in 1894. He went on to found Van Camp Seafood. 
The firm is considered to have been a trendsetter in the canned-foods industry, and by 1909 Van Camp’s was the dominant vendor of pork and beans. In 1933 it was acquired by James and John Stokely, who operated the Stokely canned tomato company in Newport, Tennessee, forming Stokely-Van Camp, Inc., with the resultant combined company headquartered in Indianapolis. In the 1970s, Stokely-Van Camp agreed to produce, market and distribute a new beverage called Gatorade. This product was the first sports drink, and would eventually generate more in sales than the rest of SVC's other products combined. In 1983 the brand passed to the Quaker Oats Company when it purchased Stokely-Van Camp. Quaker Oats, in turn, sold off the Stokely brand in 1985 to Seneca Foods, and sold Van Camp's to ConAgra in 1995.
Over the years, a number of foods have been sold under the Van Camp’s name, including its popular Tenderoni pasta product, but it only sells canned cooked beans, including pork and beans, baked beans, butter beans, kidney beans, a vegetarian variant of its pork and bean recipe, and "“Beanee Weenee”"—a mixture of beans with slices of frankfurter made of beef and chicken in a tomato sauce.

</doc>
<doc id="2849652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849652" title="Ohio High School Athletic Association">
Ohio High School Athletic Association

The Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) is the governing body of athletic programs for junior and senior high schools in the state of Ohio. The OHSAA governs eligibility of student athletes, resolves disputes, organizes levels of competition by divisional separation of schools according to attendance population, and conducts state championship competitions in all the OHSAA-sanctioned sports.
Membership.
There are approximately 820 member high schools and 850 more schools in the 7th-8th grade division of the OHSAA. Most public and private high schools in Ohio belong to the OHSAA.
Structure.
Districts.
The Association is divided into six districts, each with its own District Athletic Board, including the Central District, East District, Northeast District, Northwest District, Southeast District, and Southwest District.
The District boards conduct Sectional and District tournaments. The main OHSAA board conducts Regional and State tournaments.
Classifications and Divisions.
Member high schools are divided into 3 classifications (A, AA, AAA). Prior to 1989 many sports held tournaments based on these classifications. Since then, each sport individually divides into numbered divisions based on enrollment, taking into account the total number of schools offering that Varsity sport and placing an equal number of schools in each division. 
The Classifications (A being the smallest schools, AAA the largest) are still used to fill spots on the District Athletic Boards (2 representatives from each class).
The number of divisions vary based on how many schools offer that sport. Football has the most, with 7 divisions (Division 1 being the largest schools). 3 sports have a single division: Boys' Ice Hockey and Girls' Field Hockey and Gymnastics.
History.
The OHSAA is an unincorporated, non-profit organization founded in 1907. Members of the Western Ohio Superintendents Round Table had frequently discussed the need of a central organization for high school athletics. In 1906 they passed a resolution to appoint a committee, headed by George R. Eastman, the first President of the Board of Control.
The first OHSAA sponsored state tournament, in Track and Field, was held on May 23, 1908 at Denison University. Columbus North became the first state champions, finishing ahead of Dayton Steele.
Commissioners since 1925.
Prior to 1925, the Board of Control officers handled duties now associated with the Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="2849653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849653" title="Jean H. Toal">
Jean H. Toal

Jean Hoefer Toal (born August 11, 1943) is the first woman and the first Roman Catholic to serve as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
Toal graduated from Agnes Scott College in 1965 and the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1968, where she was Managing Editor of the South Carolina Law Review. As a lawyer, she argued before the United States Supreme Court on behalf of the Catawba Nation. She represented Richland County as a Democrat in the South Carolina House of Representatives for 13 years before being elected to the South Carolina Supreme Court in 1988, the first woman elected to this position. She was reelected over Tom Ervin in 1996.
Toal was elected Chief Justice in 2000. She served as the President of the Conference of Chief Justices from July 2007-July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2849654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849654" title="Women and video games">
Women and video games

The complex relationship between women and video games has received extensive academic, corporate, and social attention. Female gamers have traditionally represented a distinct minority of total gamers, although studies show considerably high numbers (47% of the American gamer population according to the ESA ). Advocates for increasing the number of female gamers stress the problems attending disenfranchisement of females from one of the fastest-growing cultural realms as well as the largely untapped nature of the female gamer market. Efforts to include greater female participation in the medium have addressed the problems of gendered advertising, social stereotyping, and the dearth of female video game creators (coders, developers, producers, etc.). Debate has also been provoked regarding whether the proper course of the industry should be to create female-targeted games in parallel with male-targeted games or whether gender-neutral games should be the ultimate goal. After decades of gender disparity among players, the gap between number of male and female gamers is today closing.
Socially, the term "girl gamer" has also received attention both from advocates who largely use it as a reappropriated term as well as from those that argue against its use by characterizing it as a counterproductive or offensive term. Stereotypes and generalities about the "girl gamer" as a figure of the gaming scene have become common within the video game culture.
Women in the games industry.
The role of women in the games industry—as professionals and as consumers—has been extensively explored by numerous academic and business groups. Women represent approximately half the population in 2013 but in 2009 were observed to constitute a small percentage of video game players.
Gender disparity as a problem.
The recognition that the gender disparity in video games is a problem has come separately from academic and social theory groups and from corporate marketing groups. The concept that video games are a form of art is one that has begun to gain force in the later half of the 2000s with the US National Endowment for the Arts recognizing games as a form of art in May 2011, for example, and the Supreme Court of the United States holding video games to be a protected form of speech in "Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association". In viewing video games as cultural artifacts and the industry as a cultural industry, the disenfranchisement of women from the medium is regarded as negatively impacting the female voice in the industry and the woman's capacity to take part in the cultural dialogue that gaming inspires. In short it is comparable to cutting women out of any other cultural medium like the fields of film, music, or literature. From an education perspective, certain gaming genres particularly lacking in female players such as the first-person shooter game have been shown to increase spacial skills thereby giving advantages to players of the games that are currently skewed along gender lines. Video games have also been determined to provide an easy lead-in to computer literacy for children and correlations have been drawn between male video gaming and the predominance of male workers within the computer industry. With the increasing importance of tech jobs in the 21st century and the increased role of online networking, the lack of female video game players suggests a loss of future career opportunities for women.
Lack of female game creation/development.
The majority of the people who work on game development teams are men. As a result the team's best efforts often result in a game that closely matches the male perspective and expectations. Researchers have identified that one of the best ways to increase the percentage of female players comes from the aspect of authorship (either in-game as with "Neopets" and "Whyville", or indirectly as with the "Harry Potter" series' inclusion of Hermione as a playable character subsequent to fan requests). Female gaming is on the rise but the industry is still a male-dominated one and some researchers argue that the female perspective is necessary to vitalize the industry. For this reason, groups like WomenGamers.com (founded 1999) and Sony (G.I.R.L.) are seeking to increase female gamer demographics by giving scholarships to girls considering getting into game development, and game developers like Check Six Games, Her Interactive, GirlGames, GirlTech, Silicon Sisters and Purple Moon have openly courted female coders and developers.
Regarding elements of game design, areas such as gameplay, mechanics, and similar features have been described as gender neutral, however presentational aspects of games have been identified as strongly gender-linked. Specifically, gaming is often seen as fantasy and escapism in which empathy and identification with the character is much more easily achieved if the character shares the same gender as the player. Gamers of both genders tend to crave realism and the more realistic the gender of the character, the easier it is for a player to identify with the character. An academic study in 2010, however, found that 85% of playable characters in video games are male. Erin Hamilton argues that part of the problem comes from the difficulty in "juxtaposing femininity and feminism in a good video game." When female characters do appear in video games, they are often regarded as presenting unhealthy messages concerning unrealistic body images and provocative sexual and violent behaviors for players of both genders. Stereotypical female behaviors such as giggling or sighing are often presented non-ironically, and this leads young children (especially girls who identify with the female character) to think that this is how girls are supposed to look and act. Furthermore, over-sexualized depictions of scantily clad female video game characters such as "Tomb Raider"'s Lara Croft aren't appealing to many girls.
Another aspect of game design that has been identified as negatively impacting female gamer ratios is the degree of expertise with gaming conventions and familiarity with game controls required to play the game. In-game tutorials have been found to bring both sexes into games faster, and new controllers such as Nintendo's Wii Remote, Microsoft's Kinect, and the various rhythm game controllers have affected demographics by making games easier to pick up and by providing a level playing-field.
Gendered marketing and studies.
As the video game industry has risen to prominence as a market sector, advertisements and specialty press have also gained a foothold, however these secondary industries are often directed almost entirely at young men in their 20s. Whereas in the early days of the industry a lack of advertising and reporting (including gender-specific marketing) allowed for closer sharing of the market between males and females, the male-targeted marketing of the modern era (including male-targeted and typically male-staffed video game boutiques) has the effect of boosting male gamer ratios over female ratios.
Industry studies on the lack of females in gaming have also suffered at times from biases of interpretation. Kevin Kelly of Joystiq has suggested that a high degree of circular reasoning is evident when male developers use focus groups and research numbers to determine what kinds of games girls play. After making a bad game that targets those areas suggested by the marketing research, the game's lack of popularity among both genders is often attributed to the incorrect prejudice that "girls don't play games" rather than the true underlying problems such as poor quality and playability of the game. Whereas market data and research are important to reveal that markets exist, argues Kelly, they shouldn't be the guiding factor in how to make a game that appeals to girls. The argument has also been advanced that emphasis on market research is often skewed by the participants in the study. In studies on male gamers of the baby boomer generation, for example, players displayed a marked aversion to violence. The incorrect conclusion that could be drawn from this result—that men dislike violent games—may also be comparable to incorrect conclusions drawn from some female-oriented gaming studies.
Social and cultural attitudes.
Critics attribute the seeming lack of female interest in video games to the negative portrayal of women in video games and to misogynistic attitudes common among professional and hardcore gamers. A 2012 Twitter discussion among women working in games, collated under the hashtag "#1reasonwhy", indicated that sexist practices such as the oversexualization of female characters, disinterest in topics that matter to women as well as workplace harassment and unequal pay for men and women were common in the games industry.
Gender biases have entered mainstream culture as well leading to the recognition that when males and females are responding to gaming surveys, context and the nature of the person or group posing the question matters to a considerable degree with males publicly disavowing playing games like "Dance Dance Revolution" while privately playing the game and females disavowing gaming in any form while privately playing video games. Female gamers also face the problem of having few or no role models of the same gender. This makes some of them feel that they should edit their femininity in order to maintain credibility as a gamer, and that they must fit into the caricatured role of the "girl gamer" in order to be accepted.
Some critics have identified parents as partially to blame for perpetuating some of the stereotypes that female gamers face as boys are bought gifts like Xboxes while girls are bought girl-focused games like "Barbie" or educational games. Furthermore, the purchase of games for children is infrequently accompanied by parental oversight and so parents are often unaware of over-sexualized and other negative images relating to women characters in games. Comparable to a rite of passage, negative stereotyping of all female video game players as "girl gamers" quite often come from male gamers who have themselves been negatively stereotyped by the broader society. The solution to the problem of societal pigeonholing of female gamers is often identified as interventionist work such as the insertion of women into the industry. Activism and specifically female-targeted LAN parties in Scandinavia have helped boost female game playing.
In examining game play habits at Internet cafés, South Korea has seen a rise in female gamers publicly playing games such as "Lineage", however in other Asian countries this kind of public female gaming has remained rare. Furthermore, games such as "Tamagotchi" are seen as a gender neutral in Japan but have been regarded as girls' games in the West. Female trends in one country may be indicators of changes in others, however. The rise of female "Lineage" players in Korea, for example, has led to increased number of female "Lineage" players in Taiwan. In Japan the rise of cute culture and its associated marketing has made gaming accessible for girls, and this trend has also carried over to Taiwan and recently China (both countries previously having focused mostly on MMOs and where parents usually place harsher restrictions on daughters than on sons).
Differences between the genders.
Some differences between gamers may also have to do with fundamental taste differences between the sexes. Both Sid Meier and Shigeru Miyamoto have discussed their inability to get their wives to play videogames despite decades as game designers and, in Meier's case, her also working in the industry. A few game genres have traditionally seen higher female gamer percentages than the others. There has been persistent female interest, for example, in action-adventure games. This has more recently translated into an interest in MMORPGs like "World of Warcraft" and "Second Life". Women have also been shown to prefer role-playing game to first-person shooters. While male audiences prefer fast-paced explosive action and combat, women tend to prefer in-game communication and interpersonal relationships (character development and plot dynamics). In-game activities may also differ between the sexes in games with less linear plots such as the "Grand Theft Auto" series. It has been suggested that developers can learn what girls want in a game by observing similarities in how different girl teams will react to and modify a game if given the opportunity.
Some males in MMO's are more oriented to achievement based play while females choose to become more social. Most females play video games when a male is present. Typically playing with the other gender can be viewed as a partnership for both players and can improve their online communication with one another.
On the other hand, some critics have suggested that genre preferences aren't as important a difference between the genders as the quality of the games played. Women are often characterized as preferring story-driven games or constructive games like "The Sims" or "Civilization", but some seem to like first person shooters as well.
The male point of view.
Although a large number of the population of male gamers have been the source of harassment towards female gamers and over-sexualization of the characters, there are men in the gaming industry who agree that there is a problem with female over-sexualization in gaming. There are also male gamers that argue that some of the sexualization of women in video games also applies to men in video games and that portraying a man or woman in a video game in a sexual way can be acceptable if done in the right context.
Future outlook.
In addressing the future of the medium, many researchers have argued for the improvement of the gaming industry to appeal to a more general gender-neutral audience and others have suggested that the appeal should be directed to females in particular. Producers and designers are split about how best to capture the female market with some pushing for a gender-neutral market and others pushing for a future with male-targeted games as well as female-targeted games. Developers are also appealing to a wider demographic by focusing not so much on appealing to one gender or the other but by creating games with a more powerful story line.
In the past, "girl games" have frequently been created by adapting girl-oriented material in other media like "The Baby-sitters Club", "Barbie", and "Nancy Drew" while leaving male-targeted genres such as sport and driving sims, role playing games, and first person shooters to the boys. This has begun to change, however, with the expansion of entrepreneurial feminism and the concept of "games by girls for girls" that has been embraced by companies such as HerInteractive, GirlGames, GirlTech, Silicon Sisters and Purple Moon—all video gaming start ups that are female owned and largely female staffed. Creating games designed with regard to sociological, psychological, and cognitive research into girls' cultural interests, such companies hope to awaken a female-only market emphasizing fundamental differences between what girls want and what boys want in gaming.
The movement to expand the existing market to include females through the development of gender-neutral games has also had a number of advocates. Critics have proposed that female gamers, especially older female gamers prefer gender-neutral games such as "Tetris", "Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?", the "King's Quest" games, "The Sims", or "Civilization" to "girl games". One of the earliest attempts to broaden the market to include females could be seen in Sega's use of the increased number of female protagonists in fighting games. Other examples of this include games like "Mass Effect 3", which includes a female option for the main character which many gamers, men and women alike, have started to turn to, "Remember Me", and "the Last of Us". These games decided to use strong female characters in important roles which was often met with a great deal of resistance. Examination of IGN's Big Games at E3 2012 and Big Games at E3 2013 shows growth of the female protagonist in video games, rising 4% from 2012 to 2013. Other efforts outside of making games with female characters have also started to occur. One example is that Women in Games International has teamed up with the Girl Scouts of Greater Los Angeles in order to create the first video game patch which the two organizations hope will encourage Girl Scouts to develop an interest in science, technology, engineering, and math. This trend has continued through the efforts of Nintendo in its release of the Wii. Nintendo's shift from emphasis on core gamers (i.e. male gamers) to a broader audience has been recognized as making eminent financial good sense as it is more lucrative to target the untapped female gamer market share than to restrict marketing to males alone. Indeed the Wii's success with female gamers has been seen as closely related to the fact that the console is gender neutral and targeted to the field at large rather than at females solely.
Female gamers as a demographic.
According to a study conducted by the Entertainment Software Association in 2012, "Forty-seven percent of all game players are women. In fact, women over the age of 18 represent a significantly greater portion of the game-playing population (30 percent) than boys age 17 or younger (18 percent)."
Entertainment Software Association’s 2013 study found that 45% of game players are female, 2% decrease from last year’s figures. However, women 18 years or older represent 31% of the game-playing population, one percent higher than last year, while boys 17 years and younger represent 19% of the game-playing population. Women over 18 are one of the fastest growing demographics in the gaming industry and the percentage of females in gaming has continued to grow considering only 38% of the gaming population was female in 2006.
Not only is the general female gaming population growing, but the spread of this population is expanding over many facets of gaming.
A 2010 study by the Entertainment Software Association had found that the percentage of women playing online had risen to 42%, up several percent since 2004. The same 2010 study showed that 46% of game purchasers were female, and this figure increased to 48% by 2012.
According to a survey done in 2004 by the Entertainment Software Association, 25 percent of console players and 39 percent of PC game players were women. According to a survey conducted by EEDAR, 60 percent of female gamers played on mobile devices. The survey also found that 63 percent of these female mobile gamers played online multiplayer mobile games.
In fact, 38% of Xbox users are female and 51% of them have children. Nintendo claims that 50% of its users are female as of 2013.
Thirty percent of women are playing more violent games. Of this 30%, 20% play Call of Duty and 15% play Grand Theft Auto.
The age range of female gamers is widening as well. Seventy percent of females between 12 and 24 years of age play games. Sixty-one percent of females between 45 and 64 years of age play games, while only 57% of males in the same age group play games.
Game play is now becoming more popular among families. Sixteen percent of gamers play with their parents, 32% play with other family members, and 16% play with their spouse or significant other. Thirty-five percent of parents play games with their children every week and 58% of parents play with their children at least once a month.
In 1989, females constituted only 3% of the gaming industry. A 1993 self-reported survey by "Computer Gaming World" found that 7% of its readers were female. Today, in 2013, that number has gone up to 12%. Gary Carr, the creative director of Lionhead Studios, predicts that within the next 5 to 10 years, the games development workforce will be 50% female. Despite the increasing number of females in the gaming industry, females in the industry receive an average of 27% less income than their male counterparts. The study does not take education level and job responsibilities into account.
In recognition of the importance of the issues of women and girls as game developers and players, the International Game Developers Association, an association of companies and individuals in the games industry, has formed a Special Interest Group for Women in Game Development. This is an active field of discussion and a topic in many conferences in the video gaming industry.
Notable women in the video game industry.
Carol Shaw.
Carol Shaw is noted as the first female video game designer, breaking the ice for other women in the video game industry. Shaw began as an Atari employee, designing and programing "3-D Tic-Tac-Toe" (1979) for the Atari 2600.
Shaw later joined Activision where she designed "Happy Trails" for the Intellivision and "River Raid" for the and Atari 5200 for which she is most widely known. Additionally, she designed an unreleased "Polo" game in 1978 and worked on the game "Super Breakout".
Now retired, Shaw lives in California with her husband, Ralph Merkle.
Shaw is credited on the following games:
Kellee Santiago.
Kellee Santiago is a video game designer and producer. While studying at the Interactive Media Program of the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California, Santiago produced the game "Cloud" which was developed by Jenova Chen and a team of students. After graduating, Santiago and Chen founded Thatgamecompany, and Santiago took on the role of president. The studio’s first two games, which Santiago produced, are "Flow" and "Flower" (2009).
These games are most notable because they foster an experience that focuses on something other than competition, which makes her games quite unique. Santiago’s games are also different because they allow a player to control the wind or an aquatic microorganism. Flower ranked among Sony’s top 10 PlayStation games for two years in a row and the PlayStation 3 follow-up game, "Journey" (2012), won several video game awards last year as well as a Grammy nomination for Best Original Soundtrack.
Santiago announced in 2012 that she would leave Thatgamecompany. Additionally she is a backer for the Indie Fund, which invests in independent video games, is a TED fellow, and is the head of developer relations for OUYA.
Santiago is credited on the following games:
Reine Abbas.
Lebanese entrepreneur Reine Abbas is best known as a co-founder/partner of Wixel Studios. Abbas began in the video game industry with six years as head of the art department in DigiPen Institute of Technology/AKE for six years during which time she worked on several projects including game production and illustration (in both 2D and 3D), character design, and modeling as well as other artistic projects. Her expertise includes not only digital painting but training in the traditional arts as well.
In 2008, along with Ziad Feghali and Karim Abi Saleh, Reine Abbas worked to found Wizel Studios. Wixel is one of Lebanon’s first ever gaming companies. Their latest game, "Survival Race: Life or Power Plants", a game available both for iOS and Android, focuses on “post-global warming Middle East with two unlikely Arab heroes: Salem, the young Saudi wheelie stunt champion and Abu Ahmad, a middle-aged botanist.”
Julie Uhrman.
Julie Uhrman is best known as the CEO and founder of OUYA. Uhrman has worked in the gaming industry for ten years at companies like IGN, GameFly and Vivendi Universal during which time she oversaw digital distribution and business development.
In 2012, Uhrman founded the OUYA project to create an Android based games console that would allow Indie developers to make games for the TV.
Development for the project was funded by Kickstarter and raised $8.5 million, making it the second-highest earning project in Kickstarter’s history.
The console was released to the general public on June 25, 2013 and was one of the most anticipated video game consoles to come out in years. Soon the Android and open source console will be available at Amazon, Best Buy, Gamestop, and Target. Additionally Uhrman plans to put out a new version of the product (which sells for $99) every year.
Uhrman was credited on the following games:
Heather Kelley.
Heather Kelley is a media artist and video game designer, most famous as the founder of Perfect Plum, a start-up specializing for software for women. Kelley also came up with the well-known iPhone app OhMiBod Remote. Kelly is also a co-founder of the Kokoromi experimental game collective for which she curates the annual Gamma social gaming event which showcases the best current indie games.
Kelley has also worked as a game design researcher at the Hexagram institute and previously was a “Game Life artist” at the Firehouse center for the Arts. She also served as the creative director at the Emergent Media center at Champlain College.
Additionally, Kelley has been involved in game-based efforts to put a stop to gender violence and held the role of co-chair at the IGDA Women in Games Development Special Interest Group.
Kelley is credited on the following games:
Support groups for women in the video game industry.
WIGSIG (Women In Games Special Interest Group).
WIGSIG is a special interest group of IDGA (International Game Developers Association). The group was formed in order to foster a positive impact on the game industry regarding gender balance in the workplace and/or marketplace. It provides a community, resources, and opportunities for people in the gaming industry. It also works to assess the numbers of the women in the games industry and tracks the changes of these numbers over time. Additionally, it works to recruit women into the games industry and make the field more attractive to women while providing them with the support and connections they need to be successful.
WIGJ (Women In Games Jobs).
WIGJ is a group that works to recruit, preserve, and provide support for the advancement of women in the games industry by positively and energetically endorsing female role models and providing encouragement and information to women interested in working in the gaming field. The group was incorporated under the UK’s Companies Act 2006 on June 2, 2011 as a “not for profit” or Community Interest Company. Companies in the game development industry have, in recent years, been seeking to balance the gender ratios on development teams and consoles like the Wii and Nintendo DS have seen increased numbers of female players. In addition to using this growing interest in women in the game developing industry, WIGJ works to put more women in traditional game development with less stigma attached to them. WIGJ seeks to help women find their place within the growing and rewarding field of game development.
"Girl gamers".
"Girl gamers" or "gamer girls" is a label for women who regularly play video games, role-playing games, or other games. While some critics have advocated use of the label as a reappropriated term, others have described the term as unhelpful, offensive, and even harmful or misleading. The word "girl", for example, has been seen as an inherently age-linked term that glosses over the difference between women over 30 and younger women. The term "girl gamer" rather than simply "gamer" has also been described as perpetuating the minority position of female gamers. For many critics uncomfortable with the term "girl gamer", its over-embracement may lead to the perpetuation of negative stereotypes of female gamers as oversexualized, casual, and sometimes defiant or confrontational. This in turn can result in poor game design. These critics submit that there is no single definition of a female gamer, and that women gamers are as diverse as any other group of people.

</doc>
<doc id="2849655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849655" title="Shahdadpur">
Shahdadpur

Shahdadpur ()is a city in Sindh, a province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°51'N and 67°64'E. The historical city of al-Mansura is situated about 19 km south-east of Shahdadpur. The shrines of Sohni and Mehinwal, from the Sohni Mahiwal story, are located in and near to the city, the shrine of Sohni is near to the city whilst that of Mehinwal is in the centre of the city. Shahdadpur has four union councils. It is one the major cities of district Sanghar. Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai (whose shrine is about 10 km from Shahdadpur in Bhit Shah) immortalised their love through his poetry particularly in the context of passion and affection.
History.
In a recent study Dr.N.A.Baluch,an eminent historian, scholar and former Vice-Chancellor of Sindh University has proved that Mir Shahdad Khan Son Of Rasheed khan they People Call Khan sahab founded Shahdadpur during the years 1125A.H.-1128A.H (1713-1715). In an 1116A.H (1704) document Mir Shahdad Khan is referred to as "Riffat Panah" meaning His Eminence. The document shows that Mir Shahdad Khan not only had barren lands cultivated but also provided security to the populace by ridding the region of dacoits (thieves). He established new norms for the sharing of produce between the owners and tillers. Mir Shahdad Khan had old canals and waterways renovated and also extended them. He had new canals dug as well and that was how he established the new settlement of Shahdadpur.
City and people.
People living in Shahdadpur belong to different races and communities such as Rind, Laghari, Khaskheli,"Chohan", Nizamani Talpur,Wassan, Abbasi,Soomro,Pathan,Chandio,Dal, Sand, Lakha, Abra,detha, Khosa, Surhia, Sarhandi Pir, Sindh, memon, Dahri, Jamali, Brohi, Magsi,Arain Lashari.Rajput, Quershi,Zardari and many sindhi communities. The people living in the city are Sindhi 55% speaking and Urdu Speaking & Punjabi Speaking are 40% and other 5% and different languages while the huge number of sindhi and Pashto speaking live in the villages near to the city.
The huge number of Punjabi speakers also lives in the nearby villages.shahdadpur population is 
24,35800
Map.
Nizamani

</doc>
<doc id="2849659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849659" title="Larry Lee">
Larry Lee

Lawrence H. "Larry" Lee, Jr. (March 7, 1943 – October 30, 2007) was an American guitarist and singer-songwriter from Memphis, Tennessee, best known for his work with Al Green and Jimi Hendrix.
Gypsy Sun and Rainbows.
Lee was an old friend of Jimi Hendrix and Billy Cox, they had all played together in various R&B acts, and in 1969 he joined Hendrix's new band Gypsy Sun and Rainbows as rhythm guitarist, occasionally playing alternating lead. The newly formed band was hired to play the Woodstock Music Festival for which Hendrix had been previously booked to play as the Jimi Hendrix Experience. Lee had only been back from the Vietnam war for two weeks, was unemployed when Hendrix called him and had only joined Gypsy Sun and Rainbows a week before the Woodstock concert.
At the concert Hendrix and Lee both wore white outfits and exotic headgear was much in evidence, Lee wore a distinctive green bandana that had long tassles hanging over his eyes, which at the time he thought was a statement of originality as he explains in the Woodstock DVD, whereas Billy Cox wore a multi coloured turban and Hendrix a bright pink bandana and large shining ear studs. Lee played a 1955 Gibson Les Paul Custom guitar and sang his own composition 'Master Mind' as well as two Impressions numbers sung as a medley - 'Gypsy Woman' and 'Aware of Love', with Hendrix playing Curtis Mayfield style back up, he also took several solos and played some alternating lead ("weaving") with Hendrix.
After Woodstock these "hired guns" briefly continued to help Hendrix develop his new style, which included the first of his classic, new "message" songs, in which Hendrix attempted to communicate his complex philosophy towards the current Vietnam war and human relationships in general: Machine Gun, Message to Love and Izabella. This group then played at the Harlem, 'United Block' benefit and later performed at the small 'Salvation' club in Greenwich Village to a mixed reception. Lee, Velez and Sultan then went off to pursue their briefly interrupted careers, Sultan later played occasional sessions for Hendrix.
Al Green years.
During the seventies, Lee acted as the band director and lead guitarist for Al Green's touring band. He appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and television specials around the world with Green. Lee also was a songwriter and wrote for Stax Records early recording artists, the Astors. "Judy", a song he wrote during his days playing with Hendrix in Nashville was covered by Al Green and the Spidells. Lee briefly traveled with blues great Albert King. He said King fired him because his playing overshadowed King's.
In the eighties through the nineties, he teamed with his friend, El Espada, Timothy Lee Matthews, and they collaborated on Matthews' CD "Songs for the Greats". Matthews, co-writer of the classic blues song, "Breaking Up Somebody's Home," called Lee the consummate "sideman", Lee's distinctive complementary rhythm and lead style can be heard on nine of the eleven songs on Matthews' CD.
Larry lived in Memphis, TN and played in the regional rock/blues/R&B outfit "Elmo & the Shades".Larry was a member of Elmo and the Shades for eight years and was an integral part of their success during this period.The band enjoyed much popularity during this time playing nightclubs,casinos,parties,and occasional blues festivals throughout Memphis and the Mid-South.Larry Lee is featured on three cuts on the new CD(2009) by Elmo and The Shades, "Blue Memphis".They are "Same Old Dog","I Get the Blues for Free", and the title cut "Blue Memphis". Larry took his leave from the group as his battle with cancer left him too weak to perform in August 2006. Larry was as soulful a blues singer and incredibly moving blues guitarist as Memphis, Beale St. and the world has ever seen.
He also joined in with Mike Strickland and the Usual Unusual Clowns at random intervals.
Death.
Larry Lee died in Memphis, Tennessee on October 29, 2007 after a year battling stomach cancer, and was buried at 11 a.m. on November 6 in West Tennessee Veterans Cemetery. He left wife Carrie Lee, daughter April D. Lee and three sons - Lawrence H. Lee III, Robert A. Lee, and Thomas Lee. He was also survived by his mother, Lula Lee, and five grandchildren.
Selective discography.
with (Timothy Lee Matthews)
ft. on track 4 "What Did She Say"
with Elmo and the Shades

</doc>
<doc id="2849660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849660" title="Chris Rob">
Chris Rob

Chris Rob is an American musician, native to Chicago and currently resides in Brooklyn, New York City. His twist of jazz and cool funk can be witnessed firsthand on the new Leon Ware release "Moon Ride" with the lead single, 'Smoovin', which Chris produced for the industry heavyweight. Chris has made several accomplishments like, opening act at the pre-Grammy brunch sponsored by attorney Londell McMillan and the Artist Empowerment Coalition. He was also featured on both the ASCAP and BMI showcases in lower Manhattan. Chris' first love is playing live and connecting with the audience. You've probably seen him hyping up the audience in the video for 'So High' from John Legend's "Live at The House of Blues" DVD. While on tour as the keyboardist and backup vocalist, he also took on the position of musical director for John Legend's 'Get Lifted' Tour. 
Chris was tapped to perform in Washington D.C. for President Barack Obama's inauguration festivities. In addition to his own solo shows, he directs the stage for classic hip hop artists including Pete Rock & CL Smooth, Black Moon, and The Real Live Show. He also collaborates heavily with producers like DJ Spinna (Stevie Wonder) and Devo Springsteen (Britney Spears), makes club hits including his most recent dance single 'Ghetto People' with co-writer and producer DJ Ian Friday. Chris toured with Atlantic Records' artist Laura Izibor as well as his own older brother, actor/comedian Craig Robinson (NBC's "The Office").
His additional stage credits as opening act and supporting musician include Stevie Wonder, Prince & the New Power Generation, Elton John, Snoop Dogg, John Mayer, Ashford & Simpson, Jill Scott, The Roots, The Black Eyed Peas, Alicia Keys, Barry Manilow, Roberta Flack, Common, Michelle N'degeocello, Cee-Lo Green, Anthony Hamilton, Patti Austin, and Pevin Everett. His television appearances include The Grammy Awards, "Oprah", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "The Office", "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", The Soul Train Awards, "Entertainment Tonight", "Raaymond is Laat" (Amsterdam), "Top of the Pops" (Amsterdam, London), and Jules Holland (London).

</doc>
<doc id="2849661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849661" title="CJXY-FM">
CJXY-FM

CJXY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 107.9 FM and serving the Hamilton, Ontario market, but licensed to the nearby city of Burlington. The station broadcasts an active rock format as Y108. Its signal can be heard as far north as Toronto and Vaughan and as far south as St. Catharines. In the United States, Y108 can be received in Buffalo and Erie, Pennsylvania with relative ease.
History.
The station was originally launched in 1948 as FM 94.1 CHML, a simulcast of AM station CHML. The simulcast was subsequently dropped in the 1950s, leaving the station silent. The owners relaunched the FM signal on the 95.3 frequency in 1964, with distinct programming from its AM sister station. In 1967 the station adopted the new callsign CKDS, in honour of company founder Kenneth D. Soble who had died in 1966.
In 1974, CHML and CKDS were purchased by ML Radio, a division of what was to become Western International Communications. On September 1, 1991, CKDS dropped its adult contemporary/easy listening format, and adopted the CJXY callsign and a rock music format as Y95.3.
In 2000, CHML and CJXY were acquired by Corus Entertainment. The following year, CJXY swapped frequencies with Corus' CING, taking over CING's former 107.9 frequency; at the same time, it changed its moniker to Y108.
Y108 had old-time CFNY host Alan Cross as program director until 2004, when he returned to CFNY. Jim McCourtie is currently CJXY's program director. Recently, CJXY has changed to a more modern rock format under the slogan 'Y108 Rocks!' with a substantial increase in new rock in its playlists. Y108 also regularly plays new rock from The Black Keys, Billy Talent, Foo Fighters, Monster Truck, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Soundgarden, The Sheepdogs, Nickelback, Oasis, The Trews, The Tragically Hip, Offspring and Smashing Pumpkins with some classic rock acts including Pink Floyd, Rolling Stones, AC/DC, Led Zeppelin and Ozzy Osbourne. Barry Taylor (formerly of 102.1 the Edge) and Brian West have also recently joined CJXY as on-air personalities. West is also a voice actor heard in cartoons including BeyBlade and BeyWheelz, and is also the station promo voice for CMT Television.

</doc>
<doc id="2849663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849663" title="Rubicon Trail">
Rubicon Trail

The Rubicon Trail is a 22-mile-long route, part road and part 4x4 trail, located in the Sierra Nevada of the western United States, due west of Lake Tahoe and about east of Sacramento.
The western maintained portion of the route is called the Wentworth Springs Road; it begins in Georgetown, California, a hamlet in California's Gold Country. The road continues from its intersection with State Route 193 towards Wentworth Springs, where the trailhead for the unmaintained portion of the route exists adjacent to Loon Lake. The trail portion of the route is about long and passes in part through the El Dorado National Forest as well as the Tahoe National Forest and the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit. The eastern maintained portion of the trail is called the McKinney Rubicon Springs Road.
Eventually, the trail leads you to the Lake Tahoe.
Trail Summary.
There are entrances to the trail, either at Wentworth Springs or at the Loon Lake spillway. The Wentworth Springs entrance, at Gerle Creek, is the original entrance to the trail, and starts with an obstacle known as Devil's Postpile (not to be confused with Devils Postpile National Monument near Mammoth Lakes). The Loon Lake route is shorter, first crossing the Granite Bowl, a large open rock valley. (The Loon Lake entrance previously had an obstacle known as The Gatekeeper. It was demolished in 2005 to regulate trail erosion).
The Wentworth Springs entrance to the trail joins the trail from Loon Lake shortly before Ellis Creek. After driving through the relatively mild section beyond Ellis Creek the Walker Hill obstacle is encountered. It includes a rocky climb followed by a notch that can either be straddled or side-hilled.
A short distance beyond Walker Hill is the Soup Bowl. The Soup Bowl is a short climb with a series of ledges that are difficult to climb. High clearance and long wheelbases help with this obstacle. After passing the Soup Bowl, the Little Sluice awaits.
The Little Sluice, also known as the Sluice Box or simply as "The Box", is close to Spider Lake. It is the most difficult section of the trail, and as such can be bypassed in two ways for vehicles that cannot ascend the main trail. The most common bypass route is to the left of the obstacle known as the long bypass. The second way to bypass the Little Sluice is to drive up Toyota Rock. Toyota Rock is to the right towards Spider Lake (so named because it resembles a spider from above), just before the large rocks in the Little Sluice, and leads to the slabs that surround Little Sluice. The large rocks in the Little Sluice were reduced in size in the fall of 2012 by El Dorado County in order to reduce concentrated camping and the "spectator" atmosphere at the Sluice. The section is still difficult, but difficulty has been reduced.
After passing the Little Sluice the next obstacle is Thousand Dollar hill (also sometimes called Million Dollar hill). It is a rock ledge followed by a steep grade, facing downhill if driving the trail towards Lake Tahoe. As of 7/15/2012, Thousand Dollar Hill has been closed. This obstacle had a moderately difficult bypass (the original trail), which is now the only route open.
The trail splits again about a half mile past this point, the lower trail continuing on the granite slabs (aka Indian Trail) or the upper trail through the Old Sluice. Both routes lead to Buck Island Lake. The granite slabs are off camber but are an easier and much quicker route to take.
After passing Buck Island Lake the trail continues towards the Big Sluice. This downhill section contains a switchback with a rock drop-off and an off camber rocky section, leading to the Rubicon River Bridge and then into the private property of the Rubicon Springs.
Rubicon Springs is on private property and must be respected as such. A cabin (in the same spot as the former 2-story hotel) houses the caretaker family. A seemingly endless number of camp spots is available around the springs, as well as a helipad for emergencies and for large events to fly supplies in. Most large events will set up base camp in the Springs because it is large enough for hundreds of people to camp. Notable annual events are the Jeepers Jamboree (maximum of 500 vehicles), the Jeep Jamboree (200 vehicles), the Toyota Land Cruiser Association's Rubithon (approximately 150-200 vehicles), and the Marlin Crawler Round-Up (approximately 150-200 vehicles).
After Rubicon Springs is Cadillac Hill. Cadillac Hill is a series of switchbacks up to Observation Point, starting with a rutted out section with many exposed tree roots. After turning a hairpin the trail becomes very off camber and contains a series of boulders to maneuver around or over. After that is a steep stair step obstacle to climb. At the top of the hill is Observation Point, a good place to see where you have just driven and to take a short break before the long dirt road to Lake Tahoe. There are a few small sections of rocks after this but nothing that poses a significant obstacle.
Rubicon Land Use Issues.
In 2001, the Lahontan Water Board contemplated filing an order to force closure of the east end of the trail near the Tahoe Basin. In order to prevent this closure, FOTR (Friends of the Rubicon), a grass roots user driven organization was formed, and the group built more than thirty erosion control devices on the trail in order to prevent erosion and siltation of the watershed. The Lahontan Water Board dropped their effort, and FOTR was successful in keeping the trail open and have conducted many work projects on the trail each year since then.
The initial organized effort to close the trail involved embroiling El Dorado County in an effort to manage the trail. This effort resulted in the Rubicon Trail Master Plan, which the county rejected because it was projected to be too costly. Most of the costs involved were for monitoring, not for fixing problems on the trail.
When the Master Plan effort failed, multiple complaints were filed with the Central Valley Regional Water Quality Board. The complaints were that the trail was causing erosion and siltation of the watershed, sanitation issues were not being addressed, and that OHV's were spilling oil on the trail. These complaints resulted in a Draft Cleanup and Abatement Order that would have closed the trail had it been implemented as written. During the hearing, before issuing a final order, testimony was heard from El Dorado County, the Eldorado National Forest, and the Rubicon Trail Foundation. The result of that hearing was a more manageable order requiring El Dorado County and the Eldorado National Forest to repair the trail, build bridges, obtain an accurate user count, conduct education and planning efforts, report regularly to the board, and provide more law enforcement on the trail. The Cleanup and Abatement Order is still in effect, and the agencies are up to date with the completion timelines required by the order.
The Rubicon Trail Foundation, Friends of the Rubicon, El Dorado County, and the Eldorado National Forest continue their efforts to keep this "crown jewel" of OHV routes open.
Usage.
Part of the trail is used as a testing ground by Jeep. The Rubicon variant of the Jeep Wrangler is named after this trail.
Many large events take place on the trail, ranging from Jeep-only events (Jeep Jamboree) and 4x4 enthusiast events (Jeepers Jamboree, TLCA's Rubithon, Marlin Crawler Round-Up) to family trips to special events organized just for SUVs and stock 4x4s that could not otherwise complete the trail.

</doc>
<doc id="2849665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849665" title="Phantasia">
Phantasia

Phantasia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849666" title="List of Santa Clara University people">
List of Santa Clara University people

This article is a list of notable encyclopedic persons, students, alumni, faculty, and academic affiliates associated with Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California United States.
Notable Santa Clara Athletes.
American football.
Santa Clara University has had a number of notable American football players. The following list includes former Santa Clara University football players that have become professional American football players. On February 2, 1993 the University announced the discontinuation of American Football at the University.

</doc>
<doc id="2849668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849668" title="Pepper Hamilton">
Pepper Hamilton

Pepper Hamilton LLP is a U.S.based law firm with 13 offices and around 500 attorneys. The firm is ranked among the 100 largest firms by revenue in the United States. The firm’s largest practices include defense of pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers in product liability litigation and related matters, corporate transactions and commercial litigation.
History.
The firm was founded in 1890 in Philadelphia by George Wharton Pepper, who joined the practice of Bayard Henry. Pepper emerged as a leading lawyer in Philadelphia and the nation, and was prominent in Republican politics. In 1954, the Pepper firm and another Philadelphia law firm — Evans, Bayard & Frick — merged as Pepper, Bodine, Frick, Scheetz & Hamilton creating a 35-lawyer entity. Shortly after the merger of the Pepper and Evans firms, George Wharton Pepper retired from practice because of failing health. In 1955, he was succeeded as chairman of the firm by John D.M. Hamilton, who was chairman of the Republican National Committee in 1940. In 1960, another merger brought in the firm of Moffett, Frye & Leopold. The firm grew significantly in the 1980s, 1990s and in recent years. In 2007, the partnership elected Nina M. Gussack as chairwoman of Pepper’s Executive Committee, the first woman to be elected to that position. Pepper partner A. Michael Pratt became the Philadelphia Bar Association’s 81st Chancellor in 2008. He is the third person of color to serve in that office since the Association’s founding in 1802.
Controversies.
In 2004–2005, Pepper was hit with lawsuits first in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court and then the District Court in Delaware. The first lawsuit alleged that "Pepper Hamilton's simultaneous representation of SFC and its affiliates, as well as its insurer, Royal Indemnity, and the Gagne family members as investors, created a situation in which the law firm had 'unavoidable and inevitable divided loyalties.'"
Thus the complaint alleged that Pepper "foreseeably contributed to the financial demise of SFC" and caused "hundreds of millions of dollars of harm."
In the second lawsuit, Royal Indemnity made malpractice claims against Pepper Hamilton and Gagne, as well as two accounting firms, Freed Maxick & Battaglia and McGladrey & Pullen, alleging that the lawyers and accountants garnered millions in fees from SFC and were effective "SFC insiders" who "had every incentive to ensure the success of SFC's fraud."
Pepper settled the lawsuits in late 2007.
In 2012, Google Inc. claimed Pepper Hamilton failed to notify them when they were representing a patent licensing business that sued Google's Android partners.
Organization.
, the firm's CEO is Scott Green.
Practice groups.
The firm's health care industry practice group is led out of the Los Angeles office by Mark A. Kadzielski.

</doc>
<doc id="2849673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849673" title="Bed of nails">
Bed of nails

A bed of nails is an oblong piece of wood, the size of a bed, with nails pointing upwards out of it. It appears to the spectator that anyone lying on this "bed" would be injured by the nails, but this is not so. Assuming the nails are numerous enough, the weight is distributed between them such that the pressure exerted by each nail is not enough to break the person's skin.
Uses.
One use of such a device is for magic tricks or physics demonstrations. A famous example requires a volunteer to lie on a bed of several thousand nails, with a board on top of him. Cinder blocks are placed on the board and then smashed with a sledgehammer. Despite the seemingly unavoidable force, the volunteer is not harmed: the force from the blow is spread among the thousands of nails, resulting in reduced pressure; the breaking of the blocks also dissipates much of the energy from the hammer. This demonstration of the principles of weight distribution requires that the weight of the volunteer be spread over as many nails as possible. The most dangerous part is the moment of lying down or getting up, when one's weight may briefly be supported on only a few nails. Some "beds" have rails mounted at the sides to help users lie down and get up safely.
The bed of nails is used by some for meditation, particularly in Asia.
Less traditional settings, such as science centers, may use an electronic retractable bed of nails, where the user lies on a flat plastic bed with holes in it, and can then activate the machine to have nails rise up all at once. The nails should retract before getting off the bed. This retraction eliminates the most dangerous part of a traditional bed of nails, getting on and off the bed.

</doc>
<doc id="2849675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849675" title="Japanese management culture">
Japanese management culture

The culture of Japanese management that is often portrayed in Western media is generally limited to Japan's large corporations. These flagships of the Japanese economy provide their workers with excellent salaries, secure employment, and working conditions. These companies and their employees are the business elite of Japan. Though not as much for the new generation, a career with such a company is the dream of many young people in Japan, but only a select few attain these jobs. Qualification for corporate employment is limited to the few who graduate from the top thirty colleges and universities in Japan.
Managerial style.
The Japanese term "hourensou" (also rendered as “Ho-Ren-So”) refers to frequent reporting, touching base and discussing -- important attributes that are said to characterize collaboration and information flow within effective Japanese corporate culture. "Genchi genbutsu" refers to "getting your hands dirty", to identify or solve immediate problems and leaders are not exempt from this. Aspects of these principles are often mistaken by western managers "micromanagement." In contrast, these principles are used as tools to shepherd processes.
Mohammed Ala and William Cordeiro (1999) described the Japanese decision-making process of “ringiseido.” “Ringiseido” provides the opportunity for equal ranking managers or employees of a group within a company to partake in an individual’s idea. The process adheres to the Japanese cultural desire of harmony among people. The physical action of “ringiseido” is referred to as the “ringi decision-making process.” It fosters an environment of support and agreement for a decision once a higher ranking manager has reviewed and accepted the recommended decision.
The term of “ringi” has two meanings. The first meaning being of “rin," ‘submitting a proposal to one’s supervisors and receiving their approval,’ and "gi" meaning ‘deliberations and decisions.’ Corporate policy is not clearly defined by the executive leadership of a Japanese company. Rather, the managers at all levels below executives must raise decisions to the next level except for routine decisions. The process of “ringi decision-making” is conducted through a document called a “ringisho.” The “ringisho” is created and circulated by the individual who created the idea. As the “ringisho” reaches a peer for review, the peer places his or her “personal seal (hanko) right side up” to agree, “upside down” to disagree, and sideways to indicate being undecided. Once all peers have reviewed the “ringisho” the peers’ manager reviews the “ringisho” and places his or her hanko on it. The upper level manager’s decision is final and the “ringisho” is sent back to the originator who either initiates the idea or re-evaluates, based on the “hanko” of the upper level manager.
Tony Kippenberger (2002) elaborates on the leadership values that are deeply rooted in the Japanese business culture. These values were created by Konosuke Matsushita, the prominent deceased entrepreneur of Matsushita’s Electric Company, who cared deeply for the employees of his company as if they were family. Matsushita firmly believed that a business as large as his was responsible to help all of society prosper, and not simply for those that owned and ran the company to prosper. In 1933 Matsushita, during the great depression, created seven “guiding principles":
The “guiding principles” were “remarkable for their time.” The seven principles are used by Matsushita’s company today and serve as principles for other Japanese companies. Because the “guiding principles” are such powerful statements and an extension of the Japanese cultural into business, the principles have been renamed the “Seven Spirits of Matsushita" to honor Matsushita.
Smaller companies.
In smaller companies, an entirely different corporate culture developed. Similar to the "Meister" system of Germany, new recruits are placed under skilled senior specialists and spend years learning every technique that they have. They are trained to develop deeper understanding of specific areas of skills instead of the broader and less deep training that those in a larger corporation receive. They learn to produce work of higher quality using few simple tools and few or no advanced industrial tools.
Japanese women in management.
As the modern cultures of the world continue to advance, cultural concepts either lose presence or evolve with the modern concepts. Japan is experiencing such an evolution in regard to women in the workplace and in management roles. While a main reason for this evolution is the adoption of western influence on Japanese society, Japan is being forced to support this evolution because it is grappling with a declining population and lower birth rate which will lead to a smaller workforce. 
According to “Cloud, or Silver Linings?” published in the "Economist" (2007), it was reported that in 2006 Japan’s birth rate was 1.32 and has been below 2.1 since the 1970s. A birthrate of 2.1 is necessary to successfully maintain current population numbers. The article described that the OECD has proven there is a “positive correlation between fertility and female employment.” Thus, if an effort is made to support females work ambitions and family desires, then women will be more willing and likely to want to have children and families and not have to sacrifice their career in the process. Japanese officials are not taking this information lightly. During his last year in office, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi (2002-2007) began legislation to foster “financial support for families with young children and an expansion of child-care facilities (p.27).

</doc>
<doc id="2849678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849678" title="Ajië language">
Ajië language

Ajië (also known as "Houailou (Wailu)", "Wai", and "A’jie") is an Oceanic language spoken in New Caledonia. It has approximately 4,000 speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="2849684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849684" title="Wawota">
Wawota

Wawota is a community of 591 people, located along Highway 48 in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada. Established in 1905, its name is from Dakota "wa ota", which means "lots of snow". Wa means 'snow', oda or ota means 'lots'. It is sometimes mistakenly said to mean 'deep snow'.
History.
The town's motto, "Progress Through Perseverance", is fitting, as Wawota has made a concerted effort in the last few decades to remain a vibrant community for people of all ages, despite the ongoing challenges faced by nearly all rural towns in the province. The loss of the local railway, the so-called Peanut Line, in August, 1961 is often cited as a galvanizing moment for the community, and the dawn of the town's progressive spirit.
Regionally, Wawota is perhaps best known for its long history of successful sports teams, most notably in hockey and baseball, as well as its unusual collection of fire hydrants, painted to resemble various people and cartoon characters. Wawota is also noteworthy as the 'twin capital', due to the large number of twin births recorded in the community, particularly throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Famous residents.
NHL player Brooks Laich of the Washington Capitals.

</doc>
<doc id="2849687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849687" title="List of Chilean Jews">
List of Chilean Jews

Chilean Jews are Chileans residing in the Republic of Chile who are of either Jewish ancestry or observe the Jewish faith. 
In the 2012 Chilean census, 16,294 Chilean residents listed their religion as Judaism, an increase of 8.8% since 2002. The actual Jewish community in Chile is estimated to be slightly larger. Chilean Jews live in the country, the majority live in Santiago and are predominantly found in higher-paying professions and all walks of public life. The Chilean Jewish population decreased in the political turmoil of the 1970s and 1980s, but their identity as Jews in Chile remains. Here is a list of some prominent Chilean Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="2849690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849690" title="Saint-Sozy">
Saint-Sozy

Saint-Sozy () is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
The town is known for its production of foie gras (Clos Saint Sozy), nuts, and tobacco.
Its stadium is named after René Lespinasse, former manager of the local football club "Les Coucous de Saint-Sozy".

</doc>
<doc id="2849691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849691" title="Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad">
Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad

The Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad received its charter on January 28, 1852, from the state of Tennessee. The line of gauge connected with the Memphis and Ohio Railroad and the Louisville and Nashville Railroad (L&N) connects between Memphis and Louisville.
The railroad had a major strike in 1868 and closed for several days. After the strike, the L&N took control of the Memphis, Clarksville and Louisville Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="2849697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849697" title="Laura Sinclair">
Laura Sinclair

Laura Sinclair was a fictional character from the short lived Fox TV soap opera "Pacific Palisades". She was played by Australian actress Kimberley Davies.
An alluring woman who sold real estate, Laura would do anything to close a deal, including using her appeal to seduce the buyer, which is exactly what she does in the pilot when she strips down to her navy blue bra and panties and offers herself to entice her buyer. Later in the pilot, after new resident Nick Hadley (Jarrod Emick) has caught her eye moving in next door to her, she tries to entice him away from his red haired wife Joanne (Michelle Stafford) by giving him a striptease, stripping away her red dress down to her black bra and panties.
Not too long after that, after her beauty actually fails her for once in selling a house, she takes off all her clothes (which was only a red dress) and gets into a hot tub to get her mind off her frustration, but when she gets out later, she is caught by her boss. In order to win his sympathy, she drops her towel and lets him gaze at her wet, naked body, which gets her out of the jam.
Laura's conflict with her clever mother, an appealing woman in related business, came up in later episodes. However, the two concluded the series happily by forming a truce and meeting a father and son who became their romantic interests.

</doc>
<doc id="2849706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849706" title="Barbara Washburn">
Barbara Washburn

Barbara Washburn is an American mountaineer. The widow of mountaineer and scientist Bradford Washburn, she became the first woman to climb Mt. McKinley on June 6, 1947.
Biography.
Born in the Boston area, Washburn met her husband while taking courses at Harvard University. The Washburns often worked in tandem in areas of mountaineering, exploring, mapping, and museum administration. She did not realize that she had been the first woman to climb McKinley until after their ascent, which occurred shortly after their wedding. From that time on, she typically accompanied her husband on his expeditions, and contributed to his work at the Boston Museum of Science.
With her husband, she completed a large-scale map of the Grand Canyon, published as a National Geographic magazine supplement in July 1978. For that achievement and others, the Washburns received in 1980 the Alexander Graham Bell Medal from the National Geographic Society. 
In 1981, the Washburns produced the most detailed and accurate map ever made of Mount Everest.

</doc>
<doc id="2849711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849711" title="Saint-Cirq-Lapopie">
Saint-Cirq-Lapopie

Saint-Cirq-Lapopie is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France. It is a member of the Les Plus Beaux Villages de France ("The most beautiful villages of France") association .
Its position, originally selected for defense, perched on a steep cliff 100 m above the river has helped make the town one of the most popular tourist destinations in the department, and the entire town is almost a museum. After it was "discovered" by the Post-Impressionist Henri Martin, it became popular with other artists and the home of the writer André Breton.
Location.
Saint-Cirq-Lapopie is located 30 km east of Cahors, within the regional natural park "Parc naturel régional des Causses du Quercy". The village overlooks the Lot River.
History.
The stronghold of Saint-Cirq-Lapopie was the main seat of one of the four viscounties that made up Quercy, divided among four feudal dynasties, the Lapopie, Gourdon, Cardaillac and Castelnau families.
Way of St. James.
Saint-Cirq-Lapopie is situated along the French pilgrimage route, Way of St. James. Coming from Cabrerets pilgrims would pass through, and then continue to Cahors, visiting St. Stephen's cathedral.
Popularity.
"The Guardian" reported in July 2012 that the village received 400,000 visitors each year, mostly from within France, and that it had become "besieged by tourists" since winning a popularity vote on a French public television program in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2849737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849737" title="Dedan">
Dedan

The word Dedan means "low ground". The people are called Dedanim or Dedanites.
In the Bible, it can refer to either:
Dedan, in the latter meaning, is first mentioned in the Book of Ezekiel, (Chapters 27 and 38). Chapter 27 is a roster of the trading partners of the city of Tyre (today in modern Lebanon), where Dedan is noted as a nation or kingdom which traded in saddle blankets (Ezekiel 27:20).
The oasis kingdom is also mentioned in the prophetic vision of the war of Gog and Magog (Ezekiel 38; see also, Revelation 20:8), and appears to be a nation of significance in this end-times prophecy of Ezekiel.
In Ezekiel 38:13, Dedan is joined with Sheba, and "Tarshish and all her strong lions", all these nations joining together to inquire of the advancing armies of Gog: "Have you come to plunder? Have you gathered your hordes to loot, to carry off silver and gold, to take away livestock and goods and to seize much plunder?"
Now known as Al Ula in northern Saudi Arabia, known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Hijra, Hegra or Egra, the former is about the same distance, about 250 miles north from Medina as Medina is north of Mecca. The location where the extinct tribe of Thamud used to dwell.
In the ruins of the old city there are inscriptions that indicate the Dedanites were preceded by a Minean settlement. The Mineans established a center at this desert oasis in order to protect the incense trade.
See also.
Dedan
The name Dedan is assigned to two different men in the Bible. The first Dedan is a son of Raamah, son of Cush, son of Ham, son of Noah (Genesis 10:7). The second Dedan is a son of Jokshan . This Dedan is the ancestor of the Asshurim, the Letushim and the Leummim (Genesis 25:3).
The name Dedan comes possibly from the Hebrew noun (dd), meaning breast or nipple, or the Hebrew verb (dada), meaning move slowly, lead slowly (Psalm 42:5, Isaiah 38:15). 
It may even have to do with (dwd) the root for beloved (aunt, uncle, even the name David).
Jones' Dictionary of Old Testament Proper Names goes with (dada) and reads Leading Forward, i.e. great increase of family. The NOBS Study Bible Name List reads Low, for no discernible reason. BDB Theological Dictionary does not translate.
Also see the names Dedanim and Dodanim

</doc>
<doc id="2849741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849741" title="List of National Basketball Association seasons">
List of National Basketball Association seasons

The National Basketball Association (NBA) is major professional basketball league in North America. The league was founded in 1946 as the Basketball Association of America (BAA). The league adopted its current name at the start of when it merged with the National Basketball League (NBL). The league currently consists of thirty teams, of which twenty-nine are located in the United States and one in Canada. Each team plays 82 games in the regular season. Eight teams from each of the league's two conferences qualify for the playoffs. The winners of the Conference Finals advance to the finals to determine the NBA champions.
The Boston Celtics have had or tied for the best regular season record for a record 18 times. They won the Eastern Conference (known as the Eastern Division until 1970) for a record 21 times, while the Los Angeles Lakers won the Western Conference (known as the Western Division until 1970) for a record 31 times. The Celtics won 17 NBA championships, the most in NBA history. The Lakers followed them with 16 titles from their 31 Finals appearances. The Celtics and the Lakers had played each other in the Finals for a record 12 times. The Celtics won 9 of their matchups while the Lakers have only won 3.
The best single regular season record was recorded by the Chicago Bulls in the . In that season, the Bulls recorded 72 wins and 10 losses with a winning percentage of .878. The Bulls then went on to win the Eastern Conference and the NBA championship. The Bulls are the only team to win at least 70 games in a single season. In that season, the Bulls achieved several awards and honors: Michael Jordan won the scoring title, the regular season Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award, the All-Star Game MVP Award and the Finals MVP Award; Dennis Rodman won the rebounding title; Toni Kukoč won the Sixth Man of the Year Award; Jordan and Scottie Pippen were named in the All-NBA First Team; Jordan, Pippen and Rodman were named in the All-Defensive First Team; and coach Phil Jackson won the Coach of the Year Award.
The Eastern champions have won 35 championships while the Western champions have won 28 championships. The defunct Central Division won one championship in 1950. Of the 65 championships, 31 of them were won by the teams who had or tied for the best regular season record. In 9 other occurrences, the teams who had or tied for the best regular season record, lost the Finals. Six teams that had the best regular season record and won the championships in the same season, were named to the list of Top 10 Teams in NBA History announced at the league's 50th anniversary in 1996. The Celtics, the Bulls, the Lakers and the Philadelphia 76ers each had two teams selected, while the Detroit Pistons and the New York Knicks each had one team selected.

</doc>
<doc id="2849750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849750" title="Adalbert of Prussia (disambiguation)">
Adalbert of Prussia (disambiguation)

Prince Adalbert of Prussia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849761" title="List of Argentine Jews">
List of Argentine Jews

The history of the Jews in Latin America began with seven sailors arriving in Christopher Columbus's crew. Since then, the Jewish population of Latin America has risen to more than 500,000 — most of whom live in Argentina, with large communities also present in Brazil and Mexico. The following is a list of some prominent Argentine Jews:

</doc>
<doc id="2849765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849765" title="The Overcoat">
The Overcoat

"The Overcoat" (, translit. Shinel; sometimes translated as "The Cloak") is a short story by Ukrainian-born Russian author Nikolai Gogol, published in 1842. The story and its author have had great influence on Russian literature, as expressed in a quote attributed to Fyodor Dostoevsky: "We all come out from Gogol's 'Overcoat'." The story has been adapted into a variety of stage and film interpretations.
Summary.
The story centers on the life and death of Akaky Akakievich Bashmachkin (Акакий Акакиевич Башмачкин), an impoverished government clerk and copyist in the Russian capital of St. Petersburg. Akaky is dedicated to his job as a titular councillor, taking special relish in the hand-copying of documents, though little recognized in his department for his hard work. Instead, the younger clerks tease him and attempt to distract him whenever they can. His threadbare overcoat is often the butt of their jokes. Akaky decides it is necessary to have the coat repaired, so he takes it to his tailor, Petrovich, who declares the coat irreparable, telling Akaky he must buy a new overcoat.
The cost of a new overcoat is beyond Akaky's meager salary, so he forces himself to live within a strict budget to save sufficient money to buy the new overcoat. Meanwhile, he and Petrovich frequently meet to discuss the style of the new coat. During that time, Akaky's zeal for copying is replaced with excitement about his new overcoat, to the point that he thinks of little else. Finally, with the addition of an unexpectedly large holiday salary bonus, Akaky has saved enough money to buy a new overcoat.
Akaky and Petrovich go to the shops in St. Petersburg and pick the finest materials they can afford (marten fur is unaffordable, but they buy the best cat fur available for the collar). The new coat is of impressively good quality and appearance and is the talk of Akaky's office on the day he arrives wearing it. His clerk superior decides to host a party honoring the new overcoat, at which the habitually solitary Akaky is out of place; after the event, Akaky goes home from the party, far later than he normally would. En route home, two ruffians confront him, take his coat, kick him down, and leave him in the snow.
Akaky finds no help from the authorities in recovering his lost overcoat. Finally, on the advice of another clerk in his department, he asks for help from a "Very Important Person" (sometimes translated "the prominent person", the "person of consequence"), a high-ranking general. The narrator notes that the general habitually belittles and shouts at subordinates to make himself appear more important than he truly is. After keeping Akaky waiting an unnecessarily long time, the general demands of him exactly why he has brought so trivial a matter to him, personally, and not presented it to his secretary (the procedure for separating the VIP from the lesser clerks).
Socially inept, Akaky makes an unflattering remark concerning departmental secretaries, provoking so powerful a scolding from the general that he nearly faints and must be led from the general's office. Soon afterward, Akaky falls deathly ill with fever. In his last hours, he is delirious, imagining himself again sitting before the VIP, who is again scolding him. At first, Akaky pleads forgiveness, but as his death nears, he curses the general.
Soon, Akaky's ghost (Gogol uses "corpse" to describe the ghost of Akaky) is reportedly haunting areas of St. Petersburg, taking overcoats from people; the police are finding it difficult to capture him. Finally, Akaky's ghost catches up with the VIP — who, since Akaky's death, had begun to feel guilt over having mistreated him — and takes his overcoat, frightening him terribly; satisfied, Akaky is not seen again. The narrator ends his narration with the account of another ghost seen in another part of the city.
Characters.
Akakiy Akakievitch Bashmatchkin: Bureaucrat in one of the departments of the Russian government in St. Petersburg, the nation's capital city. Bashmatchkin, about fifty, is a quiet, self-effacing man with red hair and a receding hairline. His job is to copy documents such as letters. Although he enjoys his work and never makes a mistake, he has no desire to take on more challenging work, realizing that he has limited capabilities. Because he is meek and dresses shabbily, most of his coworkers regard him as a nobody and frequently pick on him. When his cloak becomes so frayed that it can no longer protect him against the bitter cold, he dedicates himself to saving enough money to purchase a new cloak. 
Petrovitch: One-eyed, heavy-drinking tailor whom Bashmatchkin hires to make his new cloak. Petrovitch was once a serf. 
Wife of Petrovitch: Woman of plain looks whom the narrator says Petrovitch calls "a low female and a German" when they argue. 
Bearded Assailants: Men who rob Akakiy of his new cloak. 
Landlady of Bashmatchin: Elderly woman who advises Akakiy to report the theft of his cloak to the district police chief. 
District Police Chief: Official who hears Akakiy's report about his stolen cloak. The policeman asks Akakiy embarrassing questions, as if he were a criminal. The policeman is of no help. 
Employee With Advice: Coworker of Akakiy who advises him to see a certain prominent personage in a government office who will help Akakiy track down his stolen cloak. 
Prominent Personage: Bureaucrat mainly concerned with demonstrating the power he wields as a supervisor. He excoriates Akakiy for not going through the proper government channels to get an interview. He is of no help. 
Physician: Doctor called after Akakiy develops a throat infection. He tells Akakiy's landlady to order a coffin. 
Interpretations.
Gogol makes much of Akaky's name in the opening passages, saying, "Perhaps it may strike the reader as a rather strange and farfetched name, but I can assure him that it was not farfetched at all, that the circumstances were such that it was quite out of the question to give him any other name..." The name Akaky Akakievich is similar to "John Johnson" and has similar comedic value; it also communicates Akaky's role as an everyman. Moreover, the name sounds strikingly similar to the word "obkakat'" in Russian, which means "to smear with excrement," or "kaka", which means "poop", thereby rendering his name "Poop Poopson". In addition to the scatological pun, the literal meaning of the name, derived from the Greek, is "harmless" or "lacking evil", showing the humiliation it must have taken to drive his ghost to violence. His surname Bashmachkin, meanwhile, comes from the word 'bashmak', a type of shoe. It is used in an expression "быть под башмаком" which means to be "under someone's thumb" or to "be henpecked".
Akaky progresses from an introverted and hopeless but functioning non-entity with no expectations of social or material success to one whose self-esteem and thereby expectations are raised by the overcoat. Akaky is not merely introverted, but described as humorously fit for his position as a non-entity. He is not oppressed by the nature of bureaucratic work because he is petty bureaucracy himself. Akaky “labored with love” and longed for nothing but copying. He found it “a varied and agreeable employment. Enjoyment was written on his face.” A good contrast with Akaky would be Herman Melville’s Bartleby from the short story “Bartleby the Scrivener.” Bartleby is quite adept at his job as a copyist, but arrives “incurably forlorn” when he is first employed. Bartleby begins rejecting his work saying “I would prefer not to,” gradually rejecting more and more, until he finally dies staring at a wall having rejected life itself. Bartleby’s antisocial, otherworldly and melancholy features make him uncanny and he has been interpreted as a provocateur of existential crisis. Akaky, on the other hand, is presented in a humorous way initially. This is partly because he represents a “type” presented in anecdotal form by Gogol. He enjoys copying because he lacks an inner life. Gogol makes light of his fitness for mundane bureaucratic activities by joking that Akaky was always “to be seen in the same place, the same attitude, the same occupation; so that it was afterwards affirmed that he had been born in undress uniform with a bald head.” When Akaky is asked to make a minor change in a document instead of merely copying it he cannot do it. 
Critics have noted the famous “humane passage” which demonstrates a sudden shift in the narration’s style from comic to tragic. Though Akaky is not oppressed by his task, he is by his coworkers who treat him “in a coolly despotic way” and “laughed at and made fun of him” to which Akaky usually “answered not a word” until finally he is provoked to exclaim “Leave me alone! Why do you insult me?” in a way “which moved to pity” so that a new worker suddenly “stopped short” as if he had “undergone a transformation” This young man never forgot Akaky and his “heart-rending words” which carried the unspoken message “I am thy brother.” Remembering Akaky he “shuddered at how much inhumanity there is in man.” The narrator’s portrayal of Akaky jars the reader, like the young man himself, from carefree mockery to graven sympathy. Gogol is noted for his instability of style, tone, genre among other literary devices, as Boris Eichenbaum notes. Eichenbaum also notes that Gogol wrote “The Overcoat” Gogol in a skaz—a difficult to translate colloquial language in Russian deriving associated with an oral storytelling tradition. 
Co-workers start noticing him and complimenting him on his coat and he ventures out into the social world. His hopes are quickly dashed by the theft of the coat. He attempts to enlist the police in recovery of the coat and employs some inept rank jumping by going to a very important and high ranking individual but his lack of status (perhaps lack of the coat) is obvious and he is treated with disdain. He is plunged into illness (fever) and cannot function. He dies quickly and without putting up much of a fight. "The Overcoat" is a philosophical tale in the tradition of a stoic philosopher or Schopenhauer.
Akaky’s overcoat allows him to become human instead of a merely bureaucratic tool. An anti-Marxist reading of the text would interpret Akaky’s material desire as granting him humanity. The story does not condemn private acquisition and materialism, but asserts that human beings can have fulfillment from attention to material goods. Material goods, in particular clothing, do not merely mask real human character, but can modify a person’s identity in a positive and liberating way. Akaky’s social alienation and belittlement give way to community inclusion and genuine respect. People are brought together by material goods. 
It is also possible to read the text from a psychoanalytic perspective.Akaky’s libido is repressed and sublimated into the task of copying. After he acquires the coat, he expresses sexual interest. Akaky “even started to run, without knowing why, after some lady.” He also “halted out of curiosity before a shop window to look at a picture representing a handsome woman…baring her whole foot in a very pretty way.” He laughs and doesn’t know why because he experiences previously unknown feelings. Akaky also treats the coat with the tenderness and obsession of a lover. When the construction of the coat is first commissioned Akaky feels that his existence became “fuller, as if he were married.”
Akaky's low position in the bureaucratic hierarchy is evident, and the extent to which he looks up the hierarchical ladder is well documented; sometimes forgotten, according to Harold McFarlin, is that he is not the lowest-ranked in the hierarchy and thus in society. He has mastered the bureaucratic language ("bureaucratese") and has internalized it to the extent that he describes and treats the non-civil servants ("only two 'civilians,' the landlady and tailor, play more than incidental roles") as if they are part of the same world—the tailor is described as sitting "like a Turkish Pasha", that is, a government official, and Akaky "treats the self-effacing old landlady just like his bosses treat him at the office ('somehow coldly and despotically')".
Critical assessment.
Vladimir Nabokov, writing in his "Lectures on Russian Literature", gave the following appraisal of Gogol and his most famous story: "Steady Pushkin, matter-of-fact Tolstoy, restrained Chekhov have all had their moments of irrational insight which simultaneously blurred the sentence and disclosed a secret meaning worth the sudden focal shift. But with Gogol this shifting is the very basis of his art, so that whenever he tried to write in the round hand of literary tradition and to treat rational ideas in a logical way, he lost all trace of talent. When, as in the immortal "The Overcoat", he really let himself go and pottered on the brink of his private abyss, he became the greatest artist that Russia has yet produced."
Adaptations.
Films.
A number of films have used the story, both in the Soviet Union and in other countries:
One film is currently in the process of being made: animation director Yuriy Norshteyn has been slowly and laboriously working on a (presumably) full-length animated film version of 'The Overcoat' since 1981. A couple of short, low-resolution clips from the project have been made available:.
Ballet.
The Russian composer German Okunev was working on a ballet version of 'The Overcoat' at the time of his death in 1973: it was completed and orchestrated by V. Sapozhnikov.
A recent adaptation by Morris Panych and Wendy Gorling, set to various music by Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich, was performed by actors using dance and mime. A film version was produced by the CBC.
The Danish choreographer Flemming Flindt created a version for Dennis Nahat and the Clevelend-San Jose Ballet. The principal role was performed by Rudolph Nureyev at the world premiere at the Edinburgh Festival in the summer of 1990.
Play.
Marcel Marceau adapted "The Overcoat" as a Mime Play in 1951. He revived his play in 1954 and 1959. His last version of "The Overcoat" toured the United States in 1960.
THE OVERCOAT, adapted by Tom Lanter and Frank S. Torok premiered at the Yale Repertory Theater on May 5, 1973. It was subsequently published by Samuel French, Inc. in 1975.
An adaptation by Howard Colyer was produced at the Brockley Jack Studio Theatre in 2011.
The Jerusalem Khan Theatre produced an adaption of "The Overcoat" in Hebrew, in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2849772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849772" title="Randy Hundley">
Randy Hundley

Cecil Randolph "Randy" Hundley Jr. (born June 1, 1942 in Martinsville, Virginia) is a former American professional baseball player and coach. He played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the San Francisco Giants (1964-1965), Chicago Cubs (1966-1973, 1976-1977), Minnesota Twins (1974), and the San Diego Padres (1975). Hundley played the majority of his career with the Cubs and was considered their leader in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Despite being a light-hitter, Hundley was regarded as one of the best defensive catchers of his era, and the best Cubs catcher since Gabby Hartnett in 1940.
Baseball career.
Hundley was signed by the San Francisco Giants as an amateur free agent in 1960 for the sum of $140,000. While playing for the Double-A El Paso Sun Kings in 1963, he posted a .325 batting average with 23 home runs and 81 runs batted in. Hundley made his major league debut with the Giants on September 27 1964. He returned to the minor leagues in 1965, playing for the Tacoma Giants of the Pacific Coast League although, he was called back to the major leagues briefly in June when regular Giants catcher Tom Haller was injured. In December 1965, he was traded to the Chicago Cubs along with future 20-game winner Bill Hands in exchange for Lindy McDaniel and Don Landrum, as part of first-year manager Leo Durocher's rebuilding effort.
Durocher installed the 24-year-old Hundley as the Cubs' starting catcher and he went on to play in 149 games in 1966, breaking Mickey Cochrane's 41-year-old major league record for most games played by a rookie catcher. He also hit for the cycle on August 11, 1966, in a 9-8, 11 inning victory against the Houston Astros and set a major league record for most home runs by a rookie catcher with 19. Hundley led National League catchers in assists and finished the season ranked fourth in the 1966 National League Rookie of the Year voting.
Hundley continued to shoulder a heavy workload in 1967, playing in 152 games and committing just four errors to set a National League record for fewest errors by a catcher in a season. He led National League catchers in putouts and won the 1967 National League Gold Glove Award for catchers as the Cubs improved from a last place finish in 1966 to finish in third place. Hundley was the first catcher to begin using a new hinged catcher's mitt that permitted a one-handed catching style, protecting his throwing hand. He became a stalwart for the Cubs, setting a record in 1968 with 160 games behind the plate (147 complete) as the Cubs again finished the season in third place. 
The Cubs began the 1969 season by winning 11 of their first 12 games and held first place from the first day of the season. By late June, Hundley's batting average was above .300 along with 11 home runs earning him a spot as a reserve for the National League team in the 1969 All-Star Game. The entire Chicago Cubs infield joined Hundley on the National League team with third baseman Ron Santo and shortstop Don Kessinger making the team as starting players. 
By August 16, the Cubs were nine games ahead of the second place New York Mets and appeared to be on their way to winning the National League Eastern Division title. However, as the season entered its final month, the Cubs would suffer an eight-game losing streak while the Mets countered with a ten-game winning streak. After 155 days in first place, the Cubs dropped to second place as the Mets went on to clinch the division title and eventually won the world championship. Hundley ended the year with a .255 batting average with 18 home runs and 64 runs batted in. He led National League catchers in assists and in games played becoming the first player to catch 150 games for three consecutive years (1967–1969). In his book, "The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract", baseball historian Bill James cited manager Durocher's method of using his regular players everyday without any rest days as a factor in the Cubs' 1969 collapse.
Hundley's heavy workload began to take its toll on his body. He missed the first four games of the 1970 season when he suffered a chip fracture in his left thumb during a tag play at home plate. Worse was to come on April 21, 1970 when he suffered a severely sprained left knee during a collision at home plate with the Cardinals' Carl Taylor. The injury forced him to miss three months of the season and he ended the year having appeared in only 73 games.
Hundley once again missed the opening day game of the 1971 season with an ailing knee. He made his first appearance of the season as a pinch hitter in the ninth inning of a game on April 12, 1971 and collapsed after hitting a fly ball to center field. Hundley returned to play on May 11 but, after only eight games, he had to undergo knee surgery and missed the rest of the season.
Hundley returned to play in 114 games for the Cubs in 1972 and led National League catchers with a .995 fielding percentage. However, his damaged knee forced him to favor one side which caused his throws to be off mark. His heavy workload had exacted a price and he was never the same player after his knee injuries. After being traded by the Cubs, he played for the Twins, Padres, and then returned to play for the Cubs in 1976. In 1977, new Cubs manager Herman Franks named Hundley as his bullpen coach. He was activated late in the season and appeared in two games before retiring at the age of 35.
Career statistics.
In a 14-year career, Hundley played in 1,061 games, accumulating 813 hits in 3,442 at bats for a .236 career batting average along with 82 home runs, 381 runs batted in and a .292 on-base percentage. He ended his career with a .990 fielding percentage. 
While Hundley was a light hitter, he was valued for his defensive skills and for the way he handled the pitching staff. Cubs' relief pitcher Phil Regan said of Hundley in 1972, "He's not only our catcher, he's our leader." He was one of the few catchers to steal home, doing so on May 19, 1966 against Gary Kroll of the Houston Astros after tripling off Turk Farrell. Hundley caught two no-hitters in 1972; Burt Hooton on April 16 and Milt Pappas on September 2. He is one of a handful of men to catch two no-hitters in one season.
Post retirement.
Hundley managed in the Cubs minor league system from 1979 to 1981, leading the Midland Cubs to first place in the Western Division of the Texas League in 1979.
After leaving the playing field, Hundley originated the idea of baseball fantasy camps, and since the early 1980s, has operated them to the delight of many a middle aged fan/camper and also to the former pro players who return to the uniform to help coach the teams. For years, Hundley operated camps for many major league teams but now concentrates on the Chicago Cubs. His son Todd Hundley was also a catcher, playing in the major leagues for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2849781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849781" title="List of Mexican Jews">
List of Mexican Jews

The Jewish population of Latin America has risen to more than 500,000 — more than half of whom live in Argentina, with large communities also present in Brazil and Mexico.
In Mexico, Mexico City has the largest Jewish population. The second and third largest Jewish groups are in Guadalajara and in Monterrey (the founder of Monterrey, Luis Carvajal, was persecuted by the Spanish Inquisition for practicing Judaism). The book "Estudio histórico de la migración judía a México 1900-1950" has records of almost 11,300 who emigrated to Mexico between 1900 and 1950. Most (7023) were Ashkenazi Jews who originated from Eastern Europe, mainly from Poland. A further 2640 Jews arrived from either Spain or the Ottoman Empire and 1619 came from Cuba and the United States. In 1990 almost 58,000 Mexicans and in 2000 about 45,000 professed the Jewish religion in the country, according to the INEGI.
The following is a list of some renowned past and present Mexican Jews (not all with both parents Jewish, nor all practising Judaism), arranged by their main field of activity:

</doc>
<doc id="2849782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849782" title="Test data exclusivity">
Test data exclusivity

Test data exclusivity refers to protection of clinical test data required to be submitted to a regulatory agency to prove safety and efficacy of a new drug, and prevention of generic drug manufacturers from relying on this data in their own applications. Pharmaceutical companies argue that since test data is so expensive to produce, it is an unfair advantage to let other companies rely on that data without cost. Critics charge that it can act as a restriction to producing a generic copy; that although it would not raise prices of drugs, it would prevent prices from falling due to generic competition; and make it more costly for the poor to gain access to life-saving drugs (e.g. anti-HIV & anti-malarial medications.) Developed countries with innovative pharmaceutical industries (including the United States) have sought data exclusivity provisions in Free Trade Agreements with their trading partners, e.g. DR-CAFTA which includes such a provision.
According to the European Commission:
One critical issue in this regard is the issue of data exclusivity for pioneer drug companies (pharmaceutical R&D organizations). From the standpoint of economics, industries where the R&D process is costly and risky, need longer exclusivity periods to realize innovation benefits, compared to those industries where innovation is easier and less costly. 
Some academics allege that pharmaceutical data exclusivity protection unfairly restricts the rapid public dispersal of knowledge that is supposed to be the trade-off for a grant of a patent or intellectual monopoly privilege. They allege that data exclusivity is really a form of evergreening pharmaceutical patent protection that may even restrict the capacity of governments to benefit from the granting of a compulsory license on the patents on a medicine, since the data monopoly will still prevent the marketing of generic products, even though the patent licenses have been granted by the government or a court.
A separate criticism of data exclusivity concerns medical and research ethics. Specifically, it is considered unethical under the Declaration of Helsinki to undertake duplicative clinical trials on human subjects. Similar concerns have been raised in the context of test data protection for certain agricultural or cosmetic products, leading in some countries to proposals for cost sharing rather than exclusive rights as the form of test data protection.
Data Exclusivity Period for human use drugs.
United States: 5 Years for new pharmaceutical chemical entities, 3 years for new indications for pharmaceutical drugs, and 12 years for biologic products. 
European Union: 8 Years (+ 2 Years market exclusivity + 1 year for new indication)
Japan: 6 Years
China: The government promised a protection period of 6 years for pharmaceutical drugs, when applying for membership to the World Trade Organization (WTO). 

</doc>
<doc id="2849784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849784" title="Batei Ungarin">
Batei Ungarin

Batei Ungarin () (lit. "Hungarian Houses") is a Haredi neighborhood in Jerusalem, Israel. It was built by "Kolel Ungarin", a Hungarian Jewish charity supporting Jews living in the Land of Israel.
History.
Batei Ungarin was established in 1891. By World War I, there were 100 homes, a synagogue, a beit midrash and a mikveh. The original inhabitants of the neighborhood came from Hungary, and many of the residents who live there today can trace their lineage to Hungary. A major Hasidic group called Toldos Aharon has its headquarters on the edge of Batei Ungarin.

</doc>
<doc id="2849785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849785" title="Anguish">
Anguish

Anguish is a term used in philosophy, often as a translation from the Latin for "angst". It is a paramount feature of existentialist philosophy, in which anguish is often understood as the experience of an utterly free being in a world with zero absolutes (existential despair). In the theology of Kierkegaard, it refers to a being with total free will who is in a constant state of spiritual fear that his freedom will lead him to fall short of the standards that God has laid out for him. 
In the teachings of Sartre, anguish is seen when an utterly captured being realizes the unpredictability of his or her action. For example, when walking along a cliff, you would feel anguish to know that you have the freedom to throw yourself down to your imminent death.

</doc>
<doc id="2849788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849788" title="Tianchisaurus">
Tianchisaurus

Tianchisaurus (meaning "heavenly pool lizard") is a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur from the middle Jurassic Period (Bajocian–Bathonian stages) of China. If it actually belongs to the family Ankylosauridae as proposed by Dong Zhiming, it would be the earliest member of that family. Unlike other ankylosaurids, it lacked a bony club at the tip of its tail. 
The type specimen was informally referred to as "Jurassosaurus" after the 1993 film "Jurassic Park", and the species epithet "nedegoapeferima" is formed from the surnames of the film's main stars: Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, Ariana Richards, and Joseph Mazzello. Director Steven Spielberg, who has funded Chinese dinosaur research, proposed the name. Dong Zhiming ultimately discarded the genus name "Jurassosaurus" (which is now a "nomen nudum") in favor of "Tianchisaurus", but retained the species name honoring the actors.

</doc>
<doc id="2849793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849793" title="Jumbo Video">
Jumbo Video

Jumbo Video is a Canadian chain of franchised and corporate video stores, owned by Le SuperClub Vidéotron, a division of Quebecor Media Inc. Originally an independent company, Jumbo Video is now essentially the English Canadian brand of SuperClub, Quebec's dominant video rental chain, and the two brands now share similar marketing. As a result of the 2011-12 closures of Blockbuster Canada and Rogers Video, SuperClub and Jumbo together form Canada's largest remaining video rental chain.
The company was founded in May 1987 and at one point claimed to be the third-largest player in the Canadian video rental industry. The video game subsidiary Microplay was founded in the late 1990s in order to facilitate the rentals of video games. In 2004, due to financial issues that had been prevalent for many years, the assets of the chain were purchased by Quebecor Media. This resulted in the re-branding of the stores with the current logo.
As of late 2011, the Jumbo Video banner consists of 17 stores in Ontario and Atlantic Canada, some co-located with Microplay. A plurality of locations are in Ontario (6), but the highest per-capita concentration is on Prince Edward Island (2 locations).
The chain was previously publicly traded as a company called Jumbo Entertainment Inc. After selling its assets to Quebecor, the remaining shell company agreed to a reverse takeover by clothing retailer West 49.
Services.
Jumbo Video currently offers a "Movies Nonstop Program". It is a monthly subscription at $9.99/month which allows the rental of up to three non-new release movies at once. Those without a plan, or who want to rent more than three discs, can pay a fee to rent a movie for a limited amount of time.

</doc>
<doc id="2849796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849796" title="Black Reel Awards">
Black Reel Awards

The Black Reel Awards began in 2000 and were designed to annually recognize and celebrate the achievements of black people in feature, independent and television films. Awards range from the art of character portrayals to the artistry displayed behind the camera.
The FAAAF/Black Reel Awards benefit The Foundation for the Advancement of African Americans in Film (FAAAF), a non-profit arts organization whose mission is to provide educational opportunities to future minority film executives. Through the FAAAF programs "Reel Kids," and "Producer's Institute," scholarships are awarded to minority junior high, high school and college graduate students pursuing careers in the movie and television industries.
Film nominations and wins.
Below are the films and television films with multiple nominations and wins:
Most Nominated Performers.
This is a list of multiple nominated performers, producers, writers & directors with 5 or more career nominations. Spike Lee holds the record with 24 nominations as a producer, director and writer.
24 nominations
14 nominations
10 nominations
9 nominations
8 nominations
7 nominations
6 nominations
5 nominations
Most Individual Wins.
Here are the individuals with the most wins, as of the 2013 ceremony.
See also.
Jordan Walker-Pearlman
3 wins.

</doc>
<doc id="2849800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849800" title="Théâtre de l'Île">
Théâtre de l'Île

The Théâtre de l'Île (Theatre of the Island) is a small municipally run theatre in Gatineau, Quebec. It is located on a small island at the southern end of the Ruisseau de la Brasserie, a small river running just to the west of Montcalm Street. The building was originally constructed in 1886 as the Hull Water Works, at a time when the site was at the heart of a largely industrial area. In the subsequent decades the building served a number of different purposes. In 1974 it suffered a devastating fire. The city of Hull and the National Capital Commission joined together to rebuild the structure as a theatre. It opened in 1976, and was the first municipally run theatre in Quebec.
The theatre seats up to 300. It puts on a number of different shows per year, with some 25,000 spectators per annum.

</doc>
<doc id="2849808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849808" title="Burritts Rapids, Ontario">
Burritts Rapids, Ontario

Burritt's Rapids is a small village located on the Rideau River in eastern Ontario.
The hamlet was named after Stephen Burritt, whose family was the first to settle in this area. At one time, the hamlet prospered due to its location on the Rideau Canal. The community straddles the river, so part is located in Rideau Township, now part of Ottawa, and part in North Grenville Township.
There is a lock on the canal to bypass rapids here, the Burritts Rapids Bridge which crosses the canal and a stationary bridge which crosses the river.
History.
In 1793, Stephen and Daniel Burritt, from Arlington, Vermont, settled in the vicinity of the area now known as Burritt’s Rapids. A plaque was erected by the Ontario Archaeological and Historic Sites Board commemorating the founding of Burritt's Rapids. 
By 1812, Burritt’s Rapids had become a bustling hamlet. At the peak of its prosperity, it had telegraphic and daily mail, 2 general stores, a bakery, a millinery shop, 2 shoe shops, a tin and stove store, a grist mill, a woolen mill, a tannery, 3 blacksmith shops, 3 wagon shops, a cabinet shop, 2 churches, 2 schools, 2 hotels, a bank and an Orange Lodge.
The hamlet’s natural advantages as a transportation centre were enhanced by the opening of the Rideau Canal in 1831. Burritt’s Rapids was the site of the first bridge across the Rideau River. A post office was opened in 1839. 
By 1866, Burritts Rapids was a village with a population of about 400 on the Rideau canal, in the townships of Oxford and Marlborough, and counties of Carleton and Grenville. It had two schools, and citizens were in the lumber business. 
Unfortunately, the hamlet was by-passed by the railway, and its importance gradually diminished with the decline of the canal as a means of transportation.
Burritts Rapids was home to the Rideau Correctional and Treatment Centre from 1947 until its closure in 2004. It was subsequently demolished in 2013.
Public high school students in this area go to South Carleton High School in Richmond.
History of Burritt's Rapids Community Hall.
The Hall was built in 1855 by John French and operated as a general store. In 1892, the building was sold and it changed hands several more times during the early 1900s. The facility became known as the “Albert C. White Memorial Hall” in 1927, but in October 1935, Casey Swedlove sold the Hall and its property to the community. At that time, the name was formally changed to The Burritt’s Rapids Community Hall, and has been run as a non-profit facility ever since.
In 1984, the Hall was designated under the Ontario Heritage Act as being of architectural and historical value: “… the building is an outstanding example of an early nineteenth century vernacular temple-fronted commercial structure, of the Classical Revival Style. It is clad in narrow feather-edge clapboard and is highlighted by recessed panelled front doors, large commercial style front windows, with panelled surrounds, engage pilasters, with classical entablature, returned eaves and small 12 over 8 upper sashes…”
In 1986, an extension was added to the south side of the building. Moneys for the project were donated by several local citizens and businesses, all of which are memorialized on a plaque inside the Hall. Many of the building materials were donated by the production company which filmed “Boy in Blue”, in Burritt’s Rapids in 1984. The roof was installed by a volunteer group who proclaimed themselves to be “The Geriatric Builders”.

</doc>
<doc id="2849811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849811" title="Microplay">
Microplay

Microplay can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849818" title="Jaroslav Bednář">
Jaroslav Bednář

Jaroslav Bednář (born November 9, 1976) is a Czech ice hockey winger, who currently plays for HC Lugano in the National League A in Switzerland.
Playing career.
Born in Prague, Czechoslovakia, Bednář began his career with Slavia Prague in 1994 and stayed there for three years before moving to rivals Sparta Prague. He played just 14 games before moving to Plzeň and then returned to play for Sparta for the next season. He then spent the next two seasons playing in Finland's SM-liiga with spells at Jyp and HIFK where he led the teams in goals and points.
NHL career.
Bednář was drafted 51st overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, but never managed to recapture the form he had in Finland. He played 37 games for the Kings, scoring 4 goals and 11 assists for 15 points. On November 26, 2002, Bednář, along with Andreas Lilja was traded to the Florida Panthers for Dmitri Yushkevich, he played 65 games for Florida, scoring 6 goals and 14 assists for 20 points. Overall, Bednář played 102 regular season games, scoring 10 goals and 25 assists for 35 points.
Back in Europe.
Bednář moved to Russia during the cancelled 2004–05 NHL Season and played for Avangard Omsk where he played alongside Jaromír Jágr, Alexander Perezhogin and Oleg Tverdovsky. In 2005, Bednář returned to Slavia Prague where he has become one of their core players and left the team after four years on 29 April 2009 to sign with Atlant Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League. In 2010, Bednář signed a one year contract with HC Davos from the Swiss NLA where he played alongside with 3 other Czech players: Petr Sykora, Petr Taticek and Josef Marha. During the 2010-2011 regular season, Bednář scored 35 goals and 15 assists for a total of 50 points in 43 games.

</doc>
<doc id="2849820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849820" title="Classification of Saint-Émilion wine">
Classification of Saint-Émilion wine

In 1955 the wines of Saint-Émilion in the wine-growing region of Bordeaux were classified. Unlike the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855 covering wines from the Medoc and Graves regions, the Saint-Émilion list is updated every 10 years or so. Following the initial classification, the list was updated in 1969, 1986, 1996 and most recently in 2006. However the 2006 classification was declared invalid following a series of legal actions, and the 1996 version of the classification has been reinstated for the vintages from 2006 to 2009.
The region's "Syndicat Viticole" started planning for a classification of St.-Émilion wine in 1930, but it was not until October 7, 1954 that the principles behind the classification became official when the INAO agreed to take responsibility for handling the classification. The first list of classified St.-Émilion estates was published on June 16, 1955, and was amended on August 7 and October 18, 1958. The original list contained 12 "Premier grands crus classés" and 63 "Grands crus classés".
Controversy surrounding the 2006 classification.
The fifth classification of St.-Émilion wine, announced in September 2006 and comprising 15 "Premiers grands crus classés" and 46 "Grands crus classés", was challenged by four dissatisfied producers that had been demoted - La Tour du Pin Figeac, Cadet Bon, Guadet and Château de la Marzelle - and has resulted in several confusing legal turns during 2007 and 2008 that currently mean that the 2006 classification is invalid and the 1996 classification is applied instead. The legal dispute has centered on the fact that several members of the panel involved in assessing the wines had vested interests (e.g. as négociants with business dealings with some of the châteaux), and thus could be suspected of not being impartial. 
Initially, an administrative tribunal in Bordeaux declared the classification temporarily suspended in March 2007, after which a Bordeaux court suspended the classification indefinitely by denying a motion to lift the initial suspension. After that the Conseil d'État, the French supreme administrative court, on November 12, 2007 overturned the suspension of the 2006 classification, thereby reinstating it. However, this ruling was not final, and only decided that the case of the four demoted châteaux did not merit a suspension of the entire classification. The matter was returned to a Bordeaux court to assess if the complaining châteux had been fairly treated. On July 1, 2008 this court ruled that the wine tasting mechanism used in the 2006 classification was not impartial, thus again making the entire classification invalid. 
Immediately after the ruling, it was estimated that a further appeals process aiming at reinstating the classification could take about two years, and would have an uncertain result. This led the French regulatory body for wine, INAO, to request the French Government to use emergency powers to reinstate St.-Émilion classification, which it did on July 11, 2008. This decision extended the validity of the 1996 classification to the vintages 2006 to 2009. Thus, the complaining demoted châteaux are able to keep their classification, but those who were newly promoted are not. Presumably, this measure will allow INAO to arrange for a less contested classification to be finalised by around 2010.
The reaction among the estates who had their promotions retracted, such as Grand Corbin-Despagne, Monbousquet, Pavie-Macquin and Troplong Mondot, was one of despair, who beyond facing financial consequences stated the decision was unjust, and damaging to the image and community of St.-Émilion.
Xavier Pariente of Troplong-Mondot said, "That's almost 20 years of hard work and investment by all the personnel here wiped out at the stroke of a pen. It frightens me and it revolts me”.
In December 2008, the French senate had allowed the 8 demoted estates to regain their previous status, with Pavie-Macquin and Troplong Mondot returning to "Premiers grands crus classés", while Bellefond-Belcier, Destieux, Fleur-Cardinale, Grand Corbin, Grand Corbin-Despagne, and Monbousquet again to become classified as "Grands crus classés", as a result of several months of lobbying. However, in January 2009 this proposal was thrown out by the French government constitutional council. 
In March 2009, it was stated that the French Court of Appeal had made a final ruling, that the 2006 Saint-Émilion classification will not stand, although the ultimate outcome was the opposite. A law passed on May 13, 2009 contained a footnote clarifying that the six chateaux promoted to Grand Cru Classe in 2006 would be able to keep their status with immediate effect, and date it back to the date of the classification, therefore the status of the classified estates of 1996, plus the eight chateaux promoted in 2006, is mandated by law until 2011, two years beyond what was previously scheduled.
The 2012 classification.
The 2012 classification was conducted differently than previous efforts, with tastings and inspections outsourced by INAO to independent groups with no involvement by St.-Emilion Wine Syndicate and Bordeaux wine trade, but instead wine professionals from Burgundy, the Rhône Valley, Champagne, the Loire Valley and Provence made up a seven-person commission. There is no longer a fixed number of châteaus which can be classified, and the new rankings elevated Château Pavie and Château Angélus to Premier Classe A. Among new Premiers grands crus were Larcis Ducasse, Canon-la-Gaffelière and "garagiste" producers Valandraud and La Mondotte, while Château Magdelaine was omitted from the list as it will be merged with Château Bélair-Monange.
In January 2013, Château La Tour du Pin Figeac, Chateau Croque-Michotte and Château Corbin-Michotte filed complaints with a Bordeaux administrative tribunal, claiming there were procedural errors in the selection process. Chateau La Tour du Pin Figeac, had previously challenged its demotion in the disputed 2006 classification without being reinstated in 2012, while Château Croque-Michotte was refused promotion from "Grand cru" to "Grand cru classé" and Château Corbin-Michotte had been demoted from "Grand cru classé".
Classification.
The classification comprises 18 "Premiers grands crus classés" and 64 "Grands crus classés".
Other categories.
Over two hundred other Saint-Émilion wines carry the description "Grand Cru", however this designation is awarded under the basic appellation rules and is not part of the formal 1955 classification. Wines in this category are not seen as being of comparable quality to the Grand Cru Classés.
Notes and references.
a.   Promoted to Premier grand cru classé in 2006 and relegated in 2008 
b.   Declassified in 2006 and reinstated in 2008 
c.   Classified in 2006 and declassified in 2008 
d.   Promoted in 2012 
e.   Demoted in 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="2849825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849825" title="Alheira">
Alheira

The alheira () is a type of Portuguese sausage, made with meats other than pork (usually veal, duck, chicken, quail or rabbit) and bread. 
Although its name derives from the Portuguese word for garlic ("alho") and was once used to describe any sausage seasoned with it, present-day alheiras don't necessarily contain garlic (although it is still a common ingredient).
The type of sausage currently known as "alheira" was invented by the Jews of Portugal, who were forced to convert to Christianity, as a way to deceive the Portuguese Inquisition. Since their religion didn't allow them to eat pork, they were easily identifiable by the fact that they didn't hang sausages in their smokehouses ("fumeiros" in Portuguese). As a cover, they replaced pork with a large variety of other meats, such as poultry and game, which would then be mixed with bread for texture. This recipe would later spread amongst Christians.
Alheiras were traditionally grilled or roasted and served with boiled vegetables. Nowadays, however, they tend to be fried and served with chips and a fried egg. They are often one of the cheapest courses in restaurant menus, although those made with game can be expensive.
Although typically associated with the city of Mirandela, the regions of Beira Alta and Trás-os-Montes are also famous for their alheiras.
Varieties with PGI protection status include "Alheira de Vinhais" and "Alheira de Barroso-Montalegre".

</doc>
<doc id="2849827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849827" title="José Joaquín Palma">
José Joaquín Palma

Jose Joaquin Palma (Bayamo, Cuba, September 11, 1844 - Guatemala City, Guatemala, August 2, 1911). 
Biography.
He was the son of Pedro Palma y Aguilera and Dolores Lasso de la Vega and went to "San José" School in Bayamo under the direction of José María Izaguirre whom he would later meet again in Guatemala. He wrote poetry since his youth and is considered an important Cuban poet. 
He joined the revolutionaries of the Ten Years' War in Cuba (1868–1878) and served briefly as a recruiter for the revolutionary forces and as an aid to Carlos Manuel de Céspedes, the leader of the insurrection. When Bayamo was about to fall to the Spanish forces, he set fire to his own house in the city-wide fire started by the residents.
He went to Jamaica, New York and Guatemala in an attempt to gain support for the Cuban insurrection. In Guatemala he met the Honduran Marco Aurelio Soto who later became president of Honduras. 
He went to Honduras as private secretary to President Soto in 1876 and left this county and returned to Guatemala when Soto resigned as president. 
In 1896 the government of Guatemala promoted a contest to select the lyrics of the national anthem - the National Anthem of Guatemala. The winning piece was entered anonymously by José Joaquín Palma. Not until 14 years later, in 1910, did he reveal that he was the author. He received a gold medal from the Guatemalan government for his literary and patriotic contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="2849842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849842" title="Chilean destroyer Aldea (1928)">
Chilean destroyer Aldea (1928)

The third Aldea was a of the Chilean Navy from 1928 to 1967. She was laid down in 1928 by Thornycroft, at Woolston, Hampshire, England. She was launched by Mrs. Berta Castro de Merino (mother of future admiral José Toribio Merino) in November 1928, and commissioned on July 1929.
The "Aldea" was one of six vessels in its class to serve Chile. The class was ordered from the United Kingdom and delivered in 1928 and 1929. Like its sister ships and , it was also equipped for duties as a minesweeper. The vessels had a displacement of 1450 tonnes and were armed with three 4.7-inch and one 3-inch DP guns, as well as six 21-inch torpedo tubes. The ships could make 35 knots, but their light build proved unsuitable for the harsh southern waters off Chile's coast.

</doc>
<doc id="2849845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849845" title="Pierrot the Clownfish">
Pierrot the Clownfish

Pierrot Le Poisson-Clown (ISBN 2-9519138-1-8) () is a French children's book by author Franck Le Calvez.
Disney lawsuit.
In 2003, Le Calvez filed suit against Pixar and its distribution company Walt Disney Pictures, claiming that the story and the characters from this book were plagiarized in the film "Finding Nemo". The author and his lawyer, Pascal Kamina, demanded from Disney a share of the profits from merchandising articles sold in France. Le Calvez and Kamina lost the lawsuit on March 12, 2004 and intended to file an appeal on October 5, 2004; however, to date there has been no further action taken against Pixar on the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="2849853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849853" title="Scaredy Cat (audio drama)">
Scaredy Cat (audio drama)

Scaredy Cat is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Plot.
Death walks on Endarra and, a thousand years ago, the people of Caludaar vowed never to set foot on their sister planet. While the Eighth Doctor does not intend to break the law, his companions have their own demons to grapple with.

</doc>
<doc id="2849859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849859" title="The Virginia Gazette">
The Virginia Gazette

The Virginia Gazette is the local newspaper of Williamsburg, Virginia. Established in 1930, it is named for the historical "Virginia Gazette" published between 1736 and 1780. It is published twice a week in the broadsheet format.
Historical papers.
There were actually three papers published in Williamsburg under the name "The Virginia Gazette" between 1736 and 1780. Together, these papers serve as an important record for Virginia's colonial history. The original "Virginia Gazette", the first newspaper ever published in Virginia, was established by William Parks, who printed the first four-page edition on August 6, 1736. Its motto was "Containing the freshest Advices, Foreign and Domestick." Three years earlier, Parks had founded "The Maryland Gazette" in Annapolis, Maryland. In 1743, Parks built a paper mill in Williamsburg; he purchased the raw material to create newsprint from Benjamin Franklin. The paper was published, successively, by William Parks (1736–1750), William Hunter (1751–1761), Joseph Royle (1761–1765), Alexander Purdie and John Dixon (1766-1775), Dixon and Hunter (1775-1778), and Dixon and Thomas Nicolson (1779–1780). The last issue was published on April 8, 1780, after which point the paper relocated to Richmond, Virginia's new capital.
In 1766 William Rind founded a competing newspaper also called the "The Virginia Gazette". This paper was published by Rind (1766-1773), then by his widow Clementina Rind (1773-1774), and finally John Pinkney (1774-1776). Its last issue was printed on February 3, 1776. On February 3, 1775, Alexander Purdie, previously a publisher of the original "Gazette", started a third paper of the same name. It was published by Purdie until his death in 1779; it was then published by John Clarkson and Augustine Davis until December 9, 1780. Afterward, various papers were published periodically around Virginia using the "Virginia Gazette" banner.
Modern paper.
In 1893 W. C. Johnston brought the name Virginia Gazette back to Williamsburg in newspaper form, but unrelated to its colonial predecessors. An Ohio native and an alumnus of the College of William and Mary, Johnston served as clerk of the Williamsburg city council, member of the board of registrars and the Williamsburg Business Association, and postmaster. As editor of the Virginia Gazette, a Democratic weekly, Johnston campaigned vigorously to attract industry to the region. The Gazette, for example, described a new mill that opened in 1895 as “the morning star of the future that heralds a glorious dawn of prosperity upon this little city.” Typical content included local and national news, general interest stories, advertisements, business directories, college notes, and social happenings. 
L. S. Cottrell, Johnston’s original printer, became owner and publisher in 1894 but sold the paper back to Johnston in March 1896. Circulation by 1900 was approximately 500, and there was no competing paper published in town during the paper’s life. 
Robert P. Scott became owner and publisher of the Gazette in 1917, with Johnston still serving as editor. Local news still predominated, but national issues were becoming increasingly important. In 1920, Johnston editorialized against women’s suffrage as a violation of states’ rights: “No one questions the ability of women. . . . No one questions that they are as capable as men to cast their ballots. But thousands question the manner in which women are to be enfranchised and honestly believe that the surrender to the general government of the powers of the state is too big a price to pay for a privilege which is chimerical and visionary in the extreme.”
By 1922, the paper ceased publication. Another Virginia Gazette appeared in 1925, associated with the William Parks School of Journalism at the College of William and Mary, but it lasted only through 1927. Havilock Babcock, of the journalism faculty was editor and students served as reporters and handled all the other newspaper jobs, except printing.
In 1930, W. A. R. Goodwin, pastor of the local Bruton Parish Church and a co=founder of Colonial Williamsburg, made a push for a paper to return to Williamsburg under the banner of "The Virginia Gazette". At Goodwin's urging publisher J. A. Osborne moved to town from Florida and established the modern paper. In 1961 the Osborne family sold the paper to John O. W. Gravely III. Gravely died in 1975 and his widow Martha became president and publisher. The Gravely family sold the paper in 1986 to the Chesapeake Publishing Corp. of Easton, MD., a subsidiary of Whitney Communications. Later in 2001 Chesapeake sold the paper to the "Daily Press", a Tribune Co. daily in Newport News, Virginia.
Through the years, the paper won Virginia Press Association's award for community excellent in publishing three times, in 1969, 1980 and 1994. Long a weekly newspaper, the "Gazette" expanded to twice-weekly in 1984. The current publisher is W. C. "Bill" O'Donovan who has served in that capacity since 1986. beginning as an editor under Gravely.

</doc>
<doc id="2849861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849861" title="Baku Private Turkish High School">
Baku Private Turkish High School

Baku Private Turkish High School (, also abbr. BÖTL), was a private, boys-only, secondary school in Baku, Azerbaijan. Established in 1992, it was considered one of elite schools in Azerbaijan which had competitive admissions, where only 6th grade students who passed the admissions test were accepted. Tuition fee varied yearly and was about USD$ $7000. Courses were taught in Azerbaijani, English, and Turkish. Achievements included more than 203 medals in international competitions and olympiads and 98% university acceptance rate. School's graduates have continued their studies at universities of more than 15 countries including USA, Turkey, Germany, England, and Japan.
Baku Private Turkish Highschool was a chain in a network of similar high schools across Azerbaijan run by Çağ Öyrətim İşlətmələri A.O. which was owned by the Azerbaijani state-owned oil and natural gas corporation of SOCAR.
In June 2014, the school was dissolved as part of the Azerbaijani government's crackdown on the Gülen Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="2849870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849870" title="2002–03 in Belgian football">
2002–03 in Belgian football

The 2002-2003 season was the 100th competitive season in Belgian football.
National team.
Belgium began their qualifying campaign for the 2004 UEFA European Championship.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="2849896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849896" title="Winding engine">
Winding engine

A winding engine is a stationary engine used to control a cable, for example to power a mining hoist at a pit head. Electric hoist controllers have replaced proper winding engines in modern mining, but use electric motors that are also traditionally referred to as "winding engines".
Early winding engines were hand, or more usually horse powered.
The first powered winding engines were stationary steam engines. The demand for winding engines was one factor that drove James Watt to develop his rotative beam engine, with its ability to continuously turn a winding drum, rather than the early reciprocating beam engines that were only useful for working pumps.
They differ from most other stationary steam engines in that, like a steam locomotive, they need to be able to stop frequently and also reverse. This requires more complex valve gear and other controls than are needed on engines used in mills or to drive pumps.

</doc>
<doc id="2849903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849903" title="Enoch Crowder">
Enoch Crowder

Major General Enoch Herbert Crowder, USA (April 11, 1859 – May 7, 1932) commonly referred to as General Crowder, was an American Army lawyer who served as the Judge Advocate General of the United States Army from 1911 to 1923. Crowder is most noted for implementing and administering the United States Selective Service Act of 1917 during World War I, an act which drafted thousands of American men into military service during World War I.
Early life and education.
Enoch Crowder was born in Edinburg, Missouri where he also attended Grand River College. Following education in the local schools, he tried his hand at farming and rural school-teaching. He entered the United States Military Academy in 1877, graduating in 1881. Lieutenant Crowder was assigned to the 8th Cavalry, then stationed near Brownsville, Texas. During this tour he studied law, and in 1884 gained admission to the Texas bar. The same year, Crowder obtained a long-sought transfer to Jefferson Barracks, Missouri.
In 1885, Lieutenant Crowder was given an assignment he sought – Professor of Military Science at the University of Missouri. Here he instructed two companies of cadets, working meanwhile toward a law degree which he obtained in 1886. Soon after obtaining his law degree, Crowder was promoted to First Lieutenant and ordered to rejoin his regiment as a troop commander in the Geronimo campaign. Following the end of that campaign in September 1886 he returned to the University of Missouri where he resumed teaching until 1889.
Judge Advocate General.
Upon completion of this detail, Lieutenant Crowder returned to the 8th Cavalry at Fort Yates, Dakota Territory, where he participated in the final campaign against Sitting Bull. In 1891, upon his promotion to Captain he accepted a position as the acting Judge Advocate General of the Department of the Platte in Omaha, Nebraska. In January 1895, this temporary branch transfer became final and Crowder was promoted to Major.
The beginning of the Spanish-American War marked his promotion to Lieutenant Colonel. From 1898–1901 while in the Philippines, he served as a judge advocate, and later served as secretary to the island governors, one who was Arthur MacArthur, Jr., father of Douglas MacArthur. He also served on the commission which arranged the Spanish surrender of the Philippines. During his service in the Philippines, he filled many important posts in the military government of the Islands, specializing in military law. In 1899, he headed the Board of Claims, served on the Philippine Supreme Court, and drafted the new Philippine criminal code. 
Impressed with the ability Crowder had demonstrated in the Philippines, Judge Advocate General Davis in 1901 called him to Washington to serve as Deputy Judge Advocate General. In this capacity, Crowder assisted in the prosecution of the then noteworthy Deming case in 1902, became a member of the General Staff, and attained the rank of Colonel. In the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905 he was senior American observer with the Japanese Army. From 1906 to 1909, while serving on the staff of the provisional governors in Cuba, he oversaw the Cuban elections in 1908, and later helped draft a body of laws for Cuba.
In 1910, he represented the United States at the Fourth Pan American Conference in Buenos Aires and in that capacity made official visits to Chile, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Panama. On February 11, 1911, after studying the military justice and penal systems of France and England on a European tour, he returned to Washington to be promoted to Brigadier General and assume the duties as Judge Advocate General of the United States Army, a post he held for 12 years.
As Judge Advocate General, General Crowder initiated a number of innovations including the regular publication of Judge Advocate General opinions; the issuance of a new digest (published in 1912) of all JAG opinions issued since 1862; and a program for the legal education of line officers at government expense. He additionally supervised the revision of the Articles of War for the first time since 1874, revised the Manual for Courts-Martial and took an active part in prison reform in the Army.
Selective Service Act.
On April 6, 1917, the United States officially entered World War I. As Provost Marshal of the Army, Crowder led the drafting of the Selective Service Act which was passed by the U.S. Congress in May 1917. General Crowder, as he became known, was also responsible for directing of the Selective Service and supervised the draft – the registration, classification, and induction – of all American men who were 18–30 years of age into the armed services – over 2,800,000 men during the war.
The officers who served under General Crowder during this period are legion. Among these are the following: Major Hugh S. Johnson, Major Cassius Dowell, Lieutenant Colonel Allen W. Gullion, Major John H. Wigmore, Major Charles B. Warren, Captain M. C. Cramer, and Lieutenant Colonel E. A. Kreger. Although offered a promotion to the rank of Lieutenant General in 1918, General Crowder, mindful of public and Congressional opposition to “swivel chair” generals, refused the promotion, seeking instead a field command.
In October 1917, Crowder was promoted to Major General. As Judge Advocate General, he supervised the administration of military justice in the Army during the period when the number of general courts-martial rose from 6,200 in 1917 to over 20,000 in 1918. In 1918, the offices of Secretary of War Newton Baker issued the "work or fight" order, and Crowder became in charge of executing the order which mandated that virtually every activity in the country support the war effort. 
On September 26, 1918, in response to newspaper reports of military camps being overcome by the Great Influenza Pandemic, Crowder cancelled the military draft calls for October.
Post-World War I.
After the war, General Crowder found himself, along with the entire military justice system, the center of a storm of controversy, stemming from charges that the military justice system was “un-American.” Crowder, a perceptive critic of the system who had already commenced work on needed reform, now accelerated his efforts. The specific recommendations he submitted to Congress, most of which were subsequently adopted, included greater safeguards for the accused, changes in the composition and powers of special courts-martial, and the addition of an authority in the President to reverse or alter any court-martial sentence found to have been adjudged erroneously.
Ambassador to Cuba.
In 1920 a bill authorizing the President to retire General Crowder with the rank and pay of a Lieutenant General was introduced in Congress but was never formally brought to the floor of the House for action. Crowder retired from the Army on February 14, 1923, after forty-six years of service, but his days of service to his country were not finished. On the same day he was appointed the first Ambassador from the United States to Cuba, a post which he held until 1927.
Retirement and death.
From 1927 until his death in 1932, General Crowder was engaged in the private practice of law in Chicago. Among his honors and decorations were the Distinguished Service Medal, the Cuban Order of Carlos Manuel de Cespedes, the Japanese Order of the Rising Sun, Knight Commander of the British Order of St. Michael and St. George, Commander of the Legion of Honor, and Commander of the Italian Order of the Crown.
Crowder died in Washington, D.C., on May 7, 1932. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Legacy.
Perhaps the most apt description of the service to his country by Enoch H. Crowder is contained in the words of the late Henry L. Stimson, Secretary of State in the cabinet of President Herbert Hoover and Secretary of War in the cabinets of Presidents William Howard Taft and Franklin D. Roosevelt, who said of General Crowder: 
"His record as Judge Advocate General and his later record as Provost Marshal General have constituted a page in the history of our Army upon which we can all look with deep satisfaction and admiration."
His name is memorialized in his home state of Missouri through the naming of a state park in his honor and through the designation of the World War II training center at Neosho, Missouri, as Camp Crowder. The ROTC building at the University of Missouri, Crowder Hall, is also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2849907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849907" title="Ian Wallace (ornithologist)">
Ian Wallace (ornithologist)

D. Ian M. Wallace (known as Ian Wallace or D.I.M. Wallace, or by his initials DIMW; born before 1935) is a British birder, author and artist. He lives in Staffordshire.
D.I.M. Wallace was the second chairman of the British Birds Rarities Committee and was a contributing author to The Birds of the Western Palearctic.
In 1963, Wallace was among a party of birders, led by Guy Mountfort and including Julian Huxley, George Shannon and, James Ferguson-Lees, which made the first ornithological expedition to Azraq in Jordan. The expedition's recommendations eventually led to the creation of the Azraq Wetland Reserve and other protected areas. Papers from the expedition are in the United Kingdom's National Archives.
He identified at least four species previously unknown in Nigeria. 
He is the Honorary Life President of Flamborough Orninthological Group since 2000), and of Flamborough Bird Observatory.
Wallace has appeared as a guest on BBC Radio 4's "Saving Species", discussing his October 1960 observations of the visible migration of birds over London, on their 50th anniversary.
He has been described as "one of the very top ornithologists in the UK", "one of the great names of British bird-watching", by the BBC as "a pioneer of ornithology the United Kingdom", and by Mark Cocker as both "one of the godfathers of modern birding" and "the grand old man of birds".

</doc>
<doc id="2849925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849925" title="Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company">
Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company

The Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company was a Company in England, formed in 1846, which managed several canals and a railway. It was leased by the London and North Western Railway from 1847, and bought by it in 1922, but continued to act as a semi-autonomous body, managing the canals until their abandonment in 1944. With the passing of the Railways Act 1921 (Grouping Act) the company became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS).
History.
In 1844, the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Company, which owned the broad canals from Ellesmere Port to Chester and from Chester to Nantwich, with a branch to Middlewich, began discussions with the narrow Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal, which ran from Nantwich to Autherley, where it joined the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal. The two companies had always worked together, in a bid to maintain their profits against competition from the railways, and amalgamation seemed to be a logical step. An agreement was worked out by August, and the two companies then sought an Act of Parliament to authorise the takeover. This was granted on 8 May 1845, when the larger Ellesmere and Chester Canal Company was formed.
Reformation as a joint canal - railway company.
Almost immediately, a committee was set up to look at options for converting all or part of the canals into railways, and extending the network. Although they had already tried using a steam tug to haul a train of boats, they realised that not all of their canals were suitable for such use, and that a locomotive on a railway with good gradients offered a better solution. The Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal were alarmed by the announcement that many of the canals might close, on the basis that removal of one would have a serious effect on another, and sought to oppose the action.
However, the joint company obtained an Act of Parliament in 1846, which reformed it as the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company (SUR&CC). The 1846 Act authorised the new company to take over the Shrewsbury Canal and to buy the Montgomery Canal and the Shropshire Canal. The intent behind the 1846 Act was to build railways at a reduced cost, by using the existing routes of the canals they owned. In 1847, the Company agreed to the terms of a lease from the London and North Western Railway Company (LNWR), and so lost its independence after little more than a year, but continued to manage the canals under its control. 
By 1849, the plan to turn the canals into railways had been dropped. From the same year, the Company leased the Shropshire Canal, which ran from Doddington Wood where there was a junction with the Trench branch of the Shrewsbury Canal, to Coalport, on the River Severn; they eventually purchased it in 1854.
Because the canals were largely in areas which were served by railways owned by the Great Western Railway, the LNWR was more than happy for it to continue to expand, and it remained profitable until the start of the First World War, in 1914. The Shropshire Union acted as a carrier, as well as managing the canals; they owned 213 narrowboats in 1870, rising to 395 in 1889 and 450 in 1902.
Takeover by the LNWR.
In 1921, the company sold most of their boats to private carriers, and made economy measures in a bid to reduce the regular losses they were making. The LNWR bought out the company in 1922, but was taken over by the new London Midland and Scottish Railway Company immediately afterwards.
A period of steady decline set in, with reduced maintenance making it more difficult for boats to operate. A breach near Frankton Junction on the Montgomery Canal, in 1936, effectively closed that branch.
Finally, an Act of Abandonment was obtained in 1944, which resulted in the closure of 175 miles (280 km) of canal, leaving only the main line from Ellesmere to Autherley, and the branch to Middlewich. The branch to Llangollen was also retained, but only as a feeder to supply water to the canal. The other main sources of water were the Belvide Reservoir, near the A5 road at Brewood, and the outflow from the Barnhurst Sewage Treatment Works at Autherley Junction.
Shropshire Union Railways.
The Shropshire Union Company constructed and ran one of the few railways in England which were built by a canal company. The railway was the Stafford to Shrewsbury Line, via Newport and Wellington. The SUR&CC were solely responsible for the section from Stafford to Wellington; but the building and operation of the 10.5 mile (17 km) long Shrewsbury to Wellington section was shared with the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway. 
After the LNWR take over of the SUR&CC, the Shrewsbury and Wellington Railway was operated as a Joint railway by the Great Western Railway and the LNWR. 
The Stafford to Shrewbury Railway opened on 1 June 1849 and was 29.25 miles (47 km) in length. The London and North Western Railway leased the line from July 1847, before it was complete.
The Shropshire Union Railways today.
The Shrewsbury and Wellington section is still in use today by Arriva Trains Wales. 
Passenger services on the Stafford to Wellington section ended on 7 September 1964. Goods services ceased between Stafford and Newport on 1 August 1966 and this branch from Wellington was cut back to Donnington on 22 November 1969. 
In June 2009, the Association of Train Operating Companies, in its , called for funding for the reopening of the line from Stafford to Wellington as part of a £500m scheme to open 33 stations on 14 lines closed in the Beeching Axe, including seven new parkway stations.
The canals today.
As of 2007, the main line from Ellesmere Port to Autherley and the branch to Middlewich are still open; they are known as the Shropshire Union Canal. The branch to Llangollen has been reopened for navigation, having been promoted as suitable for pleasure boating from the mid-1950s, and has been re-branded as the Llangollen Canal.
The Montgomery Canal has been partially re-opened. The first section restored was at Welshpool, when the line of the canal was threatened by a bypass. This isolated section was reopened in 1969. The section southwards from Frankton Junction has been restored and opened progressively since 1987, with additions in 1996, 2003 and the latest stretch from Gronwen Wharf to Redwith Bridge in October 2007. There are ongoing efforts to complete the restoration of most of the remaining un-navigable sections.
A Trust has been set up to conserve the remains of the Shrewsbury Canal, with a view to reopening it in the longer term. A feasibility study and a detailed engineering report have been commissioned and completed, and conclude that there are no major engineering obstacles to a full reopening.
A minor section of the Shropshire Canal including the Hay Inclined Plane has been incorporated into the Ironbridge Gorge Museums.

</doc>
<doc id="2849934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849934" title="Other Lives">
Other Lives

Other Lives is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Plot.
London, 1851: while visiting the Great Exhibition, the Eighth Doctor, Charley and C'rizz are separated from the TARDIS and each other. While an assassination plot threatens to foment revolution and set up a republic, the travellers must reunite or be stranded forever.

</doc>
<doc id="2849950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849950" title="Tetrazzini">
Tetrazzini

Tetrazzini is an American dish often made with diced fowl or seafood, mushrooms, and almonds in a butter/cream and parmesan sauce flavored with wine or sherry and stock vegetables such as onions, celery, and carrots. It is often served hot over spaghetti or some similarly thin pasta, garnished with lemon or parsley, and topped with additional almonds and/or Parmesan cheese. Alternatively, a Tetrazzini can be prepared as a baked noodle casserole, sometimes with steps taken to give it a browned crust. Recipes for home cooking often use canned cream of mushroom soup or other cream soups.
The dish is named after Italian opera star, Luisa Tetrazzini. 
It is widely believed to have been invented ca. 1908–1910 by Ernest Arbogast, the chef at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco, California, where Tetrazzini was a long-time resident. However, other sources attribute the origin to the Knickerbocker Hotel in New York City. "Good Housekeeping" published the first reference to Turkey Tetrazzini in October, 1908, saying readers could find the dish of cooked turkey in a cream sauce, with spaghetti, grated cheese, sliced mushrooms, and bread crumbs on top, at "the restaurant on Forty-second street."
The chicken tetrazzini was made famous by chef Louis Paquet. 
There is no universal standard for the dish, so various parts are missing or substituted in various recipes. For example, another kind of nut, or different hard cheese. The name is often expanded to describe the specific meat used (e.g. Chicken Tetrazzini, or Tuna Tetrazzini).

</doc>
<doc id="2849958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849958" title="Samurai Rebellion">
Samurai Rebellion

Samurai Rebellion is a 1967 Japanese film directed by Masaki Kobayashi. Its original Japanese title is Jōi-uchi: Hairyō tsuma shimatsu (上意討ち 拝領妻始末), which translates approximately as "Rebellion: Result of the Wife Bestowed" or "Rebellion: Receive the Wife".
Plot.
In the Edo period of Japan, Isaburo Sasahara (Toshiro Mifune) is a vassal of the daimyo of the Aisu clan. Sasahara is the most skilled swordsman in the land, whose only rival in ability is his good friend Tatewaki Asano (Tatsuya Nakadai). Isaburo is in a loveless marriage with a shrew of a woman. One day one of the daimyo's advisors orders Isaburo's elder son Yogoro (Takeshi "Go" Kato) to marry the daimyo's ex-concubine, Ichi (Yoko Tsukasa), even though she is the mother to one of the daimyo's sons. With much trepidation, the family agrees. In time, Ichi and Yogoro find love and happiness in the marriage and a daughter Tomi is born.
In the meantime, the daimyo's primary heir dies, and he orders his ex-concubine to rejoin his household to care for their son and heir. The family refuses, but Ichi is tricked into the castle by Isaburo's younger son, and her husband and father-in-law are ordered to commit seppuku for their insolence and insubordination. Isaburo counters that he will comply only if the heads of the daimyo and his two primary advisors are brought to him first.
Isaburo sends his younger son and wife away and dismisses his household servants. With his elder son he prepares for battle, removing the tatami from his house to prevent slipping in the blood that will be spilled and removing the house's walls to allow for more space for combat.
The daimyo's steward, accompanied by a platoon of 20 samurai, brings Ichi to the Sasahara house and tries to force her at spear point to renounce her marriage to Yogoro and join the daimyo's household. The daimyo also "graciously" offers to commute Isaburo and Yogoro's sentences to permanent confinement in a shrine outside his castle. Not only does Ichi refuse to join his household, she throws herself onto a spear instead of abandoning her husband. Her husband goes to her side and is killed with her in his arms. His father, enraged, kills the steward's entire party, killing the steward last as he attempts to flee.
Burying the dead couple, Isaburo now decides to take his case with Tomi to the Shogun in Edo regardless of the consequences to his clan. Tatewaki, who is guarding the gate, cannot permit Isaburo to pass, and a climactic duel follows with his good friend. Isaburo is the victor, but assassins hidden nearby cut Isaburo down with musket fire. In his dying breath, he laments that no one will ever know the love story of Yogoro and Ichi, which had inspired him, an otherwise obedient vassal, to rise against his clan and lord. He beseeches Tomi to be a good and kind woman like her mother, and to seek out a fine and kind husband like her father. As Isaburo dies, we see Tomi's wet-nurse comforting the baby: she has been secretly following him. Presumably, the legend begins.
Music.
The music, by Tōru Takemitsu, is performed almost exclusively on traditional Japanese instruments, including "shakuhachi", "biwa", and "taiko".
Awards.
"Rebellion" won the Fipresci Prize (Masaki Kobayashi) at the Venice Film Festival in 1967. At the 1968 Kinema Junpo Award it won Best Director (Masaki Kobayashi), Best Film (Masaki Kobayashi), Best Screenplay (Shinobu Hashimoto). At the 1968 Mainichi Film Concours it won Best Film (Masaki Kobayashi).

</doc>
<doc id="2849962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849962" title="Celebrity bond">
Celebrity bond

A celebrity bond is commercial debt security issued by a holder of fame-based intellectual property rights to receive money upfront from investors on behalf of the bond issuer and their celebrity clients in exchange for assigning investors the right to collect future royalty monies to the works covered by the intellectual property rights listed in the bond. Typically backed by music properties, the investment vehicle was pioneered in 1997 by rock and roll investment banker David Pullman through his $55 million David Bowie bond deal.
Background.
Celebrity bonds are commercial debt securities issued by a holder of fame-based intellectual property rights to receive money upfront from investors on behalf of the bond issuer and their celebrity clients in exchange for assigning investors the right to collect future royalty monies to the works covered by the intellectual property rights listed in the bond. While a celebrity bond can cover any work of art whose future royalties are based in part on a widespread reputation of the creator of the work, celebrity bonds often are music-based celebrity bonds. For a music-based celebrity bond, a music celebrity bond issuer seeks to put together intellectual property rights of one or various artists to "songs that have stood the test of time," typically "top-40 greatest hits across genres from jazz to rap to rhythm and blues." In addition to getting money upfront, artists additionally retain ownership of their work and do not have to pay tax on what the IRS considers a loan, since yet-to-be received royalties are re-characterized by the bond agreement as loan interest and principal payments. The artists also passes on the risk to investors that the works backing up the celebrity bond will lose their appeal, where the investors are in a better position than the artist to assess such a risk.
Bowie Bonds.
Bowie Bonds are asset-backed securities of current and future revenues of the 25 albums (287 songs) that David Bowie recorded before 1990. Bowie Bonds were pioneered in 1997 by rock and roll investment banker David Pullman. Issued in 1997, the bonds were bought for US$55 million by the Prudential Insurance Company of America. The bonds paid an interest rate of 7.9% and had an average life of ten years, a higher rate of return than a 10-year Treasury note (at the time, 6.37%). Royalties from the 25 albums generated the cash flow that secured the bonds' interest payments. Prudential also received guarantees from Bowie's label, EMI Records, which had recently signed a $30m deal with Bowie. By forfeiting ten years worth of royalties, David Bowie was able to receive a payment of US$55 million up front. Bowie used this income to buy songs owned by his former manager. Bowie's combined catalog of albums covered by this agreement sold more than 1 million copies annually at the time of the agreement. However, by March 2004, Moody's Investors Service lowered the bonds from an A3 rating (the seventh highest rating) to Baa3, one notch above junk status. The downgrade was prompted by lower-than-expected revenue "due to weakness in sales for recorded music" and that an unnamed company guaranteed the issue.
Other artist rights securitization.
The Bowie Bond issuance was perhaps the first instance of intellectual property rights securitization, a financial practice of pooling various types of contractual debt such as residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, auto loans or credit card debt obligations and selling said consolidated debt as bonds, pass-through securities, or Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMOs), to various investors. The securitization of the collections of other artists, such as James Brown, Ashford & Simpson and the Isley Brothers, later followed.
In 1998, Pullman raised $30 million for Motown songwriting team Holland–Dozier–Holland, whose hits include "Baby I Need Your Loving" (1964) and "Stop in the Name of Love" (1965). Pullman then began putting together a package of works of various songwriters to sell them in a single deal rather than pitching the songs of a single artist. In September 1998, Pullman signed musician Jake Hooker (musician) to a celebrity bond. Hooker had co-written the 1982 Joan Jett hit song "I Love Rock 'n' Roll". A month later in October, Pullman added to that same bond Duane Hitchings, a songwriter behind popular songs of diverse artists such as Rod Stewart, Tupac Shakur, and Kim Carnes.
The 2005 success of Apple's iTunes and other legal online music retailers has led to a renewed interest in celebrity bonds. However, a 2011 offering by Goldman Sachs for SESAC bonds based on, among others, Bob Dylan and Neil Diamond, was delayed and ultimately canceled due to lack of investor interest.
Efforts of competitors in the small celebrity bond market often move towards overlapping. In the late 1990s, Pullman unsuccessfully sued former business partners, who began engaging in the royalty bond business, for misappropriated what Pullman believed was his trade secrets in this area. Also, as of 2012, Pullman and artist quick-cash competitor Parviz Omidvar have filed at least 11 lawsuits and countersuits against one another related to songwriter clients, even though Pullman's efforts mostly were towards complex financial deals and Omidvar's efforts have been more akin to a pawnbroker that offers much needed secured loans to artists, with items of the artist's intellectual property used as collateral and unwritten expectation that the commercial note be paid off within weeks.
As of 2012, Pullman himself assumes the risk for the stream of future royalties by purchasing royalties outright from artists who are looking to sell instead of packaging them for others to buy.

</doc>
<doc id="2849964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849964" title="Taltos">
Taltos

Taltos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2849977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849977" title="Malcolm Allison">
Malcolm Allison

Malcolm Alexander Allison (5 September 1927 – 14 October 2010) was an English football player and manager. Nicknamed "Big Mal", he was one of English football's most flamboyant and intriguing characters because of his panache, fedora and cigar, controversies off the pitch and outspoken nature.
Allison's managerial potential become apparent while in his youth at West Ham United, where he became a reliable defender and acted as a mentor to the younger players including future England World Cup winning captain Bobby Moore. His playing career was cut short in 1958 when he had to have a lung removed because of tuberculosis.
As a coach he is remembered for assisting manager Joe Mercer in the transformation of the team he supported as a young boy - Manchester City. And during the 1960s and early 70s, he won seven trophies in seven years with Joe Mercer. After Mercer left, he went on to manage the club on two occasions whilst offering his managerial services for a third time in 1989. He went on to manage several more English sides, as well as three in Portugal and the Kuwait national team.
Early life.
Son of an electrical engineer, Allison was born in Dartford in September 1927. Allison was educated at state schools rather than grammar school after deliberately failing the entry exam so he could play football, not rugby.
Playing career.
He started his career with Charlton Athletic, however he struggled to make a difference on the pitch, playing just twice in 6 years. Matters off the pitch led to his transfer, after letting club coaches know that their training methods - which was normally nothing more than running up and down the terracing, were outdated.
Allison joined West Ham United in February 1951, after seven seasons at Charlton Athletic. Here he gained experience not only as a footballer but also as a future coach, and often stayed behind after training with anyone interested in football to discuss and devise new tactics.
A promising career as a centre-half was ended prematurely by a bout of tuberculosis as he fell ill after a game against Sheffield United on 16 September 1957 and had a lung removed in hospital. This turned out to be his last senior game for West Ham, and although he battled on in their reserve team he struggled with the inability to achieve full fitness. For a period he left football altogether, and worked first as a car salesman, then as a professional gambler and nightclub owner. He came back to football to play a final season for non-league Romford in 1963.
Management career.
Allison's first taste of coaching was at West Ham, where – under Ted Fenton – he took charge of coaching sessions and acted as mentor to a young Bobby Moore and was a leading figure in the establishment of the academy principles at the club.
After gaining further experience of coaching at Cambridge University, Allison moved into management at non-league Bath City. He replaced the veteran Bob Hewson, who had retired. One of his first moves was to double the number of training sessions. The players, who held full-time jobs outside football, were required to train four times every week. Allison's first season as a manager was a moderate success; he led the club to a third-place finish in the league, and to a third round F.A.Cup tie with First Division Bolton Wanderers. City were leading 1–0 at Twerton Park until a late equaliser from the penalty spot. They lost the replay 3–0.
At the end of the English season Allison accepted an offer to coach in North America over the summer, with Toronto City. After a matter of weeks he was back in England. His success at Bath had alerted a number of Football League clubs, and in May 1964 he joined Plymouth Argyle, where he had been offered a £3,000 per annum salary. He soon returned to Bath to sign full-back Tony Book. However, Allison knew the Argyle board would be reluctant to permit the purchase of a player with no League experience, who was approaching his thirtieth birthday. Allison encouraged Book to doctor his birth certificate, making him appear two years younger.
Manchester City.
Joe Mercer was named Manchester City manager in July 1965. As ill health had hindered him in his previous job as manager of Aston Villa, Mercer sought a younger, energetic man to be his assistant. He offered the position to Allison, who he knew from coaching courses at Lilleshall. Allison was due to meet Raich Carter to discuss a position at Middlesbrough, but Mercer was able to arrange a meeting the day before, and persuaded Allison to accept his offer.
The Mercer-Allison era is believed to be strongest in Manchester City's history – they were surprise winners of the First Division in 1967–68 against the odds, some at long 200-1 for City to win the league at the start of the season. In the following seasons they won the 1969 FA Cup, the 1970 League Cup and Cup Winners' Cup, with a team including Colin Bell, Mike Summerbee and Francis Lee. Allison turned down an offer to manage Juventus on the understanding that Mercer would move aside and let him become full-time Manchester City manager – however, Mercer steadfastly refused to stand down. Their relationship disintegrated and eventually Allison won the power struggle – Mercer was sidelined and quit to take over at Coventry City in the summer of 1972. Allison was left in sole charge at City, but the team struggled, the fans became hostile, and in March 1973 he resigned.
Crystal Palace.
Allison was certainly one of the most flamboyant characters in Crystal Palace's history and his time at Selhurst Park was a rollercoaster ride for Palace supporters.
On 31 March 1973 Malcolm was appointed Palace manager after previously holding the role at
Bath City, Plymouth Argyle and Manchester City where he helped the club to top domestic honours along with Joe Mercer. Despite his arrival the Eagles were relegated, losing five out of their last seven games.
Allison immediately instigated a huge stylistic shift both on and off the field, raising Palace's profile with his charismatic media appearances, rebranding the club’s rather homely nickname ‘The Glaziers’ as ‘The Eagles’, and ending the club’s 68-year association with claret-and-blue kits. Palace’s highly recognisable red-and-blue striped home kit was introduced, and later, the all-white strip with red and blue sash, changes which still reflect in the character of the club today.
The following season, 1974, was even more disastrous because of a second successive relegation.
Allison completely restructured the side in an attempt to halt the club's decline and he angered many fans with his decision to replace favourite John Jackson in the Palace goal. Allison's larger than life image was a mixed blessing in Division Three for it raised hopes and aspirations of supporters while also serving to motivate other clubs when they visited SE25. Palace defender Jim Cannon said: "Malcolm Allison put Palace on the map. No other man could single-handedly take a club from the First Division to the Third Division and still become an instant hero".
However 1975–76 was the most successful season for Allison at Selhurst Park as he spurred his side on to an FA Cup semi-final appearance. Brilliant victories against higher league opposition in the shape of Leeds United, Chelsea and Sunderland led to the club's first FA Cup semi-final appearance but unfortunately eventual winners Southampton proved too strong in the match which was played at Stamford Bridge. The cup run was also notable for the first appearance of Allison's trademark fedora hat during a third round game at Scarborough and his use of the sweeper system in football which, at the time, was a relatively new idea.
With the team failing to reach Wembley and win promotion (despite building up a big lead in the league table in the early part of the season) Allison resigned in May 1976. He returned to the club in 1980–81 for a two-month period in a doomed attempt to avoid relegation from the top flight.
Return to Manchester City.
In 1979, Allison was offered the chance to return to Manchester City by then-chairman Peter Swales. City's only success since Allison left in 1972 was League Cup victory in 1976 although the club had been doing reasonably well under long-term manager Tony Book, finishing 2nd in the league in 1976 and runners-up in the League Cup in 1974.
Allison was given a sizeable war chest to build his team - this time without Joe Mercer. Allison controversially sold crowd favourites such as Peter Barnes and Gary Owen and replaced them with players such as Michael Robinson and Steve Daley - who became the British transfer record for £1,450,000m.
Daley turned out to be a flop, and Allison always claimed that he had agreed a much lower fee with the then Wolves manager for Daley. Allison later claimed Swales intervened on a chairman to chairman basis and secured the transfer instantly but at a much higher, possibly rip-off price. Allison later admitted on his first meeting with chairman Swales: """I looked at him, saw the comb-over, the England blazer and the suede shoes and thought 'this isn't going to work"". Indeed it didn't and Allison left a year later in 1980 with City struggling in the league, nor did Allison do himself any favours by getting involved in a verbal scrap with his successor and fellow maverick manager, John Bond.
Overseas.
Allison also managed overseas, in Turkey with Galatasaray (1976–1977), and in Portugal with Sporting. With the Lisbon club he won the league championship and the Portuguese Cup in 1981-1982. That would be the only Championship title won by Sporting until the 1999–2000 season, which meant that Allison is fondly remembered by Sporting fans.
Personality.
Allison was remembered as one of the most exuberant characters in football and some believed his character made him ""ahead of his time"". His reputation as an unpredictable character was certainly well known by his manager at Manchester City Joe Mercer. When Mercer was stopped by police in his car for erratic driving in the early hours of the morning after leaving a club function at Maine Road, upon winding down his window Mercer quipped to the police officer: ""OK chaps, what's Malcolm done now?""
Whilst at City Allison enjoyed winding up rivals, Manchester United. At a reception, he called Matt Busby ""Matt Baby"" and when City beat United 4-1 in January 1970 he walked over to the Stretford End and held four fingers aloft to signify the margin of City's victory. Allison later revealed he had hired a steeplejack to lower the flag on top of Old Trafford's main stand to half-mast.
Controversies.
Allison's outspoken nature and womanising were of great interest to the tabloids and it was reputed that Allison had relationships with Christine Keeler of the Profumo scandal, singer Dorothy Squires and two Miss UKs. And in 1976, Allison received a Football Association disrepute charge after a News of the World photograph appeared showing him in the Crystal Palace players' bath with porn star Fiona Richmond whom he had invited to a training session. Then Crystal Palace player, Terry Venables later said of the incident, ""I was in the bath with all the players and we heard the whisper that she was coming down the corridor." So far, so good. "We all leapt out and hid, because we knew there'd be photos and that wouldn't go down too well. Malcolm and Fiona dropped everything and got in the bath.""
After football.
In 2001 it was revealed by his son that Allison was suffering from alcoholism. In 2009 it was reported that Allison was suffering from dementia.
In January 2007 Crystal Palace fans organised a tribute to Allison, which they named 'Fedora Day'. Fans set up a campaign on www.cpfc.org, an unofficial forum dedicated to the club, to mark the 31st anniversary of the famous FA Cup run which Allison masterminded. The date chosen was that of the game against Preston North End in the 4th Round of the FA Cup on 27 January 2007. Fans sporting Allison's favoured Fedoras smoked cigars and drank champagne while cheering on their side. This generated major national press coverage. Crystal Palace – managed by Peter Taylor, a star of the 1976 side – were unable to match their predecessors and were knocked out of the cup 2–0.
Allison died in a nursing home on 14 October 2010 at the age of 83.
He had six children.
His funeral took place on 27 October and the cortege passed the City of Manchester Stadium on its way to a service at the Southern Cemetery.
Around 300 people had gathered to pay their respects and a round of applause from the assembled crowd greeted the arrival of the cars. A sky-blue Manchester City scarf was draped over his coffin and next to it was an ice bucket containing a bottle of Moet et Chandon champagne.
Legacy.
Allison was known as a great innovator in revolutionising training methods in English football.

</doc>
<doc id="2849987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849987" title="European ground squirrel">
European ground squirrel

The European ground squirrel ("Spermophilus citellus"), also known as the European souslik, is a species from the squirrel family Sciuridae. It and the speckled ground squirrel ("Spermophilus suslicus") are the only European representatives of the genus "Spermophilus". Like all squirrels, it is a member of the rodent order. It is to be found throughout eastern Europe from southern Ukraine, to Asia Minor, Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Serbia, Greece, Romania, Bulgaria, Macedonia and north as far as Poland but the range is divided in two parts by the Carpathian Mountains.
The European ground squirrel grows to a length of approximately and a weight of approximately . It is a diurnal animal, living in colonies of individual burrows in pastures or grassy embankments. The squirrels emerge during the day to feed upon seeds, plant shoots and roots or flightless invertebrates. The colonies maintain sentinels who whistle at the sight of a predator, bringing the pack scurrying back to safety.
Breeding takes place in early summer when a single litter of five to eight young is borne. The European ground squirrel hibernates between autumn and March, the length of time depending on the climate. In preparation they will build up reserves of brown fat during the late summer.
Description.
The European ground squirrel is about the size of a brown rat, with an adult measuring and a weight of . It has a slender build with a short bushy tail. The short dense fur is yellowish-grey, tinged with red, with a few indistinct pale and dark spots on the back. The underside is pale with a sandy-coloured abdomen. The large dark eyes are placed high on the head and the small, rounded ears are hidden in the fur. The dental formula is 1/1, 0/0, 2/1, 3/3. The legs are powerful with sharp claws well adapted for digging. Males are slightly larger than females otherwise they look alike.
The European ground squirrel has a shrill alarm call that will cause all other individuals in the vicinity to dive for cover. It also makes various soft chirruping and growling noises.
The European ground squirrel could be confused with the speckled ground squirrel which occurs in Poland (Lublin Voivodeship), Romania, Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, but that species has dark brown fur spotted with white and a thin tail and lives in areas with coarser vegetation.
Distribution and habitat.
The European ground squirrel is endemic to central and southeastern Europe where its range is divided by the Carpathian Mountains. Its range includes land at altitudes of up to in southern Ukraine, Asia Minor, Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Greece, Romania, Bulgaria, Macedonia and north as far as Poland. It has become locally extinct in Germany and Poland but was reintroduced successfully into the wild in Poland in 2005. Some of the animals were sourced from the Budapest Ferenc Liszt International Airport.
The European ground squirrel has very specific habitat requirements. It needs short turf in order to dig its tunnel system. It finds this on the steppes and in pasture, in dry banks, on sports fields, parks and lawns. These conditions are lost when changes in agricultural practice convert grassland into arable land and forest, or grazing ceases and the grass grows coarse and scrubland develops. Other places with short vegetation that sometimes provides suitable habitat are railway embankments and road cuttings and verges.
Behaviour.
The European ground squirrel is a colonial animal and is mainly diurnal. It excavates a branching system of tunnels up to deep with several entrances. At other places in the home range it digs unbranched bolt holes in which to hide if danger threatens. If alarmed it emits a piercing whistle and when it is out in the open it often sits upright and looks around for predators. These include the weasel, fox, domestic cat and some species of birds of prey. It feeds on grasses, other plants, flowers, seeds, cultivated crops, insects and occasionally the eggs of ground nesting birds or their chicks. A study in Bulgaria found that the squirrel spent about eleven hours a day outside its burrow in mid-summer but by early autumn this has reduced to seven hours. Rather over half of the day was spent foraging but other activities observed included exploration, running, sitting, grooming, digging, scent marking and vigilance. During the winter it stops up the entrances to its burrow and hibernates in a nest of dry vegetation. Each individual occupies a separate chamber and during this period, the body temperature drops to 2.0°C (36°F), and the heart rate slows to a few beats per minute. During hibernation, the squirrel may wake up briefly for a few days and uses up the fat reserves accumulated during the summer, consuming about 90% of the fat stored in the body. In Bulgaria hibernation lasts from September to March.
Breeding.
After emerging from hibernation in the spring, mating takes place during April or May. The gestation period is about twenty six days and five to eight young are born in a chamber deep in the burrow. They are naked and blind and their eyes open at about 4 weeks old. The female feeds them for six weeks and soon after that they are ready to leave the burrow. They reach maturity the following spring and may live for eight to ten years. 
Status.
The European ground squirrel is listed as being "Vulnerable" by the IUCN in its Red List of Threatened Species. This is because the population trend is downward and it is believed that, over the last ten years, the population has diminished by more than 30%. The southern and the northwestern and northern parts of the range are most seriously affected. The main threats are the conversion of grassland and pasture to cultivated fields or to forestry, and the abandonment of grassland and its reversion to unsuitable tall grass meadows and bushy habitats that do not suit the animal. Urbanization and road building have sometimes fragmented communities and prevented recolonisation of empty sites. 

</doc>
<doc id="2849988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849988" title="Ten year series">
Ten year series

"Ten year series (TYS)" is a colloquial term used by Singaporeans, in particular students, to refer to official compilation books of examination papers in past years for the General Certificate of Education (GCE) Normal Level (N-level), Ordinary Level (O-level) and Advanced Level (A-level), approved by the Ministry of Education and University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES). 
In Singapore schools, these books are known to be used extensively by teachers and students both inside and outside the classrooms, in preparation for similar questions that may be asked in future examinations. Most students review these past examination papers in order to seek to reveal applications of concepts as well as encounter the forms of various new concepts which would be covered in examinations but not explicitly in the syllabus.
Critics of the education system claim this phenomenon to be signs of rote learning, that goes against the emphasis for creative thinking by the government in recent years. 
Until 2007 the term is not always truly literal since some of these books have compilations containing papers from more than two decades worth of examinations, which means that students will thus often be doing practice papers that are set even before they were born. The Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) has since implemented a new rule limited the publication of papers to the past ten years, which resulting in a spike of demand for older ten-year series. Ten-year series should not be confused with assessment books (books containing questions on specific subjects for students to practise), which serve as an additional practice, or as a form of enrichment. The latter are privately authored and sold in bookstores.

</doc>
<doc id="2849998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2849998" title="P. J. Axelsson">
P. J. Axelsson

Anders Per-Johan Axelsson (born 26 February 1975), commonly abbreviated to P. J. Axelsson, is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey forward, who most recently played with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Elitserien. His nickname in Sweden is "Pebben". He was the longest-tenured member of the NHL's Boston Bruins at the time of his departure from North American play in 2009, having been with the Boston team from 1997–2009.
Axelsson played as a left winger. Although he never gained the reputation of a premier goal scorer, Axelsson's gritty, unrelenting attitude as a solid, defensive-minded forward, and his ability to make smart plays on the ice, made him a longtime fan favourite of the Boston Bruins, Frölunda HC, and the Swedish national team, Tre Kronor.
Playing career.
Axelsson played four seasons for his hometown team, Frölunda HC, in the Swedish Elitserien before being drafted 177th overall in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft by the Boston Bruins.
Axelsson played all 82 games in his rookie season with the Bruins, helping them to reach the playoffs after the Bruins had missed out the previous season. He was one of the Bruins' key skill players during his career with them.
During the 2004–05 NHL lockout Axelsson played for Frölunda HC in Sweden and helped the team become the champion of Elitserien. After the lockout, he returned to the United States to rejoin the Bruins. He became an Olympic champion with Sweden at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
On 23 March 2006, he signed a three-year extension to his contract with the Boston Bruins.
On 21 February 2008, Axelsson played his 700th NHL game, in Sunrise, Florida, a 5–4 shootout win over the Florida Panthers.
After helping the Bruins to the Eastern Conference semifinals during the 2008–09 NHL season, Axelsson signed a four-year contract with Frölunda HC on 27 July 2009. Upon his return, he was named as one of two alternate captains for the team.
On 10 April 2013, he announced his retirement from professional hockey. Axelsson was subsequently hired by the Bruins as a European amateur scout.
Off the ice.
Axelsson is married and has two children, a daughter named Wilma and a son named Wilson. In his spare time he enjoys golf and football.

</doc>
<doc id="2850005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850005" title="Presunto">
Presunto

Presunto (, ) is the name given to dry-cured ham from Portugal, similar to Spanish "jamón" or Italian "prosciutto crudo". 
Among the wide variety of "presuntos" in Portugal, the most famous are "presunto" from Chaves, produced in the north of Portugal, and that from the Alentejo, in the south, made from local Alentejano pigs.
A wet-cured, light pink ham called "fiambre" ( or ) is more common in everyday meals. In Brazil, nevertheless, hams in general are called "presuntos" altogether (except by people used to the Portuguese terminology, usually in areas with heavy Portuguese immigration such as Rio de Janeiro and Florianópolis), and this is the name used in the market for common hams. Brazilians generally eat dry-cured hams in or near Christian festivities (practice also adopted for roasted entire aves such as turkey, and cod), and it is commercially called "tender" (), although the common populace usually call it "presunto" as well.
Several varieties of "presunto" are protected by European law with geographical indications. 
Etymology.
The word is from Vulgar Latin "persunctus", and is unrelated to identical words in Italian and Spanish (see wikt:presunto).
"Presunto" PDO and IGP.
In March 2014, there were six varieties of "presunto" protected by European law registed with protected designation of origin:

</doc>
<doc id="2850016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850016" title="Agua Azul">
Agua Azul

The Cataratas de Agua Azul (Spanish for "Blue-water Falls") are found in the Mexican state of Chiapas. They are located in the Municipality of Tumbalá, 69 kilometers from Palenque by the road that leads towards San Cristóbal de las Casas.
This waterfall consists of many cataracts following one after another as can be seen in the first photo in the picture gallery, taken from near the top of the sequence of cascades. The larger cataracts may be as high as 6 meters (20 feet) or so. The one pictured to the right is next to the bottom of the sequence.
The water is as blue as it looks in the pictures, and has a high mineral content. Where it falls on rocks or fallen trees it encases them in a thick shell-like coating of limestone. This can be seen clearly in one of the minor falls in one of the pictures in the gallery below, where the part of a tree that leans against the waterfall is heavily coated while the part further away is not coated. Some fully coated log shapes can also be seen inside the fall in that same picture, as well as coating on the rocks.
During much of the distance the water descends in two streams, with small islands in the middle. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850017" title="Renée Rienne">
Renée Rienne

Renée Rienne (real name Renée Goursaud, alias "Le Corbeau", "The Raven") is a fictional character in the spy-fi television series "Alias". Played by Élodie Bouchez, she was introduced as a new character for the fifth season. Bouchez appears in the opening credit sequence during the first half of the fifth season; beginning with "S.O.S." Bouchez and her character were removed from the opening and listed as a special guest star.
Character biography.
Rienne is number eight on the CIA's most wanted list. She worked secretly with Michael Vaughn for seven years. When she first approached Vaughn, she told him that his father Bill worked with her father on a project: Prophet Five. Renee has been responsible for numerous crimes, including the assassination of a Turkish interior minister, the deaths of three CIA agents in Serbia, an attack on a CIA listening post in Turkey, the theft of a cryogenic container from the Department of Special Research, and the infiltration of a US Army facility in Frankfurt, Germany.
In "Out of the Box" some details of her past are revealed. She was frequently ill as a child. Her father, Luc Goursaud, was a test subject of Prophet Five until learning something which frightened him. He took Rienne and fled, but was later taken from Rienne as she watched from hiding. She swore to take revenge on Prophet Five.
Many years later, Rienne stole a cryogenic container believing it contained her father. When opened, it instead disgorged Prophet Five researcher Doctor Aldo Desantis, who had worked with Renée's father. Desantis has been transformed, possibly by Project Helix technology, into a duplicate of Luc Goursaud. Sydney exposed him as an impostor and Desantis was extracted by Gordon Dean.
Rienne continued to work unofficially with APO. In the episode "The Horizon," she assisted Jack Bristow (albeit unsuccessfully) in trying to rescue Sydney from her Prophet Five kidnappers. During this mission, she executed Desantis, who was involved in the kidnapping, on the orders of Jack. In the episode "Maternal Instinct," she worked with Marcus Dixon to obtain information regarding a classified SD-6 mission.
In the episode "30 Seconds," Sydney offered her a position at APO, but Renée refused because she preferred to work according to her own schedule and she trusted very few people. She is later killed by Anna Espinosa, who altered her appearance and was posing as Sydney Bristow.
A subsequent autopsy of Renée recovered an incomplete microchip, hidden in her body for at least thirty years. It was marked with the name "Andre Micheaux," Vaughn's real name. The other half, hidden inside Vaughn, was marked "Renée Goursaud," Renée Rienne's real name. The completed microchip revealed the location of a nuclear fallout shelter containing research on Prophet Five compiled by Bill Vaughn and Luc Goursaud.

</doc>
<doc id="2850028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850028" title="Joe Dugan">
Joe Dugan

Joseph Anthony (Joe) Dugan (May 12, 1897 – July 7, 1982), was an American professional baseball player. Nicknamed "Jumping Joe", he played in Major League Baseball as a shortstop and third baseman from 1917 through 1931. Dugan played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1917–22), Boston Red Sox (1922), New York Yankees (1922–28), Boston Braves (1929) and Detroit Tigers (1931). He was considered one of the best defensive third basemen of his era.
Baseball career.
Born in Mahanoy City, Pennsylvania, Dugan went directly from the College of the Holy Cross to the major leagues. He made his major league debut with Connie Mack's Philadelphia Athletics on July 5, 1917. Dugan struggled as a hitter his first two years, batting a combined .195, but in 1919 he batted .271, then the next year hit .322. By , Dugan was being cited as the best third baseman in the major leagues. He was moved permanently to third base in 1921, and would be a steady .280-.300 hitter as well as a fine defensive third baseman for the rest of his career. 
It was in his first years in baseball that Dugan acquired the nickname of "Jumping", a nickname bestowed on him since he would often take unauthorized leaves from the team. After committing a few errors, he was booed by the Philadelphia fans. Sensitive and temperamental, he would leave the team until Mack was able to coax him back. Word of his departure spread around the league and, he would often be taunted by fans with the cry,"I want to go home!"
In 1922, Dugan was traded by the Athletics to the Boston Red Sox. On July 23, 1922 he was sent by the Red Sox to the New York Yankees in a controversial deal. Red Sox owner Harry Frazee had been unloading his Red Sox players almost haphazardly, and Dugan's acquisition by the Yankees helped them edge out the St. Louis Browns in a tight pennant race. Because Dugan's trade occurred in the latter part of the season, and worried that teams might try to buy their way to a pennant during the season, major league baseball would later move up its trading deadline to June 15. 
Dugan had his most productive season in 1923, when he hit .283, scored 111 runs and led the league's third basemen in fielding percentage to help the Yankees win their first world championship. In a United Press International article, Dugan was proclaimed the hero of the 1923 World Series for his spectacular defensive performance as well as his timely hitting, which produced five runs batted in. Dugan posted a .302 batting average in 1924 and, in a year-end poll of major league baseball players, he was a near-unanimous selection as the best third baseman in the American League. 
Yankees manager Miller Huggins named Dugan as his leadoff hitter at the beginning of the 1925 season. In August, he suffered a severely wrenched knee and had to miss the rest of the season. He posted a .292 batting average for the season and once again led American League third basemen in fielding percentage. Dugan was the starting third baseman on the 1927 Yankees, a team considered by many the greatest baseball team of all time, although by this time Dugan was past his prime as injuries began to take their toll. In August 1928, Huggins replaced Dugan at third base with Mike Gazella in an effort to get more offense from the lineup. After appearing in 94 games, the Yankees gave Dugan his unconditional release in December of that year.
He signed a contract to play for the Boston Braves in 1929 and finished the season with a .304 batting average in 60 games. Dugan did not play in but returned to play for the Detroit Tigers as a utility player in 1931. After playing in eight games, he was released on May 26.
Career statistics.
In a 14-year major league career, Dugan played in 1,447 games, accumulating 1,516 hits in 5,410 at bats for a .280 career batting average along with 42 home runs, 571 runs batted in and a .317 on-base percentage. He finished his career with a .957 fielding percentage as a third baseman. Dugan played in five World Series with the Yankees, playing in 25 series games and batting .267 (24-for-90).
After his playing career, Dugan briefly managed in the minor leagues. He died in Norwood, Massachusetts, at age 85.

</doc>
<doc id="2850036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850036" title="List of places in Cardiff">
List of places in Cardiff

This is a listing of places in Cardiff, county and capital city of Wales.
Administrative divisions.
Electoral wards.
This is a list of electoral wards covered by Cardiff City Council:
City Centre.
The city centre is Cardiff's main shopping area, the sixth largest in the UK. It is also the location of historical and cultural attractions such as:
Civic Centre.
The Civic Centre crafted out of white Portland stone and location of much of:
Cardiff Bay.
Formerly called Tiger Bay, this was where the world's first million-pound cheque was signed and was the centre of the global coal industry in the 19th and 20th centuries. In the 1980s the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation was set up to redevelop the area and has since been transformed into a high profile area of living, shopping, dining and culture attractions, such as:
Cardiff International Sports Village.
The International Sports Village is a work in progress in Cardiff, with additional sporting and retail sites being added every so often.

</doc>
<doc id="2850048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850048" title="Sessile drop technique">
Sessile drop technique

The Sessile Drop Technique is a method used for the characterization of solid surface energies, and in some cases, aspects of liquid surface energies. The main premise of the method is that by placing a droplet of liquid with a known surface energy, the shape of the drop, specifically the contact angle, and the known surface energy of the liquid are the parameters which can be used to calculate the surface energy of the solid sample. The liquid used for such experiments is referred to as the probe liquid, and the use of several different probe liquids is required.
Probe liquid.
The surface energy is measured in units of Joules per area, which is equivalent in the case of liquids to surface tension, measured in newtons per meter. The overall surface tension/energy of a liquid can be acquired through various methods using a tensiometer or using the pendent drop technique and Maximum bubble pressure method.
The interface tension at the interface of the probe liquid and the solid surface can additionally be viewed as being the result of different types of intermolecular forces. As such, surface energies can be subdivided according to the various interactions that cause them, such as the surface energy due to dispersive (van der Waals) forces, hydrogen bonding, polar interactions, acid/base interactions, etc. It is often useful for the sessile drop technique to use liquids that are known to be incapable of some of those interactions (see table 1). For example, the surface tension of all straight alkanes is said to be entirely dispersive, and all of the other components are zero. This is algebraically useful, as it eliminates a variable in certain cases, and makes these liquids essential testing materials.
The overall surface energy, both for a solid and a liquid, is assumed traditionally to simply be the sum of the components considered. For example, the equation describing the subdivision of surface energy into the contributions of dispersive interactions and polar interactions would be:
formula_1S = formula_1SD + formula_1SP
formula_1L = formula_1LD + formula_1LP
Where formula_1S is the total surface energy of the solid, formula_1SD and formula_1SP are respectively the dispersive and polar components of the solid surface energy, 
formula_1L is the total surface tension/surface energy of the liquid, and 
formula_1LD and formula_1LP are respectively the dispersive and polar components of the surface tension.
In addition to the tensiometer and pendant drop techniques, the sessile drop technique can be used in some cases to separate the known total surface energy of a liquid into its components. This is done by reversing the above idea with the introduction of a reference solid surface that is assumed to be incapable of polar interactions, such as Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE).
Contact angle.
The contact angle is defined as the angle made by the intersection of the liquid/solid interface and the liquid/air interface. It can be alternately described as the angle between solid sample’s surface and the tangent of the droplet’s ovate shape at the edge of the droplet. A high contact angle indicates a low solid surface energy or chemical affinity. This is also referred to as a low degree of wetting. A low contact angle indicates a high solid surface energy or chemical affinity, and a high or sometimes complete degree of wetting. For example, a contact angle of zero degrees will occur when the droplet has turned into a flat puddle; this is called complete wetting.
Measuring contact angle.
Goniometer method.
The simplest way of measuring the contact angle is with a goniometer, which allows the user to measure the contact angle visually. The droplet is deposited by a syringe pointed vertically down onto the sample surface, and a high resolution camera captures the image, which can then be analyzed either by eye (with a protractor) or using image analysis software. The size of the droplet can be increased gradually so that it grows proportionally, and the contact angle remains congruent. By taking pictures incrementally as the droplet grows, the user can acquire a set of data to get a good average. If necessary, the receding contact angle can also be measured by depositing a droplet via syringe and recording images of the droplet being gradually sucked back up.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The advantage of this method, aside from its relatively straightforward nature, is the fact that with a large enough solid surface, multiple droplets can be deposited in various locations on the sample to determine heterogeneity. The reproducibility of particular values of the contact angle will reflect the heterogeneity of the surface’s energy properties. Conversely, the disadvantage is that if the sample is only large enough for one droplet, then it will be difficult to determine heterogeneity, or consequently to assume homogeneity. This is particularly true because conventional, commercially available goniometers do not swivel the camera/backlight set up relative to the stage, and thus can only show the contact angle at two points: the right and the left edge of the droplet. In addition to this, this measurement is hampered by its inherent subjectivity, as the placement of the lines is determined either by the user looking at the pictures or by the image analysis software’s definition of the lines.
Wilhelmy method.
An alternative method for measuring the contact angle is the Wilhelmy method, which employs a sensitive force meter of some sort to measure a force that can be translated into a value of the contact angle. In this method, a small plate-shaped sample of the solid in question, attached to the arm of a force meter, is vertically dipped into a pool of the probe liquid (in actuality, the design of a stationary force meter would have the liquid being brought up, rather than the sample being brought down), and the force exerted on the sample by the liquid is measured by the force meter. This force is related to the contact angle by the following equation:
formula_13
Where F is the total force measured by the force meter, Fb is the force of buoyancy due to the solid sample displacing the liquid, I is the wetted length, and sigma is the known surface tension of the liquid.
Advantages and disadvantages.
The advantage of this method is that it is fairly objective and the measurement yields data which is inherently averaged over the wetted length. Although this does not help determine heterogeneity, it does automatically give a more accurate average value. Its disadvantages, aside from being more complicated than the goniometer method, include the fact that sample of an appropriate size must be produced with a uniform cross section in the submersion direction, and the wetted length must be measured with some precision. In addition, this method is only appropriate if both sides of the sample are identical, otherwise the measured data will be a result of two completely different interactions.
Strictly speaking, this is not a sessile drop technique, as we are using a small submerging pool, rather than a droplet. However, the calculations described in the following sections, which were derived for the relation of the sessile drop contact angle to the surface energy, apply just as well.
Determining Surface Energy.
While surface energy is conventionally defined as the work required to build a unit of area of a given surface, when it comes to its measurement by the sessile drop technique, the surface energy is not quite as well defined. The values obtained through the sessile drop technique depend not only on the solid sample in question, but equally on the properties of the probe liquid being used, as well as the particular theory relating the parameters mathematically to one another.
There are numerous such theories developed by various researchers. These methods differ in several regards, such as derivation and convention, but most importantly they differ in the number of components or parameters which they are equipped to analyze. The simpler methods containing fewer components simplify the system by lumping surface energy into one number, while more rigorous methods with more components are derived to distinguish between various components of the surface energy. Again, the total surface energy of solids and liquids depends on different types of molecular interactions, such as dispersive (van der Waals), polar, and acid/base interactions, and is considered to be the sum of these independent components. Some theories account for more of these phenomena than do other theories. These distinctions are to be considered when deciding which method is appropriate for the experiment at hand. The following are a few commonly used such theories.
One component theories.
The Zisman Theory.
The Zisman theory is the simplest commonly used theory, as it is a one component theory, and is best used for non-polar surfaces. This means that polymer surfaces that have been subjected to heat treatment, corona treatment, plasma cleaning, or polymers that contain heteroatoms do not lend themselves to this particular theory, as they tend to be at least somewhat polar. The Zisman theory also tends to be more useful in practice for surfaces with lower energies.
The Zisman theory simply defines the surface energy as being equal to the surface energy of the highest surface energy liquid that wets the solid completely. That is to say, the droplet will disperse as much as possible, i.e. completely wetting the surface, for this liquid and any liquids with lower surface energies, but not for liquids with higher surface energies. Since this probe liquid could hypothetically be any liquid, including an imaginary liquid, the best way to determine the surface energy by the Zisman method is to acquire data points of contact angles for several probe liquids on the solid surface in question, and then plot the cosine of that angle against the known surface energy of the probe liquid. By constructing the Zisman plot, one can extrapolate the highest liquid surface energy, real or hypothetical, that would result in complete wetting of the sample with a contact angle of zero degrees.
Accuracy/precision.
The line coefficient (Fig 5) suggests that this is a fairly accurate result, however this is only the case for the pairing of that particular solid with those particular liquids. In other cases, the fit may not be so great (such is the case if we replace polyethylene with poly(methyl methacrylate), wherein the line coefficient of the plot results using the same list of liquids would be significantly lower). This shortcoming is a result of the fact that the Zisman theory treats the surface energy as one single parameter, rather than accounting for the fact that, for example, polar interactions are much stronger than dispersive ones, and thus the degree to which one is happening versus the other greatly affects the necessary calculations. As such, it is a simple but not particularly robust theory. Since the premise of this procedure is to determine the hypothetical properties of a liquid, the precision of the result depends on the precision to which the surface energy values of the probe liquids are known.
Two component theories.
The Owens/Wendt Theory.
The Owens/Wendt theory (after C. J. van Oss and John F. Wendt) divides the surface energy into two components: surface energy due to dispersive interactions and surface energy due to polar interactions. This theory is derived from the combination of Young's relation, which relates the contact angle to the surface energies of the solid and liquid and to the interface tension, and Good's equation (after R. J. Good), which relates the interface tension to the polar and dispersive components of the surface energy. The resulting principle equation is:
formula_14 = formula_15 + formula_16
Note that this equation has the form of y=mx+b, with:
y = formula_14 ; m = formula_18 ; x = formula_19 ; b = formula_16
As such, the polar and dispersive components of the solid’s surface energy are determined by the slope and intercept of the resulting graph. Of course, the problem at this point is that in order to make that graph, knowing the surface energy of the probe liquid is not enough, as it is necessary to know specifically how it breaks down into its polar and dispersive components as well.
To do this, one can simply reverse the procedure by testing the probe liquid against a standard reference solid that is not capable of polar interactions, such as PTFE. If the contact angle of a sessile drop of the probe liquid is measured on a PTFE surface with:
formula_21
formula_22 
the principle equation reduces to:
formula_23 = formula_24
Since the total surface tension of the liquid is already known, this equation determines the dispersive component, and the difference between the total and dispersive components gives the polar component.
Accuracy/precision.
The accuracy and precision of this method is supported largely by the confidence level of the results for appropriate liquid/solid combinations (as seen, for example, in fig 6). The Owens/Wendt theory is typically applicable to surfaces with low charge and moderate polarity. Some good examples are polymers that contain heteroatoms, such as PVC, polyurethanes, polyamides, polyesters, polyacrylates, and polycarbonates
The Fowkes Theory.
The Fowkes theory (after F. M. Fowkes) is derived in a slightly different way from the Owens/Wendt theory, although the Fowkes theory’s principle equation is mathematically equivalent to that of Owens and Wendt:
formula_25 = formula_26 + formula_27 
Note that by dividing both sides of the equation by formula_28, the Owens/Wendt principle equation is recovered. As such, one of the options for the proper determination of the surface energy components is the same.
In addition to that method, it is also possible to simply do tests using liquids with no polar component to their surface energies, and then liquids that do have both polar and dispersive components, and then linearize the equations (see table 1). First, one performs the standard sessile drop contact angle measurement for the solid in question and a liquid with a polar components of zero (formula_29=0; formula_30 =formula_31) The second step is to use a second probe liquid that has both a dispersive and a polar component to its surface energy, and then solve for the unknowns algebraically. The Fowkes theory generally requires the use of only two probe liquids, as described above, and the recommended ones are diiodomethane, which should have no polar component due to its molecular symmetry, and water, which is commonly known to be a very polar liquid.
Accuracy/precision.
Though the principle equation is essentially identical to that of Owens and Wendt, the Fowkes theory in a larger sense has slightly different applications. Because it is derived from different principles than Owens/Wendt, the rest of the information that Fowkes theory is concerned with is related to adhesion. As such, it is more applicable to situations where adhesion occurs, and in general works better than does the Owens/Wendt theory when dealing with higher surface energies.
In addition, there is an extended Fowkes theory, rooted in the same principles, but dividing the total surface energy into a sum of three rather than two components: surface energy due to dispersive interactions, polar interactions, and hydrogen bonding.
The Wu Theory.
The Wu theory (after Guo Xiong Wu) is also essentially similar to the Owens/Wendt and Fowkes theories, in that it divides surface energy into a polar and a dispersive component. The primary difference is that Wu uses the harmonic means rather than the geometric means of the known surface tensions, and subsequently the use of more rigorous mathematics is employed.
Accuracy/precision.
The Wu theory provides more accurate results than do the other two component theories, particularly for high surface energies. It does, however, suffer from one complication: because of the mathematics involved, the Wu theory yields two results for each component, one being the true result, and one being simply a consequence of the mathematics. The challenge at this point lies in interpreting which is the true result. Sometimes this is as simple as eliminating the result that makes no physical sense (a negative surface energy) or the result that is clearly incorrect by virtue of being many orders of magnitude larger or smaller than it should be. Sometimes interpretation is more tricky.
The Schultz Theory.
The Schultz theory (after D. L. Schultz) is applicable only for very high energy solids. Again, it is similar to the theories of Owens, Wendt, Fowkes, and Wu, but is designed for a situation where conventional measurement required for those theories is impossible. In the class of solids with sufficiently high surface energy, most liquids wet the surface completely with a contact angle of zero degrees, and thus no useful data can be gathered. The Schultz theory and procedure calls to deposit a sessile drop of probe liquid on the solid surface in question, but this is all done while the system is submerged in yet another liquid, rather than being done in the open air. As a result, the higher “atmospheric” pressure due to the surrounding liquid causes the probe liquid droplet to compress so that there is a measurable contact angle.
Accuracy/precision.
This method is designed to be robust where the other methods don’t even provide any results in particular. As such, it is indispensable, since it is the only way to use the sessile drop technique on very high surface energy solids. Its major drawback is the fact that it is far more complex, both in its mathematics and experimentally. The Schultz theory requires one to account for many more factors, as there is now the unusual interaction of the probe liquid phase with the surrounding liquid phase. In addition, the set up of the camera and backlight become more complicated owing to the refractive properties of the surrounding liquid, not to mention the set up of the two-liquid system itself.
Three component theories.
The van Oss Theory.
The van Oss theory separates the surface energy of solids and liquids into three components. It includes the dispersive surface energy, as before, and subdivides the polar component as being the sum of two more specific components: the surface energy due to acidic interactions (formula_32) and due to basic interactions (formula_33). The acid component theoretically describes a surface’s propensity to have polar interactions with a second surface that has the ability to act basic by donating electrons. Conversely, the base component of the surface energy describes the propensity of a surface to have polar interactions with another surface that acts acidic by accepting electrons. The principle equation for this theory is:
formula_34 = formula_35
Again, the best way to deal with this theory, much like the two component theories, is to use at least three liquids (more can be used to get more results for statistical purposes) – one with only a dispersive component to its surface energy (formula_36), one with only a dispersive and an acidic or basic component (formula_37), and finally either a liquid with a dispersive and a basic or acidic component (whichever the second probe liquid did "not" have (formula_38)), or a liquid with all three components (formula_39) – and linearizing the results.
Accuracy/precision.
Being a three component theory, it is naturally more robust than other theories, particularly in cases where there is a great imbalance between the acid and base components of the polar surface energy. The van Oss theory is most suitable for testing the surface energies of inorganics, organometallics, and surface containing ions.
The most significant difficulty of applying the van Oss theory is the fact that there is not much of an agreement in regards to a set of reference solids that can be used to characterize the acid and base components of potential probe liquids. There are however some liquids that are generally agreed to have known dispersive/acid/base components to their surface energies. Two of them are listed in table 1.
Potential problems.
The presence of surface active elements such as oxygen and sulfur will have a large impact on the measurements obtained with this technique. Surface active elements will exist in larger concentrations at the surface than in the bulk of the liquid, meaning that the total levels of these elements must be carefully controlled to a very low level. For example, the presence of only 50 ppm sulphur in liquid iron will reduce the surface tension by approximately 20%.
Practical applications.
The sessile drop technique has various applications for both materials engineering and straight characterization. In general, it is useful in determining the surface tension of liquids through the use of reference solids. There are various other specific applications which can be subdivided according to which of the above theories is most likely to be applicable to the circumstances:
The Zisman theory is mostly used for low energy surfaces and characterizes only the total surface energy. As such, it is probably most useful in cases that recall the conventional definition of surfaces, for example if a chemical engineer wants to know what the energy associated with fabricating a surface is. It may also be useful in cases where the surface energy has some effect on a spectroscopic technique being used on the solid in question.
The two component theories would most likely be applicable to materials engineering questions about the practical interactions of liquids and solids. The Fowkes theory, since it is more suited for higher energy solid surfaces, and since much of it is rooted in theories about adhesion, would likely be suited for the characterization of interactions where the solids and liquids have a high affinity for one another, such as, logically enough, adhesives and adhesive coatings. The Owens/Wendt theory, which deals in low energy solid surfaces, would be helpful in characterizing the interactions where the solids and liquids do "not" have a strong affinity for one another – for example, the effectiveness of waterproofing. Polyurethanes and PVC are good examples of waterproof plastics.
The Schultz theory is best used for the characterization of very high energy surfaces for which the other theories are ineffective, the most significant example being bare metals.
The van Oss theory is most suitable for cases in which acid/base interaction is an important consideration. Examples include pigments, pharmaceuticals, and paper. Specifically, notable examples include both paper used for the regular purpose of printing, and the more specialized case of litmus paper, which in itself is used to characterize acidity and basicity.

</doc>
<doc id="2850059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850059" title="Joinery terms">
Joinery terms

Below are some terms used in joinery.
Parts of joints.
When material is removed to create a joint, the resulting surfaces have the following names:

</doc>
<doc id="2850073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850073" title="Ren County">
Ren County

Ren County or Renxian (), is a county located around from Xingtai, Hebei, which administrates it. It has a land area of 431 square kilometers and a population of 300,000. Its postal code is 055150. The county seat is located in Rencheng Town.
Administrative Divisions.
Ren County consists of 3 towns and 5 townships.
Towns:
Townships:

</doc>
<doc id="2850075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850075" title="Miranda Lambert">
Miranda Lambert

Miranda Leigh Lambert-Shelton (born November 10, 1983) is an American country music artist who gained fame as a finalist on the 2003 season of "Nashville Star", where she finished in third place and later signed to Epic Records. Lambert made her debut with the release of "Me and Charlie Talking", the first single from her 2005 debut album "Kerosene". This album, which was certified Platinum in the United States, also produced the singles "Bring Me Down", "Kerosene", and "New Strings". All four singles were Top 40 hits on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts.
After Epic's Nashville division closed, Lambert was transferred to Columbia Records Nashville for her second album, "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend", which was released in early 2007. Although the title track failed to make top 40, the next three singles ("Famous in a Small Town", "Gunpowder & Lead", and "More Like Her") were Top 20 hits, with "Gunpowder & Lead" becoming her first Top 10 country hit in July 2008. Lambert's third album, "Revolution", was released in September 2009. Five singles have been released from the album, including Lambert's two Number One hits "The House That Built Me," which spent four weeks at the top of the chart, and "Heart Like Mine". Lambert has also been honored by the Grammy Awards, the Academy of Country Music Awards, and the Country Music Association Awards.
In 2011 Lambert married fellow country singer Blake Shelton. She also released her fourth album, "Four the Record", which includes the singles "Baggage Claim", "Over You" (also a number 1), "Fastest Girl in Town", "Mama's Broken Heart" and "All Kinds of Kinds". Lambert also collaborated with Ashley Monroe and Angaleena Presley in the side project Pistol Annies.
Early life.
Miranda Leigh Lambert-Shelton was born November 10, 1983 and was raised in Lindale, Texas. Her father, Rick Lambert, was a police officer who in later life became a private investigator in partnership with Miranda's mother, Beverly. Her family is Irish and Indian.
At sixteen, Lambert appeared on the Johnnie High Country Music Revue in Arlington, Texas, the same talent show that had helped launch the career of LeAnn Rimes. Lambert then acquired a recording session in Nashville, Tennessee, but left the studio after she became frustrated with the "pop" type of music presented to her. She went back to Texas in 2000 and asked her dad to teach her how to play guitar, so she could write her own songs.
While still in high school, Lambert made her professional singing debut with "The Texas Pride Band." She also fronted the house band at the Reo Palm Isle in Longview, Texas, a long-running venue that had presented legends such as Elvis Presley and Willie Nelson, and the place where Brooks & Dunn started out as the house band.
Music career.
2003–08: Musical beginnings.
In 2002, while performing at Tye Phelps' country music restaurant and venue "Love And War in Texas", Miranda and her father, Rick, met entertainment attorney Rod Phelps who had been instrumental in getting Garth Brooks, Chris Cagle and Rory Lee Feek to move to Nashville and helping them get recording and writing deals. Phelps was impressed with the Lamberts and sent letters and demos to producer and record executive Mark Wright and Garth's manager, Bob Doyle. Their positive responses induced Miranda to return to Nashville. In 2003 she auditioned for the talent competition "Nashville Star", where she earned a third-place finish. She performed in many places such as The Tap in College Station, Texas when she was 18. On September 15, 2003, she signed with Epic Records. Her debut single, "Me and Charlie Talking" (co-written by her father and Heather Little), was released in summer of 2004 as the lead-off single to her debut album. Titled "Kerosene", Lambert's first album comprised twelve songs, eleven of which she co-wrote. The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums charts, and eventually gained a Platinum certification by the RIAA for shipments of over one million copies, selling more than 930,000 copies up to July 2008. Overall, the album produced four Top 40 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including the title track which was a Top 20 hit. Lambert also toured with Keith Urban and George Strait in early 2006. In 2007, she toured with Dierks Bentley and Toby Keith.
Lambert's second album, "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend" was released on May 9, 2007. She wrote eight of the album's eleven tracks, including its four singles. Much of the track "Gunpowder & Lead," the album's third single and her highest-charting single, was written while she was taking a concealed handgun class in her home town.
In 2005, at the 40th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards in Las Vegas, Lambert won the Cover Girl "Fresh Face of Country Music Award". She was also nominated for the Country Music Association's Horizon Award in 2005; in 2007, Lambert also received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Country Vocal Performance for her single "Kerosene". She also won the Top New Female Vocalist award at the 2007 ACM (Academy of Country Music) Awards. At the 2008 ACM (Academy of Country Music) Awards, "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend" won Album of the Year.
Lambert was ranked No. 90 on the "100 Greatest Women" (of Country Music) by Country Universe in 2008.
2009–11: "Revolution".
In February 2009 Lambert recorded her third album, "Revolution", which was released on September 29, 2009. She co-wrote 11 of the album's 15 tracks; the album also includes co-writes from Dave Haywood and Charles Kelley of Lady Antebellum and Blake Shelton. An EP, titled "Dead Flowers", was issued on September 8, 2009. The EP, available exclusively at Best Buy, featured the "Revolution" album track "Dead Flowers" and three bonus tracks previously included on limited editions of "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend".
During this time, Lambert and two other singers, became the new faces of Cotton Inc.’s revived “The Touch, The Feel of Cotton” campaign. She has appeared in ads to promote cotton, and the website features a free download of the full version of her song, "Fabric of My Life."
Lambert debuted her new single, "Dead Flowers", at the 44th annual Academy of Country Music Awards on April 5, 2009. It was released on May 4, 2009, and was a minor Top 40 hit on the charts.
On September 24, 2009, Lambert and her band performed all the tracks on "Revolution" in sequence at the Ryman Auditorium, five days before the album's scheduled release date.
"Revolution" received significant critical praise on its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 85, based on 11 reviews, which indicates "universal acclaim".
"Rolling Stone" magazine praised the album saying, "Lambert remains country's most refreshing act, and not just because she makes firearms seem like a matter-of-fact female accessory." "Entertainment Weekly" said, "She's found stylistic shades of songwriters twice her age..." and the album is "...a portrait of an artist in full possession of her powers, and the best mainstream-country album so far this year." "Boston Globe" commented that “Revolution’’ is the sound of Miranda Lambert coming into her own." "Slant magazine" praised the album saying, "Miranda Lambert expands on her fascinating, fully realized artistic persona ..."
The album's second single, "White Liar", was released on August 17, 2009, and debuted at No. 50 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. In February 2010, "White Liar" became Lambert's first Top Five hit, reaching a peak of No. 2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
In promotion of "Revolution", Lambert launched a headlining tour; "Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars" in March 2010, with stops in 22 cities and a performance at the Bonnaroo Music Festival.
"The House That Built Me," the album's third single, was released on March 8, 2010 and became a No. 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. It stayed there for four weeks, and received platinum certification from the RIAA on July 8, 2010. On February 13, 2011, Lambert won a Grammy Award in the "Best Female Country Vocal Performance" category for "The House That Built Me."
"Only Prettier" followed as the album's fourth single in July 2010 and its accompanying music video went viral. The music video for "Only Prettier" was directed by Trey Fanjoy and was filmed in Joelton, Tennessee in June 2010, and premiered on VEVO on August 3, 2010. It features a 1950s theme and cameo appearances by fellow country artists Kellie Pickler, Laura Bell Bundy, and Hillary Scott of Lady Antebellum. In the video, Lambert and her friends portray two rival cliques attending a high school sock hop. The two groups spike the punch, stuff their bras, and smoke cigarettes. Ultimately, they have a bad time at the party, while Lambert, Pickler, Bundy and Scott enjoy themselves the entire night. Additionally, Lambert is also shown performing with her band on stage at the event.
On September 1, 2010, it was announced that Lambert had received a record-setting 9 CMA award nominations. She performed at the 44th Annual Country Music Association Awards on November 10, 2010. She won the CMA Award for Female Vocalist of the Year, and her "Revolution" won Album of the Year.
Lambert and Sheryl Crow performed "Coal Miner's Daughter" as a tribute to country legend Loretta Lynn, who also entered the stage to join them and finished the song with Crow and Lambert as backup. Later that night, Lynn presented the Female Vocalist of the Year CMA award to Lambert.
In December 2010, "Only Prettier" reached a peak of number 12 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, giving Lambert her seventh Top 20 hit. "Heart Like Mine" was released in January 2011 as the fifth and final single from "Revolution". It became Lambert's second Number One hit on the country charts for the chart dated May 28, 2011.
2011–13: "Four the Record".
Lambert announced in July 2011 that her fourth studio album, "Four the Record", would be released on November 1, 2011. A month later, Sony Music Nashville announced that Lambert and labelmate Josh Thompson would transfer to RCA Nashville as part of a corporate restructuring. "Four the Record" produced five singles: "Baggage Claim", "Over You", "Fastest Girl in Town", "Mama's Broken Heart", and "All Kinds of Kinds". "Over You", which Lambert and Shelton co-wrote, reached number 1 in early 2012. Late in 2012, Lambert appeared on Shelton's Christmas album "Cheers, It's Christmas", to which she contributed guest vocals on a version of "Jingle Bell Rock".
Lambert recorded a song for "The Hunger Games" soundtrack (""), called "Run Daddy Run" featuring The Pistol Annies. The soundtrack was released on March 20, 2012.
On October 23, Lambert and Dierks Bentley announced the co-headlined 33-show Locked & Reloaded Tour, beginning on January 17, 2013.
2014: "Platinum".
"Automatic," the lead single taken from Lambert's fifth studio album, "Platinum", was released on February 5, 2014, to praise from music critics. The album, containing 16 songs, was released on June 3, 2014.
Acting debut.
Lambert made her acting debut on NBC's long-running legal drama, "" in an episode titled "", on February 8, 2012. She portrayed an actress who falls under the spell of a nefarious producer, and who later claims to have been sexually assaulted by the reality show producer. "I had to really pull from my gut on this whole role I was playing because I'm a very strong, confident person," she said, noting that she was portraying "a more subdued, naïve character" than herself. "I really had to really transform my personality, which I wasn't sure I could do until I got on the set and sort of just tried to put myself in her shoes." She said, "This was really nerve-racking all around, but also exciting because I've never acted before. And then playing an actress trying to get a role, it was like an audition within an audition. It was sort of my audition for myself to see if I could even act at all." Lambert told "CMT News", "I have all of the TiVo’ed. I watch the marathons. I love them. And I never wanted to act. I still don’t. I don’t want to be an actress. I just wanted to be on that show mainly so I could be a groupie [for their autographs."
Pistol Annies.
On April 4, 2011, during the taping of the Academy of Country Music's 'Girls' Night Out' television special in Las Vegas, Lambert debuted her new project, girl group Pistol Annies. The group consists of Lambert, Ashley Monroe, and Angaleena Presley. They released their single, "Hell on Heels," in May 2011, and released their debut album, "Hell on Heels", on August 23, 2011, which debuted at No. 1 on Billboard's country chart. A second Pistol Annies album, "Annie Up", was released in May 2013. This album produced the group's first country chart entry with "Hush Hush". The Pistol Annies are also one of many acts featured on Blake Shelton's mid-2013 single "Boys 'Round Here", which went to number 1 on Country Airplay. They had previously accompanied Shelton on a rendition of "Blue Christmas" on "Cheers, It's Christmas".
Personal life.
In 2006, Lambert began dating fellow country singer Blake Shelton. Lambert sang backing vocals on Shelton's 2008 country cover of Michael Bublé's song "Home". The two recorded and co-wrote the duet "Bare Skin Rug", for his studio album "Startin' Fires" released in 2008. Shelton also co-wrote three songs on "Revolution", and provided background vocals on "Maintain the Pain". On May 9, 2010, Shelton proposed to Lambert after receiving her father's blessing and they became engaged. The two were married on May 14, 2011 at the Don Strange Ranch in Boerne, Texas. Wearing her mother's wedding dress, Lambert exchanged vows with Shelton in front of 550 family members and friends, including fellow celebrities Reba McEntire, Kelly Clarkson, Cee Lo Green, Martina McBride, Dierks Bentley, Charles Kelley of Lady Antebellum, Trace Adkins, and the Bellamy Brothers. After the ceremony, Lambert expressed her excitement: "I'm married to my best friend! Looking forward to a lifetime of laughter and love". Lambert and Shelton live in Tishomingo, Oklahoma.
Lambert once stated that she loves watching the show "Snapped" on Oxygen, the show that tells the stories of female killers. "It's so weird. I watched one about this woman whose husband had been beating the crap out of her for years. Finally, one day she shot him in the bedroom and shut the door--and left him there for two years. The road it happened on was County Road 233; that was where the guy gets shot in my song 'Gunpowder and Lead'". Does she feel responsible? She laughs, "You know, women have come up to me and said, 'You gave me the courage to leave after 10 years of him hitting me'. That's the best compliment I could get. But don't shoot him, or don't blame it on me if you do".
On February 21, 2013, Lambert appeared on "Project Runway". The show's contestants were tasked with designing two outfits for the singer: one performance look and one red carpet look.
Awards.
, Lambert has won five consecutive Academy of Country Music Female Vocalist of the Year awards, giving her the record for most consecutive wins in the category.
Touring.
Band.
Lambert's road band consists of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2850076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850076" title="Kip Brennan">
Kip Brennan

Kip Brennan (born August 27, 1980 in Kingston, Ontario) is a hockey enforcer who is currently playing with the Arizona Sundogs. Previously, Brennan has played for the Los Angeles Kings, Atlanta Thrashers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the New York Islanders in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Kip Brennan played in the OHL with the Windsor Spitfires and Sudbury Wolves from 1996–2001. He led the Wolves in penalty minutes for the 1999–2000 season with 228 regular season PIM and 67 playoff PIM. In 2001, he split time with the Lowell Lock Monsters, of the AHL, and the Sudbury Wolves, OHL. The 2001–2002 season would give Kip his first taste of the NHL. He skated in 4 games for the LA Kings and picked up 22 PIM. For the remainder of the season he played for the Manchester Monarchs, the AHL affiliate for the Los Angeles Kings. He led the team in PIM with 269. 
In 2002–03 and 2003–04, he was back and forth between the Kings and Monarchs. Kip again led the Monarchs with 198 PIM for the 2002–03 season. On December 27, 2003, the NHL suspended Brennan for 10 games without pay during a game against the San Jose Sharks. Brennan had returned to the ice after officials had ejected him for roughing an opponent. The suspension cost him about $25,000. He also played for the Atlanta Thrashers of the NHL for 5 games during the 2003–04 season. 2004–05, he played exclusively for the Chicago Wolves of the AHL, leading the team in PIM with 267 during the regular season and 105 PIM in the playoffs. 2005–06, he played for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, NHL, and the Portland Pirates, AHL. 
He briefly attended the Dallas Stars training camp in September 2006. Then for the 2006–07 season, Kip skated 1 game for the Toronto Marlies in the AHL, 11 games for the Long Beach Ice Dogs in the ECHL, and then finished the season with the Hershey Bears. He then signed with the New York Islanders, playing 3 games with the team, spending most of the season with the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. 
Brennan then signed with HIFK in Finland's SM-liiga, but on 16 December 2008, he left the team and returned to Hershey Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="2850083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850083" title="Fleming's right-hand rule">
Fleming's right-hand rule

Fleming's right hand rule (for generators) shows the direction of induced current when a conductor moves in a magnetic field.
The right hand is held with the thumb, first finger and second finger mutually perpendicular to each other (at right angles), as shown in the diagram .
These mnemonics are named after British engineer John Ambrose Fleming, who invented them.

</doc>
<doc id="2850086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850086" title="Eve's Plum">
Eve's Plum

Eve's Plum was an American New York City-based alternative rock band, who recorded in the 1990s. The band was fronted by Colleen Fitzpatrick. Eve's Plum released two albums and numerous singles on 550/EpicRecords, before breaking up in 1998.
Formation.
In 1991, Ben Kotch who played drums, and his twin brother Michael who played guitar, had been looking to start a band and needed a singer and bassist. Michael Kotch met Colleen Fitzpatrick while both were in school at New York University, she became the group's singer and together they formed the group Eve's Plum. Chris Giammalvo joined the band on bass guitar. He would later be replaced on bass by Theo Mack in 1994. The group's name was derived from actress Eve Plumb, best known as Jan Brady from "The Brady Bunch".
550/Epic releases.
Eve's Plum toured independently throughout 1991 and 1992. The band signed a recording contract with Sony Records in 1992. Their debut album, "Envy", was produced by Roger Greenawalt and released in 1993. The group's debut album failed to chart on the "Billboard" 200. The first single, "Blue", was also released in 1993 and was shown on an episode of "Beavis and Butthead" but did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100. A "demonstration" version of the single in CD format was also released to 
radio stations that contained an additional song, "Twist It" that was not on the album - as well as the songs "Blue" and "Envy" from the album.The band's second single "Die Like Someone", also failed to make an impact. The album's third single, "I Want It All", became the only single of their career to chart. It spent one week on the Modern Rock Chart at number 30. It was also featured in the film "The Next Karate Kid". In 1994, Eve's Plum released the "I Want It All Alive EP". The EP was a limited release. That same year Chris Giammalvo left the band and was replaced by Theo Mack on bass.
In 1995, Eve's Plum recorded the single "Eye", for the soundtrack to the film "Higher Learning". The band also appeared in the film performing the song during the carnival scene. The group's second album, "Cherry Alive", was released in September 1995. The first single released from the album was called "Jesus Loves You (Not As Much As I Do)". The single failed to chart. Although three more singles were released from "Cherry Alive" to radio: "Wishing the Day Away", "Cherry Alive", and "Fairy Princess", none of the singles were successful for the band and 550 Music dropped the group in 1996. Shortly before being dropped by their label the band, after wrapping a promotional tour for "Cherry Alive", returned to their home of NYC to write new songs for what would have been their third album. In the summer of 1996 they wrote a few new songs and performed a show in Albany, New York. The show was recorded, and released as "Eve's Plum Live in Albany". However, it is extremely rare and it is unknown if any surviving copies still exist.
There are a few songs which were performed live but didn't make it to a studio album, such as "Ride with You" (which was supposed to be on "Cherry Alive"), "Lost in Space" (recorded for a compilation), "Ice Cream", "The Way You Look", "So What", and "Twist It" (released as a B-side).
Break up and post Eve's Plum.
They continued to perform after being dropped by their label. A cover version of "Save a Prayer", on Mojo Records' 1997 "The Duran Duran Tribute Album", was their final released recording.
Colleen Fitzpatrick has had commercial success with a solo career under the name Vitamin C. Michael Kotch, who married Fitzpatrick in 2004, went on to play in the band Ruth Ruth. Benjamin Kotch went on to drum for The World/Inferno Friendship Society from 1997 to 2007. Chris Giammalvo joined Madder Rose in 1997 and played on their last two albums. Theo Mack went on to become a sound man, touring with various bands.
Discography.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="2850088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850088" title="Jack Farr">
Jack Farr

Colonel Jack Farr was an Army officer, specializing in military intelligence, who was deployed to camp Camp Delta at the U.S. naval base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.
Colonel Farr was the fourth serviceman charged with violating security procedures at Guantanamo detention base. The others were Captain James Yee, a Muslim chaplain, and Ahmed F. Mehalba, Arabic translators.
Farr was charged with “wrongfully transporting classified material without the proper security container on or around October 11”, and lying to investigators. During a formal hearing, a U.S. Army Brigadier General threw out the charge of lying to investigators by stating that he had studied all the evidence and concluded that he did not believe that Colonel Farr lied to anyone about anything with regard to this matter. The General also dismissed the other charge against Colonel Farr. Farr served out his term of service without further incident and retired with an Honorable Discharge in his appointed rank as Colonel on Nov 1, 2005.
Because Farr did not represent a "flight risk" he was not arrested or suspended. In contrast to Farr, Yee and Ahmad were held in solitary confinement. The difference here is that Yee and Ahmad left Guantanamo Bay Cuba (GTMO) with classified documents, that they did not turn over to authorities, the documents were discovered by agents outside of GTMO. In contrast, Col Farr personally turned over all documents to authorities, without being asked to do so, before he left GTMO. 

</doc>
<doc id="2850094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850094" title="Solanum nelsonii">
Solanum nelsonii

Solanum nelsonii (often misspelled Solanum nelsoni), commonly known as Nelson's Horsenettle, is an annual to perennial plant in the Solanaceae family, part of the "Solanum" or nightshade genus. This poisonous plant is endemic to the Pacific Islands. It grows low to the ground in sandy soil.
Nelson's Horsenettle was first described by Michel Félix Dunal. The scientific name "Solanum nelsonii" has also – invalidly – been given to two other species of nightshade:
Several varieties of Nelson's Horsenettle have been described, but they are not usually considered valid anymore:

</doc>
<doc id="2850106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850106" title="List of Aqua Teen Hunger Force episodes">
List of Aqua Teen Hunger Force episodes

"Aqua Teen Hunger Force" (also known by various alternative titles) is an American animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programing block, Adult Swim. An early version of the first episode, "Rabbot" originally aired months prior to the launch of Adult Swim on Cartoon Network unannounced on December 30, 2000, as part of a series of sneak peeks of upcoming Adult Swim shows. The series later made its official debut on September 9, 2001 on Adult Swim, where the series has aired exclusively ever since in the United States. The show is about the surreal adventures and antics of three anthropomorphic fast food items: Master Shake, Frylock and Meatwad, three brothers who live together as roommates in a neighborhood in the suburbs next door to a human named Carl Brutananadilewski, who is often hostile to them.
The series was created by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro, who have written and directed every episode, and provide the voices of several characters. The series was inspired by the "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" episode "Baffler Meal", which introduced early rough-cut versions of the three main characters. Beginning in 2011 with Season 8, each season is given a different alternative title, as a running gag from series creators, who wanted to try to change things up in the series. Each season also features a different opening theme, and location of the house; however, the house is completely identical in each season.
There have been a total of episodes during the show's nine seasons. In each season it is typical for several episodes aired outside of their production order. Seasons 1–8 are available on DVD. Episodes are also available on iTunes, the Xbox Live Marketplace, and Amazon Instant Video. The entire first season was also made available for on demand viewing on Netflix in 2013. An episode titled "Boston" was scheduled to air during the fifth season, but was pulled to avoid further controversy surrounding the 2007 Boston bomb scare, and has never aired or been released to the public in any format. The eleventh season will premiere in early 2015. Maiellaro stated that there are no plans to end the series at any time in the foreseeable future.
On April 13, 2007, a feature film based on the series, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters", premiered in theaters, marking the first time an original Adult Swim series was adapted into a feature length film. There has been mention of producing a second film entitled "Death Fighter".
Episodes.
Season 11: 2015.
Willis has stated that an eleventh season will premiere in early 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2850108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850108" title="A549 cell">
A549 cell

A549 cells are adenocarcinomic human alveolar basal epithelial cells. The A549 cell line was first developed in 1972 by D. J. Giard, et al. through the removal and culturing of cancerous lung tissue in the explanted tumor a of 58-year-old caucasian male. In nature, these cells are squamous and responsible for the diffusion of some substances, such as water and electrolytes, across the alveoli of lungs. If A549 cells are cultured in vitro, they grow as monolayer cells, adherent or attaching to the culture flask. The human alveolar epithelial cell line A549 may be anchored or suspended in a solution "in vitro".
Another characteristic of these cells is that they are able to synthesize lecithin and contain high level of desaturated fatty acids, which are important to maintain the membrane phospholipids in cells. A549 cell line are widely used as an in vitro model for a type II pulmonary epithelial cell model for drug metabolism and as a transfection host.

</doc>
<doc id="2850109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850109" title="Miffed">
Miffed


</doc>
<doc id="2850111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850111" title="Singularity (audio drama)">
Singularity (audio drama)

Singularity is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
In Moscow in the near future, the Fifth Doctor and Turlough come across a conspiracy involving the Somnus Foundation that will cause the course of history as it should be to change.
Notes.
This release had a limited edition second variant cover designed by Stuart Manning. This was exclusive to sci-fi store 10th Planet.

</doc>
<doc id="2850113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850113" title="Mother Hulda">
Mother Hulda

Mother Hulda is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm and first published in 1812 as part of "Children's and Household Tales". It was originally known as Frau Holle and is tale number 24.
Synopsis.
A rich widow lives with her daughter and stepdaughter. The widow favored her biological daughter allowing her to become spoiled and idle while her stepdaughter was left to do all the work. Every day the stepdaughter would sit outside the cottage and spin beside the well. One day she pricked her finger on the point of the spindle. Leaning over the well to wash the blood away, the spindle fell from her hand and sank out of sight. The stepdaughter feared that she would be punished for losing the spindle, and in a panic she leapt into the well after it. To her surprise, the girl found herself in the other world of Mother Hulda where she helped bread that was burning, an apple tree needing its apples removed, and Mother Hulda herself by helping her around her house. Mother Hulda was so impressed by the girl's kindness and industry that she escorted her back to her family covered with gold.
The mother, thinking that her lazy daughter should have received the gold, sent the lazy daughter down the well to work for Mother Hulda. Copying her sister, the lazy daughter bloodied her finger and leapt into the well. But the lazy daughter refused to help the burning bread, the overladen apple tree, or Mother Hulda, and Hulda reproved her idle nature by sending her home covered with pitch.
Origins.
Marija Gimbutas names Hulda (or Holda, Holla, Holle) as having originally been an ancient Germanic supreme goddess who predates most of the Germanic pantheon, including deities such as Odin, Thor, Freya, and Loki, continuing traditions of pre-Indo-European Neolithic Europe. 
When Christianity slowly replaced Scandinavian paganism during the early Middle Ages, many of the old customs were gradually lost or assimilated into Catholic tradition. By the end of the High Middle Ages, Scandinavian paganism was almost completely marginalized and blended into rural folklore, in which the character of Mother Hulda eventually survived.
In Germanic Pre-Christian folklore, Hulda, Holda, Holle and Holla were all names to denote a single being. Hulda is also related to the Germanic figure of Perchta. She dwells at the bottom of a well, rides a wagon, and first taught the craft of making linen from flax. Hulda is the goddess to whom children who died as infants go, and alternatively known as both the dunkel Großmutter (Dark Grandmother) and the "weisse Frau" (White Lady), elements which are more typically associated with the Grimm's fairy tale as well. Her connection to the spirit world through the magic of spinning and weaving has associated her with witchcraft in Catholic German folklore.
The legend itself, as it was eventually passed to the Grimm Brothers, originates from oral traditions in Central Germany in what is now known as Hesse. It was told to them by Henriette Dorothea Wild (whom Wilhelm Grimm married in 1825) with more details added in the second edition (1819). It is still common expression in Hesse to say "Hulda is making her bed" when it is snowing, that is, she shakes her bed and out comes snow from heaven!
Analysis.
According to the Aarne and Thompson classification system of fairy tales, "Mother Hulda" is a story of type 480, "The Kind and the Unkind Girls". Others of this type include "Shita-kiri Suzume", "Diamonds and Toads", "The Three Heads in the Well", "Father Frost", "The Three Little Men in the Wood", "The Enchanted Wreath", "The Old Witch", and "The Two Caskets". Literary variants include "The Three Fairies" and "Aurore and Aimée".
Mother Hulda is one of Germany's most durable female legendary figures and one who without doubt represents a pre-Christian deity who survived in popular belief and in the memory of common people well into the nineteenth century.

</doc>
<doc id="2850114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850114" title="Pierre Yergeau">
Pierre Yergeau

Pierre Yergeau (born 4 October 1957) is a Canadian novelist.
Born in Abitibi, Quebec, Yergeau was educated at Concordia University and the Université de Montréal. He has twice been a finalist for the Governor General's Award in French language fiction. He is considered one of the most important Canadian novelists, with a dry sense of humour, tendency towards ironic reflections on the American dream, and a brilliant use of rhetoric. Even though his novel "L'écrivain public" received critical acclaim and was later released in a paperback edition, he remains relatively unknown outside Quebec due to lack of translation.
Yergeau lives in the region of Lanaudière with his wife and four children.

</doc>
<doc id="2850115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850115" title="Steve Priestley">
Steve Priestley

Steve Priestley is a British disc jockey, who used to work for Magic 105.4 in London.
Career.
He first came to prominence in the early 1990s as the voice over for an ITV programme on Saturdays called Movies, Games and Videos. The show reviewed games, movies and videos and started life as "Movies, Movies, Movies".
In 1993, he joined BRMB in Birmingham, where he presented a regular show and was part of the line up for five years. While working at the station, he also became a stand-in presenter for the Network Chart whenever its presenter, Neil Fox was away. In addition to this, he also did two stints at Fox FM in Oxford before moving to Magic.
He originally presented Magic 105.4's weekend afternoon show, before taking over the drivetime show, replacing Graham Dene who left the station in September 2007 to join rival 102.2 Smooth Radio as its new breakfast presenter. From early 2009 he took over the station's weekend breakfast show. He also covered for Neil Fox on Magic's breakfast show whenever Fox is away. He left Magic in 2009. He then worked for Hallam FM, 96.3 Radio Aire and 96.9 Viking FM presenting Sunday to Thursday late nights. He left in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2850120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2850120" title="Pope Simeon II of Alexandria">
Pope Simeon II of Alexandria

Pope Simeon II of Alexandria, 51st Pope of Alexandria and Patriarch of the See of St. Mark.
This saint was the son of Orthodox Christian parents of the nobles of Alexandria, Egypt. He nursed the milk of the faith from his childhood and he learned the doctrines of the church. He chose for himself the monastic life, so he went to the desert of Scetes. He became a monk in the cell of his predecessor James, the Patriarch. He dwelt with Pope James for many years during which he exhausted his body by strenuous ascetic life, and many worships. 
When Mark II became a Patriarch, he requested St. Simeon from his spiritual father Pope James for what was known of his good reputation and his sound judgement. He stayed with Pope Mark II until his departure. When Pope James, his spiritual father, became patriarch, he kept St. Simeon II with him and he benefitted from him often. When Pope James departed, the bishops, priests, and elders unanimously agreed with a spiritual unity to bring forward this father for what they had seen of him (as to righteousness and Orthodox Faith) during his stay with the two Patriarchs who proceeded him. They seized him, bound him and ordained him a Patriarch. He perused an angelic life, which was well-pleasing to the Lord. And, as God wished to repose him, he did not stay on the throne but for five and a half months and departed in peace.

</doc>
