<doc id="2836766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836766" title="USS Stormes (DD-780)">
USS Stormes (DD-780)

USS "Stormes" (DD-780), an "Allen M. Sumner"-class destroyer, is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Commander Max Clifford Stormes, who was killed in action during the night of 14 and 15 November 1942, when "Preston" (DD-379) was sunk in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. Comdr. Stormes was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross as "his coolness and courage in the face of grave danger, inspired his men to supreme efforts of determination and endurance to carry on the attack.".
"Stormes" (DD-780) was laid down on 15 February 1944 by Todd-Pacific Shipyards Inc., Seattle, Washington; launched on 4 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. M. C. Stormes; and commissioned on 27 January 1945, Comdr. William N. Wylie in command.
World War II.
"Stormes" was fitted out at Seattle and departed there on 14 February for the San Diego Bay area where she held her shakedown training. Upon completion of her shakedown, she sailed on 1 April for Bremerton for a post-shakedown overhaul. Dock trials were held on the morning of the 22nd; and, that afternoon, the destroyer put to sea, en route to Hawaii.
"Stormes" arrived at Pearl Harbor on 30 April and sailed the next day as escort for "Louisville" (CL-28) en route to Okinawa, via Guam. The two ships arrived at Hagushi anchorage on 23 May and joined the 5th Fleet. The destroyer was immediately assigned to the antiaircraft screen. She spent the night in the anchorage and took her position in the screen the next day. The ship underwent her first air raid that evening. The weather was bad on the morning of 25 May with poor visibility and intermittent rain squalls. At 0905, a Japanese plane was sighted as it passed between two Navy planes and headed for "Ammen" (DD-527) directly ahead of "Stormes". At the last moment, the plane turned and crashed into "Stormes's" aft torpedo mount. Its bomb exploded in the magazine under her number three 5-inch mount. The ship was on fire, and sea water poured through holes in the hull. By noon, repair parties had extinguished the fires and plugged the holes. Twenty-one members of the crew were killed and 15 injured.
The battered destroyer slowly made her way back to Kerama Retto. She remained there until 5 July when she moved to Buckner Bay to enter a floating drydock. The ship left drydock on 13 August and was sufficiently seaworthy for the long trip back to the United States, even though only her port shaft was in commission. "Stormes" stood out of Buckner Bay on 17 August and steamed, via Saipan, Eniwetok, and Pearl Harbor, to San Francisco. She arrived at Hunters Point on 17 September and began a three-month overhaul.
The destroyer held refresher training in the San Diego area and, in January 1946, sailed for the east coast. She arrived at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on 14 January, and, before continuing to Norfolk, acted as a plane guard for aircraft carriers holding shakedown operations in the area.
"Stormes" arrived at Norfolk on 1 February and spent the remainder of the month preparing for Operation "Frostbite" which was to take place in March. "Midway" (CVB-41), a tanker, "Stormes", and two other destroyers, moved into an area between Greenland, Labrador, and Hudson Strait in March to test carrier operations in sub-zero temperatures. Upon completion of the operation, "Stormes" steamed to the Brooklyn Navy Yard for upkeep. On 11 April, she sailed to Casco Bay, Maine, for training and returned for a major overhaul. On 22 July, she sailed to Guantanamo Bay for refresher training and returned to Norfolk on 9 September. In October 1946, the destroyer escorted the "Philippine Sea" (CV-47) to Guantanamo Bay for the carrier's shakedown.
In January 1947, "Stormes" participated in an exercise at Guantanamo Bay and returned to the Caribbean the following month for a fleet exercise. The destroyer carried out routine fleet duties from her Norfolk base until 1950. In August, she sailed to Charleston, South Carolina, for inactivation.
Korean War.
However, she was reactivated in September due to the Korean War. In December 1950, she began a three-month yard overhaul at Charleston which was followed by a six-week shakedown cruise. In May 1951, the destroyer sailed to the west coast and was routed onward to join the 7th Fleet off Korea.
"Stormes" operated with Task Force 77, shelling enemy lines, screening large fleet units, rescuing downed pilots, and performing antisubmarine duties until January 1952 when she returned to Norfolk.
While on protection detail in Wonsan Harbor as support for the Marine observation team on a small island, The Stormes was involved in the rescue operation of a B-29 Bomber shot down by Migs while returning from a mission. Of the eleven man crew, seven of the crew were rescued, the others were killed outright by gun fire from the Migs. The survivors parachuted into the sea off the coast and subsequently picked up by The Stormes and other ships in the immediate area. The crew Master Sargent crew chief was having a hard time staying afloat. The rescue medic went into the water to help and found he was still wearing two belts containing all the tools for engine maintenance, if needed. The medic cut the belts loose to enable the other rescuers to bring him aboard the rescue boat. The mechanic was panicked because he was responsible for the equipment and was concerned that he would be charged to replace the tools. The Pilot in charge assured him it was an understandable loss and he would not have to pay for them, he relaxed.
e"Stormes" made a midshipman cruise to England and France that summer and then operated along the Atlantic seaboard until June 1953 when she entered the Norfolk Navy Yard for a four-month yard period and its subsequent shakedown. In February 1954, the destroyer embarked on a world cruise which took her to Naples, Suez, Port Said, Aden, Colombo, Singapore, Yokosuka, Sasebo, Midway, and Pearl Harbor. She reached San Francisco in July and returned to Norfolk in August.
"Stormes" sailed, on 4 January 1955, for the Caribbean to participate in Operation “Springboard 55.” She operated with "Valley Forge" (CVS-45) in Antisubmarine Group 3 from 4 January to August. The destroyer participated in a NATO exercise in early September and then continued local operations until February 1956 when she entered the Norfolk Navy-Yard. Stormes left the shipyard in May and sailed to Guantanamo Bay for refresher training which lasted until July. From then to November, the ship participated in local exercises to maintain her state of readiness in anticipation of an overseas tour.
On 7 November, "Stormes" sailed with Destroyer Division 261 and arrived at Naples, Italy, a month later where she was attached to the 6th Fleet. She served with the fast carriers in the Mediterranean until returning to Norfolk on 20 February 1957. The ship operated along the east coast until 3 September when she sailed as part of an attack carrier strike force for Operation “Seaspray.” After crossing the North Atlantic, the ships arrived at the River Clyde, Scotland, where a number of NATO ships were waiting to take part in Operation “Strikeback.” The operation ended in late September, and the destroyer sailed to Gibraltar to join the 6th Fleet for her second tour which ended at Norfolk on 22 December 1957.
"Stormes" remained in port until 27 January 1958 when she embarked on a two-week exercise with other ships of DesDiv 261. The remainder of the year and part of 1959 saw the destroyer taking part in local and fleet operations from New York to the Caribbean. On 7 August 1959, she sailed for her third tour with the 6th Fleet which terminated upon her return to Norfolk on 26 February 1960. The ship entered the Navy Yard on 3 June for a FRAM II conversion which lasted until 5 January 1961. On the 24th, she sailed for Guantanamo Bay where she held refresher training, gunnery practice, and participated in group exercises.
"Stormes" sailed for Norfolk, via Key West, and arrived there on 1 April. She operated with fleet units on the east coast and in the Caribbean for the remainder of the year. The highlight of the year's activities came in November when Stormes was designated to recover a spacecraft carrying a chimpanzee named Enos. The spacecraft landed approximately 30 miles from the destroyer. Stormes, aided by an aircraft which had the capsule in sight, recovered it and Enos who was in good health. She spent the next year operating with Task Group Alpha, a hunter-killer group developing the antisubmarine readiness of the Fleet.
On 9 November 1962, "Stormes" joined the Cuban Blockade and continued that duty until the end of the Cuban Missile Crisis. She then resumed her regular operations. In August of the following year, “the 780” became the first United States ship to visit Santa Marta, Colombia, since 1880. In the latter part of 1963, she underwent an overhaul. She operated with Task Group Alpha in 1964 until October when she participated in Operation “Steel-pike.” Her task group acted as the hunter-killer group that preceded the main body of ships as they crossed the Atlantic.
"Stormes" continued operating with Task Group Alfa until May 1965 when she was ordered to patrol the coastal waters of the Dominican Republic during the revolution there. When relieved of patrol duty, she returned to Norfolk and prepared for a deployment period. She was with the 6th Fleet from June to August and returned to her homeport in early September. On 1 June 1966, "Stormes" stood out of Norfolk with DesRon 32 for a six and one-half month deployment to the western Pacific.
Vietnam.
While in WestPac, her primary duty was plane guard for "Constellation" (CVA-64) in the Tonkin Gulf. At one time, she was called on to provide gunfire support to ground forces ashore for a three-day period. She returned to Norfolk, via the Mediterranean, on 17 December 1966. After east coast operations in the spring and summer of 1967, "Stormes" deployed to the 6th Fleet from 14 November 1967 to 23 April 1968. She sailed to South America in July 1968 to hold antisubmarine warfare operations as part of UNITAS IX and to visit ports in Puerto Rico, Brazil, and St. Lucia. After resuming her normal operations from Norfolk in September, "Stormes" deployed to the Mediterranean with DesRon 32 on 6 January 1969. The six-month tour ended upon her return to Norfolk on 31 May. The remainder of the year and into June 1970, she operated from her homeport as a dedicated participant of the Squeeze Play ASW exercises.
When "Stormes" returned to Norfolk from her last east coast port call on 18 June, she began preparing for inactivation.
Stormes was placed out of commission, in reserve, on 5 December 1970. She was struck from the Navy list on 16 February 1972. "Stormes" was sold to Iran on 16 February 1972 and serves that country's government as "Palang" (DDG-9).
"Stormes" received one battle star for World War II, three for service in Korea, and one for service in Vietnam.
See also.
Current Iranian Navy vessels

</doc>
<doc id="2836772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836772" title="Crucifixion of St. Peter (Caravaggio)">
Crucifixion of St. Peter (Caravaggio)

The Crucifixion of Saint Peter (Italian: "Crocifissione di san Pietro"; 1600) is a work by Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, painted for the Cerasi Chapel of Santa Maria del Popolo in Rome. Across the chapel is a second Caravaggio work depicting the "The Conversion of Saint Paul on the Road to Damascus" (1601). On the altar between the two is an "Assumption of the Virgin Mary" by Annibale Carracci.
The painting depicts the martyrdom of St. Peter by crucifixion—Peter asked that his cross be inverted so as not to imitate his God, Jesus Christ, hence he is depicted upside-down. The large canvas shows Romans, their faces shielded, struggling to erect the cross of the elderly but muscular apostle. Peter is heavier than his aged body would suggest, and his lifting requires the efforts of three men, as if the crime they perpetrate already weighs on them.
History.
The two Caravaggios, as well as the altarpiece by Carracci, were commissioned in September 1600 by Monsignor Tiberio Cerasi, who died shortly afterwards. Caravaggio's original versions of both paintings were rejected. They passed into the private collection of Cardinal Sannessio, and several modern scholars including John Gash, Helen Lagdon and Peter Robb, have speculated that Sennassio may have taken advantage of Cerasi's sudden death to seize some pictures by Rome's most famous new painter. The first "Conversion of Paul" has been identified with "The Conversion of Saint Paul" (1600) in the Odescalchi Balbi Collection, Rome, but the first version of the "Crucifixion of Peter" has disappeared; some scholars have identified it with a painting now in the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, but this is not generally accepted (in the Hermitage catalog "Martyrdom of St. Peter" is attributed, with a question mark, to Lionello Spada and dated on the first quarter of the 17th century). In all events, the second versions, which seem to have been more unconventional than the first, were accepted without comment by the executors of Cerasi's estate in 1601. 
The two saints, Peter and Paul, together represent the foundations of the Catholic Church, Peter the rock upon which Christ declared his Church to be built (Gospel of Matthew 16:18), and Paul who founded the seat of the church in Rome. Caravaggio's paintings were thus intended to symbolise Rome's (and Cerasi's) devotion to the Princes of the Apostles in this church which dominated the great piazza welcoming pilgrims as they entered the city from the north, representing the great Counter-Reformation themes of conversion and martyrdom and serving as propaganda against the twin threats of backsliding and Protestantism.
Caravaggio, or his patron, appear to have had in mind the Michelangelo frescoes in the Vatican's Capella Paolina (1546–1550) when choosing the subjects for these paintings. However, the Caravaggio scene is far more stark than the confusing melee miracle of the mannerist Michelangelo fresco in the Vatican.

</doc>
<doc id="2836784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836784" title="Confederation Park">
Confederation Park

Confederation Park "(French: Parc de la Confédération)" is a park in downtown Ottawa and a National Historic Site of Canada. It is bordered on the south by Laurier Avenue and Ottawa City Hall; on the east by the Rideau Canal; on the north by the Mackenzie King Bridge, the Rideau Centre and the National Arts Centre; and, to the west, by Elgin Street and the Lord Elgin Hotel.
Description.
Confederation Park is one of the 'Capital' parks in Ottawa maintained by the National Capital Commission. It is an "urban park", with paved pathways, monuments and an open lawn on the eastern side for gatherings. It is basically flat in its topology. A large fountain is located in the centre of the park. Constructed of Peterhead granite, it honors Colonel John By. The fountain was relocated from Trafalgar Square, London, where it had played from 1845 to 1948. A twin of the fountain, which had also stood in Trafalgar Square, is located in Wascana Park, Regina). The park also is the site of a totem pole donated to the City of Ottawa to commemorate British Columbia's 1971 centennial, the National Aboriginal Veterans Monument and a Boer War memorial statue.
The park is also home to the Canadian Animals in War Memorial. On November 3, 2012, the dedication to Animals in War memorial took place at Confederation Park in Ottawa. The memorial consists of three plaques and sculpture of a dog located next to the South African War Memorial. The memorial was overseen by Lloyd Swick, assisted by Shalindhi Perera and Laureen Harper as honorary patron. The bronze memorial is created by David Clendining.
A large plaque, erected in 1964 by the Polish Home Army Ex-Servicemen's Association of Canada, is dedicated to the memory of Canadian airmen who flew with the Polish Home Army while flying support missions during World War II. In 1993 when the airmen were posthumously awarded a Polish decoration, a bronze replica of the Polish Home Army Cross and a small plaque with inscription were added. 
The park is surrounded on all sides by large buildings. On the east, on the other side of the Canal, is the Brutalist office tower of National Defense Headquarters. On the south, across Laurier Avenue is the complex of Ottawa City Hall and the Ottawa Courthouse. On the west, on Elgin, is the large Lord Elgin Hotel. To the north, the National Arts Centre complex can be seen.
The pathways through the park serve as a common shortcut for pedestrians heading from Elgin Street and/or Centretown to destinations to the north and east (the National Arts Centre, Rideau Street, Sussex Drive, the Rideau Centre and/or the Byward Market), since it is a more direct route than walking uphill on Elgin and Wellington Streets.
History.
The area was part of Ottawa's downtown for many years, the site of businesses related to the nearby Rideau Canal, such as Dey's Boat Works. The location was the site of The Arena from 1908 to 1927, where the original Ottawa Senators ice hockey team played. The land bordering the canal was cleared in 1927, including the demolition of the arena. The land was used to build "The Driveway" roadway along the canal, as a scenic improvement of the capital.
Along Elgin Street, the location was occupied by the Roxborough Apartments, a luxury apartment complex that had once been home to many Ottawa elites, such as Prime Ministers William Lyon Mackenzie King and Louis St. Laurent. As part of the 1949 Greber Plan, the site was to be cleared for a "Confederation Park" along the Canal from Laurier Avenue to Wellington Street surrounded by public buildings. The apartments and a number of buildings were expropriated and demolished by the federal government to build a "National Museum of Science" in 1965. The area north of the Mackenzie King bridge had already been cleared as part of the building of Confederation Square. That section was ultimately used for the construction of the National Arts Centre. In 1967, the Museum site was converted to parkland, to commemorate the Canadian Centennial (the 100th anniversary of Canadian Confederation).
From 1971 to 1993, the park was home to Ed Zelenak's massive sculpture, "Traffic." The controversial work was a large brown tube of fiberglass that was compared to a large worm or piece of dung, and led to much debate over modern art in Ottawa. It was later relocated to a more obscure location by the National Gallery.
Events.
In the summer, the Ottawa International Jazz Festival's main events are held here. In the winter, Winterlude uses the location for displays, events and its ice sculpture competition. Events of Canada Day are held at the site as well. Other festivals that spill over from the neighbouring Cartier Square plaza in front of Ottawa City Hall use the park.
Occupy Ottawa.
The Occupy movement's presence in Ottawa began on Saturday October 15, 2011 with around 500 people participating at Confederation Park. A march on Sussex Drive was held the second day, passing by the U.S. embassy. Around 75 people camped in tents, with the group planning to occupy the downtown park indefinitely. Many participants, prepared for the long haul, described Occupy Ottawa as a movement of presence, rather than just a protest.

</doc>
<doc id="2836801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836801" title="High Hopes (1988 film)">
High Hopes (1988 film)

High Hopes is a 1988 film directed by Mike Leigh, focusing on an extended working-class family living in King's Cross, London and elsewhere.
The film primarily examines Cyril (Philip Davis) and Shirley (Ruth Sheen), a motor-cycle courier and his girlfriend, along with their friends, neighbours, and Cyril's mother and sister.
Despite staying true to Leigh's down-at-the-heel, realist style, the film is ultimately a social comedy concerning culture clashes between different classes and belief systems. According to the critic Michael Coveney', "As in "Meantime", "High Hopes" contrasts the economic and spiritual conditions of siblings. And in developing some of the themes in "Babies Grow Old" and "Grown-Ups", it presents a brilliantly organised dramatic résumé of attitudes towards parturition and old age." In one of the special features included on the Criterion Collection's double-disc DVD release of Leigh's film "Naked", Leigh states that "High Hopes" is a film about the difficulty of being a socialist.
Plot.
Cyril is a strong, old-style socialist, who despairs of his elderly working-class but Tory-voting mum; her new yuppie neighbours, the Boothe-Braines (who have purchased what was once a Council house next door); and his social-climbing sister and her crass, car-salesman husband. Cyril and Shirley are portrayed as the most decent characters in the film, despite Cyril's irascible nature. Theirs is a strong relationship, marred by Cyril's reluctance to have children and his resentment that his cause is destined to be on the losing side in history.

</doc>
<doc id="2836823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836823" title="Breakestra">
Breakestra

Breakestra is a funk music project of Miles "music man" Tackett's based in Los Angeles, California. Breakestra was first formed in 1997 as a strictly live ensemble playing "covers" of funk & soul-jazz music (breaks) that had been sampled in late 80s & early 90s hip-hop seamlessly blended into each other in the same style that the foundation Bronx-based funk (hip hop) DJs would do back in the pre-sampling days of the 1970s when they would DJ records at block parties.
Miles Tackett, also known as "Musicman", records, composes, plays bass, upright cello, guitar, keyboards and drums. He also sings along with the other front man Mix Master Wolf. The style in which the breakestra plays in the live setting & on record is much influenced by late 60s and early 70s funk & soul-jazz music and the respective samples that were used in late 80s/early 90s hip hop as "The Live Mix, Part 1" and "The Live Mix, Part 2" show.
After releasing their first 7 inch single "Getcho Soul Togetha" (an original composition in fact) in 1999 on Stones Throw records and two full-length albums of mostly covers and sample-filled breaks, Breakestra put out "Hit the Floor" in 2005 on Ubiquity Records, which included all-original recordings fusing elements of hip hop, funk, and soul. Tackett put together another original full length, "Dusk Till Dawn" in late 2009 that featured guest rapper Chali 2na, the late DJ DUSK & soul vocalist Afrodyete "the african goddess of love".Tackett continues to bring different incarnations of Breakestra out on tour when not working on projects in his home studio.

</doc>
<doc id="2836827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836827" title="Ka'apor Sign Language">
Ka'apor Sign Language

Urubu Sign Language (also known as Urubu–Ka'apor or Ka'apor Sign Language) is a village sign language used by the small community of Ka'apor people in the state of Maranhão. Linguist Jim Kakumasu observed in 1968 that the number of deaf people in the community was 7 out of a population of 500. This relatively high ratio of deafness (1 in 75) has led to both hearing and deaf members of the community using the language, and most hearing children grow up bilingual in the spoken and signed languages. Other Indigenous tribes in the region have also been reported to use sign languages, and to communicate between themselves using sign language pidgins.
Notable features of Urubu Sign Language are its object–subject–verb word order, and its locating of the past in front of the signer and the future behind, in contrast to sign languages of European origin, including American Sign Language, Auslan and New Zealand Sign Language. Kyle and Woll (1985) speculate that this is represents a world view of the past as something visible, and the future as unknowable.
Kakumasu noted several features which sign language linguists today recognise as common to other sign languages, such as the use of name signs. Conditional and imperative grammatical moods are marked by non-manual features such as a widening of the eyes and tensing of facial muscles. Questions are marked with a question sign either before or after the clause, described as "a motion of the index finger towards the referent (addressee) with a slight wrist twist."

</doc>
<doc id="2836836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836836" title="Ukmergė District Municipality">
Ukmergė District Municipality

The Ukmergė District Municipality is a municipality in Vilnius County, Lithuania. The capital of the municipality is Ukmergė, the largest settlement and only city in the municipality. The entire municipality belongs to Aukštaitija ethnographic region.
Settlements.
There are 10 towns in Ukmergė municipality: Deltuva, Lyduokiai, Pabaiskas, Siesikai, Šešuoliai, Taujėnai, Vepriai, Vidiškiai, Želva and Žemaitkiemis. Ukmergė municipality shares the second place in Lithuania (with Radviliškis District Municipality) according to the number of towns. There are 612 villages in the municipality.
Vepriai is the most populous town in the municipality and is a local tourism (notably rural tourism) center. Siesikai is best known for the 16th century Renaissance Siesikai (Daumantai) Castle near Siesikai Lake. Deltuva has been the centre of the important Deltuva Land at the emergence of the centralised Lithuanian State. The ruins of one of the first Calvinist churches in Lithuania (17th century, Renaissance style) are near Deltuva. Pabaiskas was established near the location where the notorious Battle of Pabaiskas between the armies led by Žygimantas Kęstutaitis and Švitrigaila has taken place on 1 September 1435.
The first president of the independent Lithuanian state Antanas Smetona was born in Užulėnis, now Ukmergė District.
Geography.
The eastern part of the municipality belongs to Aukštaitijan Highlands and the north-western part is in Middle Lithuanian Lowlands.
Šventoji River is the largest river in the municipality and Širvinta River is the second. The other rivers are Siesartis, Mūša and Armona. Lake Lėnas is the largest lake (2.65 km²) and Lake Žirnajai is the deepest (average of 9.8 meters).
Woodlands cover about 29 percents of the district, swamps occupy 2.3 percent and 54.5 percent is an arable land.

</doc>
<doc id="2836846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836846" title="Jackson C. Frank">
Jackson C. Frank

Jackson Carey Frank (March 2, 1943 – March 3, 1999) was an American folk musician. Although he released only one official album in his lifetime and never achieved much commercial success, he influenced several better-known singer-songwriters such as Paul Simon, Sandy Denny, and Nick Drake.
Early life.
When Jackson Frank was 11, a furnace exploded at his school, Cleveland Hill Elementary School in Cheektowaga, New York. The fire killed fifteen of his fellow students and Frank suffered over 50% burns. While being treated in a hospital he was introduced to playing music, when a teacher, Charlie Castelli, brought in an acoustic guitar to keep Frank occupied during his recovery. When he was 21, he received an insurance check of $110,500 for his injuries, giving him enough to "catch a boat to England."
Music career.
His eponymous 1965 album, "Jackson C. Frank", was produced by Paul Simon while the two of them were also playing folk clubs in England. Frank was so shy during the recording that he asked to be shielded by screens so that Paul Simon, Art Garfunkel, and Al Stewart (who also attended the recording) could not see him, claiming 'I can't play. You're looking at me.' The most famous track, "Blues Run the Game", was covered by Simon and Garfunkel, and later by Wizz Jones, Counting Crows, Headless Heroes, Colin Meloy, Bert Jansch, Laura Marling and Robin Pecknold (White Antelope), while Nick Drake also recorded it privately. Another song, "Milk and Honey", appeared in Vincent Gallo's film "The Brown Bunny", and was also covered by Fairport Convention, Nick Drake, and Sandy Denny, whom he dated for a while. During their relationship, Jackson convinced Sandy to give up nursing (then her profession) and concentrate on music full-time.
Although Frank was well received in England for a while, in 1966 things took a turn for the worse as his mental health began to unravel. At the same time he began to experience writer's block. His insurance payment was running out so he decided to go back to the United States for two years. When he returned to England in 1968 he seemed a different person. His depression, stemming from the childhood trauma of the classroom fire, had increased and he had no self-confidence. Al Stewart recalled that:
Woodstock 1970s.
While in Woodstock, he married Elaine Sedgwick, an English former fashion model. They had a son and later a daughter, Angeline. After his son died of cystic fibrosis, Frank went into a period of great depression and was ultimately committed to an institution. By the early 1970s Frank began to beg aid from friends. Karl Dallas wrote an enthusiastic piece in 1975 in "Melody Maker", and in 1978, his 1965 album was re-released as "Jackson Frank Again", with a new cover sleeve, although this did not encourage fresh awareness of Frank.
1980s–death.
In 1984, Frank took a trip to New York City in a desperate bid to locate Paul Simon, but he ended up sleeping on the sidewalk. His mother, who had been in hospital for open heart surgery, found he had left with no forwarding address when she arrived home. He was living on the street and was frequently admitted and discharged from various institutions. He was treated for paranoid schizophrenia, a diagnosis that was refuted by Frank himself as he had always claimed that he actually had depression caused by the trauma he had experienced as a child. Just as Frank’s prospects seemed to be at their worst, a fan from the area around Woodstock, Jim Abbott, discovered him in the early 1990s. Abbott had been discussing music with Mark Anderson, a teacher at the local college he was attending. The conversation had turned to folk music, which they both enjoyed, when Abbott asked the teacher if he had heard of Frank. He recollected:
Frank, who had known Anderson from their days at Gettysburg College, had decided to write him to ask if there was anywhere in Woodstock he could stay after he had made up his mind to leave New York City. Abbott phoned Frank, and then organized a temporary placement for him at a senior citizens’ home in Woodstock. Abbott was stunned by what he saw when he traveled to New York to visit Frank.
Soon after this, Frank was sitting on a bench in Queens, New York while awaiting a move to Woodstock, when someone shot him in his left eye and consequently blinded him. At first no details were known, but it was later determined that children from the neighborhood were firing a pellet gun indiscriminately at people and Frank happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Abbott then promptly helped him move to Woodstock. During this time, Frank began recording some demos of new songs. Frank’s resurfacing led to the first CD release of his self-titled album. In later pressings, Frank's demos from the 70s were included as a bonus disc with the album, and an anthology Blues Run the Game contained all these tracks as well as his final demos made in the 90s. In 2014 an album of Frank's unreleased demos – 'Forest of Eden' – has been released through London based record label Secret Records. The collection includes his unheard song 'Forest of Eden' alongside 1950s demo recordings of 'Heartbreak Hotel', 2 Christmas songs 'Santa Bring My Baby Back To Me/Precious Lord' (with a spoken word greeting to his grandparents) and 3 home-recorded demos of his original songs recorded prior to his 1965 album. These original song demos are of 'I Want To Be Alone', 'Here Comes The Blues' and 'You Never Wanted Me'. The only available recordings of Frank yet to be officially released are songs made for the BBC Radio 1 show "Nightride" in 1968, but they only exist as poor quality off-air sources.
Frank died of pneumonia and cardiac arrest in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, on March 3, 1999, at the age of 56.
Legacy.
Though he never achieved fame during his lifetime, his songs have been covered by many well-known artists, including Simon and Garfunkel, Counting Crows, Nick Drake, Sandy Denny, Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Laura Marling, and Robin Pecknold (as White Antelope) of Fleet Foxes.
Nick Drake covered 4 songs from Frank's debut album, "Here Come the Blues", "Blues Run the Game", "Milk & Honey", and "Kimbie". These are found on Drake's posthumous release, "Family Tree."
Frank's song "I Want To Be Alone", also known as "Dialogue," appeared on the soundtrack for the film "Daft Punk's Electroma". This song plays when the gold robot is on fire, and slowly walking through the darkness of the Southwestern USA Salt Plains.
Soulsavers covered "Blues Run the Game" on their single "Revival" (7" vinyl, 30 April 2007).
Marianne Faithfull covered Frank's arrangement of a traditional song, "Kimbie" on her 2008 album "Easy Come, Easy Go" and included the song in the repertoire of her 2009 tour.
Erland & The Carnival also covered "My Name Is Carnival," apparently Frank's favourite song. Bert Jansch also covered this song as a gesture to Frank.
Sandy Denny's song, "Next Time Around," contains coded references to Frank, her ex-boyfriend.
"Marcy's Song" is played by Patrick, John Hawkes' character, in the 2011 film "Martha Marcy May Marlene" and "Marlene" plays in the closing credits.
Laura Barton's BBC Radio 4 programme "Blues Run the Game", first broadcast 20 November 2012, included interviews with Al Stewart, John Renbourn, Jim Abbott and John Kay as well as archive material of Jackson C. Frank talking and singing.
South Korean jazz singer Na Yoon-sun covers "My Name Is Carnival" on her album "Same Girl" (2010)
Frank's song "Milk and Honey" featured on the soundtrack of Vincent Gallo's 2003 movie "The Brown Bunny" (and prominently in the movie's trailer). It was also sampled by Hidden Orchestra in their track "The Burning Circle" and by Hip Hop artist Nas in his track "Undying Love".
Discography.
Albums.
"Jackson C. Frank" (1965)
Re-issues.
"Jackson Again", vinyl 1978, CD 1996, vinyl& CD 2001, 2 CD 2003
"Blues Run The Game" (2003) 2 CD Anthology containing all (then) available recordings
"Forest of Eden" (2013) (previously unreleased tracks and demos) from Secret Records

</doc>
<doc id="2836861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836861" title="Mondo (comics)">
Mondo (comics)

Mondo is the name of two fictional comic book characters that have appeared in the Marvel Comics series "Generation X". The first Mondo was a superhero later revealed to be a clone of the supervillain Mondo, who appeared years later. The first Mondo's first appearance was in "Generation X #3".
Fictional character biography.
Not much is known of the Samoan mutant called Mondo. He was once friends with Cordelia Frost, Emma Frost's younger sister. In an attempt to make a bid for the position of White Queen of the Hellfire Club, Cordelia had Mondo contained and handed him over to the Inner Circle of the Hellfire Club. Cordelia's scheme backfired; the Hellfire Club kept Mondo but denied Cordelia membership. Cordelia went to Emma, headmistress of the Massachusetts Academy, for help and, soon after, Mondo was rescued by Generation X and subsequently accepted an invitation to join the school.
However, Generation X later learned that the Mondo they had rescued wasn't the real Mondo but a clone, a plant-based simulacrum created by Black Tom Cassidy who had infiltrated the Hellfire Club and rescued Mondo. After taking Mondo under his wing, Black Tom created a clone of the young mutant to infiltrate the Massachusetts Academy so that Black Tom could exact vengeance on his cousin, Banshee, who was the headmaster of the Academy.
As Banshee and Emma Frost battled Black Tom, the Mondo clone began hunting down the members of Generation X. However, as the Mondo clone was about to attack Jubilee, it was shot dead by the anti-mutant militant Bastion, chief operative of . 
Later, the real Mondo appeared alongside Black Tom and Juggernaut. Completely loyal to Black Tom, the real Mondo battled the members of Generation X. Generation X attempted to talk to Mondo into not fighting, but Mondo laughed at them, reminding them that he has never met them before. Generation X and their teachers were able to defeat their opponents, but the trio still managed to escape.
Powers and abilities.
Mondo is capable of taking on the properties of any organic or inorganic material with which he comes into contact. When using his power, Mondo is able to grow in mass with an assumed proportionate growth in strength to superhuman levels. 
Mondo can absorb matter into his body, gaining the mass, appearance, and other properties of the matter in question. This change will remain until Mondo's body "digests" the organic matter, which is then disintegrated. 
Mondo is also able to use his power to travel through organic matter, such as dirt, and can appear instantaneously in the immediate vicinity of where he entered the earth.
Other versions.
Age of Apocalypse.
In the Age of Apocalypse Mondo was one of the members of "Generation Next" taught by Colossus and his wife Shadowcat. Unlike his Earth 616 counterpart, Mondo was truly heroic and had no reservations whatsoever about helping the innocent. They were given the mission by Magneto to infiltrate the Core -- a prison facility watched over by the Sugar Man -- and rescue Colossus' sister Illyana, who was crucial to Bishop's plan to save all of reality. Mondo was given the task of sneaking in through the ground and finding Illyana. He let the little girl stay in his stomach while he was in this dirt form, but he had to be wary not to keep her in too long or else she would be digested. Despite his best efforts, Sugar Man found the pair and was able to kill Mondo with his razor-sharp tongue, even though Mondo was still in his dirt form. He constantly referred to himself in the third person.
In other media.
Film.
In the "Generation X" TV movie, Mondo was played by Bumper Robinson. In the film, he is jokingly said to hate Jello because he fears he may accidentally absorb its consistency, which may be a reference to Bumper Robinson's first acting roll: a Jell-O Pudding Pop commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="2836873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836873" title="Craig Leathers">
Craig Leathers

Craig Leathers is a wrestling director and producer best known working for World Championship Wrestling's telecasts. He worked with Eric Bischoff for many years during the mid to late 1990s. In 1995, Leathers was hired as television director for Ted Turner's "WCW Monday Nitro", and later became executive producer of the show.
Biography.
"Nitro" brought an intense rivalry between WCW's Monday night program and the World Wrestling Federation's "Monday Night Raw" program. This rivalry is known as the "Monday Night Wars." Directed by Leathers and produced by Eric Bischoff, "WCW Nitro" started surpassing "Raw" in the television ratings, and held the highest ratings in cable for 82 consecutive weeks. Bischoff, along with Leathers, Annette Yother, Kevin Sullivan, and Terry Taylor wrote the majority of the storylines and content for Nitro and WCW pay-per-views.
In 1996, Leathers designed the logo for the New World Order, a heel stable which was instrumental in WCW's success. Bischoff and Leathers also came up with a the idea that many commercial breaks should be taken during live matches. While some fans at the time found it distressing, this gave the matches an unpredictable feeling to the show. Many times "Nitro" would go overtime when ratings were high, sometimes even up to 15 minutes past their scheduled timeslot on TNT. 
A few interesting shots from the 1995-1998 "Nitro" telecast include: a stationary camera (with surrounding crowd) high in the rafters giving a wide panning view of the arena - a JIB camera framed on props and pieces of equipment on the set that would boom or whip pan onto the entranceway - and various Steadicam shots following wrestlers to the ring. With the JIB and Steadicam both having wide-angle lenses and in close proximity on the set, there was a high risk of one camera capturing another. Depending on the position of the JIB, Leathers would sometimes have the Steadicam frame a shot on the ground. When cross dissolved to the Steadicam, the operator would tilt up and quickly move towards the subject. This would prove to be a stylish wipe sequence between both cameras, and in effect gave the JIB more time to swing out of view.
When Bischoff was removed from power in September 1999, Leathers would continue to direct the show for the remainder of the year, but with creative restrictions put upon him. With new management in charge, they wanted to change WCW's format to resemble WWF's style of broadcast. Changes in production included tinkering of camera angles, such as the removal of the Steadicam from the entranceway to be replaced by a standard hand held camera zoomed in from ringside. Although that change in angle may not have been as visually pleasing to some, the new management did so to better emulate the look and feel of WWF's Monday Night program.
On the February 19, 2001 "Nitro" broadcast, Leathers resumed position of television director around the time Bischoff regained some control of the company. With WCW up for sale, Bischoff and his investors' deal to purchase the company failed when Turner executives canceled WCW's timeslots. Eventually, WWF would go on to purchase several assets of WCW in late March 2001, forcing many (if not, all) employees, including Leathers, to be laid off.
World Wrestling Legends.
In 2006, Leathers produced World Wrestling Legends, a tribute to the "WCW Saturday Night" program that included well-known wrestlers and a few original crew members from the show.

</doc>
<doc id="2836875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836875" title="EIA-530">
EIA-530

Currently known as TIA-530-A, but often called EIA-530, or RS-530, is a balanced serial interface standard that generally uses a 25-pin connector, originally created by the Telecommunications Industry Association.
Finalized in 1987 (revision A finalized in 1992), the specification defines the cable between the DTE and DCE devices. It is to be used in conjunction with EIA-422 and EIA-423, which define the electrical signaling characteristics. Because TIA-530 calls for the more common 25 pin connector, it displaced the similar EIA-449, which also uses EIA-422/423, but a larger 37-pin connector.
Two types of interchange circuits ("signals" or "leads") between the DCE and DTE are defined in TIA-530: Category I, which uses the balanced characteristics of EIA-422, and Category II, which is the unbalanced EIA-423. Most of the interchange circuits are Category I, with the exception of Local Loopback (pin 18), Remote Loopback (pin 21), and Test Mode (pin 25) being Category II.
TIA-530 originally used Category I circuits for what is commonly called "Data Set Ready" (DCE Ready, pins 6 and 22) and "Data Terminal Ready" (DTE Ready, pins 20 and 23). Revision A changed these interchange circuits to Category II (para 4.3.6 and 4.3.7 of the standard) and added a "Ring Indicator" on pin 22. Pin 23 is grounded in TIA-530-A.
Confusion between the revisions has led to many incorrect wiring diagrams of this interface and most manufacturers still adhere to the original TIA-530 standard. Care should be taken to ensure devices are of the same standard before connecting to avoid complications.

</doc>
<doc id="2836877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836877" title="KZZQ">
KZZQ

KZZQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2836878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836878" title="Mario Encarnación">
Mario Encarnación

Mario González Encarnación (September 24, 1975 – October 3, 2005) was a baseball outfielder born in Baní, Dominican Republic. He played for the Colorado Rockies and Chicago Cubs for a brief duration—23 games in and . 
He had begun playing for the Macoto Cobras of the Chinese Professional Baseball League in Taiwan since 2005. He set a CPBL record by hitting two home runs in his first two at-bats in the league. On October 3, he was found dead in his team dormitory room. 
Earlier in the season, he was briefly suspended for testing positive for steroids, leading to speculation regarding the role of drugs in his death. It had also been reported that he had been suffering from a bout of gastroenteritis for several weeks prior to his death. Autopsy reports later showed that he had died from a congenital medical condition.

</doc>
<doc id="2836889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836889" title="Gordonia (youth movement)">
Gordonia (youth movement)

Gordonia () was a Zionist youth movement. The movement's doctrines were based on the beliefs of Aaron David Gordon, i.e. the salvation of Eretz Yisrael and the Jewish People through manual labor and the revival of the Hebrew language. In Gordonia the cadets learned Hebrew and the graduates organized themselves into training groups pending aliyah to the Holy Land.
History.
Founded in 1925 in Poland, the movement promoted aliyah to kibbutzim in Mandate Palestine during the inter-war period. These pioneering initiatives were crucial in the development of the kibbutz movement in Palestine and the state of Israel as a whole.
Being established after many of the other socialist Zionist movements, Gordonia, in its early years struggled existentially. Emerging from ideological crisis, Gordonia was seen as a reaction against the fatal errors of movements such as the Hashomer Hatzair whom they viewed as adopting ‘foreign ideals’ (e.g. Marxism) which threatened to divert attention from the important historical pioneering task. Gordonia saw itself as the pioneering youth movement of the Jewish masses – rejecting theoretical ideals of socialism and romanticism in favour of practical pioneering as embodied in Gordon himself. The principal distinction between Gordonia and the other movements was its decision not to engage in political activities (in alignment with the philosophies of their figurehead).
The United States branch of Gordonia was small and largely based in the Washington D.C.-Baltimore and Dallas areas, with only one summer camp, Moshava, near Annapolis. The group merged with the Labor Zionist youth movement Habonim in April 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="2836892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836892" title="NGC 17">
NGC 17

NGC 17 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus.
NGC 17 is the result of a merger between two disk galaxies, resulting in a recent starburst in the central regions and continuing starforming activity. The galaxy is still gas-rich, and has a single galactic nucleus. It lies 250 million light years away.

</doc>
<doc id="2836911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836911" title="Acacia saligna">
Acacia saligna

Acacia saligna, commonly known by various names including coojong, golden wreath wattle, orange wattle, blue-leafed wattle, Western Australian golden wattle, and, in Africa, Port Jackson willow, is a small tree in the family Fabaceae. Native to Australia, it is widely distributed throughout the south west corner of Western Australia, extending north as far as the Murchison River, and east to Israelite Bay.
Description.
"Acacia saligna" grows as a small, dense, spreading tree with a short trunk and a weeping habit. It grows up to eight metres tall. Like many "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves; these can be up to 25 centimetres long. At the base of each phyllode is a nectary gland, which secretes a sugary fluid. This attracts ants, which are believed to reduce the numbers of leaf-eating insects. The yellow flowers appear in early spring and late winter, in groups of up to ten bright yellow spherical flower heads. The fruit is a legume, while the seed is oblong and dark to black in colour.
A natural colonizer, Coojong tends to grow wherever soil has been disturbed, such as alongside new roads. Its seeds are distributed by ants, which store them in their nests to eat the seed-stalks. Disturbance of the soil brings them to the surface and allows them to germinate. Seeds germinate readily, and hundreds of seedlings can sometimes be found beneath a single parent tree. It is also extremely vigorous when young, often growing over a metre per year.
Uses.
"Acacia saligna" can be used for multiple purposes, as it grows under a wide range of soil conditions into a woody shrub or tree. It has been used for tanning, revegetation, animal fodder, mine site rehabilitation, firewood, mulch, agroforestry and as a decorative plant.
"Acacia saligna" has been planted extensively in semi-arid areas of Africa, South America and the Middle East as windbreaks and for stabilisation of sand dunes or erosion.
Invasive potential.
"Acacia saligna" has become an invasive species outside its natural range due to the following contributing factors:
It was planted in the northern suburbs of Sydney in the 1950s by well-meaning native plant enthusiasts, and has subsequently become a major weed in eastern New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia.
Environmental impact in South Africa.
In South Africa, it proliferated at an uncontrollable rate, having been introduced in the nineteenth century to produce tan bark and to stabilise the sands of the Cape Flats outside Cape Town after the indigenous bush had largely been cut down for firewood. In addition to replacing indigenous fynbos vegetation, it also hampers agriculture. It is listed as an invasive alien plant in the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa, where it has displaced native species through changing fire regimes. The introduction of the acacia gall rust fungus, ("Uromycladium tepperianum"), has proven to be highly effective at reining it in, reducing density by 80%. The acacia seed weevil ("Melanterius" species) was introduced in 2001 and has now (in 2007) reached the stage where there are sufficient numbers available to begin its distribution. It is hoped that it will reduce the seed production to a level where there is not enough seed available for stands to regenerate at a high density after fires. It is also smoked by Khoi tribes.

</doc>
<doc id="2836916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836916" title="Ispartaspor">
Ispartaspor

Ispartaspor is a Turkish football (soccer) team from the city of Isparta in Isparta Province. The team currently plays in Group 7 of the Turkish Regional Amateur League. Pink and green are the club's colours.

</doc>
<doc id="2836935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836935" title="Youssef Sofiane">
Youssef Sofiane

Youssef Sofiane () (born July 8, 1984 in Villefranche-sur-Saône) is a French-Algerian football player. He has played in England, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Algeria and Germany.
Club career.
Sofiane began his footballing career in August 2000 as a trainee at AJ Auxerre. He joined West Ham United in June 2002, when he was signed by manager Glenn Roeder on a free transfer as back-up to the club's strikers. Opportunities were rare however and he made only two appearances for West Ham, as a substitute in a 2-1 away win against Preston, and in a 3-1 win over Rushden in the first round of the League Cup, both in August 2003. He was loaned to Lille in January 2004 until the end of the 2003-04 season, and to Notts County on a one-month loan deal in September 2004, where he made three appearances, scoring one goal against Wrexham in the Football League Trophy. He then joined Dutch club Roda JC on loan through January-May 2005, where he made three substitute appearances. Despite playing in pre-season games, he was not given a squad number by West Ham for the 2005-06 season and his contract was terminated by mutual consent in August 2005. After trials with MK Dons and Coventry City, he joined Coventry on non-contract terms in October 2005. However, he made only one substitute appearance for Coventry before being released in January 2006.
After leaving Coventry, he played for La Louviere in the Belgian Jupiler League, Sportfreunde Siegen of the German Regionalliga, and US Lesquin in France.
On December 7, 2011, Sofiane signed an 18-month contract with ES Sétif. He signed as a free agent having been without a club after his contract with MC Alger ended in summer 2011. 
Representative honours.
Sofiane represented France at Under-15 to Under-18 level.

</doc>
<doc id="2836943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836943" title="Beatty Anchorage">
Beatty Anchorage

Beatty Anchorage is a logging camp located on Louise Island, one of the Queen Charlotte Islands, now known as Haida Gwaii, in British Columbia, Canada. It is one of three large logging camps remaining on the islands since the heyday of Sitka spruce logging during World War II, the other two being Moresby Camp and Aero Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2836948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836948" title="W. Davis Merritt">
W. Davis Merritt

W. Davis "Buzz" Merritt Jr. was editor of "The Wichita Eagle" from 1975 through 1998. He is considered one of the fathers of public journalism, a reform movement that urged journalists to do their jobs in ways that could help citizens engage in public life rather than discouraging them. A major component of public journalism is to train journalists to view events from the citizen's perspective rather than that of the participants in the news. Merritt is the author of three books on journalism, "Public Journalism and Public Life," "The Two W's of Journalism" (with Maxwell McCombs), and his latest, "", a critique of corporate ownership of newspapers that reserves its most pointed criticism for Knight Ridder, the company that owned "The Wichita Eagle" and his employer for 43 years.
He is especially known for "The Voter Project" and "The People Project," both demonstrations of ways that public journalism could affect journalistic practice.

</doc>
<doc id="2836953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836953" title="Suiren">
Suiren

Suiren (Chinese: 燧人, pinyin: suì rén), is the discoverer of fire, according to Chinese mythology. He is one of the legendary Three August Ones from ancient Chinese history. Images of Suiren depict him as having three eyes. He is said to have reigned half a million years during the Pleistocene epoch. 

</doc>
<doc id="2836956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836956" title="CAW Locals">
CAW Locals

This is a complete list of the local bargaining units of the Canadian Auto Workers (CAW) Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2836959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836959" title="Air Nepal International">
Air Nepal International

Air Nepal International was an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal operating international services to Kuala Lumpur, Doha, Dubai and Bangkok. It ceased operations in March 2006.
History.
The airline started services on July 24, 2005. All of its flights were suspended from December 22, 2005 without prior notice leaving 53 passengers stranded in Kathmandu.
Fleet.
Air Nepal International used Boeing 767-300 aircraft, leased from PB Air with a capacity of 245 seats, 24 being Business class and 221 Economy class. 

</doc>
<doc id="2836962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836962" title="Estadio Libertadores de América">
Estadio Libertadores de América

The Estadio Libertadores de América is a stadium located in Avellaneda, Buenos Aires Province.
It is home to the Argentine football club Independiente. The stadium was officially named only as recently as 2005, having been previously known simply as "Estadio de Independiente" or "La Doble Visera de Cemento" ("The double cement visor") because of the two roofs overhanging the spectators.
The stadium, located in "Ricardo Bochini 751/83", was built in 1928 and had a capacity of 52,823 with 27,863 seats. "La Doble Visera" was the first cement stadium to be constructed in South America, and it hold all international finals Independiente played as local team (7 of the Copa Libertadores, 3 of the Intercontinental Cups, 2 pf the Supercopa Sudamericanas and 2 of the Interamericanas Cup) as well as many Argentina international matches, mostly in the 30's and 40's.
Reconstruction.
In December 2006 the stadium was closed for major renovations. The reconstructed stadium was inaugurated on October 28, 2009, in a match against Colón de Santa Fe of the Argentine First Division championship (Apertura 2009).
The new European style stadium has a capacity of roughly 46,000 seats. It also features large digital screens, a restaurant with panoramic view of the pitch, a club museum, offices and conference facilities, and a shopping centre.

</doc>
<doc id="2836977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836977" title="Sister station">
Sister station

In broadcasting, sister stations or sister channels are radio and/or television stations operated by the same company, by direct ownership or through a management agreement. 
Radio sister stations will often have different formats, and often one station is on the AM band while another is on the FM band. Conversely, several types of sister-station relationships exist in television; stations in the same city will usually be affiliated with different television networks (often one with a major network and the other with a secondary network), and may occasionally shift television programs between each other when local events require one station to interrupt its network feed.
Sister stations in separate (but often nearby) cities owned by the same company may or may not share a network affiliation. For example, WNYW and WWOR-TV, in New York City and Secaucus, New Jersey, are both owned by 21st Century Fox. WNYW is a Fox owned-and-operated station; WWOR-TV is a MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station. In addition, stations in different cities affiliated with the same network, but not sharing an ownership tie, may refer to each other informally as sister stations.
Sister networks or sister channels, in many cases, are cable or satellite channels which are launched to either broadcast series which either premiered on the main network but has been moved out of the higher-priority schedule (such as TV Land), fulfill a specific niche of content which would not be fulfilled on the main network (such as Nick Jr. or Nicktoons) or broadcast to a wider audience than the main network (such as CNN International or Al Jazeera English). However, in other cases, these cable or satellite channels may only share common ownership. The establishment and proliferation of sister networks on cable, satellite and internet providers has become easier and more commercially profitable over the history of such media venues.

</doc>
<doc id="2836985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836985" title="Bachmann">
Bachmann

Bachmann is a surname of Switzerland and Germany. It originates as a description of the bearer as dwelling near a brook ("Bach"), such as a farm "Hofstatt am Bach" also called "Bachmanns Hofstatt" near Hinwil or Dürnten (recorded 1387), or the "Hof zum Bach" near Richterswil (recorded 1555).
Low German variants of the name include "Beckman(n); Beekman(n); Becker".
Switzerland.
There are three main lines of Bachmann families in Switzerland,
Germany.
A Bachmann family of Bohemia is attested as bearing arms in the 15th century. Their coat of arms displays two linden leaves.
North America.
The name is often anglicized to "Bachman" in North America, and sometimes as "Baughman".
Georg Bachmann (born 1686 in Richterswil, son of Jos Bachmann 1657-1736) was Mennonite, married to Anna Maria Schnebelli in 1715. He emigrated to Coopersburg, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in 1717. Their family bible, a 1536 Froschauer Bible, remains in possession of the Mennonite Heritage Center, Harleysville, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="2836997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836997" title="Tony Stokes">
Tony Stokes

Anthony Ronald "Tony" Stokes (born 7 January 1987) is an English footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Concord Rangers in the Conference South league.
Club career.
Stokes came up through the famous West Ham United academy along with Mark Noble and Kyel Reid. He made his first team debut and only appearance for West Ham at the age of 18 in September 2005 as a replacement for Tomáš Řepka in the League Cup match against Sheffield Wednesday.
During the 2005–06 season, Stokes was loaned to Conference National side Rushden & Diamonds, where he made 19 appearances. He joined Football League One side Brighton & Hove Albion in a one month loan deal in August 2006, which was extended for a second month but Stokes decided to return to West Ham after finding first-team opportunities at Brighton difficult. He made seven appearances in all competitions for Brighton. Stokes joined Stevenage Borough on a two-month loan in November 2007. He scored his first career goal in the 3–1 win over Salisbury City in December 2007. He was named reserve team captain when Jack Collison was promoted to the first team for the 2008–09 season. However, he found first team football hard to come by as Collison, Valon Behrami, Scott Parker and Mark Noble were the preferred starters and did not even make the bench on most occasions.
On 19 February 2009, Stokes joined Újpest FC on loan until the end of the 2008–09 season. He made his competitive debut for Ujpest on 7 March 2009 in a 2–0 home win against Siófok. He was released by West Ham on 3 June 2009, and signed for Újpest FC in July 2009 ahead of the 2009–10 Hungarian NB1 season.
Stokes requested that his two-year contract be terminated early and he returned to the UK in May 2010. In July 2010, Stokes signed for Isthmian League Premier Division side, Concord Rangers. Stokes was a key part of Concord Rangers start in the Isthmian League Premier Division, contributing 20 goals from 41 league appearances in his first season, and was made captain for the 2012–13 season. In 2012, he gained promotion with Concord to the Conference South, scoring the winning goal in extra time in the play-off semi-final against Wealdstone.

</doc>
<doc id="2837001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837001" title="Dexter Park">
Dexter Park

Dexter Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837004" title="Kitkatla, British Columbia">
Kitkatla, British Columbia

Kitkatla is a small Tsimshian village situated approximately 45 km S.W. of Prince Rupert, British Columbia, Canada, on the north side of Dolphin Island. The village is accessible via Prince Rupert by regular float plane flights or by boat. It is home to the Kitkatla group of Tsimshians.

</doc>
<doc id="2837006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837006" title="William Abercrombie">
William Abercrombie

Ensign William Warner Abercrombie, USN (24 July 1914 – 4 June 1942) was a United States Navy officer and Naval Aviator during World War II, who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his actions at the Battle of Midway.
Biography.
Born in Medford, Oregon, Abercrombie enlisted in the Naval Reserve as a seaman 2nd class at Kansas City, Kansas, on 27 August 1940. After undergoing elimination flight training at the Naval Reserve Aviation Base, Kansas City, from 16 September to 5 October, Abercrombie received an honorable discharge the day before Christmas, 1940, to accept an appointment as an aviation cadet, USNR, on 27 December. Three days later, the fledgling flyer arrived at the Naval Air Station (NAS), Pensacola, to begin his formal flight training.
Abercrombie underwent further instruction at Naval Air Station Miami, before he won his wings on 10 July 1941. Shortly thereafter, after receiving his ensign's stripe on 4 August 1941, he arrived at NAS, Norfolk, for temporary duty. There he joined Torpedo Squadron 8 (or VT-8), established at NAS, Norfolk, on 2 September 1941 under the command of Lieutenant Commander John C. Waldron.
Comprising part of the air group of the aircraft carrier "Hornet" (CV-8), VT-1 trained under its veteran commanding officer during the waning weeks of peace. The squadron remained as one unit until February 1942, two months after the Japanese attack on the Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor that threw the United States into global war, when it was divided into two groups—one that remained ship-based under Waldron, one that traveled to the Grumman aircraft plant on Long Island to take delivery of new aircraft. Abercrombie—nicknamed "Abbie" by his squadron-mates—remained with the former.
"Torpedo 8" operated from "Hornet" as the ship sailed from the Atlantic to the Pacific, via the Panama Canal, from February to March. "Hornet" carried the 16 North American B-25 bombers used in the Doolittle raid toward the Japanese homeland in the spring of 1942. VT-S's Douglas TBD-1 Devastator torpedo planes remained below on the hangar deck, sharing that space with "Hornet's" dive and scout bombers and fighters—all available deck space on the flight deck being occupied by the planes that would bomb Tokyo and other Japanese cities. Only after Doolittle's men had departed for Japan did "Hornet" have the ability to launch her planes in her own defense. Later that spring, VT-8 traveled with the ship as she proceeded toward the South Pacific in the company of near-sister "Enterprise" (CV-6), arriving too late to participate in the Battle of the Coral Sea (4 to 8 May 1942) that began the reversal of Japanese fortunes.
Thus after months of training and patrols, the squadron had yet to carry out a torpedo attack on enemy ships. Late in May, however, after American cryptanalysts had determined that the Japanese intended to attack Midway Island, "Hornet" and "Enterprise", together with their screening ships, proceeded to that key atoll, joined later by "Yorktown" (CV-5) and her screen.
On the morning of 4 June 1942, Lt. Commander John C. Waldron led 15 TBD-l's, one of them piloted by Abercrombie, launched from "Hornet's" flight deck. He located the Japanese carrier force and knowing full well that his planes had used up too much fuel to return safely to the ship, led them in on their torpedo runs. "Torpedo 8" pressed home a desperate and gallant attack in the face of Zero fighters and heavy antiaircraft fire, but suffered grievously. All 15 planes were shot down. Of thirty men, only Ensign George H. Gay, Jr., USNR, survived. For his part, Ensign Abercrombie posthumously received a Navy Cross and a share of VT-8's Presidential Unit Citation.
Namesake.
The destroyer escort USS "Abercrombie" (DE-343) was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="2837017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837017" title="We Know What You're Up To">
We Know What You're Up To

"We Know What You're Up To" is the debut album by Australian dance group Rogue Traders. It was released by Vicious Grooves, Virgin in Australia on 5 May 2003 (see 2003 in music). After disappointing sales and poor publicity, Rogue Traders was dropped from the label. "One of My Kind" became a Top 10 hit in Australia, the band's first hit anywhere in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2837019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837019" title="Paul McCarthy (actor)">
Paul McCarthy (actor)

Paul McCarthy (born 1967 in Melbourne) is an Australian comedy actor. He is best known for sketch comedy television series "Comedy Inc".
Career.
He began performing professionally while attending Melbourne University, touring Australia with revue show "Laminex On The Rocks" which also starred Mick Molloy, Jason Stephens and Andrew Maj.
McCarthy appeared on stand-up comedy stages in Melbourne during the late eighties and through the nineties and was a regular participant in the annual Melbourne International Comedy Festival before finding his way onto television.
He also starred in "Totally Full Frontal", a late 1990s television sketch comedy show, as well as in the hit Mick Molloy comedy "Crackerjack". He has received two Green Room Awards for his contributions to live cabaret and his (co-devised) work "Cliff Hanger In Catch A Falling Star" was awarded Best Cabaret Show at Melbourne Fringe 2002.
He is best known for starring in the highly successful sketch comedy television series "Comedy Inc." (or "Comedy Inc – The Late Shift" as it was known as between 2005 to 2007). He was, along with "Comedy Inc." co-star Genevieve Morris a 2006 Australian Film Institute Awards nominee for Best Performance in a Television Comedy. The show itself has received seven AFI nominations in all, together with one Logie Award nomination in 2006 for Outstanding Television Comedy Series, and one 2006 Rose D'Or Award for Best International Comedy Series. At the Logie Awards of 2007 he performed the opening section as David Koch, a role he frequently portrayed in "Comedy Inc".
In 2009, he starred in "Double Take". He notably played as Kevin Rudd and David Koch, as well as Bert Newton, Jerry Springer and Rove McManus.
In 2011, he acted in the short-lived live comedy television program "Live From Planet Earth", before rebounding with a starring role as former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd in the ABC1 narrative comedy series "At Home with Julia".

</doc>
<doc id="2837020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837020" title="CKRT-DT">
CKRT-DT

CKRT-DT is a French language television station affiliated with Télévision de Radio-Canada in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec, Canada. It broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on VHF channel 7 from a transmitter near Chemin du Mont Bleu in Picard.
Owned by the Simard family and their company, Télé Inter-Rives, it is sister to V affiliate CFTF-DT and TVA affiliate CIMT-DT. This arrangement makes the station part of a so-called “triple-stick”—three stations owned by a single company. All three stations share studios located on Rue de la Chute and Rue Frontenac in Rivière-du-Loup. This station can also be seen on Vidéotron channel 10 and in high definition on digital channel 602.
Overview.
The station first aired on January 14, 1962 and has been owned by the Simard family for its entire existence. Station founder Luc Simard had gotten word that CJBR-TV in Rimouski wanted to set up a rebroadcaster in Rivière-du-Loup, but felt the city was big enough for a station in its own right. The station was knocked off the air by a fire in 1963, but was only off the air for nine days.
Not long after bringing the station on-air, the Simards soon discovered that the area's rugged topography made it all but unviewable in the lower parts of the city. To solve this problem, CKRT applied for and received permission to sign on a "nested" rebroadcaster serving Rivière-du-Loup, CKRT-TV-3, on channel 13. The repeater signed on in 1964 and mainly serves the western portion of the city.
Although privately owned, CKRT does not have access to alternative non-network program sources (as privately owned English language CBC affiliates do). For this reason, it operates as a semi-satellite of CBFT in Montreal. It also carries Radio-Canada's regional news program for eastern Quebec, "Le Téléjournal/Est-du-Québec", from CJBR in Rimouski
CKRT-TV converted all its transmitters to digital by the August 31, 2011 digital transition deadline, including its transmitters that are not required to convert by this deadline. Only its transmitters in Rivière-du-Loup were obligated to convert, as Rivière-du-Loup is a mandatory market for digital television conversion.
Transmitters.
CKRT-DT was previously repeated on CBC-owned rebroadcasters in Clermont, Notre-Dame-des-Monts and Saint-Pamphile. Due to budget cuts, the CBC closed all of its transmitters rebroadcasting private affiliates on July 31, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2837023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837023" title="Anton de Kom University of Suriname">
Anton de Kom University of Suriname

Anton de Kom University is the only university in Suriname. It is located in the capital, Paramaribo, and named for Anton de Kom, an anti-colonialist activist who was killed by the Nazis while in exile in the Netherlands.
History.
Founding.
Tertiary education in Suriname dates back to the 19th century. In 1882 there was already tertiary education provided at the "Geneeskundige School" and there also existed an organized juridical education (The Law-school), which was founded in the late forties. Furthermore there were other para-university courses, namely the discipline to become a surveyor, dentist and pharmacist.
At the centenary of the "Staten of Suriname" in 1966, this organization took the important decision to cooperate with the government of Suriname to found a university. The proclamation was made on November 1, 1968 in the then still existing Theatre Star. Since then, the first of November is celebrated as Founders' Day.
On November 1, 1968 the Faculty of Law was started and other faculties followed:
Faculties.
The Anton de Kom University of Suriname has the following faculties:
Board.
The University Board is the highest governing body of the University and has the entire responsibility of the organization.
Dr.Ir Ryan Sidin is the current president.
Research Institutes.
There are five research centers doing research within their specific fields, and also rendering services to the community. The following are research centers: 
Other institutes.
Library Anton de Kom University of Suriname
Regulations for Registration.
Foreign students who meet the relevant minimum requirements must master the Dutch language to be able to follow the classes. They may submit a petition to the Ministry of Education via the University Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2837025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837025" title="End of Days (film)">
End of Days (film)

End of Days is a 1999 American action/ horror/thriller film directed by Peter Hyams starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, Rod Steiger, CCH Pounder, and Udo Kier.
Plot.
In 1979, a priest in the Vatican witnesses a comet arching over the moon, described as the "Eye of God", heralding the birth of the one chosen to be the mother of the child of Satan. The priest is then sent on a mission by the Pope to find and protect the girl from Satan's presence at all costs. However, a few Vatican Knights (led by a corrupted cardinal) insist that she must be killed to prevent Satan's plans. Meanwhile, in New York City, a newborn girl named Christine York is identified by Satanists—including her physician, Dr. Abel, and her nurse and future guardian, Mabel—as the one chosen to bear Satan's child during the last hour on New Year's Eve, 1999, due to a symbol on her arm.
Twenty years later, near the end of 1999, retired cop Jericho Cane, in a constant state of depression since his wife and daughter were murdered by hit-men, works for an elite security and protection company. He and his co-worker Bobby Chicago are assigned to protect a Wall Street banker. They are attacked by a priest named Thomas Aquinas, who is eventually captured and hospitalized. Unknown to Jericho, Aquinas somehow knew the real identity of the banker—he (the banker) has been possessed by Satan and now wields great powers. Satan locates Aquinas and brutally murders him. Jericho and Chicago see a name amongst many other things scratched into Aquinas's skin, and after some guesswork, begin searching for Christine York.
Jericho and Chicago find the now-adult York in her apartment and save her from the Vatican Knights who attempt to assassinate her. That evening, Chicago waits in a van while Jericho discusses the recent happenings with Christine. Satan arrives and blows up the van, killing Chicago. As Jericho and Christine try to flee, they are apprehended by Mabel who possesses preternatural strength despite her late middle age and lesser size. Jericho barely manages to subdue her. Satan then appears at the house and kills Mabel. Jericho and Christine flee upstairs and escape through a window. Outside, Detective Marge Francis, Jericho's superior from his days in the police force, and another police officer—both Satanists—confront him, demanding Christine. Jericho kills them both. A few moments later, Satan resurrects Marge for her usefulness as an NYPD detective to have the police search for Jericho and Christine, who have escaped to a nearby church, seeking answers from a priest, Father Kovak.
Kovak soon realizes Christine and the banker's roles. He describes how at the end of every millennium, Satan is released from Hell and possesses a man's body in order to consummate with the flesh of a preordained woman. If he succeeds in impregnating Christine with his child, he will have free rein over the world, which will result in the end of the world. After hearing that the only way to defeat Satan is to "have faith", Jericho tries to persuade Christine to go into hiding with him, but she prefers to stay with Kovak after he says that Satan's greatest trick was to fool Mankind that he did not exist and she felt Kovak's explanation was true. Frustrated, Jericho returns to his apartment, where Satan meets with him and tries to tempt him with his lost family and his anger at God in order to make him reveal Christine's location. Jericho resists and manages to throw Satan out of his apartment window. Chicago soon shows up, alive and well. Despite Jericho's initial suspicion, they make a plan to retrieve Christine.
At the church, where Kovak and his clergy inform the Pope of York's location, he orders them to hide and protect her at all costs. Unfortunately, the Vatican Knights arrive again, taking Kovak and his clergy into custody while they try to kill Christine again. Before they manage to do so, however, Jericho comes by and stops them, saving Christine and the clergy. Satan then appears, and Jericho runs away safely with Christine. The clergymen, in an act of bravery, confront Satan and try to send him back to Hell by using exorcism, but he resists them with impunity, killing the Vatican Knights, including the misguided cardinal. As Jericho and Christine arrive outside, Chicago then betrays the two; he leaves with Christine while Jericho is beaten by a mob of Satanists and left for dead. The next morning, Jericho is found and rescued by Kovak. Jericho immediately arms himself heavily to resume his search for Christine. He notices the resurrected Marge and follows her to Satan's hidden temple. There, he manages to rescue Christine and kill Marge for the second time. Chicago steps in to stop Jericho, revealing that Satan resurrected him in exchange for his help in capturing Christine. He manages to fight off Satan's influence after some persuasion by his friend; in retaliation, Satan burns him alive. Enraged, Jericho opens fire on Satan and escapes with Christine in the ensuing chaos.
The two make their way through Satan's hideout and into a subway tunnel. They board a train and attempt to escape. Satan catches up with them and kills the motorman. In the ensuing fight, Jericho fires an M203 grenade launcher at Satan, wrecking the train and buying them enough time to escape. The banker's body is now irreparably damaged and so Satan leaves it to find a new host.
Jericho and Christine escape to the streets and into another church where he prays to God to help him fight Satan. Satan smashes through the floor and confronts Jericho in his true form: a massive, winged, demonic creature. He enters Jericho's body and possesses him. Now controlled by Satan, Jericho attempts to rape Christine, but with the help of her begging words, he is able to fight Satan's control for a few seconds. Using what may be his only opportunity to redeem himself, Jericho impales himself on the sword protruding from a fallen statue of Saint Michael The Archangel, thus disabling his body for the few remaining seconds before midnight. At the stroke of midnight beginning the year 2000, the will of God frees Jericho's body and sends Satan back to the depths of Hell for the next thousand years. After being granted a vision of his wife and daughter smiling and waiting for him on the "other side" (Christine also sees them), Jericho dies contented. Christine thanks the deceased man for saving her life as she holds onto him one last time mourning over his death. Police, firefighters, and medical services arrive to help Christine as New York celebrates the start of the new millennium.
Production.
Sam Raimi and Guillermo del Toro were originally offered to direct "End of Days", but both turned it down as they were busy with other projects. Marcus Nispel was set to helm the movie, but he left due to problems with both the budget and the script, and Peter Hyams immediately replaced him.
The role of Jericho Cane was originally written for Tom Cruise, but he passed as he instead chose to work on "Magnolia" and Arnold Schwarzenegger was then cast. Liv Tyler was the first choice for the role of Christine York, but she backed out over contractual issues. Kate Winslet was initially set to play the character, but she dropped out and Robin Tunney signed on to replace her.
Reception.
"End of Days" received mostly negative reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an overall approval rating of 11%, based on 98 critics. On Metacritic, the film holds an average score of 33, based on 33 critics. It grossed $66,889,043 in the U.S. and around $212,000,000 worldwide, against a budget estimated to be between $80 million and $100 million. The film was only profitable because of its strong international numbers and DVD sales, but its final numbers were not what Universal Studios had hoped for.
Schwarzenegger received a salary of $25 million for his lead role in the film.
The film was nominated for three Razzie Awards including Worst Actor (Arnold Schwarzenegger), Worst Supporting Actor (Gabriel Byrne) and Worst Director, and was a pre-nominee for Worst Picture, but was removed shortly before the actual awards ceremony.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to the film contained, for the most part, tracks by alternative metal and industrial rock bands. It also contains the first song to be released by the "new line-up" of Guns N' Roses, the industrial rock track "Oh My God". During the editing of the film, soundtrack selections were cut into the movie in a manner that none of the songs were left out, which meant overlaying songs in scenes that are typically silent in most thriller films. In several scenes we can hear a sample from the sounds library of Spectrasonics' "Symphony Of Voices".

</doc>
<doc id="2837047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837047" title="Education in Suriname">
Education in Suriname

Suriname has an extensive educational system with free schooling compulsory until age 12. The Government and the Roman Catholic and Moravian Churches provide education for kindergarten through secondary school. As a rule, all instruction is in Dutch. The three exceptions to this rule are the International Academy of Suriname, administered by a local Christian foundation, Christian Liberty Academy, administered by the Caribbean Christian Ministries, and the AlphaMax Academy, a private nonsectarian school administered by the AlphaMax Foundation.
The adult literacy rate is approximately 89.6%. Teacher training institutes, secondary schools, and technical schools provide terminal degrees. Nurses and dental technicians are trained in conjunction with the medical faculty, but standards do not equal those found in more developed countries. The Anton de Kom University in Paramaribo has faculties of medicine, law, natural resources, and social and technical sciences. However, transfer of individual course credits to and from the U.S. is difficult, if not unlikely. Enrollment is very difficult for non-Dutch speaking persons as well. Many students still attend high schools and universities in the Netherlands. A growing number study in U.S. universities.
References.
This article was adapted from a U.S. Department of State -- Post Report located at http://foia.state.gov/MMS/postrpt/print_pr_View_All.asp?cntryID=138 (public domain)

</doc>
<doc id="2837048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837048" title="Kahul">
Kahul

Kahul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837097" title="Pete Barnacle">
Pete Barnacle

Pete Barnacle is a drummer who has played for various bands including Gillan, Girl, Broken Home, Spear of Destiny, Theatre of Hate, Yngwie Malmsteen (on the 1990 Eclipse World Tour), Sheer Greed, and Soldiers of Fortune. Barnacle now resides in Japan, teaching English, and occasionally working as a drummer.
Career.
Pete Barnacle was member of Gillan in 1979 touring on Japan, then was part of Broken Home. He joined Girl for their 1982 album "Wasted Youth", playing alongside Phil Collen. Played on Strange Cruise's self-titled debut album in 1986 before joining Spear Of Destiny in 1987, playing on three albums: "Outland" (1987), "Price You Pay" (1988) and "SOD's Law" in 1992. This band also toured in 1991 billed as Theatre Of Hate.
Since 2006, formed the band GoDoG together Sakate Sōtarō and Hashimoto Hiroyuk.
With Gillan.
The line-up of Gillan in which he played was:
Ian Gillan also sang for the bands Deep Purple, Ian Gillan Band, and Black Sabbath.
Barnacle is named as a musician on Gillan's self-titled album although he never actually played on the album, but performed with the band live.
With Girl.
The line-up of Girl in which he played was:
Pete Barnacle played on the Girl albums "Wasted Youth", "Killing Time", and "Live At The Marquee".
With Broken Home.
Broken Home were:
Broken Home released a self-titled album, which was produced by Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
With Spear of Destiny.
Spear of Destiny were:
With Theatre of Hate.
Pete was a member of Spear of Destiny from 1987–1989, recording two albums ("Outlands" & "The Price You Pay") touring extensively in the UK and mainland Europe,and making numerous TV appearances. He returned with Theatre of Hate in 1991 for the Return to 8 Tour, and agan in 1992 with Spear of Destiny after his stint with Yngwie Malmsteen, for a tour and the "Sod's Law" album.
With Sheer Greed.
Sheer Greed were:
Phil Lewis and Phil Collen also made guest appearances with Sheer Greed.
With Yngwie Malmsteen.
The line-up on Yngwie Malmsteen's Eclipse Tour was:
With Soldiers of Fortune.
Soldiers of Fortune are:
This band was formed in Okayama, Japan, in 2002. They have released one CD, "Fighting to Survive", on Storm Force Records, and played numerous live shows up and down Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2837120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837120" title="Dirk van den Broek">
Dirk van den Broek

Dirk van den Broek (born 1924) is a Dutch businessman, founder of the "Samenwerkende Dirk van den Broek Bedrijven", one of the largest family-owned businesses in the Netherlands. The company includes grocery stores, travel agencies, drug stores, liquor stores and various other ventures. Born in Amsterdam in 1924, Dirk van den Broek was the son of a farmer. Inspired by his mother who ran her own milk production and delivery operation from their farm, he and his wife Joukje started a small grocery store.
Dirk van den Broek was made Officer in the Order of Orange Nassau in 1990 by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands.
Dirk van den Broek is married with five children.

</doc>
<doc id="2837137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837137" title="Harold John Ellison">
Harold John Ellison

Harold John Ellison (17 January 1917 - 4 June 1942) was a naval aviator and member of Torpedo Squadron 8, the whole of which was lost during the Battle of Midway.
Naval career.
Harold Ellison was born in Buffalo, New York, and was appointed Ensign 20 October 1941 after completing flight training. Soon afterwards he reported to Torpedo Squadron 8 on board the aircraft carrier USS "Hornet" (CV-8).
In the pivotal Battle of Midway on 4 June 1942 Ellison, piloting a Douglas TBD-1 Devastator torpedo bomber, and his comrades led a torpedo attack on Japanese ships, pressing home the attack without fighter cover and knowing they had insufficient fuel to return to "Hornet". Though no hits were scored and all of the squadrons aircraft were shot down in this first attack, its torpedo bombers and those of Torpedo Squadron 6 and Torpedo Squadron 3 diverted the Japanese ships, decoyed their combat air patrols away from U.S. Navy dive bombers which attacked the Japanese aircraft carriers very successfully soon afterward, and thus contributed importantly to the great American victory in the battle.
Ensign Ellison was classified as "presumed dead" on 5 June 1942.
Awards.
Ensign Ellison received the Navy Cross posthumously for his gallantry at Midway.
Namesakes.
The U.S. Navy destroyer escort USS "Harold J. Ellison" (DE-545) was named in honor of Ensign Ellison, but was cancelled in 1944 while under construction. The destroyer USS "Harold J. Ellison" (DD-864) then was named for him, and was in commission from 1945 to 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2837141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837141" title="Beer (disambiguation)">
Beer (disambiguation)

Beer is an alcoholic beverage. It may also refer to:
Places.
In Biblical and other Hebrew placenames, the component "Beer-" is Hebrew באר = "water well". On its own, it is the name of the place Beer mentioned in .

</doc>
<doc id="2837144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837144" title="Basilica of St. Josaphat">
Basilica of St. Josaphat

The Basilica of St. Josaphat, located in the Lincoln Village neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States, North America, in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, is one of 62 minor basilicas found in the United States. In its grandeur and opulence it is an excellent example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of church architecture found in the Great Lakes region of North America. Modeled after St. Peter's Basilica in Rome, it features one of the largest copper domes in the world. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a designated Milwaukee Landmark.
Dedication.
The Basilica of St. Josaphat was dedicated to Josaphat Kuncevyc, a Ruthenian martyr and saint of the Roman Catholic Church, as well as of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.
History.
St. Josaphat's congregation was founded in 1888 by immigrant Poles on Milwaukee's (then) far south side. In 1896, when the parish church proved to be too small, Pastor Wilhelm Grutza commissioned the most prominent church architect of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Erhard Brielmaier. Like a number of other Polish churches in the so-called Polish Cathedral style, such as St. Mary of the Angels in Chicago or Immaculate Heart of Mary in Pittsburgh, the architectural plans for the new edifice were intentionally modeled on St. Peter's Basilica.
As the design neared completion, Father Grutza learned that the Federal Building in Chicago was being razed. He purchased the 200,000 tons of salvage material for US$20,000 and had it delivered to Milwaukee on 500 railroad flatcars, where parishioners were waiting to begin construction.
The Basilica was formally dedicated in 1901 by Archbishop Francis Xavier Katzer with 4,000 people in attendance. Once completed, it met the requirements of Milwaukee's growing Polish Catholic population by seating 2,400 members and was the city's largest church. Artist Tadeusz Żukotyński painted the first painting in the church, "The Martyrdom of St. Josaphat", in 1904.
Decoration on the interior was completed in 1926 by artists Conrad Schmitt and Gonippo Raggi. Detailed oil paintings depicting biblical scenes adorned the walls and inner dome, while ornamental plasterwork finished in gold leaf set the columns, and ornate stained glass covered the windows.
In 1929, Pope Pius XI designated St. Josaphat Church as the third minor basilica in the United States, marking it as a place of pilgrimage, special devotion, and historical significance.
An electrical fire in 1940 caused extensive smoke damage to the interior, and a lightning storm in 1947 dislodged several large blocks of stone from the base of the dome. The need for repairs could no longer be ignored. Structural maintenance and renovation of the murals began in earnest from 1948 through 1951.
Strong winds in 1986 tore a sheet of copper from the dome and severe water damage occurred. Financial assistance in repairs was the impetus for partnerships with the Franciscan Order, along with several prominent businessmen from the Polish community. This led to the establishment of the "St. Josaphat Basilica Foundation" in 1991 and allowed large scale restoration work, again by Conrad Schmitt Studios, to begin.
Construction.
The original plans drawn by architect Erhard Brielmaier called for brick construction. When it was decided that salvage material from the demolished Chicago Federal Building was to be used, Erhard had to use reverse planning in order to incorporate stone as the primary building material.
Each block was carefully measured and numbered for a best fit in the new design and hardly any stone was re-cut or went to waste. A large field nearby was used for material storage and sorting as it came off the railroad flatcars.
Six large granite columns from the Federal Building, along with their carved stone capitals, were added to the plans. The original ornamental bronze railings, lighting fixtures, and doors were also to be used.
Before construction could begin, a broad hill standing tall at its peak needed to be leveled down to the surrounding area. This monumental task was completed using nothing more than man and horse power, which hauled the earth to a new location along the western shore of the Kinnickinnic River.
The cornerstone was placed on July 4, 1897. Unskilled parishioners did most of the work under Erhard's careful guidance and direction. Hired help from among the poor also contributed, when limited church funds allowed.
Since domestic Portland cement was of unknown quality at the time, German Dyckerhoff cement was imported for use in the foundation, while old railroad ties served as reinforcement. Heavy steel rails were also used in the concrete footings for the eight piers that supported the dome.
On July 21, 1901, a high mass presided over by Archbishop Francis Xavier Katzer marked the formal completion and dedication of the basilica.
Interior decoration.
The first mural that was painted for this church was "The Martyrdom of St. Josaphat" in 1904 by the artist Zukotynski and is found directly behind and above the altar. Most of the other murals found in the church were painted by Gonippo Raggi. Conrad Schmitt Studios later restored the interior of the Basilica to its 1926 decorative grandeur, originally executed by Conrad Schmitt Studios and Roman artist Professor Gonippo Raggi, and restored the Basilica's stained glass windows imported from Austria in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="2837145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837145" title="Irving Schild">
Irving Schild

Irving Schild (born 1931) is a Belgian commercial photographer who has worked for agencies and clients. He has been the primary photographer for "MAD Magazine" for the past four decades, starting in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2837147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837147" title="Fauna of India">
Fauna of India

India has some of the world's most biodiverse regions. The political boundaries of India encompass a wide range of ecozones—desert, high mountains, highlands, tropical and temperate forests, swamplands, plains, grasslands, areas surrounding rivers, as well as island archipelago. It hosts 3 biodiversity hotspots: the Western Ghats, the Himalayas and the Indo-Burma region. These hotspots have numerous endemic species.
India, for the most part, lies within the Indomalaya ecozone, with the upper reaches of the Himalayas forming part of the Palearctic ecozone; the contours of 2000 to 2500m are considered to be the altitudinal boundary between the Indo-Malayan and Palearctic zones. India displays significant biodiversity. One of eighteen megadiverse countries, it is home to 7.6% of all mammalian, 12.6% of all avian, 6.2% of all reptilian, 4.4% of all amphibian, 11.7% of all fish, and 6.0% of all flowering plant species. 
The region is also heavily influenced by summer monsoons that cause major seasonal changes in vegetation and habitat. 
India forms a large part of the Indomalayan biogeographical zone and many of the floral and faunal forms show Malayan affinities with only a few taxa being unique to the Indian region. The unique forms includes the snake family Uropeltidae found only in the Western Ghats and Sri Lanka. Fossil taxa from the Cretaceous show links to the Seychelles and Madagascar chain of islands. The Cretaceous fauna include reptiles, amphibians and fishes and an extant species demonstrating this phylogeographical link is the Purple Frog. The separation of India and Madagascar is traditionally estimated to have taken place about 88 million years ago. However there are suggestions that the links to Madagascar and Africa were present even at the time when the Indian subcontinent met Eurasia. India has been suggested as a ship for the movement of several African taxa into Asia. These taxa include five frog families (including the Myobatrachidae), three caecilian families, a lacertid lizard and freshwater snails of the family Potamiopsidae. A fossil tooth of what is believed to be of from a lemur-like primate from the Bugti Hills of central Pakistan however has led to suggestions that the lemurs may have originated in Asia. These fossils are however from the Oligocene (30 million years ago) and have led to controversy. Lemur fossils from India in the past led to theories of a lost continent called Lemuria. This theory however was dismissed when continental drift and plate tectonics became well established.
The flora and fauna of India have been studied and recorded from early times in folk traditions and later by researchers following more formal scientific approaches (See Natural history in India). Game laws are reported from the third century BC.
A little under 5% of this total area is formally classified under protected areas.
India is home to several well-known large mammals, including the Asian Elephant, Bengal Tiger, Asiatic Lion, Leopard and Indian Rhinoceros. Some of these animals are engrained in culture, often being associated with deities.
These large mammals are important for wildlife tourism in India, and several national parks and wildlife sanctuaries cater to these needs. The popularity of these charismatic animals have helped greatly in conservation efforts in India. The tiger has been particularly important, and Project Tiger, started in 1972, was a major effort to conserve the tiger and its habitats. Project Elephant, though less known, started in 1992 and works for elephant protection. Most of India's rhinos today survive in the Kaziranga National Park. 
Some other well-known large Indian mammals are: ungulates such as the Water Buffalo, Nilgai, Gaur and several species of deer and antelope. Some members of the dog family such as the Indian Wolf, Bengal Fox, Golden Jackal and the Dhole or Wild Dogs are also widely distributed. It is also home to the Striped Hyaena. Many smaller animals such as the Macaques, Langurs and Mongoose species are especially well known due to their ability to live close to or inside urban areas.
Diversity.
There is insufficient information about the invertebrate and lower forms of India, with significant work having been done only in a few groups of insects, notably the butterflies, odonates, hymenoptera, the larger coleoptera and heteroptera. Few concerted attempts to document the biodiversity have been made since the publication of "The Fauna of British India, Including Ceylon and Burma" series.
There are about 2,546 species of fishes (about 11% of the world species) found in Indian waters.
About 197 species of amphibians (4.4% of the world total) and more than 408 reptile species (6% of the world total) are found in India. Among these groups the highest levels of endemism are found in the amphibians.
There are about 1,250 species of birds from India, with some variations, depending on taxonomic treatments, accounting for about 12% of the world species.
There are about 410 species of mammals known from India, which is about 8.86% of the world species. 
The World Conservation Monitoring Centre gives an estimate of about 15,000 species of flowering plants in India.
Biodiversity hotspots.
The Western Ghats.
The Western Ghats are a chain of hills that run along the western edge of peninsular India. Their proximity to the ocean and through orographic effect, they receive high rainfall. These regions have moist deciduous forest and rain forest. The region shows high species diversity as well as high levels of endemism. Nearly 77% of the amphibians and 62% of the reptile species found here are found nowhere else. The region shows biogeographical affinities to the Malayan region, and the Satpura hypothesis proposed by Sunder Lal Hora suggests that the hill chains of Central India may have once formed a connection with the forests of northeastern India and into the Indo-Malayan region. Hora used torrent stream fishes to support the theory, but it was also suggested to hold for birds. Later studies have suggested that Hora's original model species were a demonstration of convergent evolution rather than speciation by isolation. 
More recent phylogeographic studies have attempted to study the problem using molecular approaches. There are also differences in taxa which are dependent on time of divergence and geological history. Along with Sri Lanka this region also shows some fauna similarities with the Madagascan region especially in the reptiles and amphibians. Examples include the "Sinophis" snakes, the Purple frog and SriLankan lizard genus "Nessia" which appears similar to the Madagascan genus "Acontias". Numerous floral links to the Madagascan region also exist. An alternate hypothesis that these taxa may have originally evolved out-of-India has also been suggested.
Bio geographical quirks exist with some taxa of Malayan origin occurring in Sri Lanka but absent in the Western Ghats. These include insects groups such as the plants such as those of the genus "Nepenthes".
The Eastern Himalayas.
The Eastern Himalayas is the region encompassing Bhutan, northeastern India, and
southern, central, and eastern Nepal. The region is geologically young and shows high altitudinal variation. It has nearly 163 globally threatened species including the One-horned Rhinoceros ("Rhinoceros unicornis"), the Wild Asian Water buffalo ("Bubalus bubalis (Arnee)") and in all 45 mammals, 50 birds, 17 reptiles, 12 amphibians, 3 invertebrate and 36 plant species.
Extinct and fossil forms.
During the early Tertiary period, the Indian tableland, what is today peninsular India, was a large island. Prior to becoming an island it was connected to the African region. During the tertiary period this island was separated from the Asian mainland by a shallow sea. The Himalayan region and the greater part of Tibet lay under this sea. The movement of the Indian subcontinent into the Asian landmass created the great Himalayan ranges and raised the sea bed into what is today the plains of northern India. 
Once connected to the Asian mainland, many species moved into India. The Himalayas were created in several upheavals. The Siwaliks were formed in the last and the largest number of fossils of the Tertiary period are found in these ranges.
The Siwalik fossils include Mastodons, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, Sivatherium, a large four-horned ruminant, giraffe, horses, camels, bison, deer, antelope, gorillas, pigs, chimpanzees, orangutans, baboons, langurs, macaques, cheetahs, sabre-toothed cats, lions, tigers, sloth bear, Aurochs, leopards, wolves, dholes, porcupines, rabbits and a host of other mammals.
Many fossil tree species have been found in the intertrappean beds including "Grewioxylon" from the Eocene and "Heritieroxylon keralensis" from the middle Miocene in Kerala and "Heritieroxylon arunachalensis" from the Mio-Pliocene of Arunachal Pradesh and at many other places. The discovery of "Glossopteris" fern fossils from India and Antarctica led to the discovery of Gondwanaland and led to the greater understanding of continental drift. Fossil "Cycads" are known from India while seven "Cycad" species continue to survive in India.
"Titanosaurus indicus" was perhaps the first dinosaur discovered in India by Richard Lydekker in 1877 in the Narmada valley. This area has been one of the most important areas for paleontology in India. Another dinosaur known from India is "Rajasaurus narmadensis", a heavy-bodied and stout carnivorous abelisaurid (theropod) dinosaur that inhabited the area near present-day Narmada river. It was 9 m in length and 3 m in height and somewhat horizontal in posture with a double-crested crown on the skull. 
Some fossil snakes from the Cenozoic era are also known.
Some scientists have suggested that the Deccan lava flows and the gases produced were responsible for the global extinction of dinosaurs however these have been disputed.
"Himalayacetus subathuensis" the oldest-known whale fossil of the family Protocetidae (Eocene), about 53.5 million years old was found in the Simla hills in the foothills of the Himalayas. This area was underwater (in the Tethys sea) during the Tertiary period (when India was an island off Asia). This whale may have been capable of living partly on land. 
Several small mammal fossils have been recorded in the intertrappean beds, however larger mammals are mostly unknown. The only major primate fossils have been from the nearby region of Myanmar. 
Recent extinctions.
The exploitation of land and forest resources by humans along with hunting and trapping for food and sport has led to the extinction of many species in India in recent times.
Probably the first species to vanish during the time of the Indus Valley civilisation was the species of wild cattle, "Bos primegenius nomadicus" or the wild zebu, which vanished from its range in the Indus valley and western India, possibly due to inter-breeding with domestic cattle and resultant fragmentation of wild populations due to loss of habitat. 
Notable mammals which became or are presumed extinct within the country itself include the Indian / Asiatic Cheetah, Javan Rhinoceros and Sumatran Rhinoceros. While some of these large mammal species are confirmed extinct, there have been many smaller animal and plant species whose status is harder to determine. Many species have not been seen since their description.
"Hubbardia heptaneuron", a species of grass that grew in the spray zone of the Jog Falls prior to the construction of the Linganamakki reservoir, was thought to be extinct but a few were rediscovered near Kolhapur.
Some species of birds have gone extinct in recent times, including the Pink-Headed Duck ("Rhodonessa caryophyllacea") and the Himalayan Quail ("Ophrysia superciliosa"). A species of warbler, "Acrocephalus orinus", known earlier from a single specimen collected by Allan Octavian Hume from near Rampur in Himachal Pradesh was rediscovered after 139 years in Thailand. Similarly, the Jerdon's Courser ("Rhinoptilus bitorquatus"), named after the zoologist Thomas C. Jerdon who discovered it in 1848, was rediscovered in 1986 by Bharat Bhushan, an ornithologist at the Bombay Natural History Society after being thought to be extinct.
Destruction of animal species.
Though India currently is considered a mega diverse country with
many of the world's species sadly, hunting is a thing which has played
a crucial part in the lessening of the number of animals. One of the most
effected animal is the tiger. It has been ruthlessly hunted by the
masterminds who send innocent villagers to do these jobs. It is a
hugely successful business which is due to the high demand of tiger
bones for traditional Chinese medicines. The rhino found mostly in 
Kaziranga too is depleting fast for the enormous demand. 
The back seat has been given to the fauna by the Indian government,
and the fines that have to be paid are mostly lesser than the money 
they earn by the poaching. If something is not done fast, then many 
species shall instantly become extinct and others in due course. 
Many people and even companies have expressed strong concern over such topics.
Species estimates.
An estimate of the numbers of species by group in India is given below. This is based on Alfred, 1998.
Taxonomic lists and indices.
This section provides links to lists of species of various taxa found in India.
Plants.
See Flora of India to get information for plants

</doc>
<doc id="2837150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837150" title="Godspeed (Sheffield novel)">
Godspeed (Sheffield novel)

Godspeed is a 1993 novel by American author Charles Sheffield. Iti s essentially an adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's "Treasure Island" to a science fiction setting: instead of pirate treasure, the search is for an interstellar "Godspeed" drive.
On the isolated planet of Erin, young Jay Hara has grown up on dreams of space and legends of the fabled Godspeed drive, which once allowed humans to travel at translight speeds. After meeting Paddy Enderton, a seedy old spacer, Jay is drawn into a chase which carries him off the planet, into the asteroid belt and its tiny worldlets, and finally to the remnants of an ancient space station where the Godspeed drive may still exist. Along the way, Jay is at once awed and terrified of the piratical spacers who crew the ship, particularly the smooth-talking, ruthless captain, Daniel Shaker. Struggling to reconcile his admiration for Shaker with the man's evident viciousness, Jay eventually comes into his own as a spacer and an adult.

</doc>
<doc id="2837154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837154" title="Rockette Morton">
Rockette Morton

Rockette Morton (real name Mark Boston; born 1949 in Salem, Illinois) is an American musician, best known as a bass guitarist and guitarist for Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band in the 1960s and 1970s.
Career.
In 1963, after moving to Lancaster, California, he joined up with future Magic Band member Bill Harkleroad aka Zoot Horn Rollo in a band named B.C. & The Cavemen. Later, while performing in The Magic Band, he played on such critically acclaimed albums as "The Spotlight Kid" and "Trout Mask Replica" produced by Frank Zappa. His performances earned him nomination for Bass Player of the Year by "Playboy Magazine" in 1969.
While working with Captain Beefheart, Boston received his nickname by which he was most often associated for the duration of his career. He performed on five successful albums, which include "Trout Mask Replica" (1969), and "Lick My Decals Off, Baby" (1970), which spent eleven weeks on the UK Albums Chart, the most commercially successful of Captain Beefheart's recordings. Following them, 1972 saw the release of two albums: "The Spotlight Kid", and "Clear Spot", and last, "Unconditionally Guaranteed" (1974), which was Beefheart's eighth LP, but failed to climb the "Billboard Top 200", perceived by the Magic Band's fans as too commercial.
In the book "Lunar Notes: Zoot Horn Rollo's Captain Beefheart Experience", guitarist Bill Harkleroad details some of the tensions that arose between Don Van Vliet (best known by his stage name, Captain Beefheart) and members of the band. These tensions led to a split in 1974, when Rockette Morton left to form Mallard with bandmates John French, Bill Harkleroad, John Thomas, and Art Tripp. Following the demise of Mallard, he continued performing in various bands as guitarist and bassist. Always interested in studio performance, he remained active in his own recording studio. From 2003 to 2006 members of The Magic Band regrouped and performed on a world tour. Morton has also released a solo album, "Love Space", in 2003. Of this album he said, "If you enjoy listening to this music even half as much as I enjoyed recording it I'll be happy".

</doc>
<doc id="2837165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837165" title="Whitefriars College">
Whitefriars College

Whitefriars College is a Roman Catholic Independent school for boys located in the Melbourne suburb of Donvale. Established in 1961, the College reflects the tradition of the Carmelites, and is recognised for its uniform's brown blazer with the College Crest appearing on the breast pocket. The school has been a member of the Associated Catholic Colleges since 1999. The college was one of the first schools in Victoria to implement a notebook-computer program, which has now transitioned to a notebook-tablet program, in which every student is provided with a notebook-tablet. Its student population makes it the second largest Independent School and educator of boys in the Municipality of Manningham. 
In 2012, its VCE results ranked the college third among Catholic boys schools in Victoria, and the highest achieving school in the city of Manningham. It is the only Carmelite school in Australia. 
House system.
The College has eight houses, each one named after a Carmelite of note. The houses are:
As there is a vertical pastoral care (more commonly known as homeroom) system at the College, each house is made up of seven pastoral care groups and each group contains approximately twenty-four students. This change was made in 2005.
Each house is governed by a Head Of House. Unlike other schools, students at Whitefriars College are more so responsible to their respective Head of House combined with Pastoral Care teacher, than that of their year level co-ordinator.
50 Years Celebration.
The College celebrated it's 50th year in operation from 2010-2011. The school received a New Chapel, Quadrangle and Classrooms to commemorate the occasion. In addition to this, some existing classrooms were also renovated, providing a somewhat more modern ambiance. Students were also presented with a 50 year badge to be worn on their blazer lapel.
Uniform.
The Schools Uniform provider is Bob Stewarts of Kew.
The current academic uniform consists of:
The current sport uniform consists of:
Students are also required to have a Sports Bag, which is used for both ACC sport and Physical Education. There are also other pieces of sport uniform available for students involved in Cross -Country, Swimming and other sports. 
In 2013, it was announced that the college would make some minor changes to it's current academic uniform. The traditional brown blazer is being maintained, however, will be produced with a new material, and will also have a white a yellow trim along the lapel and cuff. Furthermore, the current Year 12 tie will replace the existing Year 7 to Year 11 tie. The junior school jumper trim will also be changed to match that of the new blazer. The current VCE jumper will also receive the same trim as the junior school jumper, and the existing logo will be slightly larger than its predecessor.
The new blazer was first implemented in 2014 to both School Captains and House Captains. The rest of the changes are presumed to be implemented to the entire college from 2015, with a predicted transition period of around 2 years.
Facilities.
Whitefriars college is situated upon 19 hectares of land, making it one of the largest sites of any Catholic Secondary College in Melbourne. 
It has a range of facilities, most being specific to the faculty which resides within the building. 
Faculty of Sport
Faculty of Science and IST
Faculty of English (Butler Building or, B-Block, First Floor)
Faculty of Visual Arts (Butler Building or, B-Block; Second Floor)
Faculty of Performing Arts (Butler Building or, B-Block; Third Floor)
Faculty of Mathematics (Undercroft or, U-Block)
Some facilities are not faculty specific, and include:
The Duncan Centre (D-Block)
Named after Bernadette Duncan, this 8 classroom block was completed in 2007, specifically for the use of Year 7's. Each classroom is specific to a year 7 house class. It also has a foyer that acts as a Pastoral Care room.
F-Block
An 8 classroom block, consisting of 3 newer classrooms completed alongside the duncan centre in 2007, and 5 portable classrooms. It is primarily used by year 8's and 9's. 
Southern Wing
A five classroom block mainly used by middle school and LOTE classes. It also has 1 science lab, used mainly for Junior School Science. 
Shortis Library
Named after the founding principal of Whitefriars, Fr. Frank Shortis, the library is widely used before school, during recess, lunch and afterschool by students of all year levels. It provides a wide array of information services that extend far beyond that of average school libraries, as well as acting as a light and relaxed social gathering space for students. It is one of the most used facilities within the college, also offering Year 10 study hall after school on specified days. 
Cameron Centre
Named after the Colleges Services Co-ordinator, Mrs Marie Cameron, this centre is equipped with a large canteen and spacious decking for students to enjoy. It is also home to the Whitefriars Health Centre, Uniform Store, Second-Hand Uniform store and the Notebook Service Centre. 
In May 2014, it was announced that the cameron centre would undergo renovations, creating a relaxing and warm environment for students to socialise. The renovations are assumed to be completed by the start of the school year in 2015. 
Undercroft and Study Hall
The undercroft is located underneath the college library, and consists of 4 classrooms, mainly used for VCE Mathematics. It also houses the Year 12 study hall.
In 2013 it was announced that the Study Hall would undergo a light renovation, creating a comfortable environment for year 12 students to study collectively in. It was completed in time for the commencement of the school year in 2014.
Community service.
The school has two student-run community service organisations, the Key Club, sponsored by the Doncaster-Templestowe Kiwanis, and Young St. Vinnie's. Both groups work in the school community as well as in the wider community on a number of projects. The Key Club runs a recycling drive and St Vinnie's runs a weekly blood donation drive, in which VCE students are encouraged to donate blood.

</doc>
<doc id="2837169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837169" title="John Helliwell">
John Helliwell

John Anthony Helliwell (born 15 February 1945, in Todmorden, Yorkshire, England) is an English musician and the saxophonist and occasional keyboardist, woodwind player, and background vocalist for the rock band Supertramp. He also serves as a MC during the band's concerts, talking to and making jokes to the audience between songs.
Helliwell played with The Alan Bown Set, replacing Dave Green when he joined in January 1966, before joining Supertramp in 1973 along with bassist Dougie Thomson, who convinced Helliwell to make the move. In 2004, Helliwell formed the band Crème Anglaise with Mark Hart, who joined Supertramp in 1985. This group recorded their eponymous debut album in 2005.
In 1987, Helliwell played on Pink Floyd's album Momentary Lapse of Reason; his name was misspelled as "Halliwell". This was after Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour had played on Supertramp's album Brother Where You Bound.
During a professional lull in the 1990s, Helliwell began studying for a music degree at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester, but he discontinued his studies to join Supertramp on tour when "Some Things Never Change" was released

</doc>
<doc id="2837191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837191" title="Mark Gardner (baseball)">
Mark Gardner (baseball)

Mark Allan Gardner (born March 1, 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball and current bullpen coach for the San Francisco Giants.
Playing career.
Gardner pitched in the Major Leagues from to for the Montreal Expos, Kansas City Royals, Florida Marlins, and the Giants. In his career, Gardner pitched in 345 games, posting a record of 99–93 and a 4.56 ERA. He appeared in 275 of his 345 career games as a starter. Gardner was also used as a long reliever and spot starter during the final years of his career. On July 26, 1991, Gardner no hit the Dodgers for nine innings but gave up a hit in the top of the 10th.[http://www.retrosheet.org/boxesetc/1991/B07260LAN1991.htm]
Gardner played the last six seasons of his career with the Giants. He shared the 2001 Willie Mac Award with Benito Santiago, which recognized each of their spirit and leadership.
Coaching career.
One season after retiring, Gardner became the Giants' bullpen coach in . He is now in his 11th season in the position.
Personal.
Gardner attended Clovis High School in Clovis, California and California State University, Fresno, where he met his wife, Lori Gardner, an All-American softball pitcher. He and Lori have 2 sons. Lori Gardner struggled with liver cancer for several years during her husband's tenure with the Giants before dying from the disease in 2003. The Gardner family remains active in the Donate Life America organization.

</doc>
<doc id="2837193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837193" title="Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo House">
Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo House

The Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo House is a French Renaissance revival mansion located at 867 Madison Avenue on the corner of East 72nd Street in the Lenox Hill neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Completed in 1898 it was designed by the architecture firm of Kimball & Thompson and has been more specifically credited to Alexander Mackintosh, a British-born architect who worked for Kimball & Thompson from 1893 until 1898.
Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo, the New York heiress who commissioned the mansion, never actually moved in.
Architecture.
The mansion was modeled on the chateaux of the Loire Valley in France. Architecture critic Henry Hope Reed Jr. has observed about it:
The fortress heritage of the rural, royal residences of the Loire was not lost in the transfer to New York. The roof-line is very fine...The Gothic is found in the high-pitched roof of slate, the high, ornate dormers and the tall chimneys. The enrichment is early Renaissance, especially at the center dormers on both facades of the building, which boast colonnettes, broken entablatures, finials on high bases, finials in relief and volutes. In fact, although the dormers are ebullient, ornamentation is everywhere, even in the diamond-shaped pattern in relief on the chimneys (traceable to Chambord).
The first floor was a large center hall with rooms on each side for reception and servants activities. The second floor housed the main salon, the dining room and the butler's pantry. The third floor was where the master bedroom was located while the fourth floor housed the servants quarters and guest bedrooms.
History.
Although the house had been commissioned by Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo, the eccentric heiress never moved into it, preferring to live across the street. The building remained vacant until 1921, at which time the first floor was converted into stores and two apartments were carved out of the upper four floors. Commercial enterprises which have used the location at various times include an antique store, Christie's auction house and a Zabar's-owned restaurant.
Photographer Edgar de Evia, first saw the duplex apartment on the fourth and fifth floors when it was occupied by Dr. Stanton a homeopathic physician that de Evia was sent to consult by Dr. Guy Beckley Stearns for whom de Evia worked as a researcher. When de Evia's photographic career was taking off in late 1940s the duplex became available and he rented it as his home with his companion and business partner, Robert Denning and his mother Miirrha Alhambra the former Paula Joutard de Evia. It would remain his home for over 15 years.
The building was owned by the 867 Madison Corporation in the 1950s, which offered it to de Evia for sale or net lease in 1956. At that time he created Denvia Realty Corporation with his partner Denning and they entered into a ten year net lease, becoming the landlords of the building. At this time de Evia and Denning began using the entire third floor for de Evia's studios, the fourth floor, the lower floor of their original duplex contained the living Room, dining room, ballroom and de Evia's mother's bedroom. The fifth and top floor contained the master bedroom which had a bathroom at either end and the servants rooms. Offices on the second floor were rented to the interior decorators Tate and Hall, among others. The shops on the street level included the Pharmacy on the corner and the Rhinelander Florist on the Madison Avenue side.
After meeting Vincent Fourcade in 1959 Denning started to entertain prospective decorating clients in the apartment while de Evia was at his Greenwich, Connecticut estate. These included Ogden and Lillian Phipps and led to the forming of Denning & Fourcade. 
By 1963 de Evia took the fifth floor and converted it into his own residence opening up the smaller rooms. The 10 rooms on the fourth floor were at this time rented to the restaurateur Larry Ellman owner of the Cattleman Restaurant.
During the Denvia net lease the building was sold by the 867 Madison Avenue Corporation to Central Ison, Ltd. for US$590,000. From 1967 until the early 1980s a nearby church used the top two floors for their offices. 
Ralph Lauren obtained the net lease in 1983 and started a massive overhaul of the building to create his Polo Ralph Lauren flagship store. Naomi Leff supervised the rehabilitation of the building. It took around 18 months working in the final months around the clock. Published figures put the cost around $14–15 million. Ownership of the building has changed several times during his lease, from US$ 6.4 million in 1984, five years later in 1989 it sold for US$ 43 million and the most recent sale in 2005 being reported at a record US$80 million.
The Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo House was designated a New York City Landmark in 1976, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2837194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837194" title="Parks and open spaces in Haringey">
Parks and open spaces in Haringey

The London Borough of Haringey maintains 600 acres (240ha) of parks and open spaces within its boundaries. These range in size from Finsbury Park to a number of playgrounds and sports fields. Alexandra Park, the area surrounding Alexandra Palace, is also located here.
Lordship Recreation Ground is one of 11 parks throughout Greater London chosen to receive money for redevelopment by a public vote. The recreation ground received £400,000 towards better footpaths, more lighting, refurbished public toilets and new play areas for children.
Until their disbandment in April 2009, the parks were patrolled by the Haringey Parks Constabulary.
As of 2011, a partial list of parks and open spaces in Haringey was as follows:
Haringey Council also contributes to the upkeep of Lee Valley Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2837201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837201" title="Borland Together">
Borland Together

Together is a product from Borland, formerly from TogetherSoft (acquired by Borland in 2003), that currently integrates a Java IDE, which originally had its roots in JBuilder, with a UML modeling tool.
The product line was previously sold in three levels of functionality: Together Developer, Together Designer, and Together Architect; however, since 2007, Together has been unified into a single product. Earlier versions of the Together products were completely proprietary self-contained applications, whereas since the 2006 version Together has been based on Eclipse. The installation allows installing Together using an existing Eclipse installation.
Together is implemented as a set of Eclipse plugins. Together Developer provides Unified Modeling Language (UML) 1.4 modeling, multilanguage support, physical data modeling, design patterns, source code design pattern recognition, code template design and reuse, documentation generation, and code audits and metrics. Together adds language-neutral UML 2.0 diagramming, business process modeling, and logical data model, and logical to physical data model transformation and custom pattern support.
Together currently uses the Eclipse 4.3.1 platform.
BPMN diagrams can be created by import from and used to generate output to business process execution language with Web Services definitions (BPEL4WS).
Audits and metrics are provided at both the model and code level, defined in Object Constraint Language (OCL) 2.0.
Together supports Design Patterns, Java 6, C++, CORBA, and Query/View/Transformation model transformations.

</doc>
<doc id="2837225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837225" title="David E. Mark">
David E. Mark

David Everett Mark (November 15, 1923 – September 17, 2005) was a Career Minister in the United States Foreign Service.
Born in New York City to Leslie Mark (ne Lazarus Macht) and Lena Tyor Mark, Mark graduated from Columbia University, and while serving in the Army Air Corps during World War II, he completed his studies at Columbia Law School. He joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1946, serving first in South Korea, Germany, Finland, Romania, and Moscow in the 1950s. 
Mark met his wife, Elisabeth Ann Lewis, in Moscow in 1958 where she headed the Anglo-American school. They married in Washington, D.C. in 1959, and moved to Geneva, Switzerland where Mark joined the delegation to the Test Ban Treaty negotiations. 
In the early 1960s, Mark served in various capacities in INR at the U.S. State Department until his appointment as United States Ambassador to Burundi from 1974 to 1977. From 1979 to 1981 he served again at the State Department as a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State. After retirement from government in 1981, he consulted on international affairs for ALCOA in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
Mark spoke fluent Russian, German, and French, and was conversant in Portuguese, Spanish, Italian and Japanese. With the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1989 and the dearth of Russian linguists, Mark was asked to help establish the American Embassy in the former Soviet Republic of Georgia. He returned to Tbilisi in 1992 to participate in helping the Georgians write their Constitution. 
During the 1990s until his death, Mark was an active member of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City. He volunteered every week for nine years as a guide and translator for Big Apple Greeters of New York. He worked full-time as a licensed New York City tour guide for Gray Line/CoachUSA. When he was not volunteering and touring on the Gray Line bus tours, Mark taught a variety of courses as an adjunct professor of global affairs at New York University.
Ambassador Mark died in a car accident in 2005 at age 81.

</doc>
<doc id="2837227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837227" title="Mustafa Kamil Pasha">
Mustafa Kamil Pasha

Mustafa Kamil Pasha (, ) (August 14, 1874, Cairo, Egypt – February 10, 1908, Cairo) was an Egyptian lawyer, journalist, and nationalist activist.
Biography.
The son of an Egyptian army officer, Kamil was trained as a lawyer at the French law school in Cairo and the Law Faculty at the University of Toulouse in France. As a passionate nationalist, he supported Egypt's khedive, Abbas Hilmi II, who strongly opposed the United Kingdom's occupation of Egypt and Sudan. He also sought co-operation with France and the Ottoman Empire, but later he gradually grew more independent of outside backers, and appealed mainly to the Egyptian people to demand the end of the British occupation. He also called on Khedive Abbas to grant constitutional government to his subjects. 
In 1900, Kamil founded the newspaper Al-Liwa' ("The Standard") as a platform for his views and utilized his skill as both a journalist and lawyer. He also founded a boys' school open to Egyptian Muslims, Christians, and Jews. His cause was strengthened by the Dinshaway Incident in June 1906 in which four peasants were hastily tried and hanged for having assaulted uniformed British officers who were shooting pigeons in their village.
He was supported strongly by Mohammad Farid, a prominent member of Egypt and Sudan's aristocracy. With Farid's assistance, Kamil founded the National Party in December 1907, two months before his death. His funeral was the occasion for a massive demonstration of popular grief. Farid, who spent his last penny supporting the country's national liberation movement, became the leader of the National Party after Kamil's death. 
The mausoleum of Mustafa Kamil (built between 1949–53) close to Cairo's Citadel in neo-Mamluk style is open to the public as a museum, and holds in a side room a display of memorabilia related to him.
Kamil is remembered as a fervent Egyptian nationalist, and an articulate advocate of Egyptian independence. The current Egyptian national anthem (Bilady) is thought to have been inspired by one of Mustafa Kamil's speeches.- "If I weren't an Egyptian, I would have wished to be an Egyptian," one of most famous quotes in Egyptian modern history, was said by Mustafa Kamil.
Fazlur Rahman Malik argues that even though he was necessarily secular, his nationalism was inspired by an Islamic past. This appears to be the natural conclusion as Egypt had remained under the Islamic Caliphate system for centuries before. The British often accused him of advocating pan-Islam, and it is well known that he supported the Ottoman Sultan against the Egyptian Government and the British who dominated Egypt in the dispute over Taba in May 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="2837235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837235" title="Postvention">
Postvention

A postvention is an intervention conducted after a suicide, largely taking the form of support for the bereaved (family, friends, professionals and peers). Family and friends of the suicide victim may be at increased risk of suicide themselves. Postvention is a term that was first coined by Shneidman (1972), which he used to describe "appropriate and helpful acts that come after a dire event." In Schneidman's view, "the largest public health problem is neither the prevention of suicide nor the management of suicide attempts, but the alleviation of the effects of stress in the survivors whose lives are forever altered." Postvention is a process that has the objective of alleviating the effects of this stress and helping survivors to cope with the loss they have just experienced. 
The aim is to support and debrief those affected; and reduce the possibility of suicide contagion. Interventions recognize that those bereaved by suicide may be vulnerable to suicidal behaviour themselves and may develop complicated grief reactions.
Postvention includes procedures to alleviate the distress of suicidally bereaved individuals, reduce the risk of imitative suicidal behavior, and promote the healthy recovery of the affected community. Postvention can also take many forms depending on the situation in which the suicide takes place. Schools and colleges may include postvention strategies in overall crisis plans. These strategies are designed to prevent suicide clusters and to help students cope with the emotions of loss that follow the suicide of a friend. Individual and group counseling may be offered for survivors (people affected by the suicide of an individual). 
Organizations.
The Suicide Aftercare Association[http://www.suicideaftercare.org], a 501(c)(3) public charity, was formed to reduce the possibility of suicide contagion and secondary suicides by performing biohazardous cleaning of suicide attempt and completion scenes so families are relieved of this burden.
Programs.
Responding to Loss (RTL).
Responding to Loss (RTL) is one of the crisis response programs that has been used to deal with postvention at high schools. This program is part of the Community Action for Youth Survival (CAYS), which is a three year adolescent suicide prevention project serving three counties in the Chicago area. The objective of RTL is to provide strategies that will help high school crisis teams develop a structured response to the suicide of any student or member of the staff. There are three components to this program. The first is Preparing for Crisis Training, the second is Peer Witness Intervention, and the third is Crisis Consultation. This program proved to be quite successful during its trial and the participants of the program were generally satisfied with the training that they received. As a result of this program, several schools have developed or revised their crisis team in response to a suicide. They have done this by following the Preparing for Crisis training aspect of the program and also through consulting with the CAYS program. 
LOSS.
The LOSS Program includes a first-response team with the objectives of delivering immediate services to the survivors of a suicide at the time of the death. This team is made up of para-professional survivor volunteers and staff members of the Baton Rouge Crisis Intervention Center, located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The LOSS Program is different from other postvention programs in several ways. First, the LOSS team physically goes to the scenes of the suicides to begin helping the survivors to cope with their loss as close to the event of death as possible. Members of this team can provide access to the needed resources and can begin the grieving process at the scene of the death. Second, since the LOSS team includes survivor volunteers at the scene, an immediate and meaningful bond is established between the newly bereaved individuals and the para-professional surveyor team members. This bond allows for the start of a conversation about the grief and the potential for hope of a suicide between the bereaved and the crisis team members. Third, the LOSS team has a strong relationship with other first responders, such as law enforcement, emergency services, fire departments, funeral home representatives, and more. This relationship allows the newly bereaved to have a larger variety of choices in regards to coping with a suicide compared to other survivors who might not have access to this program. This model of postvention provides referrals for additional support to all survivors and individuals at the scene of the suicide The model of the LOSS Program has changed the scene of the suicide to a more "concerned and caring environment" for all individuals and survivors. 

</doc>
<doc id="2837237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837237" title="Later Jin (Five Dynasties)">
Later Jin (Five Dynasties)

The Later Jìn () (936–947) was one of the Five Dynasties during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in China. It was founded by Shi Jingtang, posthumously known as Gaozu of Later Jin.
Founding of the Later Jin.
The first of the Shatuo Turk dynasties was founded in 923 by Li Cunxu, the son of the great Shatuo Turk chieftain Li Keyong. Called the Later Tang, it extended Shatuo Turk domains from their base in Shanxi to most of northern China, and into Sichuan. After Li Cunxu’s death, his adopted son, Li Siyuan became emperor. However, the relationship with the Khitan, which was vital to the rise of the Shatuo Turks to power, had soured.
Shi Jingtang, son-in-law of Li Cunxu, rebelled against him, and with the help of the Khitan, declared himself emperor the Later Jin in 936.
Territorial extent.
The Later Jin held essentially the same territories as the Later Tang, except for Sichuan in the southwest, which was lost by Later Tang in its waning years (as the region became independent as Later Shu).
The other major exception was a region known as the Sixteen Prefectures. By this time in history, the Khitan had formed the Liao Empire out of their steppe base. They had also become a major power broker in northern China. They forced the Later Jin to cede the strategic “Sixteen Prefectures” to the Liao. Consisting of a region about 70 to 100 miles wide and including modern-day Beijing and points westward, it was considered a highly strategic region, and gave the Liao even more influence in northern China.
Relations with the Khitan.
The Later Jin had often been criticized for being a puppet of the emerging Liao empire. The help of their powerful northern neighbors was vital in the formation of the Later Jin, and the cession of the Sixteen Prefectures led to their derision as being the servants of the Khitan.
However, after the death of the founder of the dynasty, Shi Jingtang, his adopted son (and nephew) and successor Shi Chonggui defied the Khitan, resulting in the latter invading the territory of the Later Jin in 946 and 947, resulting in the destruction of the Later Jin.

</doc>
<doc id="2837239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837239" title="Igra">
Igra

Igra () is a rural locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Igrinsky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located north of Izhevsk at the European route E22, which changes there from M7 to the main Siberian route P242. Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="2837250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837250" title="1818 in architecture">
1818 in architecture

The year 1818 in architecture involved some significant events.

</doc>
<doc id="2837252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837252" title="Bulavin Rebellion">
Bulavin Rebellion

The Bulavin Rebellion (Astrakhan Revolt) is the name given to a war 
of Don Cossacks against Imperial Russia between the years 1707 and 1708. The war was led by Kondraty Bulavin, a democratically elected Ataman of Don Cossacks. The war was triggered by a number of underlying tensions between the Imperial government under Peter I of Russia, the Cossacks, and Russian peasants fleeing from serfdom in Russia to gain freedom in the autonomous Don area. It started with the assassination of Prince Yury Dolgorukov, the leader of Imperial army's punitive expedition to the Don area, by Don Cossacks under Bulavin's command. The end of the rebellion is associated with Bulavin's death in 1708.
Underlying causes.
A number of social grievances were prevalent in the peasant population of Russia in the years leading up to the Bulavin Rebellion. Peter the Great's radical reforms designed to "Westernize" old Muscovy in the 18th century were met with widespread discontent. The pious, deeply conservative masses saw his reforms as an affront to their traditional way of life and to their Orthodox faith. Peter was even equated to the Anti-Christ and assumed to be an impostor posing as the true Tsar. On top of this, Peter's newly formed police state was expanding territorially, and by this expansion was encroaching upon salt resource sites coveted by the Cossacks for preservation of their foods. This dispute over land was in one sense an economic issue, but the Cossacks also regarded this as an intrusion upon their semi-autonomous political state. In general, the entire rural Russian atmosphere was in an agitated state, waiting for a catalyst of some kind.
Immediate catalyst.
In response to the constraints and fears of living in Peter's police state, large numbers of serfs absconded, abandoning the major urban areas, especially Moscow and the new capital at St. Petersburg. While some groups emigrated to Poland or Austria, many chose to avoid the border patrols and instead fled to the rural periphery and the river regions already inhabited by the Cossacks. It was Peter's policy to hunt down and arrest absconders and return them to their lords where they could be counted for taxes, a policy which, by this time, had no statute of limitations. In accordance with this policy, Peter deployed a group of bounty hunters under Yuri Dolgoruki to scout the Cossack regions for fugitive peasants. Despite the fact that the Cossacks harbored some resentment towards the peasants (for overpopulating their region and generally competing for local resources), more deplorable to them was the idea of Petrine agents roaming freely through their territory. They not only refused to give up the fugitive peasants, but on October 8, 1707, a small band of local "atamans" headed by Kondrati Bulavin ambushed and murdered Dolgoruki and his men in the village of Shulgin on the Aidar River, opening the door to violence and beginning the Bulavin Rebellion.
Bulavin the Man.
Little is known about Bulavin personally, but he was born into a Cossack family and would have been old enough to remember Stenka Razin and the revolt of the late 17th century. He developed some combat experience fighting the Kuban and Crimean Tatars in his youth. However, he was never a particularly great military commander, and throughout the rebellion that bears his name, he would forever fall short of becoming an undisputed leader. By 1704, he had risen to the status of ataman of Bakhmut, a position he held until 1706. It was during this stint that he orchestrated and participated in the destruction of the salt works on the Severski Donets, an act of retaliation for having been evicted by the government as squatters. This conflict was never entirely resolved and was ultimately absorbed into the greater rebellion as it gained momentum. Bulavin was most likely illiterate, but like his contemporary revolutionaries, he possessed a talent for appealing to the people and inciting them to action.
General details.
Bulavin's rally cries were simple: the goal was to move against Moscow and destroy the evil influences on the Tsar. It is important to note that the rebellion was not against the institution of Tsardom but against the figures in power at the time. It was generally believed that Peter was either not who he claimed (i.e. the Antichrist sitting in place of the true Tsar who was hidden away), or that he was indeed the rightful Tsar but was under the control of evil advisers whose destruction would liberate him, and that if given the freedom to act, he would repudiate all of his wicked reforms.
The rebellion suffered from a number of weaknesses. For one, despite all of his rallying, Bulavin never offered a pretender to the throne or suggested a "just tsar" to replace Peter. This blunder would condemn the rebellion's end goals to ambiguity and would let slip an immeasurable amount of support he might have mustered. Second, Bulavin did not coordinate his efforts with any other pre-existing Muscovite enemies, so despite being heavily engaged in war with Sweden, the military apparatus under Peter was not as divided as it could have been and found the rebellion to be more of a nuisance than a major conflict. By means of its vastly superior size and efficiency, the regular army was ultimately capable of stamping out the rebellion at all levels. In the end, angered by devastating reversals and Bulavin's tiring claims, factions of his own Cossack followers turned against him. He was found dead on July 7, 1708, having been shot in the head. It is not known whether the wound was self-inflicted or an act of treachery. Following Bulavin's death, the rebellion petered out, with pockets of resistance persisting through 1709, but for all intents and purposes, the conflict was over.
Political and social aftermath.
As mentioned, the Bulavin Rebellion bore striking similarities to Razin's Revolt a generation earlier. Both were Cossack rebellions in part, aimed against an imposing governmental institution and driven by animosity for the miserable state of peasant life. They effectively set the stage for the Pugachev Uprising under Catherine the Great.
In response to the uprising, Peter tightened his grip on the Cossack states, causing some 2000 under Ignat Nekrasov to flee to the protection of the Crimean Khanate. Descendants of these Nekrasovites would relocate to Anatolia during the Pugachev Uprising and settle near Constantinople, where their traditional culture would continue to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="2837254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837254" title="Rubbermaid (comics)">
Rubbermaid (comics)

Rubbermaid (Andrea Margulies) is a fictional character, a mutant appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "X-Treme X-Men" #20 (2003).
Fictional character biography.
Jeffrey Garrett.
Andrea Margulies is one of the youngest students at the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning and one of Emma Frost's numerous advisees. When Bishop and Sage visit the X-Mansion during a murder investigation, Rubbermaid and fellow students Tantra, Gloom, Silicon, and Zach decide to play pranks on the two X-Men. Rubbermaid attempts to wrap herself around Bishop, but Bishop manages to subdue her.
In issue 22 (the Schism Arc), it is revealed by Emma Frost that Jeffrey Garrett, a mutant who is accused of murder, has won her heart. He is the reason why Bishop and Sage came to the X-Mansion. When they arrived again, Andrea wrapped herself around Jeffrey after he was shot by Sage so he would receive no further harm. When Jeffrey woke up, he told her to run, but she would not leave him. When Storm and Emma arrived, the children were all gone. The two rushed to the danger room where Bogan was. Oliver, aide to Mr. Bogan, who had Rubbermaid in his arms, fainted.
Alpha Squadron.
Following the formation of training squads, Rubbermaid is assigned a new adviser, Northstar, and is placed on Alpha Squadron along with fellow student Victor Borkowski. When Northstar is seemingly killed by Wolverine, former New Mutant Karma takes over as the squad's adviser.
Death.
On M-Day, Rubbermaid loses her powers, and she is killed when the bus she and other depowered students are riding home is blown up by William Stryker's forces.
Powers and abilities.
Before she lost her powers, Rubbermaid had the ability to stretch her body to great lengths and absorb physical damage without sustaining injury.

</doc>
<doc id="2837255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837255" title="Raging Stallion Studios">
Raging Stallion Studios

Raging Stallion Studios based in San Francisco, California, is a major adult film studio and one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography. It was begun by Chris Ward and J. D. Slater; Michael Brandon later became a co-owner. Michael Brandon starred in several Raging Stallion films before deciding to buy into the company. All three have produced and directed video features released by the company. Ward focused on doing fetish features with fisting; Slater has a "Centurion Muscle" line; Brandon did a "Monster Bang" line. Slater also worked on soundtracks for the films, and has released some of this music on CDs.
In 2005, Raging Stallion released 22 new feature films.
In 2009, Raging Stallion merged with AEBN/NakedSword.com. AEBN then purchased Falcon Studios in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2837261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837261" title="Skull Snaps">
Skull Snaps

Skull Snaps was a funk group active between 1963 and 1973. Until 1970 they were known as The Diplomats, and released a number of singles with some success. Renamed Skull Snaps, they released an eponymous album on the small GSF label in 1973 before disappearing.
The "Skull Snaps" album contains drum breaks that have been sampled numerous times on various hip hop records: the familiar opening drum pattern of "It's a New Day" can be heard in songs by well-known acts such as Ol' Dirty Bastard, Das EFX, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Eric B. & Rakim, Digable Planets, DJ Shadow, The Prodigy and others.
Ten12 Records re-united all the original members of Skull Snaps (Erv Littleton Waters, Sam O. Culley, and George Bragg) in 2005 in tandem with the band's first official release, "Snapped"/"I'm Your Pimp", since its 1975 single. Under the direction of Skull Snaps frontman Erv Waters, Ten12 Records planned to release the entire Skull Snaps catalog on CD and DVD, with recordings from the original album plus five bonus tracks: "Al's Razor Blade", "Ain't That Lovin' You", "On Top of It", "Soul Makossa", and "She's the One".

</doc>
<doc id="2837266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837266" title="Foça">
Foça

Foça (from , "Phocaea") is a town and district in Turkey's İzmir Province, on the Aegean coast. 
The town of Foça is situated at about northwest of İzmir's city center. The district also has a township with its own municipality named Yenifoça (literally ""New Foça""), also along the shore and at a distance of from Foça proper. For this reason, Foça itself is locally often called as Eskifoça (""Old Foça"") in daily parlance. The ancient city of Phocaea () is located between the two modern Foças.
Additionally, Yenifoça, taken over by the Genoese in 1275 as a fief from the Byzantine emperor, was the more active of the two Foças during the Middle Ages, principally due to the region's rich alum reserves (the alum mines of Foça were conceded earlier by the Byzantines, in 1267, to the Genoese brothers Benedetto and Manuele Zaccaria); the Genoese lease over them having been preserved well into the Ottoman era. Another important Byzantine concession to the Genoese through dowry was the nearby island of Lesbos (to the Gattilusio family, as a result of the marriage between Francesco I Gattilusio and Maria Palaiologina, sister of Byzantine emperor John V Palaiologos) in 1355. The possessions of the Gattilusio family eventually grew to include, among others, the islands of Imbros, Samothrace, Lemnos and Thasos, and the city of Aenos (modern Enez in Turkey.) From this position, they were heavily involved in the mining and marketing of alum, useful in textile production and a profitable trade controlled by the Genoese.
"Eski" Foça stretches along two bays; a larger one named Büyükdeniz (""Greater Sea"") and a smaller cove within that large one, named Küçükdeniz (""Smaller Sea""), where the medieval castle is also located. 
Many parts of the district are under strict environmental protection, due to the value of the flora and the fauna, and the beauty of the small bays and coves, especially between Foça and Yenifoça. Therefore, a judicious way to get to know the district would be by boat tours regularly organized in partance from the town center. Because of the protective measures, new constructions are not permitted in many parts of the district and Foça is set to preserve its unique characteristic as composed principally of old houses. 
The construction project for a 300-boat capacity marina in Foça is recently tendered and started, upon the completion of which the town is expected to open to more active international tourism. 
Foça is the site of one of three marine protected areas established in Turkey for the preservation of the Mediterranean Monk Seal, a heavily endangered species of sea mammals.
The Turkish Navy maintains at Foça the home base of its two special operations units, Su Altı Savunma (SAS) and Su Altı Taarruz (SAT).

</doc>
<doc id="2837268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837268" title="RPE">
RPE

RPE is a three letter acronym, which can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837277" title="Michael Ferrante">
Michael Ferrante

Michael Ferrante (born 28 April 1981) is an Australian footballer who plays for Pascoe Vale.
Biography.
He attended St. Joseph's College Melbourne from years 1992–1997 being a star week in week out for his school side. He came through the ranks at the Australian Institute of Sport and from there he moved on to the youth team at West Ham United. He captained the team in one of the games of the 9–0 aggregate FA Youth Cup Final triumph over Coventry in 1999. The team included Joe Cole, Michael Carrick who went on to become established Premiership and England players plus fellow Australian and current Australian international Richard Garcia.
He had a spell in Italy with Comprensorio Stabia and Serie C side Benevento Sporting Club before returning to Australia to join Fawkner Blues in 2004. He joined Melbourne's inaugural A-League squad for season 2005–06 and featured in all of Melbourne Victory league games. Following the signings of Fred and Grant Brebner he was frozen out of the squad for the second season and struggled to make appearances. He made 21 appearances for Melbourne in 2005–06, scoring one goal, and five appearances in 2006–07.
After Victory released him from his contract by mutual consent in February 2007, new A-League team Wellington Phoenix signed Ferrante on a two year deal for the start of the A-League 2007-08 season.
In 2010, he returned home to Melbourne, signing for local club Richmond Eagles mid-season. On 12 July 2012 he announced that a major back injury would prevent him participating in the VPL for the remainder of the 2012. By mutual consent his contract was terminated and Richmond released him to sign with Pascoe Vale who sit top of League State 1 and who are managed by his brother Vitale.

</doc>
<doc id="2837281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837281" title="Amington">
Amington

Amington is a village, parish and ward, in Staffordshire, England. Formerly a distinct village, it is now part of the Tamworth conurbation, with little or no gap between it and the neighboring villages of Bolehall, Glascote, Glascote Heath and Stonydelph.
Amington and Stonydelph formerly formed one "township" and were part of the ancient parish of Tamworth. Amington, now in Staffordshire, was previously part of the county of Warwickshire; the county boundary between Staffordshire and Warwickshire formerly running along Tamworth high street. The village became part of Tamworth Rural District in 1932, thus becoming part of the administrative county of Staffordshire. The village became part of Tamworth Borough in 1965.
The village's Parish Church, St. Editha's, is a chapel-of-ease, part of Tamworth Parish. However, as formerly in Warwickshire, Amington church falls under the Diocese of Birmingham, where as it's mother church in Tamworth, also dedicated to St. Editha, is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
Amington is the site of Amington Hall. On the eve of the English Civil War there was some opposition to the paying of poor rate levies from the local gentry, in particular Cecil Warburton, the occupant of the Hall. The justices at the quarter sessions for Easter, 1642 heard that Cecil Warburton of Hall End, Amington, “did lock up the overseer of the poor (George Payne)…and drew his sword upon him there in a very outrageous manner”.
It is also near the Coventry Canal, the River Anker, and also the Trent Valley Line of the West Coast Main Line, all of which pass east/west just to the north of Amington.
In the village there are two convenience stores, Tesco Express and The Co-op. There is also a post office and a fish and chip shop.
Amington has four pubs: The Gate Inn, The Old Liberal, The Amington and The Winning Post.
In the 1990s two developers built a 1000-home estate in the village which is now known as Amington Fields. In 2006, Antler Homes built a 17-house estate named Ashby Grange. 
Landau Forte Academy, Amington, one of the high schools in Tamworth, is situated in Amington.
References.
Warwick County Record Office, "Quarter Sessions Order Book" Vol. I p. 43.

</doc>
<doc id="2837282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837282" title="Back Door Man">
Back Door Man

"Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1961. It was released by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle" (catalog no. 1777). The song is considered a classic of Chicago blues.
Lyrics.
In southern culture, the phrase "back-door man" refers to a man having an affair with a married woman, using the back door as an exit before the husband comes home. "When everybody trying to sleep, I'm somewhere making my midnight creep / Every morning the rooster crow, something tell me I got to go / I am a back door man," Wolf sings. The promiscuous "back-door man" is a standard theme found in many blues, including those by Charley Patton, Lightnin' Hopkins, Blind Willie McTell and Sara Martin: "every sensible woman got a back-door man," Martin wrote in "Strange Loving Blues" (1925). Robert Plant references the Dixon song in Led Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love" (1969): "Shake for me girl, I want to be your back-door man." and also in "Since I've Been Loving You" (1971): "You must have one of them new fangled back door men!"
Music.
The song was recorded in Chicago in June 1960 by Howlin' Wolf (vocals), Otis Spann (piano), Hubert Sumlin and Freddy Robinson (guitars), Willie Dixon (double bass), and Fred Below (drums). The chord progression in the refrain of the song, similar to that found in Bo Diddley's "I'm a Man" (1955), John Lee Hooker's "I'm Mad (Again)" (1957), and Dixon's "Hoochie Coochie Man" (1954), dates back to work songs sung during the construction of train tracks. "Back Door Man" was included on the 1962 Wolf compilation album "Howlin' Wolf". He re-recorded the song in November 1968 and it appeared on "The Howlin' Wolf Album".
The Doors version.
The Doors recorded a rock version of the "Back Door Man" for their eponymous debut album. The Doors' drummer John Densmore described it as a song that is "deeply sexual and got everyone moving." The song also appears on the Doors' live album "Absolutely Live" (1970).
Other versions.
The song has also been recorded by Guy Mitchell, Chicken Shack, Blues Project, Shadows of Knight, Bob Weir, Sam Gopal, T-Model Ford, Quicksilver Messenger Service, and Soul Asylum fronted by Iggy Pop at the opening of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Frank Marino, of the band Mahogany Rush, recorded it on "Mahogany Rush Live". The song's author Willie Dixon recorded it for his 1970 album "I Am the Blues". In 1984, "Back Door Man" was also covered by Viktor Lazlo. Eric Burdon performed it during his tour with ex-Doors-guitarist Robby Krieger in 1990/91.
The nickname "Back Door Man" was also attached to Dick Cheney while serving as White House Chief of Staff for Gerald Ford. The moniker is alleged to be in reference to Cheney's handling of Congressional negotiations and his aptitude for achieving his aims through often opaque means.

</doc>
<doc id="2837294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837294" title="Naismith, Montana">
Naismith, Montana

Naismith is an unincorporated community in Toole County, Montana, United States, about north of Great Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="2837304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837304" title="Kimnyole">
Kimnyole

Kimnyole (died ca. 1890) was the Nandi Orkoiyot who predicted the arrival of Europeans ("the white tribe") and the railways ("the Iron Snake") who were to change everything for the Nandi.
Kimnyole was assassinated by the Nandi.
The killing of Kimnyole was as a result of his inaccurate predictions. Before the Nandi warriors would raid other tribes to steal cattle, they would get the blessings of the Orkoiyot Kimnyole. He would bless the warriors and predict whether they would be successful or not. On many occasions his predictions were wrong and the warriors were killed. As a retaliation for the mistakes, ironically, Kimnyole was stoned to death, by the same warriors he was to protect.

</doc>
<doc id="2837308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837308" title="Horatio Allen">
Horatio Allen

Horatio Allen LL.D (May 10, 1802 – December 31, 1889) was an American civil engineer and inventor, and President of Erie Railroad in the year 1843–1844.
Biography.
Born in Schenectady, New York, he graduated from Columbia University in 1823, and was appointed Chief Engineer of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company (precursor to the railroad). In 1828 he was sent to England to buy locomotives for the canal company's projected railway. There he made the acquaintance of engineer George Stephenson. In 1829 he assembled the first steam locomotive to run in America, the "Stourbridge Lion", which ran successfully at Honesdale, Pennsylvania.
From 1829 to 1834 he was the chief engineer of the South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company, at that time the longest railway in the world (about 136 miles/218 km). He was the inventor of the so-called "swiveling truck" for railway cars. He wrote: "The Railroad Era; First Five Years of its Development" (1884).
In his other activities, from 1838 to 1842 he was principal assistant engineer of the Croton Aqueduct, the major water supply system for New York City; in 1842 he became connected with the New York Novelty Works, a major builder of marine steam and other engines; at various times chief engineer and president of the Erie Railway; consulting engineer for the Panama Railway and the Brooklyn Bridge; and in 1872 and 1873 was president of the American Society of Civil Engineers.
In 1924 the Delaware and Hudson Railway built its first experimental high-pressure locomotive, No. 1400 and named it ""Horatio Allen"".

</doc>
<doc id="2837314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837314" title="Yara Yavelberg">
Yara Yavelberg

Iara Iavelberg (May 7, 1943 - August 20, 1971) was a Brazilian psychologist and university lecturer, member of the Brazilian resistance movement against the Brazilian military government. She was believed to have committed suicide in Salvador, Bahia in 1971, but recent autopsy has shown that she has been murdered by security agents.
Biography.
Iara was born in São Paulo. She was initially a passive supporter of the resistance movement but eventually became a member of MR-8. She had a relationship with Carlos Lamarca, a Brazilian Army officer who deserted and became one of the most important leaders of the guerrilla movement that opposed the dictatorship. With the collapse of the guerrilla movement, Iavelberg and Lamarca fled to Bahia.
Homages.
University of São Paulo's Psychology Institute paid a homage to Iara, an alumnus of their Psychology School, by naming its academic center the Iara Iavelberg Academic Center.
She was a friend of current Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff, who paid a tribute to her during the launch of her candidacy.

</doc>
<doc id="2837316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837316" title="1821 in architecture">
1821 in architecture

The year 1821 in architecture involved some significant events.

</doc>
<doc id="2837317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837317" title="Alternative High School (Calgary)">
Alternative High School (Calgary)

Alternative High School (AHS) is a public senior high (secondary) school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada; which teaches grades 10 through 12. AHS is currently located at the Clinton Ford Centre, which was home to the former Clinton Ford Elementary School.
AHS was launched, independent of the board, in September 1974 by a parents group. It reflected many of the "alternative education" ideas that were popular at the time. The early philosophy the school borrowed from the ideas of A. S. Neill, who founded Summerhill School. This involved supporting the freedom of children, and opposing the traditional structure and control of most schools. Although, AHS was never a copy of Summerhill.
In 1975 AHS came under the control of the Calgary Board of Education (CBE).
Special Programs.
The school helps operate an off-campus class at the Alberta Adolescent Recovery Centre. Two teachers from the school, help students progressively get back into the regular school system if they are of school age after they reach Level Three of treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="2837322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837322" title="Chinkara">
Chinkara

The chinkara (commonly known as the Indian gazelle) is a species of gazelle normally found in southern Asia. 
Habitat and distribution.
The chinkara lives in arid plains and hills, deserts, dry scrub and light forests in India, Pakistan and Iran. Occurrence and status in Afghanistan are unclear. Most of its range lies in India. In Iran it occurs patchily as far as Kavir NP near Tehran. It is known to range up to 1500 m in Pakistan. 
Appearance.
It stands at 65 cm tall and weighs about 23 kg. It has a summer coat, which is a reddish-buff colour, with smooth, glossy fur. In the winter, the white belly and throat fur is in greater contrast. The sides of the face have dark chestnut stripes from the corner of the eye to the muzzle, bordered by white stripes. Its horns reach over 39 cm.
Behaviour.
It is a shy animal and avoids human habitation. It can go without water for long periods and can get sufficient fluids from plants and dew. Although most are seen alone, they can sometimes be spotted in groups of up to four animals.
Relationships and hunting.
They mate once a year and males compete for access to females. The chinkara has attributes common to the average gazelle. The population was estimated at 100,000 with 80,000 in the Thar Desert, India in 2001. Numbers in Pakistan have been severely reduced by hunting and in Iran it is now confined to protected areas. In India, numbers are probably declining slowly, but it is not threatened. Its global status on the IUCN Red List is still considered Least Concern (the lowest threat category). It occurs in more than 80 protected areas in India, and several in Iran.
Predators.
It is preyed upon by leopards, bengal tigers, dholes. The Chinkara was a common prey item of the Asiatic cheetah in India along with blackbucks. Outside protected areas they are often preyed upon by Stray dogs. Wolf and Jackal are also known to hunt on them.
Other herbivores.
It shares its habitat with several other herbivores, such as nilgai, blackbuck, chausingha, wild goats, and wild boar.

</doc>
<doc id="2837341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837341" title="Barlaston">
Barlaston

Barlaston is a village and civil parish in the borough of Stafford in the county of Staffordshire, England. It is roughly halfway between the city of Stoke-on-Trent and the small town of Stone. According to the 2001 census the population of the parish was 2,659.
History.
The old parish church of Saint John is sited on the edge of the Wedgwood estate. It was built to the design of C. Lynam in 1886-8, retaining the west tower from the original medieval building, with the subsequent addition of a vestry in 1969. In 1981 the building had to be closed owing to mining subsidence and a temporary building next to the church took its place until the new church was built on Green Lane.
Wedgwood moved their pottery manufacturing business from Etruria, Staffordshire to a large modern factory in a new village in the north of the parish. The factory was planned in 1936 and built in 1938-40 to the designs of Keith Murray who was also a designer of Wedgwood pottery. The factory has a tourist visitor centre and has its own car-parks and a bus station. Wedgwood railway station was opened for the factory in 1940 but closed in 2004. Nearby is Barlaston Hall c1756 by Sir Robert Taylor (architect) and at one time a Wedgwood family home. The Upper House, another Wedgwood residence, is also in Barlaston.
Transport.
Close by the village are: the A34 road; the River Trent; the Trent and Mersey Canal; a route of National Cycle Network; and the railway - which all pass west of the village.
Barlaston railway station, opened by the North Staffordshire Railway on 17 April 1848, is now on the Manchester branch of the West Coast Main Line - but inter-city trains do not stop and the local passenger service was replaced by the X1 BakerBus bus service in 2004.
Environment.
Barlaston and Rough Close Common covers some 50 acres (20 ha) between Barlaston and Blythe Bridge and is a designated Local Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2837352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837352" title="Chucker">
Chucker

The term chucker can have several different meanings.

</doc>
<doc id="2837355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837355" title="Mário Pires">
Mário Pires

Mário Pires (born 1949) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who was Prime Minister from 2002 to 2003. He is a member of the Social Renewal Party (PRS).
Pires took office as Prime Minister on 17 November 2002, when he was appointed by President Kumba Ialá after the latter dissolved the National People's Assembly and called an early parliamentary election. That election, which was initially planned to be held within 90 days, was subsequently delayed from February 2003 to April, then to July and then to 12 October 2003. After the electoral commission announced in September that it could not finish voter registration in time to meet the planned October date, the military seized power in a coup on 14 September 2003, removing Ialá and Pires from office. Prior to the coup, Pires had warned that a new civil war would occur if the opposition won the election.
Pires was later nominated as head of the Electricity and Water Company of Guinea-Bissau (EAGB).

</doc>
<doc id="2837364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837364" title="Riviera Holdings">
Riviera Holdings

Riviera Holdings Corporation is a casino operator based in Winchester, Nevada. It owns two casinos, the Riviera on the Las Vegas Strip, and the Riviera Black Hawk in Black Hawk, Colorado.
History.
Riviera opened its second casino, in Black Hawk, Colorado, in February 2000. 
As of October, 2005 the company had $200 million in annual revenues and 1,600 employees.
On April 6, 2006 Riviera Acquisition Holdings announced a $427 million buy out offer that has been accepted. The offer included cash and assumption of existing debt. But on August 29, shareholders rejected the offer, after an acquisition company affiliated with BT Holdings LLC of Boston, Massachusetts made an offer of $20 a share. [http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=businessNews&storyID=2006-08-29T221111Z_01_WEN4674_RTRUKOC_0_US-LEISURE-RIVIERA.xml&archived=False]
Facing losses from the recession, Riviera began defaulting on its debt in February 2009. In July 2010, Riviera filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, listing $275 million in debt. A reorganization plan led by Starwood Capital Group enabled the Riviera properties to remain open for business. Starwood emerged with a 75% stake in Riviera, with another 21% held by Derek Stevens, owner of the Golden Gate casino.
In September 2011, Riviera agreed to sell its Black Hawk casino for $76 million to Monarch Casino & Resort, owner of the Atlantis Casino Resort in Reno.

</doc>
<doc id="2837377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837377" title="Speech code">
Speech code

A speech code is any rule or regulation that limits, restricts, or bans speech beyond the strict legal limitations upon freedom of speech or press found in the legal definitions of harassment, slander, libel, and fighting words. Such codes are common in the workplace, in universities, and in private organizations. The term may be applied to regulations that do not explicitly prohibit particular words or sentences. Speech codes are often applied for the purpose of suppressing hate speech or forms of social discourse thought to be disagreeable to the implementers.
Use of the term is in many cases valuative; those opposing a particular regulation may refer to it as a speech code, while supporters will prefer to describe it as, for example and depending on the circumstances, a harassment policy. This is particularly the case in academic contexts. The difference may be ascertained by determining if the harassment policy bans more than what is legally defined as harassment; one that does is almost certainly a speech code.
At United States universities.
In the United States, the Supreme Court has not issued a direct ruling on whether speech codes at public universities are unconstitutional. However, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan has struck down a speech code at the University of Michigan, indicating that broad speech codes seeking to prohibit hate speech probably violate the First Amendment ("Doe v. University of Michigan," 1989). Subsequent challenges against such language supposedly couched in harassment policies, diversity mandates, and so forth instead of being self-identified as speech codes have generally succeeded to date.
One web site describes behavior that speech codes are meant to prevent:
Today, most talk of speech codes is within institutional contexts and refer to colleges and refers to official lists and rules established by authorities, where speech codes are occasionally used by colleges and universities as a bludgeon to suppress speech that others find offensive. Alan Charles Kors and Harvey Silverglate, in their work "The Shadow University", published in 1998, refer to a number of cases in which speech codes have been used by public and private universities to suppress academic freedom, as well as the freedom of speech, and deny due process of law (for public institutions), or violate explicit and implicit guarantees of fairness declared or implied in a student's contract of enrollment or a faculty member's contract of employment with the institution of higher education in question (at private institutions).
One particular case, the University of Pennsylvania “Water Buffalo” case, highlighted reasons for and against speech codes and is typical of such cases. In the University of Pennsylvania case, a freshman faced expulsion when he called African American sorority members who were making substantial amounts of noise and disturbing his sleep during the middle of the night, “water buffalo” (the charged student claimed not to intend discrimination, as the individual in question spoke the modern Hebrew language, and the term "water buffalo", or "behema", in modern Hebrew, is slang for a rude or an insulting person; moreover, water buffalo are native to Asia rather than Africa). Some saw the statement as racist while others simply saw it as a general insult. Questions were raised about how far was too far when interpreting and punishing statements like the one in question. The college eventually dropped the charges amid national criticism (Downs, 1993), (Kors & Silverglate, 1998).
Purposes.
There are two distinct reasons given for the implementation of speech codes, most often given in the context of higher education institutions. The first is as follows, “First, to protect vulnerable students from threatening, truly harassing speech that amounts to 'fighting words,' which are not protected by the First Amendment“ (Downs, 1993).
The second reason is more abstract, leaving room for argument both for and against the reason. One author states, “Second, codes are linked to a broader ideological agenda designed to foster an egalitarian vision of social justice” (Downs, 1993). Because many institutions hold such a view in their mission statements, the justification for a policy in line with the views of the institution comes quite naturally. However, opponents of speech codes often maintain that any restriction on speech is a violation of the First Amendment. Because words and phrases typically belonging in the hate speech category could also be used in literature, quoted for socially acceptable purposes or used out loud as examples of what not to say in certain situations, it can be argued that the words and phrases have practical, intrinsic value and therefore should not be banned.
According to one scholar, hate speech complaints are up on campuses everywhere, pressuring universities to create speech codes of their own. He states:
Critics of speech codes such as the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) allege that speech codes are often not enforced impartially, but serve as a form of unconstitutional viewpoint discrimination, punishing those "whose speech does not meet their subjective standards of 'political correctness'", "Progress free speech rights is endangered when schools attempt to use a charge of disruption as a pretext for censoring speech." 
Examples of speech regulated under speech codes.
Examples of communication regulated under speech codes include Holocaust denial, racist, or sexist speech. More stringent policies include a ban on anything deemed offensive, such as ridicule against another person.

</doc>
<doc id="2837380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837380" title="Alamara Nhassé">
Alamara Nhassé

Alamara Ntchia Nhassé (born 1957) is a Guinea-Bissau politician, who was Prime Minister from 9 December 2001 to 17 November 2002. Nhassé is currently the President of the National Reconciliation Party; he previously led the Social Renewal Party (PRS).
Nhassé is an agricultural expert, who was trained in Cuba and in the Soviet Union. After PRS candidate Kumba Yala was elected President, Nhassé was appointed as Minister of Agriculture, Water, Forestry and Hunting in the government formed on February 19, 2000. Later, in the government formed on January 25, 2001, he became Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries. Under Prime Minister Faustino Imbali, he became Minister for the Interior after Artur Sanhá was dismissed on August 29, 2001. After Imbali was also dismissed, Nhassé replaced him as Prime Minister on December 9, 2001. On January 15, 2002, the party convention of the PRS elected him as president of the party. A government crisis then ended his time in office and forced his government to be dissolved. Nhassé resigned as President of the PRS on November 15, 2002, and two days later, Mário Pires was appointed to succeed Nhassé as Prime Minister.
In the 2005 presidential election Nhassé supported the candidate João Bernardo Vieira. After Vieira's election, Nhassé called for Carlos Gomes Júnior to resign as Prime Minister; Gomes Junior then lost his parliamentary basis after 14 of 45 parliamentary delegates from Gomes' PAIGC left the party.
Nhassé is currently the President of the National Reconciliation Party. It failed to win any seats in the 2008 parliamentary election, and he accepted his party's defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="2837385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837385" title="Weston-under-Lizard">
Weston-under-Lizard

Weston under Lizard is a village in the South Staffordshire district of Staffordshire, England. It constitutes a civil parish with Blymhill, called Blymhill and Weston-under-Lizard.
The village is on the A5 (here following the course of Watling Street), and is very close to the county boundary with Shropshire. Nearby places are Blymhill, within Staffordshire, and Tong, Shropshire.
To the south of the village is Weston Park the ancestral home of the Earls of Bradford. It is known as Weston under Lizard (the name of a hill in nearby Shropshire) to distinguish it from Weston upon Trent.
It should not be confused with the village of Weston, to the north east of Stafford.

</doc>
<doc id="2837403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837403" title="Mandi Bahauddin">
Mandi Bahauddin

Mandi Bahauddin (Punjabi, ) is a city in central Punjab, Pakistan.It is also the capital of Mandi Bahauddin District.The city is some 220 metres above the sea level and is located in central Punjab, between the rivers Jhelum (north 12 km) and Chenab (south 39 km).
The city of Mandi Bahauddin had contained no traffic lights up until February 2010 when the first set of traffic lights was installed at the major intersections.
Administration.
Mandi Bahauddin, the capital of the district, is also the Tehsil headquarters. Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil has 27 Union Administrations / Union Councils.
History.
Early history.
In 1506 AD Hazrat Bahauddin a Sufi Darvesh established a settlement namely Pindi Bahauddin in the north-eastern corner of the region known as "Gondal Bar", after his immigration from Pindi Shah Jahanian to this area. The settlement soon became a center of intense commercial activity, hence named afterwards by the merchants as "Mandi Bahauddin", "the Market of Bahauddin". The Urdu word "Mandi" implies "marketplace". The proto-city was later on fortified with 9 main doorways to guard against foreign invasions. The wall intact today was completed in 1946.
However, the recorded history of Mandi Bahauddin goes back to the era before Common Era, connecting the region with the historic figure of Alexander the Great. Some 8 km northwest of the modern-day Mandi Bahauddin town, village Mong on the southern bank of Jhelum River (Greek "Hydaspes"), the battle Battle of the Hydaspes River was fought between Raja Porus (Sanskrit "Paurava") and Alexander. This historic battle of Hydaspes River, which Indian sources refer to as the "Battle of Jhelum", took place in 326 BCE. The kingdom of Raja Porus was situated in the northern Punjab of modern Pakistan. This battle proved the last major fight of Alexander's career, for the Macedonians, after being put up a fierce resistance by Porus' soldiery and having heard of a massive 4,000 elephant force mustered by eastern kingdoms, refused to march further east i.e. Ganges Plains.
In 997 Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi succeeded his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, as ruler of the Ghaznavid dynasty. He conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, followed by the conquest of the Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and, later, the Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab became predominantly Muslim, due to missionary Sufits whose dargahs dot the landscape. After the decline of the Mughal Empire, the Sikh invaded and occupied Gujranwala and neighboring districts. The Muslims faced severe restrictions during the Sikh rule. n 1847 the District came under British occupation and two years later, in 1849, it was included in the territory annexed after the second Sikh War.
After independence.
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslims refugees from India settled down in Mandi Bahauddin District. In 1963, the Rasul Barrage and Rasul-Qadirabad Link Canal project under the Indus Basin Irrigation Project started. The project was managed by Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA), and a large colony for government employees and foreign contractors was constructed 2 kilometres north of Mandi Bahauddin city. This project was completed in 1968 by Engineer Riazur Rahman Shariff as the Project Director. This project brought Mandi Bahauddin into limelight and helped the city grow commercially. Mandi Bahauddin is also having the only manufacturing unit of Food Dyes in Pakistan named as Rainbow Dye-Tech (Pvt.) Ltd.
The Tehsil headquarters towns of Phalia and Malikwal are 22.5 and 28.5 kilometres from Mandi Bahauddin, respectively. The Mandi Bahauddin Tehsil has 27 Union Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="2837423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837423" title="Pelican Books">
Pelican Books

Pelican Books is a non-fiction imprint of Penguin Books. Originally founded in 1937, Pelican Books combined important topics with clear prose to create inexpensive paperbacks for a broad audience. Before being discontinued in 1984, Pelican Books published thousands of accessible, stimulating books covering a wide range of subjects from classical music to molecular biology to architecture. The imprint was relaunched in April 2014, with the first five titles appearing in May.
Heritage.
Pelican Books was first established in 1937 as a non-fiction imprint for low-cost intellectual paperbacks. Founder Allen Lane wrote, ‘We…believed in the existence in this country of a vast reading public for intelligent books at a low price, and staked everything on it.’ Pelican lowered the traditional barriers to knowledge by selling books at the cost of a packet of cigarettes. These books became especially popular among the self-educating post-war generation, and Pelican was even called an ‘informal university for '50s Britons’ by The Guardian. The Spectator reported, ‘If there is any sense in saying that the culture of the world should be accessible to all without distinctions of wealth, such publications are helping to make it true.’ 
Pelican published many of the major intellects of the 20th century including historian Eric Hobsbawm, literary critic Boris Ford, philosopher AJ Ayer, and scientist Jacob Bronowski. Pelican’s first book was George Bernard Shaw’s "The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism". Other classic Pelican books included "Totem and Taboo", "The Eighteen Nineties"," An Introduction to Modern Architecture", "Coming of Age in Samoa", "The Pelican Guide to English Literature", and "Childhood in Society". Pelican’s early supporters included Orwell, H. G. Wells, George Bernard Shaw, and JB Priestley.
The imprint published books on thousands of subjects and became a global phenomenon. The series sold over 250 million copies worldwide over its nearly 50 years. Although Pelican was discontinued in 1984, the original books continue to be collected worldwide and prized for their iconic bright blue covers.
Relaunch.
Pelican Books was relaunched in May 2014, again aiming to provide inexpensive, accessible non-fiction for a non-specialist readership. The initial five books consisted of introductions to topics varying from economics to revolutionary Russia, written by authorities selected by the company. These were published in May 2014, with five more titles to be added each year.
The first five books were:

</doc>
<doc id="2837427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837427" title="Herb Scannell">
Herb Scannell

Herb Scannell, (born January 11, 1957), the former President of Nickelodeon and TV Land under whose leadership Nicktoons introduced such animated cartoons as The Fairly OddParents. Scannell was the founding CEO of Next New Networks, an online video company that helped establish the concept of the multi-channel network. He is the president of BBC Worldwide America.
Biography.
Early years.
Scannell was born in Long Island, New York to an Irish father and Puerto Rican mother as the youngest of four. He received his primary and secondary education in his hometown. His mother taught him Spanish at home helping him to become fluent in both English and Spanish. As a child he would spend every summer with his Puerto Rican family in the island becoming very attached to his Hispanic roots.
Scannell graduated from high school in 1975 and entered Boston College. As a student he became the manager of WZBC (the campus' radio station). He graduated in 1979 with a Bachelors Degree in English.
Nickelodeon.
Scannell was hired by WHN Radio (New York) in 1980, before joining the cable television revolution in 1981 at The Movie Channel before it merged with Showtime, and eventually worked his way up to the position of Director of Program Promotion for Showtime/The Movie Channel.
On March 1988, Scannell joined Nickelodeon as Director of Programming, overseeing program scheduling. In 1989, he was named Vice President for Nickelodeon. He oversaw the development and launch of Nick News. In 1990, he served as Executive Vice President for Nickelodeon Network and U.S. Television. He oversaw the direction of Nickelodeon and Nick at Nite cable networks. He was also fundamental in the development of Nick Jr. and Nicktoons.
President of Nickelodeon.
On February 1996, he was named President of Nickelodeon and TV Land, succeeding Geraldine Laybourne. Under his leadership Nicktoons (which included such animated cartoons as "SpongeBob SquarePants", "The Fairly OddParents", "Rugrats", "The Ren & Stimpy Show", "Hey Arnold!",and "Doug") and TV Land became the highest rated cable networks launched within the past seven years. Nickelodeon also expanded to other areas such as live theatrical shows, magazines and feature films. He was also responsible for launching "Dora the Explorer", "The Brothers Garcia" (which is based on a "Los Garcia", a show he used to watch in Puerto Rico) and "Taina".
On June 2003, MTV Chairman Tom Freston named Scannell as president of Nickelodeon Networks and vice chairman of MTV Networks. (On January 5, 2006, he resigned from his position with MTV/Nickelodeon, and was replaced by Cyma Zarghami.) He played a lead role in the overall management of the entire company.
Later years.
On August 22, 2005, he participated in "The State of Hispanic America National Conference" as a member of the Executive Roundtable. Herb Scannell currently lives in Manhattan, New York with his wife and two daughters. In January 2007, Scannell became the founding CEO of Next New Networks, a new media company of micro-television networks distributed through internet technology; the company had 2010's #1 and #2 YouTube videos in the world. Co-founders include Emil Rensing, Fred Seibert, Timothy Shey, and Jed Simmons. The company's lead partner was Spark Capital. The company's first group of networks include VOD Cars, Fast Lane Daily, and Channel Frederator. In June 2010, Scannell became the President of BBC Worldwide America.
Awards and recognitions.
Among the many awards and recognitions which he received are:

</doc>
<doc id="2837437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837437" title="Dinkha IV">
Dinkha IV

Mar Dinkha IV (Syriac: and ), (born Dinkha Khanania in the village of Darbandokeh (Derbendoki), Iraq on 15 September 1935), is the current Catholicos-Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East. 
Early life.
Dinkha Khanania was born in Iraq and baptized in the Church of Mar Qaryaqos located in the village of his birth Darbandokeh. Khanania (also written as (Denkha Kh'nanya)) gained his elementary education under the tutorship of his grandfather, Benyamin Soro. In 1947—at the age of eleven—he was entrusted to the care of Mar Yousip Khnanisho, Metropolitan and the Patriarchal representative for all Iraq, the second-highest ranking ecclesiastic of the Assyrian Church of the East. After two years of study, he was ordained deacon in the church of Mar Youkhana in Harir by Mar Yousip on 12 September 1949. On 15 July 1957, he was ordained to the priesthood, and appointed to minister Urmia, Iran. He is the fourth in the line of succession to the Bishopric of Urmia.
Dinkha's priesthood as Metropolitan of Iran and Tehran reestablished a line of succession which had ceased to exist after the 1915 assassination of his predecessor. In 1962, Dinkha moved from northern Iraq to Tehran. During his tenure in Iran, he established a seminary and advocated for Assyrian nationalism and ecumenism. Responding to popular demand, Catholicos-Patriarch Mar Eshai Shimun XXIII consecrated Khananya as bishop on 11 February 1962, in the church of Martyr Mar Gewargis in Tehran.
Tenure as Catholicos-Patriarch.
After the assassination of Mar Eshai Shimun XXIII, the Church of the East had an urgent need to restore its leadership. In 1976, the prelates of the church convened in London to elect a new Catholicos Patriarch and chose Dinkha as the most qualified candidate to fill the post. He was consecrated on 17 October 1976, in the West London Church of St. Barnabas, Ealing. With this consecration, Mar Dinkha IV became the successor to the Apostolic See of Seleucia-Ctesiphon (Babylon). He also announced that the hereditary line of succession for the Patriarchy which had existed for 500 years was discontinued with his tenure, allowing any cleric from the Church of the East to be elevated to Catholicos-Patriarch.
In 2005, the Patriarch conducted discussions with President of Iraqi Kurdistan Massoud Barzani on returning to the Apostolic See in northern Iraq and constructing a new residence in Ankawa. On 15 July 2007, Mar Dinkha celebrated 50 years of his priesthood. A ceremony was held at St. George Cathedral in Chicago, where a portion of Ashland Avenue was renamed "His Holiness Mar Dinkha IV Blvd". In 2008, he received an honorary degree from the University of Chicago, in part because of his emphasis on education—he has a stated goal of only appointing theologians with doctoral degrees to the position of bishop.
Travels and ecumenism.
Dinkha has made ecumenism a priority during his reign, as well as advocacy for the Assyrian people.
Relations with the Catholic Church.
Dinkha has promoted closer relations with the Catholic Church, both with the Vatican and the Chaldean Catholic Church; he first met Pope John Paul II immediately after the Pope's election in 1978 and made his first visit to the Vatican in 1984. The two continued to meet informally over the next decade. After a decision by the Holy Synod of the Assyrian Church of the East to have better relations with the Roman Catholic Church in 1994, Dinkha agreed to a Joint Christological Declaration with the Holy See. The "Common Christological Declaration between the Catholic Church and the Assyrian Church of the East" declares that it is " basic step on the way towards the full communion to be restored between their Churches;" emphasized common doctrinal positions between the two bodies, such as the Nicene Creed; and clarifies that the centuries the two have spent out of communion were due to geographic and cultural issues rather than doctrinal differences.
On 29 November 1996, Dinkha signed an agreement of cooperation with the Patriarch of Babylon of the Chaldean Catholic Church—Raphael I Bidawid—in Southfield, Michigan and met again on 16 August 1997, to bless an Assyrian church. This "Joint Synodal Decree for Promoting Unity" also established a Joint Commission for Unity which helped draft the 2001 "Guidelines for Admission to the Eucharist between the Chaldean Church and the Assyrian Church of the East" that allows Assyrians and Chaldeans to accept the Eucharist from one another. The prior year, Assyrians and Roman Catholics also produced "A Common Statement on Sacramental Life" that assessed the importance of sacraments in both churches. Assyrians have also been allowed to study at Baghdad's Chaldean Catholic College and unmarried deacons and priests can study at Catholic universities in Rome.
Middle Eastern and Syriac ecumenism.
The Church of the East has been a member of the World Council of Churches since its 1948 inception and Dinkha has used this membership as a vehicle for bi- and multi-lateral ecumenism that would have been impossible prior to its inception. In 1984, the Assyrian Church applied for membership in the Middle East Council of Churches (MECC), but was denied due to objections by the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, whose Patriarch, Pope Shenouda III, required the Church of the East to condemn its Church Fathers Diodore of Tarsus, Nestorius, and Theodore of Mopsuestia. The dispute between the Assyrians and Copts resulted in a common Christological declaration in 1996, which was later rejected by the Coptic synod. In 1996, the Church of the East was offered membership in the MECC, but declined to join at the time. Discussions for the Church of the East to join the MECC have stalled since 1999.
The Austrian Pro Oriente Foundation brought together several Syriac churches in Vienna in 1994 to start a common dialogue amongst the Ancient Church of the East, the Assyrian Church of the East, Chaldean Catholic Church, Indian (Malankara) Orthodox Church, Maronite Church, Syriac Catholic Church, Syriac Orthodox Church, Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, and Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. Representatives of these churches along with academics founded the Commission on Dialogue Within the Syriac Tradition. Consultations have been convened intermittently since that time. As a product of this process, Dinkha entered into negotiations with the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Mar Ignatius Zakka I Iwas in 1997 and the two churches ceased anathematizing each other. Although Dinkha has spent over 20 years in dialogue with the Ancient Church of the East, the two remain out of communion. In 1995, the Indian metropolitan see pledged its allegiance to Dinkha, leaving the Ancient Church primarily active in the Middle East, with some 50,000–70,000 members. In 1999, Dinkha declared that all ordinations and orders from the Ancient Church were valid.
Political work and Assyrian advocacy.
In September 2006, Mar Dinkha IV paid a historic visit to northern Iraq to give oversight to the churches there and to encourage the president of Iraqi Kurdistan to open a Christian school in Erbil. During this trip, he also met Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. Dinkha has pursued a pragmatic political course, calling on Assyrians to work together with their respective governments rather than press for an Assyrian homeland. He has sought to de-politicize the office of Catholicos-Patriarch and change the national character of the Church of the East from Assyrian to a universal church, including non-Syriac liturgies composed in local languages.

</doc>
<doc id="2837439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837439" title="Gregory Gymnasium">
Gregory Gymnasium

Gregory Gymnasium is the 4,000-seat current home of the University of Texas Longhorn Women's Volleyball team, and former home of the Longhorn Basketball and Swimming teams. The basketball teams moved out in 1977 to the Erwin Center.
Originally built in 1930, the gym was named after its main advocate and planner, Thomas Watt Gregory. Gregory, an alumnus of the University, served on the University's Board of Regents and as United States Attorney General before the gym was built.
The gymnasium has undergone several renovations, and now consists of the original gym and a four-story annex that serves as a gymnasium with an indoor jogging track, basketball courts, racquetball and squash courts, an indoor rock-climbing wall, a spacious weight room, and a cardiovascular exercise facility. All University students can use the gymnasium for free. And, the gymnasium is available at a low cost to University alumni and their spouses.

</doc>
<doc id="2837441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837441" title="Slab-O-Concrete">
Slab-O-Concrete

Slab-O-Concrete Productions was a British mail order distributor and publisher, founded by Peter Pavement, Dave Hanna, Emma Copsey, and Chris Tappenden; operating mostly in Brighton and Hove during the 1990s. Initially selling British small press comics and zines (including Pavement's own comics), Slab-O-Concrete also imported publications from the United States, Australia, and Europe. 
Slab-o-Concrete was originally based in Sheffield; it moved to Hove in 1995. After intensely ramping up its publishing line in the late nineties (including moving into CDs and prose books), Slab-O-Concrete was laid low in 2001 as policy changes in the book industry caused cash-flow issues.
History.
In general, Slab-O-Concrete avoided distributing traditional comic books, instead making connections with underground publishers, zinesters, independent record labels, and other subcultural scenes.
By 1994 Slab-O-Concrete had developed into a publisher, repackaging small press comics and zines for the bookshop market and originating new works. Notable creators published by Slab-O-Concrete included Jessica Abel, Ian Carney, Craig Conlan, Alan Moore, Woodrow Phoenix, and Aleksandar Zograf. 
In 1998, Slab-O-Concrete published four titles in partnership with Amnesty International. The comics were designed as 16-page minicomics with card stock covers, designed to be sealed and used as postcards. Ilya's "A Bowl of Rice" was about the forcible relocation and killing of Shan rice farmers in Burma. Enrique Rodríguez's "Freedom from Discrimination" was a story about maltreatment of and violence against street children in Brazil, and undocumented, unaccompanied immigrant children in the United States. Dan Jones' "Just Deserts" told the story of a female Filipino migrant worker's false conviction and punishment in Saudi Arabia. Peter Arkle's "Love" told the story of Mariana Cetiner, a Romanian woman arrested and imprisoned for allegedly attempting to seduce another woman. In 1999, Slab-O-Concrete published another 16-page mailable minicomic called "Donna's Day", by Donna Mathes and Peter Bagge.
One of their final publications, in 1999, was "The Worm: the Longest Comic Strip in the World", by Alan Moore and a "galaxy of greats," which was published in association with the Cartoon Art Trust and the Swedish Council for Cultural Affairs. "In one single working day, over 125 British cartoonists gathered together in one place to create 'the longest comic strip in the world.'" "The Worm" featured introductions and explanatory text in English, Swedish, and French.

</doc>
<doc id="2837444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837444" title="Mackenzie Firgens">
Mackenzie Firgens

Mackenzie Firgens (born March 6, 1975) is an American actress.
Early life.
Firgens was born in Burbank, California and was raised by her father and mother. She has said that she knew she wanted to be an actor from a young age, and would put on plays for her parents and friends, often playing several roles. She enrolled in jazz dance and ballet at the age of 7. By 8 she was auditioning for commercials. Her imitation of Mae West landed her first television role on Disney's Contraption.
By junior high she had joined a touring theatre group and begun to take on serious dramatic roles that explored peer pressure and domestic violence. Her high school lacked a drama club so she started one and starred in its first production.
Continuing her pursuit of acting she moved to Chicago to study theatre at the Goodman School of Drama at DePaul University. She submerged herself in acting, voice, movement and speech, further honing those early dreams into marketable skills. Eventually she found her way back to the West Coast and performed with the Tony Award winning San Francisco Mime Troupe. Soon after she finished an undergraduate degree from San Francisco State University's Theatre Department.
Career.
Firgens made her feature film debut starring as Harmony in the underground hit "Groove", which was an Official Selection at the Sundance Film Festival, and released by Sony Classics Pictures. Firgens originated the role of April in the film version of the Broadway sensation "Rent", directed by Chris Columbus. As April, Firgens had the opportunity to create a new character for the classic musical, and shares the screen with Adam Pascal. 
Firgens also starred in "Quality of Life" with Lane Garrison, which won a Special Mention Award at the Berlin International Film Festival as well as the Best Youth Film at the Stockholm International Film Festival. Additional film credits include "Broken Arrows" with Lori Petty and "The Hamiltons" with Brittany Daniel.
Firgens can be seen in David Carradine last film the action movie "Break" also with Michael Madsen and Chad Everett by the award winning director Marc Clebanoff. 
Other films she is in are Bollywood favorite "My Name is Khan", and the upcoming sequel to The Hamiltons "The Thompsons" opening summer 2012.
Awards and Accolades.
Best Actress nomination at Down Beach Film Festival for her role as Helen in the film GERALD with Mickey Rooney- 09

</doc>
<doc id="2837447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837447" title="Days of Speed">
Days of Speed

Days of Speed is Paul Weller's second live album, released on 8 October 2001 in the UK and 2 July 2002 in the US. All songs were performed solo and acoustic from various venues around Europe.
Track listing.
All tracks by Paul Weller

</doc>
<doc id="2837459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837459" title="West Australian Symphony Orchestra">
West Australian Symphony Orchestra

The West Australian Symphony Orchestra (WASO) is an Australian symphony orchestra based in Perth, Western Australia. Its principal concert venue is the Perth Concert Hall. WASO also gives concerts in Mandurah at the Mandurah Performing Arts Centre. As of March 2012, WASO has a roster of 79 full-time musicians. The orchestra has an affiliated WASO Chorus. WASO currently presents over 170 performances per annum throughout the state.
History.
In the winter of 1921, weekly concerts by a Perth Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Harold Betteridge and led by Lionel Hart, were advertised in the local newspaper, but the life of this group was brief. In 1928, many professional musicians who had supported the silent movies found themselves out of work, and under the direction of Harold Newton, formed the Perth Symphony Orchestra. The first performance by this group of professional players was given in the Queens Hall of the Regent Theatre. By 1930, the orchestra not only gave concerts in the Queens Hall but also presented ten subscription concerts in the Town Hall. Many of these concerts were broadcast over the radio station 6WF.
In 1932, the Australian Broadcasting Commission was formed, and part of its charter was to establish broadcast orchestras in each state. In Western Australia, it formed the Western Studio Orchestra of fifteen players, conducted by Nelson Burton. The Perth Symphony Orchestra, conducted by George Reid, was giving regular concerts in His Majesty's Theatre.
In 1936, the ABC introduced Celebrity Subscription Concerts, and artists and conductors – many from overseas – were engaged. The concerts were performed initially in His Majesty's Theatre and then later in the Capitol Theatre and Winthrop Hall at the University of Western Australia. The Western Studio Orchestra became the Perth Concert orchestra, and this orchestra was later augmented for the celebrity concerts and became known as the ABC (Perth) Symphony Orchestra. By 1937, the letters "ABC" had been dropped from the title and the orchestra once again became known as the Perth Symphony Orchestra.
In 1950, the government of the day, with other municipal bodies, made funds available to subsidise the existing ABC Orchestra. By the end of that year, the West Australian Symphony Orchestra was born, boasting forty permanent members. In 1997, the ABC divested all ABC orchestras from the Concerts department of the ABC into separate subsidiary companies, including a service company known as Symphony Australia. The West Australian Symphony was incorporated in January 1998. Since corporatising, the orchestra has diversified its performances, expanding on its summer outdoor season and taking music to many parts of the community. It has a creative partnership with the West Australian Opera and the West Australian Ballet.
WASO principal conductors have included Henry Krips (1948–1971), Tibor Paul (1971–1973), David Measham (1974–1981), and Jorge Mester (1991–1994). Measham took the orchestra on its first overseas tour, to Singapore, and to the Sydney Festival. In 1975, he instigated the inaugural indoor season of three Promenade Concerts, modelled after The Proms, as part of the Perth International Arts Festival. Measham also held the title of principal guest conductor from 1981 to 1986. Vladimir Verbitsky became principal guest conductor in 1992 and conductor laureate in 1997.
Matthias Bamert was chief conductor from 2003 to 2006. His initial contract with WASO was through 2007, but dissatisfaction with his tenure caused the orchestra to terminate his contract 18 months early, in May 2006. In May 2007, WASO named Paul Daniel its principal conductor, effective as of January 2009. He had made his guest conducting debut with the WASO in 1995, and returned in April 2006. In November 2010, the WASO announced the extension of Daniel's contract as principal conductor through December 2013, at which time his tenure concluded. In May 2012, WASO announced the appointment of Asher Fisch as its newest principal conductor, effective 1 January 2014, with an initial contract of 3 years.
Principal conductors.
NEEDS CORRECTION AND RECHECK. (ex Patrick Thomas 18.2.14, whose recollections are that:) HENRY KRIPS WENT TO ADELAIDE CA 1949; RUDOLF PEKAREK TOOK OVER TILL 1954; JOHN HALL THEN REPLACED HIM TILL CA 1966; THEN THOMAS MAYER TOOK OVER TILL TIBOR PAUL. 
Awards and nominations.
APRA-AMC Classical Music Awards.
The APRA-AMC Classical Music Awards are presented annually by Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA) and Australian Music Centre (AMC).

</doc>
<doc id="2837468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837468" title="Apricot Portable">
Apricot Portable

The Apricot Portable was a portable computer made by Apricot Computers, first released in 1984. It had a 3.5" floppy drive, 4.77 MHz CPU and 256 KiB RAM. It was the first computer to use an 80-column/25-line LCD and speech recognition for input/output. The speech recognition software held 4096 words, with only 64 available at a given time. It had a wireless keyboard and optional wireless mouse, which communicated with the computer using an infrared link; this was relatively new at the time. However, if an object blocked the infrared beam, communications would be cut off. The Apricot also featured a somewhat Mac-like graphical interface. It was originally priced at £1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2837470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837470" title="The Raw Story">
The Raw Story

The Raw Story is an American online news publication founded in 2004 by John Byrne. It covers current national and international political and economic news and publishes its own editorials and investigative pieces. The Raw Story describes itself as progressive, bringing attention to stories that it sees as downplayed or ignored by other media outlets. It is owned by Washington, D.C.-based Raw Story Media, Inc.
Overview.
"The Raw Story" has been reported and featured in "The New York Times", "The Guardian", "LA Weekly", the "New York Post", the "Toronto Star", "The Hill", "Rolling Stone", "The Advocate", "Roll Call", "Hustler", and "Mother Jones".
Boasting an average 2.5 million readers per month (2013), the site is described by "Newsweek" as, "Muck, raked: If you're looking for alleged GOP malfeasance, the folks at rawstory.com are frequently scooping the mainstream media." It was referred to as a "liberal blog" by Howard Kurtz in 2005.
On August 4, 2008 the Online News Association announced that RawStory.com was a finalist in the 2008 Online Journalism awards in the "Investigative, Small Site" category for the story "The permanent Republican majority", about improper partisan influence in the prosecution of former Governor Don Siegelman of Alabama.
"The Raw Story"'s original reporting has also been referenced by MSNBC's Ed Schultz and Lawrence O'Donnell, "The Daily Show", "The Colbert Report", "Real Time with Bill Maher" and "Countdown" with Keith Olbermann. It was also referenced in 2011 by "The Telegraph" newspaper, as being the news website that first revealed a contract had been awarded to Ntrepid by United States Central Command as part of 'Operation Earnest Voice' intended to deploy operatives to create fake online personas abroad.
Raw Story Media, Inc..
Raw Story is wholly owned by Raw Story Media, Inc.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2837471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837471" title="Jake Grove">
Jake Grove

Charles Jacob Grove (born January 22, 1980) is a former American college and professional football player who was a center in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons during the early 2000s. He played college football for Virginia Tech, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the second round of the 2004 NFL Draft, and also played for the NFL's Miami Dolphins.
Early years.
Grove was born in Johnson City, Tennessee. He played high school football at Jefferson Forest High School in Forest, Virginia.
College career.
While attending Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Grove played for coach Frank Beamer's Virginia Tech Hokies football team from 2000 to 2003. As a senior in 2003, he was a first-team All-Big East selection, received unanimous first-team All-American honors, and won the Rimington Trophy, given to the nation's best college center. In recognition of his outstanding college career as a Hokie, Virginia Tech retired his jersey number in 2006.
Professional career.
Oakland Raiders.
Grove was drafted in the second round (45th overall) of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Oakland Raiders, where he played from 2004 to 2008. After being the reserve center behind Adam Treu as a rookie, Grove split time with him as the starting center during the 2005 NFL season, in which the Raiders had a 4-12 won-lost record, then won the job the following year, the 7th starting center in Raider history, starting all 16 games, when Treu became his replacement for a 2-14 team. But in the 2007 NFL season, Jeremy Newberry became the starting center, as Grove started only two games for the 4-12 team. He got his job back in the 2008 NFL season, starting in 12 games, though the team's fortune stayed poor with a 5-11 record. His Oakland tenure was hampered by injuries, and he only played in more than 10 games twice during his six seasons in Oakland.
Miami Dolphins.
On March 2, 2009, Grove signed a five-year, $29 million ($14.5 million guaranteed) free agent contract with the Miami Dolphins. The previous starting center for the Dolphins, Samson Satele, was traded to Grove's old team, the Raiders. Grove suffered through another injury plagued year, playing in 12 games, starting 10 of them. In the 2010 preseason, he suffered from nagging knee and shoulder injuries, and was cut by the Dolphins less than a year after signing his lucrative free agent contract in favor of Joe Berger. He reportedly worked out for the Raiders, Baltimore Ravens, Detroit Lions, and New England Patriots, but did not sign with another team, and is still a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="2837473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837473" title="Faustino Imbali">
Faustino Imbali

Faustino Fudut Imbali (born 1 May 1956) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 21 March 2001 to 9 December 2001. As of 2012, he is the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Biography.
Imbali was born in Ilondé, Portuguese Guinea in May 1956. He studied at the University of Bordeaux in France, graduating with a master's degree in political sociology and development in 1988. He subsequently worked as a researcher at the Instituto Nacional de Estudos e Pesquisa in Bissau. During the Guinea-Bissau Civil War of 1998–1999 he was an advisor to Prime Minister Francisco Fadul.
Imbali ran as an independent candidate in the November 1999 presidential elections and placed third, winning 8.22% of the vote. After the victory of Kumba Ialá of the Party for Social Renewal (PRS) in that election, Imbali was appointed Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Economic and Social Reconstruction in the government named on 19 February 2000, under Prime Minister Caetano Intchama. Subsequently, in the government named on 25 January 2001, he became Minister of Foreign Affairs. When Intchama was dismissed by Ialá in March 2001, Ialá nominated Imbali as his successor, despite the objections of the opposition, which held a majority in parliament. The opposition filed a no-confidence motion against Imbali but subsequently conditionally dropped the motion. In December, Imbali was dismissed by Ialá, who criticized him strongly. Accusing Imbali of diverting money from the armed forces (which Imbali denied), Ialá warned Imbali in April 2002 that he would go to jail unless he returned the money.
In 2003, Imbali founded the Manifest Party of the People (PMP) and ran as its presidential candidate in the 19 June 2005 presidential election, winning 0.52% of the vote.
Imbali was reportedly beaten and taken into custody by security forces on 5 June 2009 in violence directed against alleged coup plotters, including Baciro Dabo and Helder Proenca.

</doc>
<doc id="2837478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837478" title="Black Cypress">
Black Cypress

Black Cypress may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837482" title="Chris Kalantzis">
Chris Kalantzis

Chris Kalantzis (born 27 July 1967) is an Australian former soccer player who played at the highest level of domestic football in Greece and Australia. He played at international level for Australia.
Playing career.
Club career.
He began his career with Sydney Olympic, First Grade, at the age of 15. He was then signed by the Greek team Panathinaikos, where he played for five years. Olympiakos, a rival Greek club, then signed him. On his debut against his former team he scored with his famous bicycle kick from outside the box.
He played for Olympiacos another five years before returning to Sydney Olympic to finish his career, playing two years before retiring. 
International career.
Kalantzis played seven matches in full international matches for Australia.
Post-football career.
In February 2011, Olympiacos CFP announced the establishment of its first Olympiacos Academy outside of Greece in Sydney, Australia. The Australian academy is managed by Kalantzis and Kyriakos Tohouroglou, both former Olympiacos players.

</doc>
<doc id="2837485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837485" title="Pittsburgh compound B">
Pittsburgh compound B

Pittsburgh compound B (PiB) is a radioactive analog of thioflavin T, which can be used in positron emission tomography scans to image beta-amyloid plaques in neuronal tissue. Due to this property, Pittsburgh compound B may be used in investigational studies of Alzheimer's disease.
History of PiB.
The definitive diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease can only be made following the demonstration of the presence of beta-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles, the pathologic hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in brain tissue, typically at autopsy. While the cognitive impairments of the disease could be monitored throughout the disease course, clinicians had no reliable way to monitor the pathologic progression of the disease. Due to this fact, a clear understanding of the process of amyloid deposition and how amyloid deposits relate to the cognitive symptoms of Alzheimer's disease remains to be elucidated. While sophisticated centers for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease are able to diagnose the disease with some reliability based on its clinical presentation, the differential diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease from other dementias is less robust. Furthermore, as novel disease-modifying therapies for Alzheimer's disease that attack and remove beta-amyloid deposits from the brain enter clinical trials, a pre-mortem tool for assessing their effectiveness at clearing the amyloid deposits was a much needed development. 
To answer these needs, a research team from the University of Pittsburgh led by geriatric psychiatrist William E. Klunk and radiochemist Chester A. Mathis synthesised charge neutral benzothiazoles derived from thioflavin T, which included a small number of compounds with suitable properties for use as a positron emission tomography imaging agent. One of these compounds, 2-(4'-[11]methylaminophenyl)-6-hydroxybenzothiazole, was tested in human subjects. The University of Pittsburgh team partnered with a team of researchers from Uppsala University in Uppsala, Sweden, to conduct the first trials of this new agent in human research subjects. As this was the second investigational compound of this class sent to Uppsala from the University of Pittsburgh group, it was termed simply Pittsburgh compound-B by the Swedish team, who also abbreviated it as "PiB". 
The first PiB study of a human subject with a clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease was conducted by Henry Engler in February, 2002, at Uppsala University. PET scans showed that the compound was retained in areas of the cerebral cortex known to contain significant amyloid deposits from post-mortem examinations. The initial human study of PiB was expanded to include 16 Alzheimer's disease subjects and 9 cognitively normal controls, the report of which was published in 2004 in the Annals of Neurology. 
Since that initial study, PiB has been adopted as a research tool by dozens of research institutions around the world. PiB and other compounds in its class are protected under , issued Sept. 18, 2007, which is presently assigned to the University of Pittsburgh. The technology is under license to GE Healthcare, a subsidiary of General Electric, who is pursuing the development of a clinical diagnostic agent based on PiB for assessing brain amyloidosis.

</doc>
<doc id="2837493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837493" title="Caetano N'Tchama">
Caetano N'Tchama

Caetano N'Tchama (born 1955) is a Guinea-Bissau politician and former Prime Minister. He held that position from 19 February 2000 to 19 March 2001 and is a member of the Social Renewal Party (PRS).
N'Tchama served as Minister of the Interior under Prime Minister Francisco Fadul from 1999 to 2000; in Fadul's national unity government, which was sworn in on February 20, 1999, N'Tchama was one of the members chosen by Ansumane Mane's military junta. Following the election of PRS leader Kumba Ialá as President, N'Tchama, who was the third ranking leader of the PRS and is a cousin of Ialá, was chosen by the PRS as Prime Minister in a party vote on 24 January 2000, with 46 votes in favor and six opposed. In late September and early October 2000, he was in Dakar and then Paris for medical treatment. After Fadul accused N'Tchama of corruption, N'Tchama said in October 2000 that he planned to take legal action against Fadul due to these accusations.
In March 2001, the PRS held discussions on replacing N'Tchama as Prime Minister. Ialá dismissed N'Tchama on March 19, saying that this move was necessary to increase stability and decrease political tension. N'Tchama subsequently became head of the Internal Audit Board before being appointed as Attorney General on September 6, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2837502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837502" title="The Chieftains (album)">
The Chieftains (album)

The Chieftains is the first album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1963. The album is now sometimes referred to as "The Chieftains 1" due to the numbering system of their later albums. It was one of the first folk albums to be recorded in stereo.
Track listing.
All tracks traditional compositions

</doc>
<doc id="2837508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837508" title="Apricot PC">
Apricot PC

The Apricot PC is a personal computer produced by Apricot Computers. Released in late 1983, it was Apricot's first computer made for business use.
The press received it well, especially for the high resolution of its time and its trackball cable (future models used IR).
It uses an Intel 8086 processor running at . Optional 8087 math co-processor were possible. Memory is expandable to . CRT green-screen 9" with text mode or graphics . Equipped with two floppy discs and a keyboard with an integrated LCD display. Released in 1983, it achieved success in the United Kingdom.
The "Apricot Xi" is a similar computer released in 1984, but with a hard drive instead of a second floppy.
Software.
Due to incompatible BIOS, trying to run a software package like dBase III will result in a crash.
The system is delivered with SuperCalc, and several system utilities, asynchronous communication, an emulator for , Microsoft Basic-86, Basic Personal and ACT Manager (a GUI for MS-DOS). Optionally you can buy Microsoft Word, Multiplan, WordStar, dBase II, C-Pascal, UCSD Pascal, C, Fortran, COBOL and .
IBM PC compatibility.
The manufacturer did not completely clone the IBM BIOS, so although it ran MS-DOS and CP/M-86, it was not IBM PC compatible as the underlying system BIOS and hardware is very different. An Intel 8089 I/O controller was used, instead of the Intel 8237 DMA chip used in IBM computers; the ROM was only a simple boot loader rather than a full BIOS; and there was no 640k barrier. The floppy disk format was "not quite compatible"; attempting to read an ordinary PC FAT floppy in an Apricot, or vice versa, would result in a scrambled directory listing with some files missing.
Apricot later offered the possibility of converting the computer into an IBM compatible PC by replacing the motherboard with one equipped with an Intel 80286 processor.

</doc>
<doc id="2837509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837509" title="Mono language">
Mono language

There are several languages called Mono:

</doc>
<doc id="2837512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837512" title="The Chieftains 2">
The Chieftains 2

Chieftains 2 is the second album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1969. It was Peadar Mercier's album debut on bodhran.
When Seán Ó Riada disbanded Ceoltoiri Chualann in 1969, several of the players wanted to continue the sound they had pioneered. The result was the reformation of The Chieftains. "The Foxhunt" had previously been known as a piper's tune, but here it was given a full band treatment, and was widely played, as a direct result of this recording.

</doc>
<doc id="2837515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837515" title="Special Forces (video game)">
Special Forces (video game)

Special Forces is a video game released in 1991 by MicroProse. In the game, a team of special operatives are to infiltrate enemy territory to complete various objectives. The game is a sequel to "Airborne Ranger".
Gameplay.
The game lets the player select a team of four from a squad of eight operatives. Once a mission is selected in one of the four regions (temperate zone, arctic, desert and jungle - daytime and nighttime variants) the player is briefed. Objectives range from hostage rescues, destroy specific objects, reconnaissance missions. 
The player needs to plan the mission carefully since the player does not control the operatives directly. Instead the player gives the soldiers orders similar to the game "Commandos". 
The game displays a topdown view of a part of the mission area in various configurations (one viewport per soldier up to four views at the same time in split-screen mode). The player also has access to a strategic battle map with enemy locations visible (there is no fog of war in the game).

</doc>
<doc id="2837520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837520" title="Vertex (band)">
Vertex (band)

Vertex was a band formed in 1995 featuring singer Stephen Pearcy (Ratt, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Nitronic), guitarist Al Pitrelli (Danger Danger, Hotshot, Alice Cooper, Asia, Savatage, Megadeth, Trans-Siberian Orchestra), and drummer Hiro Kuretani (WXXI, later Trancentral Station).
They released a self-titled album in 1996 as well as a single for the track "One Like a Son". A video for this single was also released. All bass parts were played by Pitrelli, who also recorded keyboards. Bob Daisley played bass on tracks "Time and Time" and "Ain't Gonna Be".
Kuretani, who had met Stephen Pearcy at a gig where he opened for Stephen's band Arcade. Bassist Robbie Crane was a touring bassist for Vertex, but was not on the band's album. The band's music is categorized as industrial rock.
Stephen Pearcy and Robbie Crane are currently playing together in Ratt. Hiro Kuretani went on to become an electronic music (progressive breaks) producer.

</doc>
<doc id="2837521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837521" title="The Chieftains 3">
The Chieftains 3

The Chieftains 3 is the third album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1971.
The tight formula of the first two albums loosened up on the third album. For the first time there was a mazurka. There is still no singing, but Pat Kilduff added lilting.

</doc>
<doc id="2837523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837523" title="John Quinn (collector)">
John Quinn (collector)

John Quinn (1870–1924) was a second generation Irish-American corporate lawyer in New York, who for a time was an important patron of major figures of post-impressionism and literary modernism, and collector in particular of original manuscripts.
Life.
John Quinn became a successful New York lawyer, art patron and collector, and collector of manuscripts. He was the principal supporter and purchaser of manuscripts of Joseph Conrad during his lifetime. He met W. B. Yeats in 1902, and was a major supporter. 
He was an organizer and spokesperson for the 1913 Armory Show, and later legal defender of James Joyce and T. S. Eliot. He was a friend of Ezra Pound.
He was a supporter of the Irish nationalist cause and associated with figures such as John Devoy and Roger Casement, though he worked for British Intelligence services before, during and after World War I. In this role he acted as case officer for, among others, Aleister Crowley who was an agent provocateur posing as an Irish nationalist in order to infiltrate anti-British groups of Irish and Germans in the United States.
There is absolutely no factual evidence to Richard Spence's assertion that John Quinn worked for British Intelligence, and it should be removed from his biography.
Art promotion.
In 1913, he convinced the United States Congress to overturn the 1909 Tariff Law, which retained the duty on foreign works of art less than twenty years old and which discouraged collecting modern European art. 
A huge and controversial event, the 1913 Armory Show (officially The International Exhibition of Modern Art, in New York City) included examples of Symbolism, Impressionism, Post-Impressionism, Neo-Impressionism, and Cubism. John Quinn opened the exhibition with the words: 
In 1913 he represented Margaret Kieley in a $2,000,000.00 legal contest over the Last Will and Testament of her husband Timothy J. Kieley's estate. He won because his opponents, the nephews and nieces could not produce vital witnesses and defaulted. 
In the early 1920s, Quinn represented Margaret Anderson and Jane Heap for their publication in "The Little Review" of serial portions of James Joyce's "Ulysses", which the U.S. Post Office had found "obscene".
Family.
Quinn was born in Tiffin, Ohio, to an Irish baker and grocer, James W. Quinn, and Mary Quinlaw Quinn, and grew up in nearby Fostoria, Ohio, where his parents relocated in 1871. His paternal grandparents, James and Mary (Madigan) Quinn, natives of County Limerick, Ireland, settled in Tiffin in 1851, where the grandfather was a blacksmith by trade. 
Quinn died at age 54 and was buried by his family in Fostoria, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2837524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837524" title="The Chieftains 4">
The Chieftains 4

The Chieftains 4 is an album by The Chieftains. It is the first album to feature Derek Bell on the harp. This album is where The Chieftains' modern sound began.
Track listing.
All tracks traditional compositions; except where indicated
Comments.
The arrival of Derek Bell on harp gave The Chieftains a distinctive delicate sound. The slow air "Mná na hÉireann" (Women of Ireland), composed by Seán Ó Riada, was used in Stanley Kubrick's 1975 film "Barry Lyndon". In 1996 Mike Oldfield recorded it on his album "Voyager" but credited it to "Traditional".

</doc>
<doc id="2837537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837537" title="Cnicus">
Cnicus

Cnicus benedictus (St. Benedict's thistle, blessed thistle, holy thistle or spotted thistle), is a thistle-like plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Mediterranean region, from Portugal north to southern France and east to Iran. It is known in other parts of the world, including parts of North America, as an introduced species and often a noxious weed. It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Cnicus.
Growth.
It is an annual plant growing to 60 cm tall, with leathery, hairy leaves up to 30 cm long and 8 cm broad, with small spines on the margins. The flowers are yellow, produced in a dense flowerhead (capitulum) 3-4 cm diameter, surrounded by numerous spiny basal bracts.
The related genus "Notobasis" is included in "Cnicus" by some botanists; it differs in slender, much spinier leaves, and purple flowers. <br clear = left>
Medicinal uses.
It has sometimes been used as a galactogogue to promote lactation. The crude extracts contain about 0.2% cnicin. It is recommended for use by public health nurses in Ontario, Canada, as well as by the Canadian Breastfeeding Foundation along with fenugreek to increase lactation in nursing mothers. It is also a component in some bitters formulas.
Edibility.
These thistles are not considered edible, unlike "Cirsium", "Arctium" and "Onopordum" species; the leaves are considered unpalatable if not bitter.

</doc>
<doc id="2837547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837547" title="Biphasic">
Biphasic

A biphasic system is one which has two phases. 

</doc>
<doc id="2837554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837554" title="Arbat District">
Arbat District

Arbat District () is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population: 
The district extends from central Mokhovaya Street west to Novoarbatsky Bridge over the Moskva River. Its irregular boundaries correspond roughly to Znamenka Street and Sivtsev Vrazhek Lane in the south and Povarskaya Street in the north. Main radial streets are Vozdvizhenka Street, New Arbat Street and pedestrian Arbat Street.
Economy.
Aeroflot has its head office in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="2837562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837562" title="Huang Gongwang">
Huang Gongwang

Huang Gongwang (1269–1354) was a painter born during the late Song Dynasty in Changshu, Jiangsu. He was the oldest of the "Four Masters of the Yuan Dynasty." Huang was born Lu Jian (), and after serving as a government official, he became a Taoist priest. He spent his last years in the Fu-ch'un mountains near Hangzhou devoting himself to Taoism, where around 1350 he completed one of his most famous, and arguably greatest, works, "Dwelling in the Fuchun Mountains".
In art he rejected the landscape conventions of his era's Academy, but is now regarded as one of the great literati painters. He had two styles, one of which depended on the use of purple, while the other required the use of black ink. He was also a poet, as was typical for Chinese scholar-officials of his era, and had some talent for music.
He wrote a treatise on landscape painting, "Secrets of Landscape Painting" (, "Xiě Shānshuǐ Jué").

</doc>
<doc id="2837565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837565" title="1882 in architecture">
1882 in architecture

The year 1882 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="2837570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837570" title="Godunov">
Godunov

Godunov is a Russian surname. 
Godunov can refer to the following:
Two Tsars of Russia and their kin:
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2837576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837576" title="Lewis Jones (rugby)">
Lewis Jones (rugby)

Benjamin Lewis Jones (born 11 April 1931 in Gorseinon, Glamorgan) is a Welsh former rugby union and rugby league footballer of the mid-20th century, a dual-code rugby international. He won nine caps for Wales at fullback, centre and wing before turning professional and playing rugby league for Leeds and Great Britain. Rugby league historian Robert Gate has described Lewis Jones as 'arguably the most devastating attacking back Wales has ever produced'. His acceleration over the first few yards was stunning, allowing him to penetrate almost any defence and enabling him in the mid-1950s to become the greatest star in the game. 
Background.
Born Saturday, 11 April 1931 in Gorseinon, Glamorgan, Lewis Jones was educated at Gowerton Grammar School and played club rugby for Neath before undertaking his national service in the Navy. After leaving the Navy he joined Llanelli. He won his first cap for Wales against England in 1950. This was a match Jones might easily have missed, as he had been about to depart for Hong Kong on board an aircraft carrier until the orders were countermanded on discovering that he was a rugby player. The same year he played for the British Lions, being flown out as a replacement for an injured player on the tour to New Zealand and Australia and playing in three test matches. He scored 63 points in seven games in New Zealand and 16 points against Australia in Brisbane.
Professional playing career.
In November 1952 Jones signed for Leeds rugby league club for a record £6,000 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £382,000 in 2009). A broken arm prevented him having much impact in his first season but in the 1953-54 Northern Rugby Football League season he scored 302 points and he first represented Wales in 1953 against France. Jones toured Australasia in 1954. In 1956-57 he scored a record 496 points. He also set the record for most points in a test series in 1956-57. He played in the 1957 World Cup.
In the 1960-61 Northern Rugby Football League season he played a great part in Leeds' first championship.
After the 1953 game against France, Wales did not play another officially recognised international match until 1968; but during this period a representative Wales team played in two games against France. The second of these games saw Jones given the captaincy, leading the Wales team out at Toulouse on 17 February 1963. Despite playing twice for his country, he was only capped for the first match. 
Lewis also represented Great Britain while at Leeds between 1952 and 1956 against France (2 non-Test matches). Lewis Jones represented the "Rest of the World" in the 11-20 defeat by Australia at Sydney Cricket Ground on 29 June 1957.
Jones' Testimonial match at Leeds took place in 1963. He was the first Leeds player to score over 1,000 goals for the club, a feat not matched until 2009 Kevin Sinfield. Jones became one of fewer than ten Welshmen to have scored more than 2,000 points in their rugby league career.
Jones won 15 caps for Great Britain at rugby league, scoring in every game he played. He spent six years as a player-coach in Australia. A schoolteacher by profession, he later taught mathematics in Leeds.
Post playing.
Arriva Yorkshire honoured thirteen rugby league footballers on Thursday 20 August 2009, at a ceremony at the Jungle, the home of Castleford. A fleet of new buses were named after the 'Arriva Yorkshire Rugby League Dream Team', which included Jones. Members of the public nominated the best ever rugby league footballers to have played in West Yorkshire, supported by local rugby league journalists; James Deighton from BBC Leeds, and Tim Butcher, editor of "Rugby League World".
In 2013 Jones, along with three other former players, was inducted into the Rugby League Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2837589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837589" title="Mono language (Congo)">
Mono language (Congo)

Mono is a language spoken by about 65,000 people in the northwestern corner of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is one of the Banda languages, a subbranch of the Ubangian branch of the Niger–Congo languages. It has five dialects: Bili, Bubanda, Mpaka, Galaba, and Kaga. 
Mono has 33 consonant phonemes, including three labial-velar stops (, , and prenasalized ), an asymmetrical eight-vowel system, and a labiodental flap () that contrasts with both and . It is a tonal language.

</doc>
<doc id="2837594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837594" title="Buzău River">
Buzău River

Buzău () is a river in eastern Romania, tributary of the Siret River. Its total length is 302 km. Its source is in the south-eastern Carpathian Mountains, east of Braşov. The Buzău flows through the Romanian counties Braşov, Covasna, Buzău and Brăila. It flows into the Siret close to its confluence with the Danube, west of Galaţi.
The river Buzău gives its name to two urban municipalities: the city of Buzău (the Buzău county seat) and the town of Întorsura Buzăului, in Covasna County. Întorsura Buzăului (which means "Buzău's Turning" in Romanian) gets its name from being located near a large turn that the river takes. It initially flows northwards, but takes a sudden turn towards the south-east near the town.
Towns and villages.
The following towns and villages are situated along the river Buzău, from source to mouth: Vama Buzăului, Întorsura Buzăului, Sita Buzăului, Crasna, Siriu, Nehoiaşu, Nehoiu, Păltineni, Pătârlagele, Pănătău, Cislău, Viperești, Măgura, Berca, Săpoca, Vernești, Mărăcineni, Buzău, Săgeata, Găvănești, Banița, Vișani, Câineni-Băi, Grădiştea, Racoviţa, Latinu.
Tributaries.
The following rivers are tributaries to the river Buzău:
Left: Strâmbu, Urlătoarea Mare, Urlătoarea Mică, Dălghiu, Acriş, Zăbrătău, Harţag, Sasu, Grămăticu, Tehereu, Ghiurca, Caşoca, Bâsca Roziliei, Pănătău, Sibiciu, Ruşavăţu, Bălăneasa, Sărăţel, Pâclele, Slănic, Blăjanca, Valea Largă, Сâlnău, Boul, Ghergheasa, Bold, Ciulniţa
Right: Pârâul Feţei, Pârâul Ilcii, Buzăiel, Ciumernicu, Chichirău, Crasna, Izvorul Negru, Bradu, Siriu, Bonţu Mare, Nehoiu, Bâsca Chiojdului, Nişcov, Buzoel

</doc>
<doc id="2837606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837606" title="Clara Ant">
Clara Ant

Clara Levin Ant is a Brazilian architect and political activist. 
She started her political activity in the Trotskyist movement Liberdade e Luta but later moved to the centre left. Ant has been an activist of the Partido dos Trabalhadores since its onset and was the party’s treasurer before been elected a parliamentarian in 1986.
Later she become involved in the Executive branch of government as a regional administrator in the city of São Paulo under Marta Suplicy. Currently she serves as the Personal Assistant to Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. She has played a role communicating between Lula / PT and the Brazilian Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="2837608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837608" title="Keith Adams (filmmaker)">
Keith Adams (filmmaker)

Keith Flexmore Adams (born 8 September 1926 in Tasmania), is an Australian adventurer and filmmaker.
In 1955, Adams produced an amateur film, "Northern Safari", in which he, his wife Audrey, his sister Margaret and their fox terrier Tiger travelled in an old Buick from their home in Perth, Western Australia across the Gibson Desert to the Gulf of Carpentaria. Adams predated by several decades such Australian adventurers such as Les Hiddins (The Bush Tucker Man), Paul Hogan's fictional Crocodile Dundee and Steve Irwin. Adams presented his film throughout Australian and several overseas countries.
Adams' autobiography, "Crocodile Safari Man: My Tasmanian Childhood in the Great Depression & 50 Years of Desert Safaris to the Gulf of Carpentaria 1949 – 1999" (ISBN 9781875998821) was published in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2837611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837611" title="Faster Pussycat (album)">
Faster Pussycat (album)

Faster Pussycat is the first album by the band of the same name. The album reached #97 on the Billboard 200 chart. Videos were made for several of the songs on the album, including Don't Change That Song, which had a video directed by Russ Meyer.
The band performed Cathouse and Bathroom Wall in the film , and they were interviewed in the segment as well. 
The album was released on CD by UK-based company Rock Candy Records, with expanded liner notes and photos.
Reception.
In 2005, "Faster Pussycat" was ranked number 498 in "Rock Hard" magazine's book of "The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time".

</doc>
<doc id="2837613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837613" title="Cassia gum">
Cassia gum

Cassia gum is a food additive made from the endosperm of "Senna obtusifolia" (also called "Cassia obtusifolia" or "Cassia tora"). It is used as a thickener and gelling agent, and has E-number E427.
Cassia gum is currently (mid-2009) being used mainly in pet food applications. In the EU, cassia tora gum is approved as E-427. It is approved in Japan, China and Australasia. In Russia (and perhaps other Eastern Bloc countries) cassia may be used upon special permission (registration) with the authorities by the end-user. 
Approval has already been obtained in France, Belgium and Austria for human food applications. Full EU approval is expected by the end of 2009. 
In June 2008, specialty firm Lubrizol Advanced Material filed a petition to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) proposing that food regulations be amended to provide for the use of cassia gum as a stabilizer in frozen dairy desserts. Approval in the US is still pending, with no clear indication of when it may be obtained.
Cassia tora is not approved for human food but only for pet food. A chemically-modified grade is used in personal care products. 

</doc>
<doc id="2837619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837619" title="LAPD Rampart Division">
LAPD Rampart Division

The Rampart Division of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) serves communities to the west of Downtown Los Angeles (DTLA) including Silverlake, Echo Park, Pico-Union and Westlake, all together designated as the Rampart patrol area. Its name is derived from Rampart Boulevard, one of the principal thoroughfares in its patrol area. The original station was located at 2710 West Temple Street. It has since moved southeast to a newer facility located at 1401 West 6th Street, the site of the former Emergency Receiving Hospital. With 375,000 residents occupying a area, Rampart is Los Angeles's most densely populated community.
History of Rampart Division.
The Los Angeles Police Department’s (LAPD) Rampart Division (#02) was created in October 1966. It was formed from portions of LAPD’s Central, Wilshire, University (now Southwest), and Hollywood Areas. William H. Parker was the Chief of Police at the time, and he stated that the new Rampart Division was needed to decrease the span between the Metropolitan, Hollywood, and Wilshire Areas. Several locations for the original station were considered before the Rampart Heights area was finally chosen in 1961. In 1963, the property at the southwest corner of Temple St and Benton Way was obtained, and construction began in December 1964. The total cost of the site, design, construction, equipment and furnishings was $1,419,397.
The LAPD Rampart Division Station, located at 2710 West Temple Street officially opened on October 23, 1966 under the command of Captain R. O. Bradley. Rampart Area spanned approximately 13.7 square miles and served approximately 200,000 citizens. Its borders at the time were: Normandie Ave on the west; Santa Monica Bl, Hyperion Ave, and the Los Angeles River to the North; the 110-Pasadena/Harbor Freeway to the east; and the 10-Santa Monica Freeway to the south.As the population grew and more personnel were needed to serve the area, space became an issue. Detective functions were eventually relocated to a separate building, located at 303 S. Union Avenue.
After 40 years of wear and tear, the time came to replace the original station on Temple St. A decision was made to build the new station on the site where the aging Central Receiving Hospital was currently located.The new Rampart Community Police Station, located at 1401 W. 6th St., opened its doors on July 25, 2008 under the command of Captain III John Egan and Captain I Paul Hernandez. It was assigned approximately 275 Police Officers, 55 Detectives, and 50 civilian personnel. The new station re-united Rampart Patrol and Detectives under one roof again, serving approximately 375,000 people in an 8 square mile area.
Soon after the new Rampart Station opened, the LAPD created a new Division, the Olympic Area (#20). On January 4, 2009, Olympic Community Police Station opened its doors and assumed responsibility for a portion of what was formerly the east side of Rampart Division, from Normandie to Hoover St.Currently, Rampart Division has about 330 personnel that provide service to approximately 164,961 inhabitants in a compact 5.54 square mile area. The population density of the Rampart Area is similar to Manhattan Island. It serves the communities of Angelino Heights, Echo Park, Historic Filipinotown, Korea Town, Lafayette Park, Macarthur Park, Pico-Union, Temple-Beaudry, Virgil Village, and Westlake.
Rampart Community Police Advisory Board (C-PAB).
The Rampart CPAB remains active with committees addressing specific issues such as traffic, crime, youth programs, and membership. Each member is independently active in the community and has the ability to relay information to thousands of community members. CPAB members provide an extremely valuable service to the Rampart Area as they are able to relay the pulse and sentiment of the community at any given time.
Community-Police Advisory Boards (C-PABs) were created in 1993 to provide community members with an opportunity to provide information and advice to their respective Area and to take information from the police department back to the community. Each of the 21 geographic Areas (community police stations) throughout Los Angeles has its own C-PAB. These advisory groups meet monthly to discuss crime and quality of life issues. Each C-PAB has two co-chairs, one of the Area commanding officer while the second is a civilian member voted on by the membership. Recently, many C-PABs have formed subcommittees in addition to the general group to tackle specific crime and quality of life problems. Examples of C-PAB subcommittees include Graffiti, Youth, Homeless Outreach and Traffic.
Neighborhood Councils in Rampart Area.
Through a network of Neighborhood Councils, the City of Los Angeles promotes public participation in government and works to improve government responsiveness to local concerns.
Criminal Street Gangs in the Rampart Area.
There are numerous criminal street gangs in the Rampart Area. They include, but are not limited to: 18th St, Mara Salvatrucha, Echo Park, Rockwood, Crazy Riders, Temple St, Witmer St, Clanton 14, Burlington locos, Wanderers, Varrio Vista Rifa, Head Hunters, Diamond St, Big Top Locos, and La Mirada Locos.
Gang injunctions have been helpful in curbing gang crimes and violence in the Rampart Area.
Notable Events.
September 11, 2012 - Pursuit and Shoot-out with Murder & Carjack Suspect.
On September 11, 2012, Rampart officers observed a vehicle reported stolen by gunpoint earlier in the day from the North Hollywood Area. Officers attempted to pull it over about 6 p.m. near the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and Rosemont Avenue but the suspect refused. The suspect lead police on a pursuit through Echo Park, Silver Lake and downtown for more than an hour. During the pursuit officers recognized the suspect as a person wanted in connection with a homicide earlier in the year. The chase ended when the driver crashed into another vehicle at the intersection of South Bixel and West 7th streets. The suspect exited the stolen car with an assault rifle and engaged officers in shoot-out. The suspect was wounded and taken into custody. No officers were hurt. The civilian from the car that the suspect crashed into was rescued by officers and led away to safety. For their actions of bravery above and beyond the call of duty, Officers from LAPD's Rampart, Olympic and Metropolitan Divisions were recognized at a White House ceremony by President Barack Obama, and were honored with the prestigious Top Cop Award by NAPO.
November 9, 2004 - Hostage Taker at the Mexican Consulate.
On Tuesday, November 9, 2004 , at approximately 8:30 a.m., Los Angeles Police received a 911 call of a man with a gun attempting to take a hostage inside the Mexican Consulate at 2401 W. 6 th Street . Rampart Division Patrol Officers responded, and while setting up a perimeter saw a male suspect leave the building with a woman he was holding hostage. The suspect was holding her tightly from behind, with his arm around her neck and was armed with what appeared to be a handgun. Sergeant Hector Feliciano, fired one round from his handgun striking the suspect who released the hostage and fell to the ground. The suspect was later identified as 19-year old Manuel Jubenal Ortiz and the gun he was carrying was determined to be a starters pistol. The victim, 31-year old Dunia Gonzalez, who was pregnant and an employee of the Mexican Consulate, was not injured. She was taken safely away from the scene by another Rampart officer. The suspect, who was injured in the officer involved shooting, was taken by rescue ambulance to University of Southern California Medical Center (USCMC), where he later died. The FBI was handling the criminal investigation with assistance from Robbery-Homicide Division. The drama unfolded on live TV. Sergeant Feliciano received the LAPD's Medal of Valor and a honorable mention commendation at the TOP COPS Award Ceremony, by NAPO.
The Rampart "scandal".
The Community Resources Against Street Hoodlums (CRASH) anti-gang program initiated under the direction of LAPD Chief Daryl F. Gates in the late 1970s had encountered some success in the Rampart Division. However, between 1998–2000, graphic allegations of extreme police misconduct among Rampart's CRASH squad began to emerge. This misconduct involved several officers and detectives, most notably Rafael Perez. Perez was suspected to be involved in a bank robbery committed by another Rampart Division officer, David Mack; he also stole six pounds of cocaine from an LAPD evidence locker, which eventually led to his arrest. His most egregious act involved the shooting—and framing—of unarmed gang member Javier Ovando. Perez originally claimed that Ovando had opened fire at both Perez and another officer, Nino Durden. The two officers then returned fire, leaving Ovando paralyzed. Perez and Durden then framed Ovando for the attack and he was found guilty and sentenced to 23 years in prison (Ovando was later released once Perez admitted to shooting and framing him). After several other incidents, the LAPD became suspicious of Perez and began to investigate him. Perez later pled guilty to the cocaine theft in exchange for information about other corrupt officers within the Rampart Division. In turn, Perez implicated approximately 70 officers of misconduct.
Popular culture.
Although not set in the Rampart Division, the long-running television series "Adam-12" featured the Rampart Division station on Temple Street as the setting for the series. However, according to the radio call sign of the unit "1-Adam 12", the station is actually the Central Division station (Division One), which serves Downtown Los Angeles.
Southland featured the new Rampart Division station at 1401 W. 6th St in roll call room and station scenes. The critically acclaimed series ran from 2009 to 2013. Southland takes a "raw and authentic look" at Los Angeles and the lives of the LAPD officers who police it. The show's first season centers on the experiences and interactions of LAPD patrol officers and detectives, and is more a character-driven drama than a police procedural. Among the characters are rookie Officer Ben Sherman and his training officer, John Cooper who, unknown to most of his colleagues, is homosexual; Detective Lydia Adams, who must balance work with the responsibility of living with her mother; Officer Chickie Brown, who aspires to be the first woman on the LAPD's elite SWAT team; and Detective Sammy Bryant, whose home life interferes with his working life. After its first season on NBC, Southland moved to TNT network. The second season placed less emphasis on the ensemble cast, instead focusing more on the Adams, Sherman, Cooper and Bryant characters and their partners. Also, the weekly stories centered more on how crimes came together, with fewer serialized story lines.
The 1988 film "Colors," starring Academy Award–winning actors Robert Duvall and Sean Penn (and directed by Dennis Hopper), attempted to realistically show police work by portraying the lives of a veteran and a rookie LAPD officer partnered together in a gang-infested part of Los Angeles. The film actually uses the real-life CRASH acronym as the division Duvall and Penn's characters are working under.
The 2001 film "Training Day" starred Academy Award-winner Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke (and was directed by Antoine Fuqua). The film, as the title suggests, follows a single day in the life of a young LAPD officer, Jake Hoyt (Hawke), as he is subjected to a uniquely challenging evaluation by Alonzo Harris (Washington), a highly decorated detective with the LAPD narcotics division, to see if he has what it takes to be a "narc" (narcotics officer). The entire film takes place over a single intense 24-hour period in Los Angeles. It was partly based on and heavily influenced by the Rampart Division CRASH unit and the surrounding scandal.
In the 2004 film, Crash, an off-duty black police officer is shot by an off-duty white officer in a turn of events very similar to the shooting of Kevin Gaines. The said black officer is, later, found to be corrupt, just like in the case of Kevin Gaines. However, in the film the corrupt nature of the black officer is suppressed by the city district attorney in order to not lose the black vote.
FX Networks' hit series "The Shield" is inspired by Rampart's C.R.A.S.H. unit. Originally called "Rampart" when the first ads were run, the show's title was later changed at the request of the LAPD. By calling the show "Rampart", the LAPD claimed that the show's graphic content would portray them as corrupt. Consequently, the show was set up in the fictional Farmington Division ("the Farm") of Los Angeles (based on East and South Central Los Angeles), using a converted church ("the Barn") as their police station. The show primarily follows the activities of Detective Vic Mackey (portrayed by Emmy winner Michael Chiklis) and the corrupt detectives under his command, Shane Vendrell, Curtis Lemansky, and Ronnie Gardocki, who make up the "Strike Team", a special experimental LAPD unit specializing in anti-gang activity and anti-drug and weapon trafficking.
Another portrayal of the Rampart Scandal can be seen in the film "Dirty", which follows two corrupt members of an LAPD anti-gang unit (portrayed by Clifton Collins, Jr. and Academy Award winner Cuba Gooding, Jr.) through a day at work, showing actions such as the killing of gang members, theft of narcotics evidence, and planting of evidence on shooting victims, and showing the eventual consequences of these actions.
Echo Park is a novel by Michael Connelly. A serendipitous traffic stop in L.A.'s Echo Park neighborhood nabs Reynard Waits, a man with body parts in his van on the floorboard in front of the front seat. Detective Freddy Olivas is working the case and Richard O'Shea is the prosecutor assigned. Soon Waits has confessed to a string of slayings involving prostitutes and runaways, as well as to two earlier murders: one of a pawnshop owner during the 1992 riots, the other of Marie Gesto.
In 2010, the crime drama movie Faster featured a police officer played by Billy Bob Thornton who is revealed to be a corrupt former Rampart CRASH officer.
"Rampart" is a 2011 feature film derived from the Rampart Scandal and starring Woody Harrelson, Ben Foster and Ice Cube. Based on a James Ellroy screenplay that covers both the scandal and the LAPD C.R.A.S.H. units involved, the film was directed and co-written by Oren Moverman. Harrelson portrays Dave Brown, a personally and professionally conflicted LAPD officer caught up in the aftermath of the scandal which brings him to the attention of Kyle Timkins (Ice Cube) as an internal affairs investigator. Filming was completed in December, 2010 in LA
The plot of Rockstar Games' controversial video game "", set in 1992 in a fictional version of Los Angeles, involves two corrupt CRASH officers and one that disagrees with the others. The CRASH motto, "intimidate those who intimidate others", is spoken directly by one of these characters during the course of the game.
Social Media.
"Facebook - LapdRampart - Official Facebook account of LAPD's Rampart Division".
Includes Crime Alerts, Safety Tips, Police Activity, and News of interest to the Rampart Area.
"Twitter - @LAPDrampart - Official Twitter account of LAPD's Rampart Division".
Includes Breaking News, Police Activity, Crime Alerts, Safety Tips,and Information of interest to the Rampart Area.
"Instagram - lapdrampart - Official Instagram account of LAPD's Rampart Division".
Includes Pictures of Rampart Area, Police Activity, LAPD Equipment, and other items of interest to the Rampart Area

</doc>
<doc id="2837625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837625" title="Raycraft Ranch killifish">
Raycraft Ranch killifish

The Raycraft Ranch killifish or Raycraft poolfish, "Empetrichthys latos concavus", was first described in 1948. It is extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="2837626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837626" title="Franklin, New York">
Franklin, New York

Franklin, New York may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837630" title="Valery Larbaud">
Valery Larbaud

Valery Larbaud (29 August 1881 Vichy – 2 February 1957 Vichy) was a French writer.
Life.
He was born in Vichy, Allier, the only child of a pharmacist. His father died when he was 8, and he was brought up by his mother and aunt. His father had been owner of the Vichy Saint-Yorre mineral water springs, and the family fortune assured him an easy life. He travelled Europe in style. On luxury liners and the Orient Express he carried off the dandy role, with spa visits to nurse fragile health.
"Poèmes par un riche amateur", published in 1908, received Octave Mirbeau's vote for Prix Goncourt. Three years later, his novel "Fermina Márquez", inspired by his days as a boarder at Sainte-Barbe-des-Champs at Fontenay-aux-Roses, had some Prix Goncourt votes in 1911.
He spoke six languages including English, Italian and Spanish. In France he helped translate and popularise Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Walt Whitman, Samuel Butler, and James Joyce, whose "Ulysses" was translated by Auguste Morel (1924-1929) under Larbaud's supervision.
At home in Vichy, he saw as friends Charles-Louis Philippe, André Gide, Léon-Paul Fargue and Jean Aubry, his future biographer. An attack of hemiplegia and aphasia in 1935 left him paralysed. Having spent his fortune, he had to sell his property and 15,000 book library. Despite his illness, he continued to receive many honorary titles, and in 1952 he was awarded the Prix National des Lettres.
The Prix Littéraire Valery Larbaud was created in 1957 by L'Association Internationale des Amis de Valery Larbaud, a group created to promote the author's work. Past winners of this yearly award include J.M.G. Le Clézio, Jacques Réda, Emmanuel Carrère, and Jean Rolin.
Georges Perec's character Bartlebooth is a cross between Melville's Bartleby and Larbaud's Barnabooth.

</doc>
<doc id="2837631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837631" title="Rukn al-Dawla">
Rukn al-Dawla

Hasan (died September 976), better known by his "laqab" as Rukn al-Dawla (Persian: رکن‌الدوله دیلمی), was the first Buyid amir of northern and central Iran (c. 935-976). He was the son of Buya.
Struggle for power.
Hasan was the son of Buya, a Dailamite fisherman from Lahijan, who left his Zoroastrian faith and converted to Islam. Ahmad had a older brother named 'Ali and a younger brother named Ahmad. He also had a sister named Kama.
In around 928, Hasan's brother 'Ali joined the services of Makan, who was the Samanid governor of Ray. 'Ali then managed to gain military positions for Hasan and their other brother Ahmad. At the time, Hasan was about thirty years old. When Makan attacked his Samanid overlords and was subsequently defeated by the Ziyarid prince Mardavij, the brothers transferred their allegiance to the latter.
In the following years, 'Ali repudiated his subservience to Mardavij and, after some time, managed to create an empire in Fars. During this time, Hasan distinguished himself in the battles over that province. Mardavij, however, marched south and forced 'Ali to recognize his authority in around 934. Hasan was sent to Madavij's court as a hostage. The death of Mardavij in 935 allowed Hasan to escape, and also provided an opportunity for the Buyids to expand into central Iran. 'Ali therefore sent Hasan to take Isfahan. The Ziyarids, now under Vushmgir, were busy dealing with the Samanids, allowing the Buyid to easily take the city. This success did not last, however. Internal disruptions, combined with an invasion by Vushmgir, forced Hasan to abandon Isfahan to the Ziyarids three years later. In 940, he appointed Abu 'l-Fadl ibn al-'Amid as his vizier.
Although he did not receive much support from 'Ali, Hasan continued to be involved in central Iran. In 940 he recaptured Isfahan, then defeated Vushmgir in battle and occupied Ray, which had been taken by the Samanids, in 943. Meanwhile, in 945 Hasan's brother Ahmad had managed to capture Baghdad, occupying the Abbasid Caliphate. The caliph al-Mustakfi gave Ahmad the honorific title of "Mu'izz al-Dawla", while Ali' received the title of "'Imad al-Dawla". Hasan himself was bestowed with the title "Rukn al-Dawla".
That same year, 945, saw Rukn al-Dawla expelled from all of central Iran by Ibn Muhtaj, the governor of Samanid Khurasan. Only in 946 or 947 was he able to make his return to Ray. He was, however, able to expand his territory after doing so, stripping Vushmgir of Gurgan and Tabaristan. Some time later, Abu Mansur Muhammad, a former Samanid general who had rebelled against them, took refuge in Ray, and was honored by Rukn al-Dawla, who, along with his brothers, greatly awarded him with riches. Rukn al-Dawla shortly sent Abu Mansur to Damghan in order to protect Ray from an Samanid invasion.
In 948 or 949, the Sallarid ruler of Azerbaijan, al-Marzuban, became angry over a diplomatic insult sent to him by Mu'izz al-Dawla. He sought revenge against the Buyids by attempting to seize Ray from Rukn al-Dawla. The amir, however, convinced al-Marzuban by diplomatic measures to delay his expedition until his brothers sent him additional armies; he then sent an army under Abu Mansur which defeated al-Marzuban near Qazvin and imprisoned him.
Senior amir.
In around 948 'Imad al-Dawla named Rukn al-Dawla's eldest son, Fana Khusrau ('Adud al-Dawla) as his successor. In September 949 he died, and Rukn al-Dawla claimed the title of senior amir for himself. He traveled to Shiraz and stayed there for at least nine months in order to secure his son's succession there, despite the fact that the Samanids were threatening his own possessions. Mu'izz al-Dawla, meanwhile, accepted Rukn al-Dawla's position of senior amir and also sent troops to Shiraz to assist 'Adud al-Dawla.
With his substantial territories in central Iran, as well as pledges to respect his authority by both Mu'izz al-Dawla and 'Adud al-Dawla, Rukn al-Dawla was now the most powerful ruler in the Buyid empire. The center of power therefore shifted from Shiraz to Ray. As a consequence of this, Rukn al-Dawla was able to request troops from the other Buyid rulers. His own position was not secure; during his time in Shiraz the governor of Samanid Khurasan seized Jibal for a time. 
In 949, Rukn al-Dawla sent Abu Mansur to Azerbaijan with orders to take control of the province. Marzuban's brother and the Sallarid ruler of Dailam, Wahsudan, shortly sent an army under the Kurdish general Daisam, but the latter was forced to retreat to Arran. Furthermore, the vizier of Daisam, Ibn Mahmud, betrayed him and joined Abu Mansur, who managed to successfully conquer Azerbaijan, and was shortly appointed as the governor of the region by Rukn al-Dawla. Ibn Mahmud was shortly appointed by Abu Mansur as his personal minister. However, a unnamed secretary of Abu Mansur, who had greatly helped him during his conquest of Azerbaijan, felt insulted that he had chosen Ibn Mahmud as his minister instead of him, and shortly raised an army, and joined Daisam. Meanwhile, Abu Mansur, who was not used to the environment of Azerbaijan, left the region with Ibn Mahmud, and returned to Ray. Thus ending the short-lived Buyid rule over Azerbaijan. In 952 or 953 al-Marzuban escaped, and after some fighting retook control of Azerbaijan. By 955, Rukn al-Dawla made peace with him, and married his daughter. 
The fight between the Buyids and the Ziyarids, along with their Samanid overlords over Gurgan and Tabaristan also continued until 955, with control of the provinces switching hands several times. Rukn al-Dawla was forced to sign a treaty with the Samanids, in which he promised to respect the independence of the Ziyarids in exchange for peace. The peace did not last long, however; in 958 Vushmgir occupied Ray for a short time, while in 960 Rukn al-Dawla briefly gained control of Gurgan. In 962, the Buyid managed to take both Gurgan and Tabaristan for a short time. 
In 966, a large group "ghazis" from Khorasan, plundered Jibal, and also managed to wound Rukn al-Dawla's vizier Abu 'l-Fadl. The "ghazis" shortly marched towards an important Buyid library in Ray, which was, however, saved by Abu 'l-Fadl's chief librarian Ibn Miskawayh. Rukn al-Dawla shortly sent an army under his nephew Ali ibn Kama which managed to repel the "ghazis". The next year, under the orders of Rukn al-Dawla, Abu 'l-Fadl conquered Azerbaijan, and restored Rukn al-Dawla's son-in-law the Sallarid Ibrahim I ibn Marzuban I as the ruler of the region. Abu 'l-Fadl shortly urged Rukn al-Dawla to depose Ibrahim and impose direct Buyid control on the region. Rukn al-Dawla, however, declined his advice. In 970, Rukn al-Dawla sent Abu 'l-Fadl on a expedition against the Kurdish ruler Hasanwayh, but died before he managed to deal with the latter, and was shortly succeeded as vizier by his son Abu'l-Fath ibn al-'Amid, who shortly managed to deal with Hasanwayh.
During the same period, Rukn al-Dawla's fighting with his rivals began to work in his favor, and he was able to sign a less humiliating treaty with the Samanids in 971 or 972, though he continued to pay tribute.
In 974 Rukn al-Dawla sent 'Adud al-Dawla to suppress a large revolt against 'Izz al-Dawla, who had succeeded Mu'izz al-Dawla in Iraq in 967. 'Izz al-Dawla had also recognized Rukn al-Dawla as senior amir, but he and 'Adud al-Dawla had a dislike of each other. 'Adud al-Dawla successfully destroyed the rebellion, but ended up deposing his cousin as well and proclaimed himself the ruler of Iraq. Rukn al-Dawla, however, vehemently protested this, claiming that the line of Mu'izz al-Dawla could not be removed from power. 'Adud al-Dawla's offer to his father to pay tribute for his possession of Iraq was rejected, and he reluctantly reinstated 'Izz al-Dawla and returned to Fars.
'Adud al-Dawla began to grow concerned that his father would deny him the succession as senior amir. Although he had never been explicitly designated as successor, it was assumed that as the eldest son that the position would be his upon Rukn al-Dawla's death. The fiasco in Iraq, however, cooled the relationship between the two. At this point, Abu'l-Fath attempted to reconcile them by arranging a meeting in Isfahan in January of 976. 
The meeting proved to be a success, at least for 'Adud al-Dawla. Rukn al-Dawla may have been pressured to give in to his son's demands; in any case he agreed to name 'Adud al-Dawla as his successor to the senior amirate. All he asked for in exchange was that Ray would go to his second son, Fakhr al-Dawla, while Hamadan would go to a third son, Mu'ayyad al-Dawla. Both sons would recognize 'Adud al-Dawla as senior amir. The issue of Iraq was not discussed.
Death and legacy.
Only a few months later, Rukn al-Dawla died. He was succeeded by his two younger sons in Ray and Hamadan, while 'Adud al-Dawla claimed the senior amirate. 'Izz al-Dawla, however, refused to recognize this, paving the way for conflict between the two sides.
Rukn al-Dawla's campaigns in central Iran were done almost entirely without the support of 'Imad al-Dawla. As a result of this, Rukn al-Dawla was in nearly all aspects independent of his brother. His coins bear only his name after that of the caliph's, and he was considered by contemporary sources to be an independent ruler. For the remainder of the Buyid presence in central Iran, the amirs there were either independent of the rest of the empire, or were the senior amirs that ruled the empire. 
The failure of 'Imad al-Dawla to extend his authority over the Buyids of central Iran was later to present problems for the Buyid state, as the descendants of both brothers each considered themselves to be the best candidate for the senior amirate. This led to multiple independent rulers, destroying the unity of the Buyid state and allowing for internal dissent.
In terms of a capital, Isfahan at first served Rukn al-Dawla's his city of choice, and continued to be a favorite even after Ray was captured and the court was moved there. His successors would continue to use Ray as the capital. Like the other Buyids, Rukn al-Dawla was a Shi'ite. While he recognized the authority of the caliph of his coins and allowed the caliph's name to be said in the Friday prayers, in all other aspects he ruled as a Shi'ite. On the other hand, he was no fanatic; he recognized that the Sunni citizens of his empire must be protected in order to prevent internal discord.

</doc>
<doc id="2837633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837633" title="Iftikhar Arif">
Iftikhar Arif

Iftikhar Hussain Arif () commonly known as Iftikhar Arif () (b. 21 March 1943 Lucknow) is an Urdu poet, scholar and littérateur from Pakistan. His style is romantic Urdu poetry. He has headed Academy Adbiyat (the Pakistan Academy of Letters) and Muqtadra Quami Zaban (the National Language Authority). He has been decorated with Hilal-e-Imtiaz, Sitara-e-Imtiaz and Presidential Pride of Performance, which are the highest literary awards given by the Government of Pakistan.
Works and achievements.
Iftikhar Arif is a poet of Urdu. Three of his collections, "Mehr-i-Doneem", "Harf-i-Baryab" and "Jahan-e-Maloom" have been published in many editions. 
Oxford University Press has published an anthology of Arif’s translated poetry under the title, "Written in the Season of Fear". The introduction was written by Harris Khalique, a poet in English, Urdu and Punjabi.
Theses written.
Postgraduate theses on Arif include:

</doc>
<doc id="2837636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837636" title="Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company">
Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company

Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company, located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, was a major shipbuilder for the Great Lakes. It was founded in 1902, and made mainly steel ferries and ore haulers. During World War II, it built submarines, tank landing craft (LCTs), and self-propelled fuel barges called "YOs". Employment peaked during the military years at 7000. The shipyard closed in 1968, though the company lives on as the modern day Manitowoc Company.
Submarine Building Program.
Shipyard President Charles C. West contacted the Bureau of Construction and Repair in 1939 to propose building destroyers at Manitowoc and transporting them through the Chicago River, Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, Illinois River, and Mississippi River in a floating drydock towed by the tugboat "Minnesota". After evaluating the plan and surveying the shipyard, the Navy suggested building submarines instead. A contract for ten submarines was awarded on 9 September 1940. The Navy paid for lift machinery on Chicago's Western Avenue railroad bridge to clear a submarine. The 15-foot draft submarines entered the floating drydock on the Illinois River to get through the 9-foot-deep Chain of Rocks Channel near the confluence of the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. Submarines left the drydock at New Orleans and reinstalled periscope shears, periscopes, and RADAR masts which had been removed to clear bridges over the river. 
Manitowoc had never built a submarine before, but the first was completed 228 days before the contract delivery date. Contracts were awarded for additional submarines, and the last submarine was completed by the date scheduled for the 10th submarine of the original contract. Total production of 28 submarines was completed for $5,190,681 less than the contract price.

</doc>
<doc id="2837637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837637" title="Stephen John Sutton">
Stephen John Sutton

Stephen John Sutton (born 1964) is an Australian man who was imprisoned in Argentina. He was arrested on 4 February 2003 after a joint operation by the Australian Federal Police and Argentine Police. He was charged with narcotics offences and was sentenced in 2005 to 11 years in jail for drug trafficking. He was released November 2008. He was featured in the 13 July 2011 episode of "Locked Up Abroad" (titled as "Banged Up Abroad" in the UK).
Sutton was last seen by his family in Sydney, Australia. At the time, he was living by himself and working in a Sydney factory. It is believed that he had met a Peruvian woman at his place of employment. He contacted his sister by mail, informed her that he had travelled to Peru with the woman, was living with the family and that the family was treating him well.
Sutton and his family members maintain his innocence, as he claims that he was asked to courier ""a quantity of gold"" from Peru to Argentina. He also claims that when arrested, he had no drugs in his possession. The Sutton family is campaigning for his early release and improved support from the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT), who they maintain have provided inadequate health care and legal advice to Sutton and insufficient information to the family. They have also criticized the Australian Government for not making attempts to have him returned to Australia, comparing his case to that of Schapelle Corby.

</doc>
<doc id="2837638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837638" title="Magicthegathering.com">
Magicthegathering.com

Magicthegathering.com is the official website of Wizards of the Coast to promote and offer information on their trading card game "". It was started in January 2002 to act as Wizards of the Coast's official mouthpiece for information on "Magic" and to act as a replacement for "The Duelist", a magazine covering "Magic" formerly published by Wizards of the Coast. The site was reworked in 2008 as a general introduction to "Magic", with the online magazine aspect moved to a "Daily MTG" section. The magazine was generally referred to as Magicthegathering.com before the redesign.
History.
The site was first started in 2002 with 5 columns, one for each day of the week. Mark Rosewater decided it would be best to bookend the week with the "behind the scenes" columns, and hence placed the Design column on Monday and the Development column on Friday. There was also one Featured Article per week, written by a variety of guest columnists. A Saturday column in Saturday School was added later. The site also became the main clearing house for more mundane and static information concerning "Magic", such as beginner guides, lists of cards in each set, and the formal rules of "Magic".
In February 2004, the Magicthegathering.com website was combined with columns from "The Sideboard" and the "Magic Online" site, which had previously been semi-independent. Some additional columns were added as well, increasing the number of articles per week from 6 to 11 (though some of the columns had merely moved). In 2007, the number of columns per week was reduced to 10 and then 9 with the discontinuation of a Saturday column and the "Magic Online"-based column.
The site is known for hiring popular writers from "Magic" fansites, and offered an avenue to employment with Wizards of the Coast.
On August 4, 2007, Scott Johns announced in the last Magic Academy article that sometime in 2008, the site would be redesigned to take "maximum advantage of what the web is capable of". This was complete in 2008, with the aspects aimed toward explaining and selling the game toward newcomers placed at the fore of the website. The magazine elements were moved to the "Daily MTG" tab.
Columns.
Magicthegathering.com currently publishes 10 articles per week; two daily columns on each weekday, with a Feature Article instead of a regular column on Monday. The Feature Article is written by a variety of authors picked by the editor. On an erratic schedule, information on recent tournaments is added to the tournament section, and information related to "" can appear on a subsite devoted to "Magic Online".
Gatherer.
Gatherer, launched on September 23, 2004, is an online database hosted at Magicthegathering.com that could be used to search for and sort data about the cards in "Magic". Prior to Gatherer, official resources for card data on the company's website were limited to text-only "Oracle" lists, sortable lists of the cards in individual sets, and a comprehensive collection of card images that could only be looked up individually by name. Gatherer was preceded by several unofficial databases and search utilities, which were created and run by independent enthusiasts.
Gatherer was created by Doug Beyer, a web developer for Wizards of the Coast. The graphics decorating its interface were created by artist Jen Page.
There is a new version of Gatherer in the works. Simply called "New Gatherer" at this time, it contains more open-ended search features and a more efficient interface. It is currently in beta, which it has been in since the 2008 site redesign.
Other features.
Four minor features fill out the Magicthegathering.com page that are updated each weekday. These are the Card of the Day, which features a selected "Magic" card along with a short anecdote to go with it; Magic Arcana, which shows artwork or other odd design stories; Ask Wizards, which is a mailbag in which various employees answer questions; and Ask the Pro, a mailbag column where a professional "Magic" player (currently Raphaël Lévy, preceded by Olivier Ruel) responds to questions.
The site also features a "Tournament Center", a subsite for live Grand Prix and coverage, a tournament schedule, player statistics, a "Judge Column" and other tournament-relevant information. This is the only part of the site that is updated more than once a day and on weekends (provided a tournament is taking place). Tournament coverage usually consists of a frequently updated blog, with Pro Tours and World Championships additionally featuring video and podcast coverage.
Wizards of the Coast also has a Twitter feed, dedicated to Pro Tour coverage. The last significant update of this was in early March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2837645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837645" title="Francisco Fadul">
Francisco Fadul

Francisco José Fadul (born 15 December 1953) is a Guinea-Bissau politician who was Prime Minister from 3 December 1998 to 19 February 2000. He led the United Social Democratic Party (PUSD), one of the country's main political parties, from 2002 to 2006.
Career.
Fadul was appointed as Prime Minister, at the head of a national unity government, on 3 December 1998. He had previously been political adviser to General Ansumane Mané, who led the rebellion against President João Bernardo Vieira in the Guinea-Bissau Civil War; Fadul also represented Mane's junta on the Executive Joint Commission, which was established following the Abuja Peace Accord in November 1998. Shortly after he was named Prime Minister, Fadul, in an interview with the Portuguese newspaper "Expresso", accused President Vieira of murder, beatings, defamation, and humiliating leading political figures, and he called for Vieira to be tried for these alleged crimes. He also described Vieira as a dictator, claimed that Vieira was one of the world's richest men and that Vieira's wealth nearly matched the sum of Guinea-Bissau's foreign debt, and said that Vieira was primarily responsible for the development of animosity in the country. Fadul furthermore called for the return from exile of Luís Cabral, who was deposed by Vieira in 1980. Fadul said on 23 December that the primary focus of his government would be to deal with problems related to the military and to independence war veterans.
Fadul and his unity government, including five ministers and three secretaries of state chosen by Vieira and four ministers and four secretaries of state chosen by Mané's junta, were sworn in on 20 February 1999 in the presence of Vieira and Mané. In April 1999, speaking at the first meeting of the National People's Assembly since the war, Fadul prioritized facilitating the return of refugees to their homes and said that elections would take place as planned in late 1999. He went on a tour of four European nations later in the month, seeking aid. He arrived first in Portugal on 19 April, and while there he characterized Vieira's secret police as being worse than the Portuguese secret police under Antonio de Oliveira Salazar. Vieira's spokesman, Cipriano Cassamá, condemned Fadul's remarks as "purposely offensive, aggressive language".
Following the election of Kumba Yala as President, Fadul was replaced as Prime Minister by Caetano Intchama in February 2000. Fadul subsequently accused Intchama of corruption, and in October 2000 Intchama announced that he planned to take legal action against Fadul due to these accusations.
He was elected as the President of the PUSD on 18 December 2002, at a party convention. 
In May 2005, Fadul was initially barred from running for president in the 2005 presidential election by the Supreme Court, due to a technicality. According to the Court, two people who were indicated as signing Fadul's nomination papers had not confirmed signing them. A PUSD spokesman expressed the view that Fadul had actually been excluded because his father was Lebanese. The Court reversed itself and approved Fadul's candidacy shortly afterward, including him in its final list of candidates on 18 May. Running as the PUSD presidential candidate, he placed fourth with 2.85% of the vote in the election, held on 19 June 2005.
In 2006, Fadul requested that Namuano Dias, a member of PUDS who was serving in the government as Minister of Justice, resign from the government because he had been accused of corruption. Dias and Prime Minister Aristides Gomes rejected this, however, and Fadul responded by resigning from the PUSD leadership and leaving politics; he also left his position as personal advisor to President Vieira. He returned to politics in the next year, establishing a new party, the Party for Democracy, Development and Citizenship (PADEC), in May 2007. He also challenged the leadership of PUSD in court and maintained that he was the party's legitimate president. On 19 July 2007, he demanded the resignation or dismissal of the government of Prime Minister Martinho Ndafa Cabi, the actions of which he strongly criticized, as well as the dissolution of the National People's Assembly, to be followed by a new election in March 2008. The government was based on a pact agreed upon by three parties—the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC), the Party of Social Renewal (PRS), and the PUSD—and Fadul said that the pact was illegitimate because two of the parties (the PUSD and PRS) had disputed leaderships. He also said that the government had not presented its program for approval by the National People's Assembly.
Later, as President of the Tribunal of Accounts, Fadul said on 20 May 2008 that he planned to sue Prime Minister Cabi for libel and slander, saying that Cabi had falsely accused him of pocketing money. He also said that he wanted Cabi to explain his claim that being President of the Tribunal was incompatible with being the leader of a political party. Some have accused Fadul of taking advantage of his post as President of the Tribunal by attacking Cabi and his government, while he has said that he is merely controlling state accounts and complained that some ministries were ignoring the Tribunal's injunctions.
After Fadul criticized the military and Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Junior at a press conference on 30 March 2009, he stated on 1 April 2009 that members of the security forces had come to his home during the night and beaten him up. According to Fadul, "they hurled abuse at me and beat me repeatedly and dragged me across the floor", and "they told me I talk too much and about things that are none of my business." Raddho, a human rights group, expressed concern, saying that the attack on Fadul, together with a similar attack on the lawyer Pedro Infanda, signified a "reign of terror".
Following the assassination of President Vieira, Fadul filed to run as the PADEC candidate in the June 2009 presidential election. On 14 May 2009, however, the Supreme Court announced that his candidacy had been rejected, along with seven others. Fadul's candidacy was rejected on the grounds that he was still President of the Tribunal of Accounts and a member of the Bar, which the Supreme Court judged to be legally incompatible with his presidential candidacy.

</doc>
<doc id="2837649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837649" title="Barrier Treaty">
Barrier Treaty

The "Barrier Treaties" were the names of three agreements signed and ratified during or immediately after the War of Spanish Succession. Collectively, these accords were part of the series of agreements known as the Treaty of Utrecht. The so-called "barrier" referred to several fortresses in the Austrian Netherlands that were intended to protect the Dutch Republic from aggression by the Kingdom of France. 
First.
The first Barrier Treaty (also known as the Treaty of Den Haag or the Treaty of The Hague) was signed on 29 October 1709 between Great Britain and the states-general of the United Provinces. By the terms of the treaty, the United Provinces engaged to guarantee the Protestant succession in England in favour of the House of Hanover, while Great Britain undertook to procure for the Dutch an adequate barrier on the side of the Netherlands, consisting of the towns of Veurne, Nieuwpoort, Ypres, Menen, Lille, Tournai, Condé, Valenciennes, Maubeuge, Charleroi, Namur, Halle, Damme, Dendermonde and the citadel of Ghent. The treaty was based on the same principle of securing Holland against French aggression that had inspired that of Treaty of Ryswick in 1698, by the terms of which the chief frontier fortresses of the Netherlands were to be garrisoned by Dutch troops.
Second.
The second Barrier Treaty was signed between Great Britain and the United Provinces on 29 January 1713, by which the strong places designed for the barrier were reduced to Veurne, Fort Knokke (also called fort de la Kenoque, or Le Henoque), Ypres, Menen, Tournai, Mons, Charleroi, Namur and the citadel of Ghent, and certain fortresses in the neighborhood of that city and of Bruges; Great Britain undertook to obtain the right for the Dutch to garrison them from the future sovereign of the Spanish Netherlands. Its terms were included in the Treaty of Rastatt, between the emperor and France, signed on 7 March 1714.
Third.
The third Barrier Treaty (also known as the Treaty of Antwerp) was signed on 15 November 1715. Based on the terms of the accord, Frederick William I of Prussia ceded to the United Provinces several cities in the upper regions of Guelders.
The result of the Barrier Treaty was that the Holy Roman emperor Charles VI did not have a lot to say about "his" Austrian Netherlands. This caused quite a lot of frustration with the Austrians, especially because the Dutch troops they had to allow were paid with money raised by the Austrian Netherlands themselves. This would last until empress Maria Theresa refused to pay for those troops any longer.

</doc>
<doc id="2837662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837662" title="Kamakura-gū">
Kamakura-gū

Prince Morinaga was Ashikaga Takauji's most dangerous political rival in Kyoto, so he was arrested with a pretext by him in 1334 and first kept prisoner there, then had him sent to Kamakura. Ashikaga's younger brother Tadayoshi held Morinaga captive for nine months in a small cave at the site of the present Kamakura-gū. When Tadayoshi was forced to retreat from Kamakura after losing a battle to Hōjō Tokiyuki, before leaving he gave the order for Morinaga's execution. The Prince was beheaded on July 23, 1335. The cave still exists today in the rockface behind the shrine, and is a tourist attraction. It is four meters deep and has an area of 12 square meters.

</doc>
<doc id="2837676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837676" title="Canada Southern Railway">
Canada Southern Railway

The Canada Southern Railway , also known as CSR, was a railway in southwestern Ontario, Canada, founded on February 28, 1868 as the Erie and Niagara Extension Railway. It adopted the Canada Southern Railway name on December 24, 1869. The railway was leased to the Michigan Central Railroad (MCR) for 99 years; in 1929 it was subleased to the New York Central Railroad (NYC) for 999 years. Its successors Penn Central (formed 1968) and Conrail (formed 1976) later exercised control.
Corporate History.
The corporate history of the Canada Southern Railway Company is complex. In 1874, CSR declared bankruptcy and within two years was taken over by the railroad magnate, Cornelius Vanderbilt, who owned the New York Central (NYC) as well as other railroads. When Cornelius died in 1877, his son, William, became head of the Vanderbilt railroad empire. The younger Vanderbilt took steps to separate the various railroad properties he controlled. On 1 January, 1883, NYC was able to lease the CSR to the another Vanderbilt railroad company, the Michigan Central Railroad (MCR), on a 21 year renewable term. William Vanderbilt, who owned all three companies, ensured that each one operated independently, through its own autonomous president and board of directors. In 1929, MCR subleased CSR to NYC, its parent company.
Corporate Headquarters.
CSR's headquarters were located in St Thomas, Ontario. The site was chosen for more than one reason. St Thomas was roughly equal-distance between Windsor and Fort Erie, Ontario. Also, the city offered a $25,000 bonus to the railroad company as an incentive to build within city limits. CSR's main building, the Canada Southern Railway Station, included a passenger station and dining room on the ground floor with the railway's head offices on the upper floor. The extremely long, narrow building was based on the Italianate-style of architecture and is the only known train station in Canada to embody this style. The station was the design of Canadian architect Edgar Berryman (1839-1905.).
A large car shop, located in the yard, facilitated the manufacture of cars and allowed repairs to be made to locomotives. Locomotives were also manufactured in the car shop, beginning in 1882.
Later Years.
On April 30, 1985, the Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway jointly purchased the former CASO from Conrail in order to acquire the Michigan Central Railway Tunnel under the Detroit River and the Michigan Central Railway Bridge at Niagara Falls.
Much of the CASO has been downgraded, abandoned or removed by CN and CP over the years. Operations through Niagara Falls (and over the MCRR bridge) were discontinued with that portion of the line through the city removed in 2001. Unlike the rest of the line however, the Detroit River tunnel is a key part of freight movements across the Canada-US border and still sees a good number of mainline trains. 
The CASO rarely operated its own rolling stock after acquisition, and its reporting mark was abolished in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="2837685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837685" title="Hypervigilance">
Hypervigilance

Hypervigilance is an enhanced state of sensory sensitivity accompanied by an exaggerated intensity of behaviors whose purpose is to detect threats. Hypervigilance is also accompanied by a state of increased anxiety which can cause exhaustion. Other symptoms include: abnormally increased arousal, a high responsiveness to stimuli, and a constant scanning of the environment for threats.
In hypervigilance, there is a perpetual scanning of the environment to search for sights, sounds, people, behaviors, smells, or anything else that is reminiscent of threat or trauma. The individual is placed on high alert in order to be certain danger is not near. Hypervigilance can lead to a variety of obsessive behavior patterns, as well as producing difficulties with social interaction and relationships.
Hypervigilance can be a symptom of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and various types of anxiety disorder. It is distinguished from paranoia. Paranoid states, such as those in schizophrenia, can seem superficially similar, but are characteristically different.
Hypervigilance is differentiated from dysphoric hyperarousal in that the person remains cogent and aware of his or her surroundings. In dysphoric hyperarousal, the PTSD victim may lose contact with reality and re-experience the traumatic event verbatim. Where there have been multiple traumas, a person may become hypervigilant and suffer severe anxiety attacks intense enough to induce a delusional state where the effect of the traumas overlap: e.g., one remembered firefight may seem too much like another for the person to maintain calm. This can result in the thousand-yard stare.
Symptoms.
People suffering from hypervigilance may become preoccupied with studying their environment for possible threats, causing them to lose connections with their family and friends. They will 'overreact' to loud and unexpected noises or become agitated in highly crowded or noisy environments. They will often have a difficult time getting to sleep or staying asleep.

</doc>
<doc id="2837697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837697" title="Córas na Poblachta">
Córas na Poblachta

Córas na Poblachta ( – ) was a minor Irish republican political party founded in 1940.
Origins.
The idea for a new party was discussed at a meeting in Dublin on 21 February 1940 attended by 104 former officers of the pro- and anti-Treaty wings of the Irish Republican Army. The inaugural meeting of the new party took place on 2 March 1940. Simon Donnelly, who had fought in Boland's Mill under Éamon de Valera in 1916, the former leader of the Dublin section of the IRA, and former chief of the Irish Republican Police, was elected as president of a central committee of fifteen members. Other leaders were Seán Fitzpatrick, another Irish War of Independence veteran; Con Lehane, who had lately left the IRA; Séamus Gibbons; Tom O'Rourke; Seán Dowling, one of Rory O'Connor's principal lieutenants in the Irish Civil War; Colonel Roger McCorley, one of the principal IRA leaders in Belfast during the War of Independence who had taken the Irish Free State side in the Civil War; Frank Thornton, one of Michael Collins' top intelligence officers; Roger McHugh, a lecturer in English at University College Dublin and later professor; Captain Martin Bell and Peter O'Connor. Also in attendance at the first meeting was Seamus O'Donovan, Director of Chemicals on IRA Headquarters Staff in 1921 and architect of the IRA Sabotage Campaign in England by the IRA in 1939–40. Indeed, O'Donovan proposed several of the basic resolutions.
Aims.
The main aim of Córas na Poblachta was the formal declaration of a Republic. It also demanded that the Irish language be given greater prominence in street names, shop signs, and government documents and bank notes. It proposed to introduce national service in order that (male) citizens understood their responsibilities. The party’s economic policy was the statutory right to employment and a living wage. It proposed breaking the link with the British pound, the nationalisation of banks and the making of bank officials into civil servants. In the area of education, the party espoused free education for all children over primary age as a right, and university education when feasible. It also called for the introduction of children’s allowances.
Support.
The party was not successful and failed to take a seat in a by-election held shortly after the party’s foundation. The party slowly fell apart, and Tim Pat Coogan notes that: “Dissolution occurred because people tended to discuss the party rather than join it.” Importantly, the party was not supported by the hardcore of republican legitimatists, such as Brian O'Higgins, who viewed the IRA Army Council as the legitimate government of an existing Irish Republic. Indeed in March 1940, O'Higgins published a pamphlet entitled "Declare the Republic" lambasting the new party.
1943 General Election.
Coras fielded candidates in the 1943 General Election, none getting elected and receiving a total of 3892 votes between them.
Legacy.
Although a failure, Tim Pat Coogan argues Córas was the “nucleus” of the Clann na Poblachta party which emerged and help take power from Fianna Fáil in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="2837699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837699" title="Chen Chun">
Chen Chun

Chén Chún (陳淳; 1483-1544) was born into a wealthy family of scholar-officials in Suzhou. He learned calligraphy from Wen Zhengming. He later broke with Wen to favor a more free-style method of "ink and wash" paintings. He was associated with the Wu school of literary painting. Mi Fu of the Song Dynasty had a strong influence on his work. He did many landscapes, but to a degree is noted as a "flower and bird" painter.

</doc>
<doc id="2837709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837709" title="Meiwa Corp.">
Meiwa Corp.

Meiwa Corporation (明和産業株式会社; "Meiwa Sangyō Kabushiki Gaisha") is a Japanese trading company in Tokyo, related to Mitsubishi group.
The company was established in 1947, by members from chemicals and some other departments of former Mitsubishi Corporation, that was liquidated under order of General Headquarters of the Allied Forces after World War II.
After merging Sansho Co., Ltd. in 1959 and listing in friendship trading company with China in 1962, the company developed into an all-round trading company with business mainly with socialist countries. It was later listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 1973, and on the First Section in 1975.
Owing to social changes such as normalization of diplomatic relations between Japan and China, the company narrowed down the focus of business lines and trading partner countries. It now has 8 liaison offices and companies in China, with liaison offices in Vietnam and Cuba. Main lines of trading have specialized to chemicals, plastics, building materials, fuel and foodstuffs. There are some related companies in chemicals, plastics and building materials, too.
The capital is 4,024 million Yen, the president is Fukujiro Yamabe. The main stockholders are Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation, Asahi Glass Co., Ltd..
Company motto : Bright and Friendly

</doc>
<doc id="2837712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837712" title="Bârlad River">
Bârlad River

The Bârlad is a river in eastern Romania, a tributary of the Siret River. Its total length is . Its source is in the low hills between the Siret and Prut rivers, southwest of Iaşi. It flows generally south, through the cities of Negreşti, Vaslui, Bârlad and Tecuci. The Bârlad river flows through the Romanian counties of Neamţ, Vaslui and Galaţi. It flows into the Siret at Lieşti.
Tributaries.
The following rivers are tributaries to the river Bârlad:
Left: Bozieni, Fundătura, Gârboveta, Hausei, Găureni, Sacovăţ, Velna, Durduc, Rebricea, Vasluieţ, Crasna, Albeşti, Idriciu, Zorleni, Trestiana, Jeravăţ, Hobana, Bârzota, Gârbovăţ, Corozel
Right: Băbuşa, Buda, Stemnic, Racova, Ghilănoiu, Chiţcani, Pârveşti, Horoiata, Simila, Valea Seacă, Tutova, Pereschiv, Bălăneasa, Lupul, Berheci, Blăneasa, Prisaca, Tecucel

</doc>
<doc id="2837716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837716" title="Fretting">
Fretting

Fretting refers to wear and sometimes corrosion damage at the asperities of contact surfaces. This damage is induced under load and in the presence of repeated relative surface motion, as induced for example by vibration. The ASM Handbook on Fatigue and Fracture defines fretting as: ""A special wear process that occurs at the contact area between two materials under load and subject to minute relative motion by vibration or some other force.""
The amplitude of the relative sliding motion is often in the order from micrometers to millimeters, but can be as low as 3 to 4 nanometers.
The contact movement causes mechanical wear and material transfer at the surface, often followed by oxidation of both the metallic debris and the freshly exposed metallic surfaces. Because the oxidized debris is usually much harder than the surfaces from which it came, it often acts as an abrasive agent that increases the rate of both fretting and a mechanical wear called false brinelling.
Steel.
Fretting damage in steel can be identified by the presence of a pitted surface and fine 'red' iron oxide dust reminiscent of cocoa powder. Strictly this debris is not 'rust' as its production requires no water. The particles are much harder than the steel surfaces in contact, so abrasive wear is inevitable; however, particulates are not required to initiate fret.
Products affected.
Fretting examples include wear of drive splines on driveshafts, wheels at the lug bolt interface, and cylinder head gaskets subject to differentials in thermal expansion coefficients.
There is a current focus on fretting research in the aerospace industry. The dovetail blade-root connection and the spline coupling of gas turbine aero engines experience fretting.
Fretting fatigue.
Fretting decreases fatigue strength of materials operating under cycling stress. This can result in "fretting fatigue", whereby fatigue cracks can initiate in the fretting zone. Afterwards, the crack propagates into the material. Lap joints, common on airframe surfaces, are a prime location for fretting corrosion. This is also known as frettage or fretting corrosion.
Mitigation.
The fundamental way to prevent fretting is to design for no relative motion of the surfaces at the contact. Surface finish plays an important role as fretting normally occurs by the contact of the asperities of the mating surfaces. Lubricants are often employed to mitigate fretting because they reduce friction and inhibit oxidation.
Soft materials often exhibit higher susceptibility to fretting than hard materials of a similar type. The hardness ratio of the two sliding materials also has an effect on fretting wear. However, softer materials such as polymers can show the opposite effect when they capture hard debris which becomes embedded in their bearing surfaces. They then act as a very effective abrasive agent, wearing down the harder metal with which they are in contact.

</doc>
<doc id="2837718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837718" title="Phantom shiner">
Phantom shiner

The phantom shiner ("Notropis orca") was a species of fish. It was once endemic to the Rio Grande basin and ranged from central New Mexico to southernmost Texas and adjacent Tamaulipas. Once found in the warm water reaches of the Rio Grande (though never particularly abundant), no specimens have been collected in this range since 1949, and it is believed to be extinct in this area.
The native range of the phantom shiner was the Rio Grande from Espanola downstream to Brownsville, Texas. In New Mexico, it was documented only in the reach from Espanola to Socorro.
Specimens of the phantom shiner have been collected only irregularly (three times in 1939) in a 60 km reach of the middle Rio Grande between Isleta and Bernardo. A single specimen was taken from the Rio Grande in Big Bend National Park in 1953 representing the only known example of the species in the river between El Paso and the mouth of the Pecos River. In 1959 Trevino-Robinson reported the phantom shiner as abundant in the lower Rio Grande in Texas, downstream from the Pecos River confluence. The last known specimen was recorded in Mexico in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2837719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837719" title="Nastic movements">
Nastic movements

Nastic movements are non-directional responses to stimuli (e.g. temperature, humidity, light irradiance), and are usually associated with plants. The movement can be due to changes in turgor or changes in growth (therefore k+ ion concentration usually controls such movement is plants). Nastic movements differ from tropic movements in that the direction of tropic responses depends on the direction of the stimulus, whereas the direction of nastic movements is independent of the stimulus's position. The rate or frequency of these responses increases as intensity of the stimulus increases. An example of such a response is the opening and closing of flowers (photonastic response). They are named with the suffix "-nasty" and have prefixes that depend on the stimuli:
The suffix may come from Greek νάσσω = "I press", ναστός = "pressed", ἐπιναστια = "the condition of being pressed upon".
See also.
For other types of movement, see:

</doc>
<doc id="2837720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837720" title="Northern redbelly dace">
Northern redbelly dace

The northern redbelly dace, "Chrosomus eos" or "Phoxinus eos", is a freshwater cyprinid fish, generally found in lakes and small streams in the northeastern United States and eastern Canada. It is one of fouty-four species from the minnow and carp family of Cyprinidae in these areas.
Range and distribution.
The Northern Redbelly Dace ranges from Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island westward curving in a narrow band through southern Canada, as well as, the northern and north-central United States. This encompasses Pennsylvania to Michigan, Wisconsin, and north through Minnesota to the Peace-Mackenzie drainage in British Columbia as well as the Northwest Territories.
In the United States the Northern Redbelly Dace can be found in Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, North and South Dakota, Nebraska, and Colorado.
Physical description.
The Northern Redbelly Dace is a minnow about 55 mm long with two dusky, longitudinal stripes along its sides under an iridescent silver back. The top stripe often becomes broken into dots behind the dorsal fin. Small, almost invisible scales cover its body. The lower sides of its body are white, yellow, or silver. However during the breeding season, this area becomes brilliant red on the males. The females likewise exhibit a colorful, green ventral stripe. Helpful identifying characteristics are its long coiling intestines and the black peritoneum (lining of the body cavity). Its lateral line is incomplete and consists of 70 to 90 lateral line scales.
The Northern Redbelly Dace has thing flexible rays called "soft-rays". It possesses a pair of pectoral fins, pelvic fins in the ventral and abdominal positions, which all are white, yellow, or silver. No adipose fin can be found after the dorsal fin on its back. The caudal fin or tail fin is notched and homocercal. This means that the tail has two lobes that are symmetrical.
Habitat.
The Northern redbelly dace can be found in cool, quiet, boggy streams and lakes. The typical habitat conditions of small streams where the dace lives include: water supplied by clear, cool springs or seeps, absence of strong currents, effective cover like undercut banks and heavy brushy vegetation, and minimal large piscivorous fish populations. Small lake habitats also share these characteristics. Typically the lakes are clear and spring-fed with heavy vegetation (at least by shore) and few predatory fishes.
However in states where it is vulnerable or endangered, it can only be found in extreme head waters of clear streams and spring-fed seepage pools. These locations provide a cold water habitat much like the conditions 1,000 years ago with glaciers to the north. Human activities have led to the reduction of cold-water streams and seepage, which reduces the suitable habitat for this Northern specie.
Diet habits.
The Northern Redbelly Dace feeds mainly on filamentous algae and diatoms, but also zooplankton and aquatic insect larvae. Their predators consist of other fish, kingfishers and water fowl especially mergansers. In small lakes where no piscivores live the Northern Redbelly Dace fills the niche of a planktivore. However in larger lakes, it is restricted to the vegetation mats by shore where it must compete with other minnows for food.
Importance to humans.
The Northern Redbelly Dace has no direct economic value to humans. However, as a minnow it is a primary consumer that feeds on algae. It also provides food to predators, particularly large fish and water fowl, which are game for fishers and hunters.
Conservation status.
Throughout Canada, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and the New England States, Northern Redbelly Dace populations are considered stable. However in areas such as Nebraska, Colorado, and South Dakota they are vulnerable following the retreat of the Wisconsin Ice Sheet.
Unfortunately, the Northern Redbelly Dace is Endangered in several states, one of which is Massachusetts. The reasons for its decline are unknown, but possible threats include erosion and sedimentation, along with flow alterations.
Reproduction and life cycle.
The Northern Redbelly Dace reaches sexual maturity by its second or third summer and may live up to eight years. Spawning begins in the spring around May and continues into early August. Adult fish can spawn multiple times during the season. Nonadhesive eggs are laid in filamentous algae and hatch eight to ten days later at a water temperature of 21-27°C.
Trivia.
The bold and distinctive markings of the Northern Redbelly Dace during the breeding season, make it easy to recognize. In fact, this dace is considered among the most attractive native minnow.
Etymology of the name.
The word "dace" originated in the early fifteenth century from the Old French word "darz", which means to dart. This fish was so called for its movements. Another theory traces it to the Medieval Latin word "darsus" also meaning to dart, said to be of Gaulish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2837722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837722" title="Mount Bassie">
Mount Bassie

Mount Bassie is a large mountain in the center of Baranof Island, Alaska, United States, within the City and Borough of Sitka.
Mount Bassie is a massive hulk of rock, its footprint covering nearly five square miles. It is bordered by the Blue Lake and Medvejie Lake watersheds and the Baranof River watershed, effectively splitting the island in two (one can see both Chatham Strait and the Pacific Ocean from the peak and its surrounding ridges). Mount Bassie is adjacent to Camp Lake, from which ascents typically originate. It is fairly isolated in terms of sister peaks and has only two modest lower ridges running off the south and north sides of the mountain. The rest of the mountain slopes down steeply into surrounding river valleys. Mount Bassie is rarely summitted, although the western face is frequently traversed on the Baranof Cross-Island Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="2837729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837729" title="Cooper, Texas (disambiguation)">
Cooper, Texas (disambiguation)

Cooper, Texas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837731" title="Rainbow darter">
Rainbow darter

The rainbow darter (Etheostoma caeruleum) is a native North American fish that can be found in small, fast-moving streams and small to medium-sized rivers. It grows to to in length.
The species is very sensitive to pollution and silt, staying in clean, pollution-free water.
The rainbow darter is easily identified by three dark spots on the back, and blue and orange in the dorsal and anal fins. It is a small perch-like fish found in freshwater streams in North America.
Life.
The rainbow darter spawns in clean, rocky riffles from March through June. It has a lifespan of about four years. The males can grow up to 48 mm long, while the largest female reaches just under 43 mm. The male form is resplendent in bright oranges and iridescent blue spots, stripes, and checks.
The record largest rainbow darter, caught in the summer of 2010 just outside of Barrie, Ontario, measured 80 mm in length. It was released.
Distribution.
The rainbow darter, "Etheostoma caeruleum", is a small, benthic freshwater fish. It can be found in many creeks and small to medium-sized rivers throughout North America. In particular, "E. caeruleum" is common throughout the eastern United States, specifically throughout the Great Lakes and Ohio River Valley regions. Its distribution extends south to northern parts of Alabama and as far west as Missouri and Arkansas. This distribution has been suggested to be due to once existing glaciers and to its intolerance of brackish water. One study to examine the phylogeography of "E. caeruleum" and its colonization patterns found its distribution is greatly due to historic glaciations, and furthermore, due to distributions from drainages which have since then resulted in the current morphological diversity of the rainbow darter. Geographically, the rainbow darter is one of the most abundant and common darter species.
Ecology.
The rainbow darter is classified as insectivorous, feeding on small invertebrates such as insects and crayfish, but it has also been known to feed on some fish larvae. In Four-Mile Creek in Ohio, the rainbow darter lives primarily on trichopterans (i.e. caddisflies), having two feeding peaks: one in the morning and a second in the late afternoon or early evening.
The primary predators of the rainbow darter are larger freshwater fish, such as burbots ("Lota lota"), stonecats ("Noturus flavus"), and smallmouth bass ("Micropterus dolomieu").Like many other darter species, it has the ability to maintain position on the substrate in flowing water. This unique characteristic plays a key role in its microhabitat preference. "E. caeruleum" has been shown to prefer creeks and rivers with rocky substrates and swift-moving riffles. This microhabitat preference has been suggested to be due to oxygen levels in the water during season changes or other factors, such as feeding or shelter-related habitat preferences. Because "E. caeruleum" has such a low tolerance for brackish water, human-induced changes such as pollution or sewer drainage has the potential to cause a significant negative impact on its abundance.
Life history.
Darters have a wide range of life histories, but size correlates with most life history characteristics. For example, larger darters grow faster, live longer, produce bigger clutches, and have longer reproductive spans. Mate selection by female darters is assumed to be common. When examining the rainbow darter, life history traits were: average size 45 mm, growth 32 mm, maximum age four years, and clutch size 82. "E. caeruleum" mates during the spring, typically when water temperature is between 17 and 18°C, and they will leave their normal microhabitat in the rapids to congregate on pebbles, where the stream leaves a pool, to mate. Once mates are selected, the fish mate repeatedly for several days until the female lays about 800 eggs. This darter also displays group spawning, and the males tend to exhibit territorial behavior during the breeding season.
Current management.
Currently, the largest threat to "E. caeruleum" is run-off and pollution due to urbanization. One study found the development of an interstate highway negatively affected the abundance of several fish species, including "E. caeruleum", because of decreasing quality of water of the nearby creek. Currently, management plans consist of reducing nutrient, pesticide, and sediment loadings within such streams. This same study suggests conservation practices should be a combination of both physical habitat monitoring and water chemistry monitoring, because it would benefit fish communities within headwater streams more than just implementing one conservation practice or the other. Although broad management plans are in place for many rivers and streams and their fish communities as a whole, no current management plans in place are specifically designed for "E. caeruleum".

</doc>
<doc id="2837743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837743" title="Ioannis Varvakis">
Ioannis Varvakis

Ioannis Varvakis (1745–1825), also known as Ivan Andreevich Varvatsi (; ), was a distinguished member of the Russian and Greek communities, national hero, member of the Filiki Eteria and benefactor of the places where he lived.
Origins, early life.
Ioannis was born on the Greek island of Psara, son to Andreas Leontidis and Maria Moros. His mother later cloistered herself in a monastery on the island of Khios, where she died during the Chios Massacre in 1822. His real name was Ioannis Leontides (Ιωάννης Λεοντίδης); "Varvakis" was the nickname that he received during his childhood due to his imposing eyes, which were similar to the eyes of a bird of prey which lives on the island of Psara and is known as "varvaki" (βαρβάκι, "Eleonora's Falcon").
Hero of the war for independence.
Varvakis was a Greek Orthodox Christian who became a skilful sailor at the age of 17 and built a ship, the "St. Andrew", which he later offered (with his crew) to the Russian forces during the Russo-Turkish War, 1768-1774. He spent his entire fortune to equip the ship and to arm it with cannons and showed extraordinary courage during the Battle of Chesma () in July 1770. His xebec was transformed into a fire ship, packed with combustibles, set on fire and steered into a large Turkish ship. But the war did not give independence to Greece, as the Ottoman sultan signed peace by the Treaty of Kuçuk Kainarji in 1774, which granted Russia the northern part of the Black Sea. On the other hand, this war created a mass exodus of Greeks to Russia.
At service of Catherine the Great.
Without any money in his pocket, Ioannis Varvakis decided to seek an audience with Catherine II of Russia ("Catherine the Great"). He went to Saint Petersburg, where he met with Grigori Alexandrovich Potemkin, Russian general-field marshal, statesman, and favorite of Catherine II the Great, who arranged the audience with the Empress of Russia. Catherine II the Great was particularly generous giving Varvakis 1,000 golden roubles as a gift and an authorisation for unlimited and duty-free fishery in the Caspian Sea and the right to choose a place to settle in Russia. He also received an official patent signed by Catherine the Great, proving that Ivan Andreevich Varvatsi (his new Russian name) was named first lieutenant of the Russian Navy on October 21, 1772.
Varvakis in Astrakhan.
From Saint Petersburg, he left for Astrakhan to develop a fishery, though he had no experience. In the northern Caspian Sea his fishery enterprise made him a millionaire. The boats of Varvakis caught sturgeon, white salmon and other valuable fish. Knowing the passion of Greeks for caviar, he tried to arrange exporting caviar to Europe. He invented a solution to preserve the freshness of the caviar eggs while being transported by ship. He produced timber boxes, which did not cause alterations in the precious eggs, were absolutely waterproof and thus were maintained in very good condition. Until then the caviar had been preserved in caves. Varvakis shipped caviar from Astrakhan to Greece by camel or by boat through the Volga river. In 1788, the business of Varvakis employed more than 3,000 workers.
In 1810-1817, Ioannis Varvakis financed the delayed construction of the channel linking river Volga to its arm Kutum. The channel, which was initially built as "Astrakhansky" was renamed by the decree of December 31, 1817 as "Varvatsievski". After Russian revolution, it was renamed to "The May 1st Channel".
Varvakis in Taganrog.
In 1810, Varvakis was granted the title of hereditary nobleman with a family coat of arms by Alexander I of Russia, who also made him Court Counsel and decorated with a diamond Order of St. Anne awarded for exceptional services and the Order of St. Vladimir.
In 1812, he moved to the city of Taganrog, populated by Greek colonists who, like the Greeks of classical times, took refuge from poverty or tyranny in townships around the northern Black Sea and the Sea of Azov. In 1813, Ivan Varvatsi spent 600,000 rubles for construction of Greek Jerusalem Monastery () in Taganrog. When Alexander I died in Taganrog in 1825, the funeral service for the Russian Tsar was chanted in this monastery.
Varvatsi's mansion in Taganrog suffered extensive damaged during Siege of Taganrog in Crimean War. The walls were filled with cannonballs and rifle bullets, and were left as is. The building was nicknamed "house with bullets"(дом с пулями).
Return to Greece.
Ioannis Varvakis actively assisted the Greeks during the Greek Revolution, especially his home island of Psara. After the destruction of the island by the Turkish Fleet, he returned to Greece himself in 1824 to aid the refugees, and died on Zakynthos on January 10, 1825. Varvakis desired to promote education for the new Greek state, and in his will he left 1 million rubles for the building of a high school, which was named Varvakeio (Βαρβάκειον Λύκειον) in his honor. Varvakis also financed the building of Athens' closed market, the "Varvakeios Agora".
Descendants.
The descendance of Varvakis' noble name was continued through the female line. His first daughter, Maria Varvakis who was born in 1770, married Greek merchant Nikolay Ivanovich Komnino. Since he had no sons, and willing to honor the name for the future generations, Ioannis Varvakis addressed to his patron, Catherine the Great, a request to permit his daughter Maria have a Double-barrelled name, that is the family name of Varvakis, her father, and that of her husband, Komnino. Catherine II granted his appeal, creating the noble family of Komnino-Varvatsi (Комнино-Варваци). All sons of Maria and Nikolay Komnino-Varvatsi (Ivan, Yegor, Mark, Kozma and Andrey) were granted noble titles by the Yekaterinoslav Government decree of April 25, 1821, paying tribute to achievements and contributions made by their grandfather, Ioannis Varvakis. Their descendants were later married into other Greek-Russian families, including the Sarandinaki family at Taganrog.
The graves of Maria and Nadezhda Komnino-Varvatsi are located at the Taganrog Old Cemetery near The All-Saints Church in Taganrog.
Legacy.
In 19th century, one of the streets in Taganrog was named after Varvatsi (Варвациевский переулок). In 1920s it was renamed after poet Mikhail Lermontov.
In 2012 a monument dedicated to Varvakis was inaugurated in the city of Astrakhan.
Director Yannis Smaragdis directed a film ("God Loves Caviar") dedicated to the life of Ioannis Varvakis and his invention for transportation of caviar eggs. German actor Sebastian Koch portrayed Ioannis Varvakis. The film, a co-production of Greece, Russia, and Spain was released in 2012. The film, however, contains significant historical inaccuracies, such as showing Emperor Paul I ruling at the time of Greek revolution in 1821. (In reality, he had been assassinated 20 years before these events).

</doc>
<doc id="2837751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837751" title="Hermann Friedrich Graebe">
Hermann Friedrich Graebe

Herman Friedrich Graebe or Gräbe, (June 19, 1900 – April 17, 1986) was a German manager and engineer in charge of a German building firm in Ukraine, who witnessed mass executions of the Jews of Dubno on October 5, 1942 by Nazis. Following the war he wrote a famous and horrifying testimony. 
Graebe gave the following eyewitness account:
My foreman and I went directly to the pits. Nobody bothered us. Now I heard rifle shots in quick succession from behind one of the earth mounds. The people who had got off the trucks - men, women and children of all ages - had to undress upon the order of an SS man who carried a riding or dog whip. They had to put down their clothes in fixed places, sorted according to shoes, top clothing and undergarments. I saw heaps of shoes of about 800 to 1000 pairs, great piles of under-linen and clothing. Without screaming or weeping these people undressed, stood around in family groups, kissed each other, said farewells, and waited for a sign from another SS man, who stood near the pit, also with a whip in his hand. During the fifteen minutes I stood near, I heard no complaint or plea for mercy. I watched a family of about eight persons, a man and a woman both of about fifty, with their children of about twenty to twenty-four, and two grown-up daughters about twenty-eight or twenty-nine. An old woman with snow white hair was holding a one year old child in her arms and singing to it and tickling it. The child was cooing with delight. The parents were looking on with tears in their eyes. The father was holding the hand of a boy about ten years old and speaking to him softly; the boy was fighting his tears. The father pointed to the sky, stroked his head and seemed to explain something to him. At that moment the SS man at the pit started shouting something to his comrade. The latter counted off about twenty persons and instructed them to go behind the earth mound. Among them was the family I have just mentioned. I well remember a girl, slim with black hair, who, as she passed me, pointed to herself and said, "twenty-three years old." I walked around the mound and found myself confronted by a tremendous grave. People were closely wedged together and lying on top of each other so that only their heads were visible. Nearly all had blood running over their shoulders from their heads. Some of the people shot were still moving. Some were lifting their arms and turning their heads to show that they were still alive. The pit was nearly two-thirds full. I estimated that it already contained about a thousand people. I looked for the man who did the shooting. He was an SS man, who sat at the edge of the narrow end of the pit, his feet dangling into the pit. He had a tommy-gun on his knees and was smoking a cigarette. The people, completely naked, went down some steps which were cut in the clay wall of the pit and clambered over the heads of the people lying there to the place to which the SS man directed them. They lay down in front of the dead or wounded people; some caressed those who were still alive and spoke to them in a low voice. Then I heard a series of shots. I looked into the pit and saw that the bodies were twitching or the heads lying already motionless on top of the bodies that lay beneath them. Blood was running from their necks. The next batch was approaching already. They went down into the pit, lined themselves up against the previous victims and were shot.
He later provided vital testimony in the Einsatzgruppen Trial, one of the Subsequent Nuremberg Trials, invoking bitter persecution from many of his countrymen. To escape the hostility, Graebe moved his family to San Francisco in 1948, where he lived until his death in 1986. Hermann Graebe was honoured as a 'Righteous Among the Nations' by the Israelis. Another witness of the mass executions of October 1942 in Dubno was the German officer Axel von dem Bussche, who traumatised by what he had seen in 1943 joined the German resistance around Claus von Stauffenberg and unsuccessfully tried to kill Adolf Hitler in a suicide attack in November 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2837767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837767" title="St James's Hotel and Club">
St James's Hotel and Club

The St James's Hotel and Club is an internationaly famous and luxurious five star hotel at 7-8, Park Place, St. James's, London SW1A 1LP. The hotel is part of the Lahore based Nishat Group which is owned by Pakistani billionaire Mian Mohammad Mansha.
The hotel has fifty-six rooms and twelve suites, many of which have their own terraces, plus a penthouse with a party deck for sixty people.
History.
A club known as the Field Club was at 7, Park Place, in 1889. On 13 May 1889, the police raided the club and found baccarat in progress. Twenty-one persons were arrested, "among whom were three English and several French and Belgian noblemen..." Among those arrested were the Earl of Dudley (later Governor-General of Australia), William Brownlow, 3rd Baron Lurgan, son of Charles Brownlow, 2nd Baron Lurgan, 'Lord Paulet' (probably a son of the 15th Marquess of Winchester) and Baron Ferraro. The current hotel says at its website that it "first opened its doors, as a gentlemen's chamber for the English aristocracy, in 1892." At that time the original St James's Club was elsewhere, and in fact the buildings at 7-8, Park Place, were erected as blocks of flats in 1891-92. They were originally planned with forty-four sets of residential chambers, plus service rooms. The sporting Sir John Dugdale Astley, 3rd Baronet, died in his chambers at 7, Park Place, 10 October 1894. By 1960, the flats were being called "Old St James's House", a name apparently without historical support. In the spring of 2008, following extensive renovation, the building was reopened as 'The St James's Hotel and Club'. Within the hotel is the renovated and repurposed space St James's Club founded by Peter de Savary, who marketed it to resonate with the panache associated with the historic St James's Club originally founded in 1857 by Earl Granville and the Marchese d'Azeglio. The team of the St James’s Hotel and Club received the Olympic torch on the day before the opening of the Games. On 5th Nov 2010 Pakistani Nishat Group bought the hotel for 60 million pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="2837778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837778" title="Henry Neville (died 1615)">
Henry Neville (died 1615)

Sir Henry Neville (1564 – 10 July 1615) was an English courtier, politician and diplomat, noted for his role as ambassador to France and his unsuccessful attempts to negotiate between James I of England and the Houses of Parliament. In 2005 Neville was put forward as a candidate for the authorship of Shakespeare's works.
Family.
Neville was the elder son of Sir Henry Neville (d. 1593) and his second wife, Elizabeth Gresham (d. 6 November 1573), granddaughter of Sir Richard Gresham, Lord Mayor of London, and only daughter and heir of the latter's elder son, John Gresham (d.1560), by Frances Thwaytes, the daughter and coheir of Sir Henry Thwaytes of Lund, Yorkshire.
Neville's father had earlier married, between 1551 and 1555, Winifred Losse (d. in or before 1561), daughter of a property speculator, Hugh Losse (d.1555) of Whitchurch, London, by whom he had no issue.
After the death of his second wife, Neville's father married thirdly, about May 1578, Elizabeth Bacon (c.1541 – 3 May 1621), widow of Sir Robert Doyley (d. between 21 and 29 July 1577) of Chislehampton, Oxfordshire, and Greenlands in Hambleden, Buckinghamshire. Elizabeth Bacon was the eldest daughter of Queen Elizabeth's Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Sir Nicholas Bacon (1510–1579), by his first wife, Jane Ferneley (d.1552), the daughter of William Ferneley of Suffolk. After Neville's death, his widow, Elizabeth, married, before the end of September 1595, Sir William Peryam (d. 9 October 1604). She made her last will on 12 November 1618, and died on 3 May 1621. There is a monument to her in the church of St Mary's, Henley-on-Thames.
Neville's father was a great-great-grandson of Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland and Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmoreland, the daughter of John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster by Katherine Swynford.
Career.
Neville grew up at Billingbear House at Waltham St Lawrence in Berkshire. At the age of fifteen, he matriculated from Merton College, Oxford, on 20 December 1577. His tutor was Henry Saville, later warden of Merton. In 1578 Neville accompanied Saville on a continental tour, visiting Padua, Venice, and Prague.
Neville sat in Parliament as the member for New Windsor (1584, 1586 and 1593), Sussex (1589), Liskeard (1597) and Berkshire (1604, 1614). He served as High Sheriff of Berkshire in 1595. Before his father's death, he lived at the old Archbishop's Palace at Mayfield in Sussex where he ran a highly successful cannon manufactury. He was appointed Deputy Lieutenant of Berkshire in 1596 and moved to Billingbear the next year. He was knighted in 1597.
In 1599, Neville was appointed Ambassador to France and attended the Court of Henri IV. Although knighted for his services in France, he was unhappy with the way he was treated by the French and in 1600, complaining of deafness, he asked to be recalled to England.
After his return he became involved with the Essex Rebellion of 1601 and was imprisoned in the Tower of London. He was stripped of his position and fined £5,000, which he agreed to pay in annual instalments of £1,000. After the death of Elizabeth I of England and the accession of James I a Royal Warrant was issued for his release.
After his release, he played a greater role in the political life of the nation, but earned the antagonism of King James by advocating the King surrender to the demands of the House of Commons. It was this action that, on the death of Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury, lost him the possibility of becoming the Secretary of State. Although offered the position of Treasurer of the Chamber he turned it down.
Neville died in 1615 and was buried at the church of St Lawrence in Waltham St Lawrence.
Shakespeare authorship.
In "The Truth Will Out", published in 2005, authors Brenda James, lecturer at the University of Portsmouth, and William Rubinstein, professor of history at Aberystwyth University, propose that Neville, who was a distant relative by marriage of Shakespeare's mother, is the actual author of Shakespeare's works. According to James and Rubinstein, Neville's career placed him in the locations of many of the plays about the time they were written, and his life contains parallels with the events in the plays.
Marriage and issue.
In December 1584 Neville married Anne Killigrew (d.1632), the daughter of Sir Henry Killigrew (d.1603) and Catherine Cooke), sister-in-law of William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley, by whom he had five sons and six daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="2837782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837782" title="Surdo">
Surdo

The surdo is a large bass drum used in many kinds of Brazilian music, such as Axé/Samba-reggae and samba, where it plays the lower parts from a percussion section. 
Surdo sizes normally vary between 16" or even 26" or even 29" diameter. In Rio de Janeiro, surdos are generally 60cm deep. Surdos used in the northeast of Brazil are commonly more shallow (50cm deep). Surdos may have shells of wood, galvanized steel, or aluminum. Heads may be goatskin or plastic. A Rio bateria will commonly use surdos that have skin heads (for rich tone) with aluminum shells (for lightness). Surdos are worn from a waist belt or shoulder strap, oriented with the heads roughly horizontal. The bottom head is not played.
Rio-style Carnival samba.
A typical carnival samba bateria in Rio de Janeiro has three surdo parts distinguished by tunings (and, by extension, sizes of drum). Together these three parts create a distinctive pattern which propels and drives the samba.
The surdos on which the "primeira" ("first") or "marcação" ("marker") part is played are the largest and deepest-pitched drums in the bateria. They are normally between 22" and 26" in diameter. The primeira part provides the pulse or rhythmic reference for the entire bateria. It sounds the "2" of the basic "1, 2" rhythm of samba and may also sound pick-up notes to start the music. 
The primeira is answered by a slightly smaller and higher-pitched surdo playing a part known as "segunda" ("second"), "resposta" ("response"), or "respondor" ("that which responds"). It is generally played on drums 20" or 22" in diameter. It sounds the "1" of the basic "1, 2" rhythm of samba. 
The third surdo part, called "terceira" ("third") or "cutador" ("cutter" in English), is played on the smallest and highest-pitched surdos, generally between 14" and 18" in diameter. The terceira part consists of more complex patterns that provide fills and syncopations, producing an effect of "cutting" across the basic pulse created by other two surdo parts. Terceira patterns are important drivers of music's "swing" — the feel of the bateria. Terceira players are the only surdo players with room for limited improvisation.
Other Brazilian music.
Surdos are used by samba-reggae and axé music groups of northeastern Brazil. Samba-reggae usually has two (or even 3) surdo tunings, the lowest tuning playing the pulse on 1 and the higher tuning playing the 2 (The reverse of Rio-style Samba). Middle Surdos, (tuned either as the 2 or slightly higher), playing any number of counterpatterns. The middle surdos are played with two mallets in samba-reggae to allow for more complex rhythms.
Single surdos are also used extensively in smaller samba and pagode bands.
Other bass drums found elsewhere in Brazil include the zabumba and alfaia of the northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="2837786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837786" title="Juwono Sudarsono">
Juwono Sudarsono

Juwono Sudarsono (born Banjar Ciamis, West Java; 5 March 1942) is the author of well-respected works on political science and international relations. He was educated at the University of Indonesia, Jakarta (B.A., M.S.); The Institute of Social Studies, The Hague, Netherlands; the University of California, Berkeley, USA (M.A.) ; and the London School of Economics, UK (Ph.D.). He is currently an Emeritus Professor of the University of Indonesia.
He is the son of the late Dr. Sudarsono, who was Minister of Home Affairs and Minister for Social Affairs in late 1940s (Sjahrir II Cabinet). He served as head of the department of International Relations and Dean of the Faculty of Social and Political Sciences, University of Indonesia (1985-1994) and taught at The School of Public and International Affairs, Columbia University, New York City in 1986-87.
In public service, Juwono Sudarsono has served as Vice Governor of The National Defence College (Lemhannas), 1995-1998; Minister of State for the Environment under President Suharto, 1998; Minister of Education and Culture under President B.J. Habibie, 1998-1999; Minister of Defence under President Abdurrahman Wahid (the first civilian to occupy this position in 50 years), 1999-2000; Ambassador to the United Kingdom under President Megawati Soekarnoputri, 2003-2004; and Minister for Defence under President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, 2004-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2837803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837803" title="Concord West railway station">
Concord West railway station

Concord West is a Sydney Trains railway station on the North Shore, Northern & Western Line. The station serves the residential suburbs of Concord West and Liberty Grove.
History.
Concord West station was originally called Concord station.
During the 2000 Olympics, Concord West was used as an alternate station to access Sydney Olympic Park for inter-city rail services from the Central Coast, with the platforms being extended to enable inter-city trains to make an additional stop. A temporary footbridge and an extra station exit was also provided, but those were removed after the Olympics.
Concord West station's No. 3 platform is bidirectional, and for a time was used as the Sydney stopping point for the now-defunct Great South Pacific Express train.
Facilities.
The station consists of three platforms (two of them on an island platform) linked together by an overhead bridge. Entrances to the station are from King Street to the west and Queen Street to the east. Trains travelling south (to the city) stop at platform 1 (to the east) and those travelling north (to Hornsby) stop at platform 2.
The bridge features a ticket office, automated ticket vending machine and toilets. Platform 1 to the city has the most people waiting for trains. It has a small waiting room, a ticket vending machine and public phone. The waiting room is locked when the station is unstaffed. It once featured a ticket window but this is now located on the bridge.
The old style indicators showing the time of the next train have been replaced with the new electronic displays are located on the bridge next to the ticket office and are updated automatically. These show the times of the next three trains. Electronic Indicators are also located on each of the three platforms, showing train departure times of the next three trains. A small bike rack is located on the eastern side of the station. On the western side, people sometimes chain their bikes to the fence.
As of 2014, construction is underway on a new Easy Access concourse to replace the existing concourse. The work forms part of a Northern Sydney Freight Corridor project to construct a fourth track between North Strathfield and Rhodes.
Platforms and services.
The station is served by two trains per hour each way, with additional trains during weekday peak hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2837808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837808" title="Malcolmia">
Malcolmia

Malcolmia is a genus of flowering plants from the family Brassicaceae. Species from this genus are native to Europe and Africa.
Several species are cultivated for their flowers, including Virginian stock ("Malcolmia maritima").
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2837809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837809" title="Life Against Death">
Life Against Death

Life Against Death: The Psychoanalytical Meaning of History (1959; second edition 1985) is a book by American classicist Norman O. Brown. A radical analysis and critique of the work of Sigmund Freud, "Life Against Death" has been compared to works such as Frankfurt school philosopher Herbert Marcuse's "Eros and Civilization" and French philosopher Michel Foucault's "Madness and Civilization". Brown tries to provide a theoretical rationale for a nonrepressive civilization, explores parallels between psychoanalysis and Martin Luther's theology, and draws on revolutionary themes in western religious thought, especially the body mysticism of Jakob Böhme and William Blake. The result of an interest in psychoanalysis that began when Marcuse suggested to Brown that he should read Freud, "Life Against Death" became famous when Norman Podhoretz recommended it to Lionel Trilling. Though it has been called one of the great nonfiction works of the 20th century, some critics have found it of lesser weight than Marcuse's work. It has been suggested that, despite his objectives, Brown's arguments imply that sexual repression is biologically inevitable. Brown eventually repudiated "Life Against Death": he called parts of it "quite immature" and wrote of his "Love's Body" that it was written to confuse any followers he acquired due to "Life Against Death" and destroy its positions.
Background.
Brown, whose background was in classical studies, became interested in psychoanalysis because of Marcuse, a philosopher associated with the Institute for Social Research based in Frankfurt. Marcuse had little direct concern with Freud while in Frankfurt, but devoted more attention to psychoanalysis in the 1950s, and in 1953 suggested to Brown that he should read Freud. Brown, seeking a passage to a "post-Marxist world", began his turn to psychoanalysis partly because he had become disenchanted with politics after the failure of Henry Wallace's 1948 Presidential candidacy.
In "Life Against Death", Brown wrote that he had begun a careful study of Freud in 1953, because he felt the need to reconsider both human nature and the human race's future prospects. Commenting that he had inherited from Protestantism a conscience which dictated that intellectual work should be directed toward ending or minimizing human suffering, Brown addressed the book to everyone ready to consider new ideas and possibilities. Brown proposed a synthesis of psychoanalysis, anthropology, and history, calling analyst Géza Róheim's efforts in that direction pioneer work of significance second only to Freud's. Brown also paid homage to Marcuse's "Eros and Civilization" (1955), calling it "the first book, after Wilhelm Reich's ill-fated adventures, to reopen the possibility of the abolition of repression."
Radicals such as Reich and Róheim represented a minority current of opinion within psychoanalysis, which by the 1940s was viewed as fundamentally conservative by the European and American intellectual community. Critics outside the psychoanalytic movement agreed in seeing Freud as a conservative. The left-wing writer Erich Fromm had argued that several aspects of psychoanalytic theory served the interests of political reaction in his "The Fear of Freedom" (1942), an assessment confirmed by sympathetic writers on the right. Philip Rieff, in "" (1959), portrayed Freud as a man who admirably urged men to make the best of an inevitably unhappy fate. In the 1950s, Marcuse and Brown challenged this interpretation of Freud, as did Trilling in "Freud and the Crisis of Our Culture" (1955). They believed that Freud showed that a high price has been paid for civilization, and that Freud's critical element was to be found in his late metahistorical studies, works considered unscientific by orthodox analysts and reactionary by the neo-Freudians.
Marcuse and Brown shared a similar general outlook and devoted the most attention to the same Freudian concepts. They both attempted to show that the ultimate implications of psychoanalysis are critical rather than conservative, saw Freud's greatness in his metahistorical analysis of "the general neurosis of mankind", argued that modern man is sick with the burdens of sexual repression and uncontrolled aggression, attempted to make explicit the hidden trend in psychoanalysis that promised a nonrepressive civilization as a solution to the dilemma of modern unhappiness, and accepted the most radical and discouraging of Freud's psychological assumptions: the all-pervasive role of sexuality and the existence of the death instinct. Brown, unlike Marcuse, had strong mystical inclinations and drew on revolutionary themes in western religious thought, especially the body mysticism of Böhme and Blake.
Synopsis.
Brown offers an analysis of the problems associated with sexuality and human mortality, and solutions to them. Brown expounded "the underlying ambivalence of Freud's late instinctual dualism", in which "Eros and Death were seen as antagonistic psychological principles which constantly threatened to collapse into one another." Unlike Marcuse, however, who emphasized the antithetical nature of the two instincts, Brown stressed their underlying unity, since this approach suggested a way of escaping Freud's conclusion that aggression was inevitable. Brown argued that Freud did not consider aggression a basic psychological fact, but rather a secondary manifestation of a more fundamental instinctual force, the death instinct: it was "the external expression of an impulse originally directed against the self". In Brown's interpretation of Freud, aggression becomes a problem "because Eros could carry out its project of creating life only when the death instinct was frustrated in its original enterprise. In order that men might live (and love), they were inevitably forced to destroy, to direct the energies of the death instinct away from themselves onto their fellowmen."
Freud's analysis of the dynamics of Life and Death was mistaken, according to Brown, since Freud's discovery of the ultimate identity of the two instincts implied that there is no necessary antagonism between Eros and Thanatos: they exist in harmony at a deeper level of psychic life and aggression was therefore not inevitable. Brown believed that the death instinct need not be externalized in the form of aggression if "men could recapture the original undifferentiated harmony of Life and Death." Brown therefore called for an end to the "repression of death" that perpetuated aggression. People had to learn "how to die" or, more concretely, to learn "how to grow old." Robinson calls Brown's argument "daring", and stresses that it is a very different solution to the problem of aggression than that proposed by Marcuse, since it was a psychological solution that involved adopting a new attitude toward death and did not involve political or economic revolution. Robinson compares Brown and Marcuse's treatment of Reich: both criticize him for "misrepresenting the problem of repression as one of genital sexuality" and advocated polymorphous perversity instead, but Brown again provided an exclusively psychological argument.
Brown concluded that if undifferentiated sexuality is the ultimate measure of human happiness, then any form of sexual organization is already repressive. While Marcuse had in general "complained only of the tyranny of genital sexuality" and suggested that "the pregenital libidinal had to be reactivated in a nonrepressive civilization", Brown maintained that the pregenital organizations were "just as tyrannical as adult sexuality" and that the earlier organization of libidinal energy into oral, anal, phallic syndromes was "as foreign to the undifferentiated eroticism of early infancy" as genital sexuality. Brown thus did not accept Marcuse's "characterization of the sexual deviant as a prophet of polymorphous perversity". In a truly nonrepressive civilization, "sexuality would be completely undifferentiated" and even the distinction between the sexes would become insignificant.
Brown did not accept Freud's theory of an innate biological dynamic leading from undifferentiated sexuality to adult genitality, and suggested instead that the explanation of how mankind abandoned the "primeval happiness" of polymorphous perversity was to be found through an analysis of social history. Robinson comments that Brown in fact offered no such analysis, and instead produced an "exclusively ontogentic explanation", one he finds inconsistent with "the prophetic intentions" of Brown's larger argument. Brown explained repressive differentiation in terms of Freud's revised theory of anxiety, according to which anxiety produces repression rather than the reverse. Brown, like Róheim, saw the basic form of anxiety as separation anxiety, and also identified separation with death, a breakdown of the union of mother and child that he saw as "the essence of life." Robinson finds the identification of life with union and death with separation neither easy to understand nor essential to Brown's argument. Brown's crucial point according to Robinson is that anxiety can be identified with separation, and that separation causes anxiety because the union between mother and child had been so long and lovingly indulged.
Children respond to the anxiety caused by separation through various projects to reestablish the original unity, projects Brown identified as "flights from death", but which Robinson believes could have been described more simply as flights from separation. These projects involve various organizations of the libido that Brown characterizes as repressive and which required abandoning the polymorphous perversity of earliest infancy. Examples are the oral project, in which children try to overcome separation through "the hypercathexis of the act of sucking", reuniting themselves with their mothers through the mouth (and in fantasy, ingesting them entirely), the anal project, in which children engage in "symbolic manipulation of feces as a magic instrument for restoring communion with the mother", and the phallic project, which is the attempt to reunite with the mother through the penis, identified with the entire body. These projects all involve reorganization of the libidinal economy, transferring sexual energy from the entire body to particular organs, and in all of them repression is self-imposed. The differentiation of sexuality occurs not because of an external force such as social or economic exigency, but because of "self-repression."
Brown argues that Luther's personality was to a considerable extent based upon anal fantasies and that Luther achieved some of his spiritual breakthroughs while defecating. Brown suggests numerous similarities between Lutheran Protestantism and psychoanalysis. He also provides an appreciative study of Jonathan Swift, in which he denounces attempts to conceal Swift's interest in scatology and "housebreak this tiger of English literature." He is especially critical of Aldous Huxley and John Middleton Murry for their treatment of Swift. While giving Huxley and Murry credit for calling attention to Swift's "hatred of the bowels", he deplores their reduction of the theme to Swift's personal psychopathology and failure to see that Swift was calling attention to something significant.
Critical evaluations.
Paul Robinson credits Brown and Marcuse with systematically analyzing psychoanalytic theory in order to reveal its critical implications and of going beyond Reich and Róheim in probing the dialetical subtleties of Freud's thought, thereby reaching conclusions more extreme and utopian than theirs. He finds Trilling's work on Freud of lesser value than the works of Brown and Marcuse. Robinson sees Brown's exploration of the radical implications of psychoanalysis as in some ways more rigorous and systematic than that of Marcuse. He notes that "Life Against Death" and "Eros and Civilization" have often been compared, but finds Brown's book more elegantly written, attributing this to Brown having a background in literature and the classics rather than philosophy and political theory. Yet while admiring the rigor and imagination of Brown's arguments, he believes that his analysis of the genesis of sexual differentiation unwittingly subverts its purpose of showing that a nonrepressive organization of sexual life is possible. Robinson argues that if tyrannical sexual organizations result from inability to accept separation or death, and if this flight from separation is in turn based on the fact of prolonged infantile dependence, then sexual repression is a biological inevitability. Brown thus, despite his objectives, offers "a counsel of despair", since his analysis of sexual repression fails to offer a theoretical rationale for a nonrepressive civilization. Brown was unable to either explain the historical rise of repressive civilization or to provide a solution to the problems of modern living. He believes that while Brown's work is psychologically more radical than that of Marcuse, it is politically more timid, and fails to transform psychoanalytic theory into historical and political categories. He deems Marcuse a finer theorist who provides a more substantial treatment of Freud. He also finds the subtitle of "Life Against Death", "the Psychoanalytical Meaning of History", to be "pompous and misleading".
Psychoanalyst Joel Kovel also finds "Life Against Death" comparable to, but less successful than, "Eros and Civilization". Social psychologist Liam Hudson assesses the two books differently from Robinson and Kovel, finding "Eros and Civilization" more reductively political and therefore less stimulating than "Life Against Death". Stephen Frosh finds "Eros and Civilization" and "Life Against Death" to be among the most important advances towards a psychoanalytic theory of art and culture, although he finds the way these works turn the internal psychological process of repression into a model for social existence as a whole to be disputable.
Myron Sharaf, psychotherapist and biographer of Reich, criticizes Brown for misinterpreting Reich, writing that while Brown presents Reich's view as being that the pregenital stages would disappear if full genitality were established, Reich actually believed that society represses both pregenital and genital sexuality, leading to the failure of some persons to reach the genital level and the vulnerability of others to regress to pregenital levels. Reich's view, according to Sharaf, was that given full genital expression, pregenital impulses and conflicts do not disappear but simply lose their significance and their power to disrupt healthy genitality.
Historian and social critic Christopher Lasch, in his introduction to the second edition of "Life Against Death", calls Brown's chapter on Swift the strongest part of the book, describing it as "tough, learned, witty, and inventive." Lasch believes Brown's criticism of Huxley and Murry throws light on Brown's fundamental arguments.
Cultural historian Richard Webster finds "Life Against Death" to be similar to Erik Erikson's "Young Man Luther" (1958) in that it suggests similarities between Lutheran Protestantism and classical psychoanalysis. Webster believes that the resemblances are scarcely disputable. However, he writes that while some members of Protestant churches may be comforted by the discovery that the revealed truths perceived by Luther are in harmony with Freud's hypotheses, "Those who possess greater intellectual caution, however, or those who hold no religious beliefs, may well feel some scepticism in the face of such an easy congruence of ancient faith and modern reason. They will be prompted to ask to what extent we should regard psychoanalysis not as a scientific approach to human nature but as a disguised continuation of the Judaeo-Christian tradition." Webster describes Brown's work, like that of Marcuse, Jacques Lacan, and several other modern thinkers, as "a doomed and tragic attempt to reconstruct at the level of the intellect a sensual identity which has been crucified at the level of the spontaneous and vital body."
Brown's view.
Brown later expressed dissatisfaction with "Life Against Death", referring to its chapter on "Language and Eros" as "quite immature." He observed that the book, "records the first revision of my historical identity, from Marx to Marx and Freud", a process which occurred because his first "historical identity", Marxism, had been "wrecked in the frozen landscapes of the Cold War, the defeat of the simplistic hopes for a better world that inspired the Henry Wallace campaign for the Presidency in 1948." Brown, who saw Louis Zukofsky's poetry as anticipating the ideas of both "Life Against Death" and "Love's Body" (1966), has called "Life Against Death" "my first exuberant surge of premature post-Marxist energy", writing that in it he had wagered his "intellectual life on the idea of finding in Freud what was missing in Marx." Brown "found in Freud's analysis of the pathological dimension of human desires the basis for a post-Marxist critique of capitalism." Commenting on his intellectual development, Brown noted that, "My Marxist background had given me a healthy prejudice against moneymaking. Imagine my excitement when I discovered Sandor Ferenczi's article 'The Ontogenesis of the Interest in Money'; with its immortal conclusion, 'After what has been said money is seen to be nothing other than deodorized, dehydrated shit that has been made to shine.'"
That this "turn to Freud" led to the writing of "Love's Body", which concluded that "there is only poetry", showed, according to Brown, that "the change in direction taken from Freud, resolutely pursued, in the end dictated a massive breakdown of categories of traditional 'rationality' still accepted as authoritative by both Marx and Freud; that massive breakdown...which Nietzsche baptized with the name of Dionysus. Already the last chapter in "Life Against Death", not really knowing what it was saying, proposes 'Dionysian consciousness' as a 'way out.'" Brown wrote that it was clear to him in "Life Against Death", "that at that deep level which can only be expressed in myth or metaphor, Freud's "instinct theory" needed to be remythologized in terms of Dionysus, that is to say in terms of instinctual dialectics rather than instinctual dualism. Or, to use another metaphor, in terms of Heraclitus rather than Empedocles." Brown concluded that the world will always be 'ever-living fire', and that the last chapter of "Life Against Death" was disfigured by the misleading idea that the world could be 'a pastoral scene of peace and pleasure, "luxe calme et volupté", Baudelaire's utopian image invoked by Marcuse in "Eros and Civilization"'."
Influence.
"Life Against Death" became famous partly because Podhoretz recommended it to Trilling, who produced "a favorable review of this central text of the nascent cultural radicalism toward which he was in general antagonistic and which - with Mailer, Brown, and me in mind - he would dryly characterize as 'the Norman invasion.'"
Brown's work affected Foucault's reception in the United States: American reviewers of "Madness and Civilization" (1961) noted that it shared a "kinship in mood if not in tone or method" to "Life Against Death" and its "strident paean to the primal id." Philosopher José Guilherme Merquior sees "Life Against Death" and "Madness and Civilization" as similar calls "for the liberation of the Dionysian id." Social and cultural theorist Todd Dufresne, who compares "Life Against Death" to Marcuse's "Eros and Civilization" and Paul Goodman's "Growing Up Absurd" (1960), notes that its influence can be measured in terms of sales figures: over fifty thousand copies had been sold by 1966. Dufresne, who finds Brown's work questionable, doubts that readers of Brown understood his critique of the repressive society well, suggesting that many student activists might have shared the view of Morris Dickstein, to whom Marcuse and Brown's work meant, "not some ontological breakthrough for human nature, but probably just plain fucking, lots of it". Hudson believes "Life Against Death" presaged a collapse of "our infatuation with hard science", but writes that it was neglected by radicals because its publication coincided with that of "Eros and Civilization".
Camille Paglia identifies "Life Against Death" as an influence on her work of literary criticism "Sexual Personae" (1990), writing that Brown's work, along with that of Allen Ginsberg, Leslie Fiedler, and Harold Bloom, provided an alternative to the New Criticism, which she sees as insupportable because of its exclusion of history and psychoanalysis. Paglia believes that in "Life Against Death" and "Love's Body", "the deeply learned and classically trained Brown made an unsurpassed fusion of literature, philosophy, psychoanalysis, history, and politics." Paglia credits Brown's books with making a major impact on American culture in the 1960s, writing that along with Arnold Hauser's "The Social History of Art" (1951) they helped her to see Foucault as foolish. Paglia laments, however, that, "my generation was condemned to live out what was only imagined by the older Norman O. Brown", noting that the excesses of the 1960s lead many people to disaster. She has also called "Life Against Death", "one of the great nonfiction works of the 20th century" and "what Michel Foucault longed to achieve but never did." Discussing her intellectual development, Paglia observes that Marshall McLuhan's "" was published in 1964, the year she entered college, while Brown's "Life Against Death" and Fiedler's "Love and Death in the American Novel" had been published five years earlier. Paglia sees Brown as a thinker similar to McLuhan and Fiedler, writing of them that, "They understood the creative imagination, and they extended their insights into speculation about history and society. Their influence was positive and fruitful: They did not impose their system on acolytes but liberated a whole generation of students to think freely and to discover their own voices." Paglia proposes their work as an alternative to that of Jacques Derrida, Lacan, and Foucault, which she believes has little relevance to American culture.
The Belgian journalist Raymond de Becker, noting that Brown was carrying Freud's ideas to the extreme, dismissed his theories as speculation. The Situationist writer Raoul Vaneigem, in "The Revolution of Everyday Life" (1967), credited Brown with showing how Eros, understood as essentially narcissistic, can lead to union with beings in the world. Literary critic Edward W. Said writes that "Life Against Death" was a vanguard book at the time of its publication. Kovel identifies "Life Against Death", along with "Eros and Civilization", as models for his "History and Spirit" (1991), noting that he encountered them at a time when his ambitions as a psychoanalyst and his political hopes were in conflict. Kovel believes that Marcuse and Brown's place in history is uncertain, but nevertheless writes that they gave him the hope that psychoanalysis could be turned away from a narrow clinical orthodoxy and toward emancipatory purposes. He sees the main difference between Marcuse and Brown as being that the former remained a historical materialist with a political emphasis, while Brown became an apolitical idealist.
Historian Russell Jacoby calls "Life Against Death" one of the boldest efforts to revitalize psychoanalysis, but believes that the work failed to "disturb its theoretical sleep." Political scientist Jeffrey B. Abramson credits Brown with providing the only account of preambivalence that highlights "the Freudian concept of identification and its significance as a desire to be at one with another person." However, he criticizes Brown for "seeking to achieve a final state of satisfaction that would end the self to be satisfied", a conclusion that he considers "nihilistic" and close to the views of Baruch Spinoza. Abramson attempts to follow Brown's reading of Freud, while avoiding Brown's eschatological approach. He groups Brown's work with Marcuse's "Eros and Civilization", Rieff's "Freud: The Mind of the Moralist", Paul Ricœur's "Freud and Philosophy" (1965), and Jürgen Habermas's "Knowledge and Human Interests" (1968), believing that they jointly placed Freud at the center of moral and philosophical inquiry. Ricœur cites Brown on the meaning of desire in "Freud and Philosophy".

</doc>
<doc id="2837810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837810" title="Facundo Arana">
Facundo Arana

Jorge Facundo Arana Tagle (born March 31, 1972) is an Argentine actor and musician. He is the winner of various awards for television and theater in Argentina. Arana is also noted for his solidarity work.
Early life.
Arana was born in Buenos Aires,Argentina. His father, Dr. Jorge Arana Tagle, is a recognized attorney of Admiralty law and professor at the University of Buenos Aires, and his mother, Mathilde von Bernard, is a former hockey player of German ancestry. He has three sisters.
He was first taken to an acting class by a friend at the age of fifteen. Soon after, he was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease. Arana received treatment for much of 1989 and underwent regular testing until 1994, when he was finally declared cancer-free.
Career.
Early work (1992–1998).
He began performing in Argentine telenovelas in 1992, playing smaller parts. Arana is also a musician, having studied the saxophone. While he struggled to get bigger acting jobs at Telefe, he met a street musician and the two became friends, with Arana performing on the Buenos Aires streets for many months. In 1995, his acting career took off after he was castin the hit telenovela "Perla Negra" ("Black Pearl"), alongside Andrea Del Boca. In 1996, he acted in another telenovela, named "Sueltos" ("Loose").
His participation in "Montaña Rusa, Otra Vuelta" ("Lets go for Another Round on the Rollercoaster") a teenager-oriented telenovela, paved the way for Arana to be chosen as Alejo in "Chiquititas" ("Tiny Angels"). He played the lead in the fourth season of the popular show; this proved to be the highest-rated season in the show's seven-year run. At the same time, he worked with the well known Argentine actor Gastón Pauls in a play named "El Rafa".
Breakthrough, "Muneca Brava" & film career (1999–2001).
After Chiquititas, Arana was cast in the 1999 telenovela Muñeca Brava, where he appeared alongside Natalia Oreiro. Airing on Telefe, Muñeca Brava became a huge hit and was sold worldwide, with success in over 50 countries and territories. The success of the show consolidated his status as a leading man. In 2000, Arana and Malena Solda played a romantic couple in "Buenos Vecinos" ("Good Neighbors"). Later, he starred in the 2001 series "Yago, Pasión Morena" ("Yago, Dark Passion"), with actress Gianella Neyra. Arana filmed his first movie, "La Fuga" ("The Escape"), in 2001. He also reprised his role as Alejo for the Chiquititas feature film. Both movies did well at the box office being the number one and two most watched in Argentina that year.
Further success, move to Canal 13& Theater (2002–2007).
After four years in Telefe, Arana moved to Canal 13, where he had an important role in the successful police show 099 Central. In 2004, he starred as the title character in Padre Coraje, for which he received numerous awards, including a Martin Fierro de Oro.He made his first attempt on the stage in 2005 with the play Visiting Mr. Green where he held the role of Ross Gardiner,the play had huge success being the most watched play that year in Argentina and led him to win various awards. In 2006, he reunited with Natalia Oreiro for another Pol-ka/Canal 13 production, "Sos mi vida", which was the year's highest-rated television program in Argentina.
Back to Telefe, Solidarity & Everest (2008–2012).
In 2008, he returned to Telefe for the thriller soap "Vidas robadas" for which he also received many awards.Later he started a tour in Argentina with the theatrical play "Poder se puede" which promoted the importance of early detection of cancer, and filmed the documentary "Donar Sangre Salva Vidas" for which he climbed on the top of "Aconcagua" to raise the awareness of blood donation. After a small break he returned to the small screen in 2011,again cooperating with Telefe,starring in the romantic comedy "Cuando me sonreis". In 2012, he decided to make an expedition to Everest to promote his blood donation campaign, while telefe offered to broadcast a documentary. He reached the base camp at 5,364 metres (17,598 ft) but the Altitude sickness made him stop climbing for a few days, during his second attempt Arana's illness progressed to high altitude pulmonary HAPE and cerebral HACE edema which led to Arana's emergency evacuation to Kathmandu. The news was big in Argentina and after some days, to calm his fans, Arana announced that he would fully recover and that the main target of the trip to promote the "Donar Sangre Salva Vidas" campaign would succeed as the flag of the organisation would reach the top even without him.
En el aire, Farsantes & The Blue Light Orchestra (2013–present).
In the summer of 2013 he returned to theater, as the lead actor of the play "En el aire" which was written and directed by Manuel González Gil. Later this year he joined the cast of Farsantes, portraying the role of Alberto Marini. In 2014, after he left the series Farsantes, Arana deciced to focus on music for a while and along with The Blue Light Orchestra, he toured Argentina as a singer and musician.
Solidarity work.
The last years Arana has devoted his life and most of his work to solidarity causes.Being appointed as 'ambassador' of the Fundaleu foundation he participates in all of its campaigns,while he has been the face or participated in several other foundation's campaigns such as UNICEF. He is the founder of "Donar Sangre Salva Vidas" campaign for which he has filmed two documentaries and supports it consecutive .He also has moved his acting career towards this target,with Vidas robadas and Poder se puede with which he traveled in the most isolated parts of Argentina.In 2012 he became the "Godfather" of the first university for indigenous students of Abra Pampa in Jujuy Province.
Personal life.
Besides being a saxophone player, Arana has many hobbies and he has taken part in many extreme sports like diving,water-skiing,surfing,formula and motorcycles races. He's been a licensed pilot since March 2006. He is also an amateur climber. Arana has a blog and has published some of his cartoons in newspapers. He has claimed that if he wasn't an actor he would like to be a world champion surfer, a climber, a cartoonist or a novelist.
He had a relationship with the actress Isabel Macedo for ten years. He is married to actress Maria Susini. Together, they have three children: a daughter, India Arana (born 2008) and twin boys, Yaco and Moro (born in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="2837812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837812" title="North Strathfield railway station">
North Strathfield railway station

North Strathfield is a railway station serving the residential area of North Strathfield in Sydney, Australia. The station is the first on the Main Northern railway line after the line branches from the Main Suburban railway line at Strathfield and is served by the T1 North Shore, Northern & Western Line of the Sydney Trains network.
Although the primary, eastern, connection between the Main Northern and Main Suburban lines is from North Strathfield and Strathfield, a secondary, western, connection exists between North Strathfield and Homebush. This connection is mainly used by freight trains but is occasionally used by passenger trains travelling to Olympic Park Station during trackwork or for major events at Olympic Park. As of 2014, the connection requires southbound trains to traverse a flat junction, blocking access for northbound trains. As part of the Northern Sydney Freight Corridor program a dive is being constructed adjacent to North Strathfield station to grade separate this junction. The work also includes construction of a fourth track from North Strathfield to Rhodes.
Platforms and services.
The station is served by two trains per hour each way, with additional trains during weekday peak hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2837816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837816" title="The Terror Timeline">
The Terror Timeline

" The Terror Timeline: Year by Year, Day by Day, Minute by Minute: A Comprehensive Chronicle of the Road to 9/11 — and America's Response " is described by its publisher as a compilation of over 5,000 reports and articles concerning the September 11, 2001 attacks.
The book was compiled by a Stanford University alumnus and 9/11 researcher Paul Thompson, and by other contributors to the History Commons website (formerly operated by the Center for Cooperative Research). The timeline chronicles events leading up to the terrorist attacks and America's response. The timeline was first published in mid-2002 under the web address www.complete911timeline.org but today that website no longer shows the timeline, nor updates by either Thompson or anyone else. A similar timeline can be found at www.historycommons.org but it's not Paul Thompson's Timeline.
Influence.
The book and its online counterpart were perhaps most notable for their use by the Jersey Girls in their attempts to influence the work of the 9/11 Commission. Kristen Breitweiser has personally endorsed the book, stating, "If you want to know everything about 9/11, you must read this book ... Our intelligence agencies should be recruiting people like Paul Thompson, because he's brilliant". The 9/11 Truth Movement film "" documents the journey of the Jersey Girls and it uses the book and website as its primary reference.
Thompson's work was cited as a key piece of research in a Complaint and Petition, which seeks a criminal inquiry and/or grand jury investigation into "the many still unsolved crimes of September 11, 2001," that was filed with and accepted by the New York Attorney General's Office.
His work is also cited in the books "Bad News" by Tom Fenton and "Fog Facts" by Larry Beinhart. Richard Clarke has put it on his reading list for his course on "Terrorism, Security, and Intelligence" at Harvard University.
Contents.
The "Terror Timeline" had contained previously published reports that were subsequently retracted, including allegations against a Saudi man, Mohammed Al Amoudi, that he had funded, supported, or is associated with Osama bin Laden, Al Qaeda, and their terrorist activities. The sources cited in the book also incorrectly said that Al Amoudi was a defendant in a lawsuit filed by families of 9/11 victims. These reports were based on published news reports that were later retracted but cited in first edition runs of the book before later being retracted by the news sources who made the allegations. HarperCollins removed these references in reprints after January 2005. Upon discovery of this, Paul Thompson and the Center for Cooperative Research made a public apology and the information was removed from the organization's website as well as from future editions of the book.
Author - Paul Thompson.
Paul Thompson is the author of "The Terror Timeline", a compilation of over 5,000 reports and articles concerning the September 11, 2001 attacks. The book was based on research conducted by himself and other contributors to the History Commons website. Thompson's research in the field has garnered over 100 radio interviews, along with TV interviews on Fox News and Air America and interviews in print, such as for Buzz Magazine. Articles about himself, his research and its reception by the 9/11 Truth Movement have appeared in The Village Voice and Esquire Magazine's "Genius Issue". and recognition as "an authority on terrorism", even though, "He never studied, trained", as noted by Esquire. In 2005, Thompson was asked to speak at a congressional briefing on the 9/11 Commission’s final report, he addressed what he defined as failures by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD).
Paul Thompson was born in Pacific Beach, California and currently holds a psychology degree from Stanford University obtained in 1990. He now spends time there and in New Zealand. He is a freelance researcher and has worked in the past as an environmental activist at an environmental-protection firm.
Mr. Thompson has made numerous appearances on Link TV and Free Speech TV. He helps these independent channels raise money.

</doc>
<doc id="2837825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837825" title="Cabinet of Kenya">
Cabinet of Kenya

The Cabinet of Kenya is made up of the President, Deputy President, Attorney General and Cabinet Secretaries. The 2010 Constitution of Kenya allows a maximum of 22 ministries. A Cabinet Secretary is not a Member of the Kenyan Parliament and has to be vetted by a parliamentary committee before their appointment. 

</doc>
<doc id="2837830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837830" title="Auli">
Auli

Auli is an important ski destination in the Himalayan mountains of Uttarakhand, India. Auli, also known as a 'bugyal' or Auli Bugyal, in the regional language, which means meadow, is located at an elevation of 2500 to 3050 meters above sea level. Auli is less known ski destination than Shimla, Gulmarg or Manali. It was only in the recent time, after the creation of new state Uttarakhand (formerly Uttaranchal) carved out from Uttar Pradesh, Auli was marketed as a tourist destination. The state is called "Dev Bhoomi" which means "Land of Gods" as there are important pilgrimage destination in this state mainly the 'Char Dham' (Gangotri-Yamunotri-Kedarnath-Badrinath). Auli lies on the way to Badrinath. Auli is surrounded by coniferous and oak forests, with a panoramic view of the lofty peaks of the greatest mountain range in the world, the Himalayas. The slopes here provide enough thrill to professional skier and novice as well. The Garhwal Mandal Vikas Nigam Limited (GMVNL) a govt agency which takes care of this resort, and Uttaranchal Tourism Department conduct winter sports competitions at this place to encourage skiing in India. have imported snow beater to maintain slopes. Auli also boasts the Asia's longest - 4 km - cable car (Gondola). It also has a Chair Lift and a Ski-Lift. Apart from Skiing there is an interesting trek route also. There is a training facility of Indo-Tibetan Border Police. A small temple having connection to great epic Ramayana is also present. Best time to visit is last week of Jan to first week of March for skiing. Though weather is highly unpredictable.
Geography.
Auli is located at in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand, India
Weather.
Feb end & March starting is a best month to visit Auli if you like adventure.
Moderately Cold Weather: Moderately Cold
Temperature varies from 7 to 17°C. April is cold but perfect for all tourist activities. Day times are bit warm, but nights are cool.
Month wise Weather Condition Details
January: 
Very Cold with Snowfall. Temperature varies from -4 to 7°C. January has a freezing climate with snowfall. The snow clad nature is imposing and ideal for winter sports.
February:
Very Cold with Snowfall.Temperature varies from 0 to 10°C. February is snow bound with nature appears with eye catching white cover. Good for winter travels.
March: 
Cold Temperature varies from 4 to 14°C. March offers reprieve for the freezing cold. The atmosphere starts to become warm.
April: 
Moderately Cold Temperature varies from 7 to 17°C. April is cold but perfect for all tourist activities. Day times are bit warm, but nights are cool.
May: 
Moderately Cold Temperature varies from 7 to 18°C. May is moderately hot with sun appears over the sky most of the days. Good for outdoor travels.
Jun: 
Pleasant Temperature varies from 10 to 20°C. June is the hottest month of the year. The atmosphere is temperate. The nature looks attractive and suitable for tourist activities.
July: 
Pleasant Temperature varies from 7 to 18°C. July has beautiful showers in its kitty. The nature dresses in new lush green new leaves. Good for enjoying the picturesque nature.
August: 
Moderately Cold Temperature varies from 7 to 15°C. August is pretty good with picturesque nature and flowering plants and trees. August offers moderately warm climate.
September: 
Moderately Cold Temperature varies from 7 to 15°C. September is humid with post monsoon showers. The nature appears fresh.
October: 
Cold Temperature varies from 5 to 14°C. October welcomes winters with all its majesty. The climate is moderately cold.
November: 
Cold Temperature varies from 4 to 14°C. November offers a very cold ambiance. This month is ideal for honeymoon travels.
December: 
Very Cold Temperature varies from 2 to 10°C. December is very cold. Outdoor activities require winter dresses and often snowfall is seen.
Overview & Best Season of Auli.
Summers (March to June) are very pleasant with moderate climate, with average around 15°C and ideal for sight seeing. 
Monsoons (July to October) are rainy - temperature are around 12°C.
Winters (November to February) are freezing with minimum temperatures below 0°C. Snowfall is very common and this time is ideal for skiing. 
May to November offers cool and pleasant climate and the right period to spend relaxing moments in the outdoors.
How to reach Auli.
Auli By Air:
The nearest airport is Jolly Grant Airport in Dehradun, which is about 281 km from Auli. Jolly Grant Airport in Dehradun is a domestic airport located at about 20 km away from city center of Dehradun. Taxi cabs are available from Dehradun airport to Auli, which cost about Rs 4,000. The airport operates daily flights to Delhi. Nearest International airport is Delhi, which is about 500 km away. 
Airports near Auli
Auli By Road:
The road leading to Auli is in dreadful condition and subject to frequent rockfalls (as a direct result of major deforestation). Travelling this route in winter carries serious risk.
Tourism.
Auli is a popular hill station in India. Listed below are the tourist spots in and around Auli.
Auli is starting to get popular among the ski-lovers. Though the long,tiring travel and unpredictable weather can be the mood killer. You cannot be sure till you reach what to expect. Few lucky can get to enjoy snow fall and skiing. If luck is not on your side, snow storm can lock your room for days. For some its hard solid snow which take away the skiing pleasure. Though the GMVNL has imported snow beater it cannot give the experience of fresh snow. There is a long Ski-Lift connecting lower slopes to the Top. The gondola is not an aid to skiing and simply transports visitors to the accommodation centre from the local village and the one serious ski lift, as well as being short only operates when there are four people to fill the available seats. This does lead to long delays between runs. The ski village suffers from a shortage of electricity and to be restricted to one hour of power per day is not unusual in winter.
Artificial lake
The world's highest man-made lake is at Auli, right next to the private hotel, Clifftop Club. The government has developed this in view of creating artificial snow on the new ski slopes in the event of low snow fall. The water from this lake will be used to feed the snow guns stationed along the ski slopes and thus provide a good skiing surface and extend the ski season.
Views
Auli is surrounded by high peaks like Mana, Kamet and tallest of all Nanda Devi. The 270 degree view will be enough to make you forget the long and tiring ride to reach Auli. Once the Skiing is over the best thing one can do in evening is to take chair out and get treated to great view of snow clad mountains as they keep changing colors every minute the sun goes down. Here you will understand why the Sadhus (sage) came to Himalayas for meditation. The feeling of solitude and oneness with god will do wonders to you mind and have a positive effect on you body. You will get which no money can buy "Peace of Mind"
Trekking
Apart from skiing there are some trek options available and below list is some of the trail normally completed in single day
Auli - Gorson around 7 km
Gorson - Tali around 6 km 
Tali - Kuari Pass around 11 km
Kuari Pass - Khulara around 12 km 
Khulara - Tapovan around 9 km
Spiritual
The place Auli is surrounded by the mighty peaks of Himalayas. Most of them have some name of goddess or some mythological connection. The one that stand out is beautiful Mt Nanda Devi which stands 7,817 Mts (25,643 ft) in height. Even the Mt Neelkant visible. Auli lies in the way of the Badrinath route. So in winter there is a heavy snow fall in Badrinath and the temple is closed for 5–6 months. During this period the deity of Lord Badri Vishal is brought and kept in temple at Joshimath. This is golden chance for Hindus and not to be missed. In Auli there is a small Hanuman temple having some connection to Ramayana. The belief of people is when Laxman, younger brother of Lord Rama got injured fighting the Rakshas in Lanka (Sri Lanka). A medic ordered that only the herb name 'Sanjivani' found on Sanjivani mountain in Himalayas can save Laxman. Lord Rama ordered Hanuman the task. Hanuman flew from Lanka and during his way to Sanjivani mountain he took some rest in Auli before continuing his journey.
Others
There is a training facility of Indo Tibetan Border Police. This force is responsible for guarding Indian borders at high altitude. They are subjected to hard training and its amazing to see their stamina and skiing skills. This center is equipped with best medical team for any emergency and tourist can use their help. If tourist gets trapped then the chopper service can be requested for rescue or transfer to city medical facilities.
A Hydro Power project can be seen from Auli. A private company has trapped the flowing river Alaknanda and diverted its waters through a big tunnel that runs under the mountain and the force acquired is used to generate electricity. To see this you will have to travel some 5 km towards Badrinath.
Places around Auli.
Vishnu Prayag - It is a holy confluence of river Alaknanda and Dauli Ganga. Accessible from the Joshimath.
Joshimath, derives from the word ‘Jyotirmath’ the place of Jyotirlinga of Shiva. Shankracharya founded one of the four piths “Centres’ for sanyashis here. It is the resting place for the pilgrims going to Badrinath. This is a sacred place for the believers of Badrinath better known as God Vishnu. Joshimath has a temple of Narsimha, an incarnation of Vishnu.
Badrinath - One of the four Dhaams. Very important for Hindus and who worships God Vishnu. Its closed in winter.
Tapovan - 'Tapo' meaning meditation, 'van' means forest in Sanskrit. The place is 15 km from Joshimath and has a temple and a natural hot water spring.
Events & Festivals in Auli.
♦ January to March is attractive with Skiing festivals and National Championships of Snow Skiing.
♦ September is attractive here with Mata Mruti Ka Mela, which is celebrated in nearby Badarinath with many rituals and festivities.
Adventure Sports.
Skiing is a major pastime in Auli. Facilities for skiing are available from GMVNL. There are certificate and non certificate course provided ranging from 4 days to 14 days. The courses includes stay, food, ski gear charges and guide. There are local people who provide Ski Equipment for the casual tourist and also help them to ski. If you have a weeks time, then it is possible to enroll in Ski courses and learn from experts. Auli along with Dehradun hosted the First South Asian Winter Games in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2837833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837833" title="Hum TV">
Hum TV

Hum TV is a 24-hour entertainment TV channel based in Karachi, Pakistan. It is the first brand of Hum Network Limited (KSE:HUMNL). Hum Network Limited was known as "Eye Television Network Limited" prior to January 21, 2011. Hum TV began its transmission on January 17, 2005. Hum Network announced its first Hum Awards ceremony will be held in March 2013.
Availability.
Hum TVs is available in many countries mostly, via satellite, some via cable. The channel is available in parts of Middle East, Africa and all of Asia and Europe. The channel is currently broadcasting on PAS-10 (Panam Sat) on Frequency: 3774 H S/R: 3300 FEC: 3/4.
In March 2010, Hum TV was officially launched in North America on Dish Network
Events and Partnerships.
HUM Awards.
HUM TV has its own awards to appreciate and encourage the stars and personnel behind its successful soaps and dramas. The 1st HUM Awards were held on Mar 12 encompassing 42 Nominations in 7 categories from 3 prominent fields. The Awards recognized and rewarded excellence in Pakistani Television, Fashion and Music.
Pakistan Bridal Couture Week.
Hum TV is the pioneer in establishing a world-class fashion show in Pakistan namely BCW (Bridal Couture Week), a fashion week that has veritably become the gospel on wedding-wear for many a bride-to-be.
Style360 Labels eStore.
HUM Network created a strategic alliance with Labels eStore (a prominent e-commerce website in Pakistan retailing high-end clothing by famous Pakistani designers). The eStore is now called Style360Labels (www.style360labels.com).

</doc>
<doc id="2837836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837836" title="FeS2">
FeS2

FeS may refer to:
Iron sulphide crystal systems:

</doc>
<doc id="2837847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837847" title="Malcolmia maritima">
Malcolmia maritima

Malcolmia maritima, Virginia stock is a popular annual garden plant from the family Brassicaceae. A beautiful and profusely flowering annual, it is probably one of the easiest of all plants to grow. Growing to about 6-12 inches tall (15–30 cm), it makes a mass of pink, purple and white fragrant four petalled (cruciform) flowers. It is native in Greece and Albania and may be naturalized elsewhere in Mediterranean Europe where it occurs in maritime sandy habitats and in waste places.
Cultivation.
For best results in growing Virginia stock, sow on the surface in patches or rows and thin the young plants to 6 inches apart. It prefers full to partial sun and well drained soils.
Varieties.
There is a fair amount of variation in cultivated material, particularly with regard to stature and flower colour (variously violet, purple, lavender, pink).

</doc>
<doc id="2837851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837851" title="Udu">
Udu

The udu is both an African plosive aerophone (in this case implosive) and an idiophone--not a drum--used by such peoples as the Igbo of Nigeria. In the Igbo language, "udu" means "vessel". Actually being a water jug with an additional hole, it was played by women for ceremonial uses. Usually the udu is made of clay. The instrument is played by hand and produces a special and unique bass sound by quickly hitting the big hole. Furthermore the whole corpus can be played by fingers. Today it is widely used by percussionists in different music styles.
Derived instruments.
Several instruments, traditional and modern, are derived from the udu. These include the "utar", in which the udu is elongated, flatter, and disc-like; the "kim-kim" which has two chambers and two holes; and the "zarbang-udu" which adds a skin membrane along with the open holes, developed by Persian percussionist Benham Samani. The membrane and the holes can be played with one or two hands at the same time. This is a hand percussion instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="2837856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837856" title="Oleh Luzhnyi">
Oleh Luzhnyi

Oleh Romanovych Luzhny (, born 5 August 1968 in Lviv) is a retired Ukrainian footballer . His name is alternatively Romanised as Oleg Luzhny.
Club career.
Dynamo Kyiv.
Luzhny first played for Ukrainian clubs Torpedo Lutsk (1985–88) and SKA Karpaty Lviv (1988). He signed for Dynamo Kyiv in 1989 and became a regular at right back, winning the USSR domestic double in 1990 and seven consecutive Ukrainian league titles between 1993 and 1999. He was the captain of Dynamo Kyiv's Champions League sides that defeated FC Barcelona 3–0 at home and 4–0 away in the group stage of the 1997–98 season and eliminated holders Real Madrid 3–1 on aggregate in the quarter finals en route to the semi-finals in 1998–99.
Arsenal.
Luzhny signed for English club Arsenal in the summer of 1999 after impressing manager Arsène Wenger in Kyiv's clashes with Arsenal in the Champions League. He was signed as cover for Lee Dixon, although he was unable to fully displace the England international. While never a regular starter with the Gunners (the young Cameroonian Lauren was signed a year later as Dixon's long-term replacement), Luzhny still played 110 matches in four years at the club, either at right back or, less frequently, at centre back, and even captained the team once in the League Cup. In the 2001–02 season he won a double (the FA Premier League and the FA Cup) with Arsenal. He contributed 18 league appearances as Arsenal won the 2001-02 FA Premier League. His last match for the Gunners was the 2003 FA Cup Final (which Arsenal won, beating Southampton 1–0), Luzhny's best performance for the club.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Luzhny signed for newly promoted Wolverhampton Wanderers in the summer of 2003. He spent a single season there, but only made ten appearances for the side and was released by Wolves in the summer of 2004 following their relegation from the Premier League.
International career.
On the international stage, Luzhny made his debut at the age of 20 for the Soviet Union in 1989, winning eight caps but missing the 1990 World Cup because of injury. After the USSR's dissolution, Luzhny went on to play for Ukraine, playing 52 times for his country between 1992 and 2003, although his side never reached a tournament finals, losing three times in the play-offs.
Luzhny captained the national side a record 39 times and achieved immense personal recognition in his country. In December 2000 he was voted into the Ukrainian 'Team of the Century' according to a poll by The Ukrainsky Futbol weekly. Luzhny received the fourth biggest number of votes, behind only to Oleg Blokhin, Andriy Shevchenko and Anatoly Demyanenko.
Managerial career.
Luzhny had a brief spell at Latvian side FK Venta as player-coach in 2005, but left the club after it ran into financial problems. He has now retired from playing and in June 2006 became assistant coach at Dynamo Kyiv.
Luzhny was named interim manager of Dynamo Kyiv on 5 November 2007 after the resignation of Yozhef Sabo. He led the club to three league wins in three matches, including a 2–1 home victory against perennial rivals Shakhtar Donetsk, as well as into the semifinals of the Ukrainian Cup. However, during the same period Dynamo suffered heavy Champions League defeats away at Manchester United and Sporting Lisbon and at home to Roma.
On 8 December 2007 Dynamo Kyiv unveiled a new permanent manager, Yuri Semin, and a few days later it was announced that Luzhny would continue as an assistant coach under the new manager.
On 1 October 2010 he was again named as interim manager of Dynamo Kyiv after the resignation of Valery Gazzaev. The first match was lost 2–0 to Shakhtar Donetsk at Donbass Arena. After the 19th round match against PFC Sevastopol Luzhny informed the fans that he will not return after the winter break. He was replaced by Yuri Semin on 24 December 2010.
Honours.
FC Dynamo Kyiv
Winner:
Arsenal F.C.
Winner:
Runner-up:
USSR Under-21
Personal Honours

</doc>
<doc id="2837866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837866" title="Russian government referendum, 1993">
Russian government referendum, 1993

A four-part referendum was held in Russia on 25 April 1993. Voters were asked questions on confidence in President Boris Yeltsin, support for the government's socio-economic policies and early elections for both the presidency and parliament. The referendum was initiated by the Congress of People's Deputies, which stipulated that Yeltsin would need to obtain 50% of the electorate, rather than 50% of valid votes. However, the Constitutional Court ruled that the president required only a simple majority on two issues: confidence in him, and economic and social policy; though he would still need the support of more than half the electorate in order to call new parliamentary and presidential elections.
All four questions were approved by a majority of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="2837871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837871" title="Neil Perry">
Neil Perry

Neil Arthur Perry AM (born 29 June 1957) is an Australian chef, restaurateur, author and television presenter. He also is the co-ordinator for Qantas Flight Catering under his company Rockpool Consulting.
Perry co-owns and is executive chef of restaurants in Australia. In Sydney his current stable consists of three restaurants located in the city's CBD: his flagship fine-diner Rockpool, modern Chinese restaurant Spice Temple, and factory-job steakhouse Rockpool Bar & Grill. The original incarnation of Rockpool Bar & Grill meanwhile is located in Melbourne And he open "Rosetta" in Melbourne in late 2012. Former restaurants operated by Perry include Wockpool and XO, both which have since closed.
Early life.
Perry was born in Sydney and attended Newington College and Drummoyne High School. At Newington, a GPS school which stipulates a strict dress code, he wasn't allowed to have long hair. He used to grow his hair in the holidays and roll it up in combs when he went back to school. The school sergeant recognised what he was doing and sent him to the barber to have it cut off. In Year 10, Perry called his mother and said; "I'm leaving school." Following this, he began attending Drummoyne High, a public school, and did not cut his hair for two years, leading to his signature look of a ponytail.
Career.
Prior to joining the hospitality industry Perry started an apprenticeship as a hairdresser before dropping out and working as a waiter. This is where he found his calling as a chef.
Perry's career in the hospitality industry began with managing Sails restaurants at the Sydney suburb of McMahons Point, and then at Rose Bay. This was where most of Perry's floor management skills were learnt. By the time he was 24 he found himself gravitating towards the kitchen, and realised his passion for cooking by working with, and learning from over the ensuing years, chefs such as Damien Pignolet, Gay Bilson, Stephanie Alexander, Steve Manfredi and David Thompson. Although he uses the title, Perry never actually completed a chef apprenticeship.
Perry became head chef at Barrenjoey Restaurant, Palm Beach and was given creative control over Perry’s in Paddington. In October 1986, Perry opened the Blue Water Grill at Bondi Beach which became an overnight success. He then opened Rockpool in February 1989 with his business partner and cousin Trish Richards.
In 2007, Perry opened Rockpool Bar & Grill in Melbourne. Less formal than Rockpool, the restaurant is an upmarket steakhouse, located in Crown Casino. High quality beef cooked over wood-fire grill, supported by a modern and international à la carte menu form the backbone of the food served. In spite of the riskiness of opening a large restaurant (serving up to 200 people a day) in a venue as high profile and lucrative as Crown Casino, the restaurant has proved a major success for Perry. Rockpool Bar & Grill Melbourne has also received positive reviews from critics since opening, including being awarded two coveted "chefs hats" in the Melbourne Good Food Guide.
Meanwhile this same year, having maintained Rockpool for almost two decades as a Sydney fine dining restaurant, Perry finally decided to close the restaurant and reopen with a change of direction as a "casual seafood venue" instead. Perry cited a lack of will to continue operating Rockpool at the demanding and highly competitive level he had been as the main reason for the change.
Though this new incarnation of Rockpool had only been open for a brief time, in mid-2008 Perry had a change of heart and suddenly announced that Rockpool would be returning to its original form as a fine-diner. As Perry put it: "Rockpool classic". The restaurant has since reopened, with an ethos and menu akin to its old form.
2009 saw the opening of two more Perry restaurants in Sydney, both located in the same art deco building on Bligh St in Sydney's CBD. First to open was Spice Temple in the basement level. Like the now-defunct XO Perry opened in Surry Hills some years ago, Spice Temple represents another foray by Perry into more traditional Asian cuisine—specifically regional Chinese food this time—given a sophisticated polish. Spice Temple was soon followed by the opening in the above level of a sibling installment of Melbourne's successful Rockpool Bar & Grill.
Neil also heads a consultation team for the Australian flagship airline Qantas, whom which he creates and controls in-flight menus. Menus are developed quarterly for International First and Business Class travellers, with the team overseeing the implementation and introduction to catering centres at key ports.
Neil is an Australian Apprenticeships Ambassador for the Australian Government.
Charity work.
Neil Perry is a Board Member of the Bestest Foundation for Kids. Bestest raises funds for children who fall outside the standard boundaries of the larger established charities and helps get these children support to battle an illness, obtain equipment for disabilities, gain access to education or provide urgent assistance to children at risk. 100% of all funds raised goes directly to children in need.
Perry is a principal supporter of the Bestest Gala Dinner and has managed to secure the support of Chefs from around the world to donate time and resources for this charity dinner. In 2008 over 50 chefs from Australia’s best restaurants participated with teams from Matt Moran (Aria), Guillaume Brahimi (Guillaume at Bennelong), Philip Johnson (E’cco), Shannon Bennet(Vue de Monde) and Scott Hallsworth (Nobu).
Honours.
In the Australia Day Honours List of 2013, Perry was made a Member of the Order of Australia in the General Division "for significant service to the community as a benefactor of and fundraiser for charities and as a chef and restauranteur." 
Television.
Perry is also a notable food personality within Australia, appearing on Channel Nine's food program, "Fresh" and being a major presenter on channel the digital subscribers network, Foxtel, on the LifeStyle and LifeStyle Food channels in Australia and on BBC2 in Britain. He has also recently starred on Martha Stewart's shows. His series are promoted under the banners of:
Rockpool Sessions.
Commenced in October 2004, the seven-part half-hour series profiles the restaurant Perry as chef. The series also features some of Australia’s most renowned chefs. Along with Perry who is the host, Armando Percuoco, Guillaume Brahimi, Karen Martini, David Thompson, Steve Manfredi and Tetsuya Wakuda contribute to and provide information and opinions on the themes of each episode. He has also appeared on the MasterChef Australia (season 2).
Food Source Neil Perry/Asia/New Zealand/Far North Queensland.
Food Source is an insider's guide to food in Australia and features leading Australian Chefs, food and wine producers and over 20 recipes. The series began in 2001, with series 4 (Food Source:Far North Queensland) being filmed in 2004. It continues to be shown on the LifeStyle channel, the LifeStyle Food channel and BBC2.
Fresh & Fast/Fresh & Fast Christmas Special.
Neil Perry Fresh & Fast is a 13-part series
Neil Perry - High Steaks.
The series premiered 21 May 2007 on The LifeStyle Channel. It shows the journey of Perry setting up a steakhouse venue in Melbourne. Perry deals with set-up costs of $4.5million.
The first episode shows before Perry opening up Rockpool Bar & Grill Melbourne, he was involved in expanding the Rockpool brand to London but had failed in a deal to establish a location in London. By the end of the series, he successfully opened Rockpool Melbourne and received good reviews for Rockpool Sydney and Melbourne. He was also looking to expand the brand into New York or London.

</doc>
<doc id="2837873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837873" title="East River (Virginia)">
East River (Virginia)

The East River is an , primarily tidal river located in Mathews County in the Middle Peninsula region of Virginia. It flows into Mobjack Bay, which in turn empties into the Chesapeake Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="2837875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837875" title="Sidebar">
Sidebar

Sidebar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837880" title="A-class Melbourne tram">
A-class Melbourne tram

The A-class are single-unit bogie trams that operate on the Melbourne tram network. Seventy were built by Comeng, Dandenong between 1984 and 1987 in two batches, 28 A1s and 42 A2s, with only minor differences.
History.
Comeng had expected an extension to the Z-class order, and in the early 1980s drew up plans for a Z4-class, due to a change in state government in 1982 these plans were put on hold. The order eventuated however in late 1982, as an order for 28 A-class trams. The design, which was shaped by input from passengers and tramways employees, had a series of alterations from the Z-class design. They did not include the conductors console seen in the Z-class, and had a differing door arrangement that posed a design challenge, as there was less space to house equipment.
This order was extended in 1985 with an extra 42 ordered, they were designated A2-class due to a number of design changes. All 70 A-class trams were built in Comeng's Dandenong factory, with all remaining in service today. By September 2007 all had been fitted with LED digital signage, replacing traditional roller blinds.
Subclasses.
A1-class.
In late 1982 the state government approved an extension to the Z class order, the result being 28 A1-class which were built in 1983 and 1985. They were substantially based upon the Z-class design, with improved ventilation, and differing door positions. They had the same equipment as the Z3-class trams, AEG controls and Duewag bogies, and placing all the Z3-class equipment under the frame posed a problem due to the differing door arrangement, there were two step-wells where previously there was one, this reduced the available space. Due to a desire to be less pointy having a flatter front, they were made shorter with less overhang, giving them a different appearance to the Z-class trams. The first A-class was delivered on 12 December 1983 entering service on 13 June 1984.
Although they were originally built with trolley poles, all have subsequently been converted to pantograph operation.
A2-class.
Following an extension to the A-class order, 42 A2-class were built between 1985 and 1987. They were very similar to the A1 class, however they differ in being fitted with superior Hanning & Kahl brakes, a more reliable door mechanism, and were also the first Melbourne trams to be utilise pantograph current collection.
Use.
A-class trams operate on the following 16 routes:

</doc>
<doc id="2837881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837881" title="Tritoma">
Tritoma

Tritoma is a genus of beetles in the family Erotylidae, the pleasing fungus beetles. It is distributed worldwide, mainly in the Old World. There are over 100 species.
Some species consume euagaric mushrooms, staying concealed amidst the gills as they feed. Some feed on mushrooms growing from dead trees, as well as mycorrhizae on living roots. One of the most common pleasing fungus beetles in Europe, "T. bipustulata", is a black beetle with red spots which engages in autohaemorrhaging as a defensive behavior.
Molecular analysis suggests that "Tritoma" is paraphyletic, and might be best treated as two separate genera.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2837884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837884" title="Rasmus Carl Staeger">
Rasmus Carl Staeger

Rasmus Carl Staeger (1800 - 1875) was a Danish entomologist.
Staeger was born and died in Copenhagen, over the course of his life serving as a judge, financial advisor to the Danish government, and entomologist, focusing on Diptera. His foci were Dolichopodidae, Sepsidae and Chironomidae. 
Collection.
Staeger’s Diptera collection is in the Zoological Museum in Copenhagen.Collection contents online [http://www.zmuc.dk/EntoWeb/collections-databaser/Diptera/dipterasites.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="2837886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837886" title="Elderado Dingbatti">
Elderado Dingbatti

Elderado Dingbatti is a character from the "Coping With" series of books by Peter Corey. He is usually a member of the team of experts hired to assist with the project of writing the book.
He has a strange appearance, with a head similar in shape to a baseball bat, and eyes very much out of focus. He wears a suit and grins constantly, bringing a hint of surrealism to the proceedings. He generally stays in mental institutions, prisons for the incurably insane, hospitals or abandoned branches of Toys "R" Us. Despite this, he is often granted very high positions of responsibility considering his 'condition'. For example, he was offered a chair at the English Department of Oxford University, but refused, since he had a very nice set of tubular ones from MFI.
Books.
Elderado Dingbatti appeared in several "Coping With" books.
Elderado appeared in:
Similar characters.
After Elderado's retirement, he was replaced by a nearly identical character, Ombago, a professor who dressed in a luminous chicken outfit. His advice on how to remember things, for example, went like this: "The best way to remember things is to try to not forget them!".

</doc>
<doc id="2837888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837888" title="Dipterocarpus retusus">
Dipterocarpus retusus

Dipterocarpus retusus is a large tree and perhaps the best known species in the genus "Dipterocarpus". It is known as "chhë tiël pré:ng" in Khmer, as 东京龙脑香 "dong jing long nao xiang" in Chinese. It is native to China, Vietnam, Philippines, Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Myanmar, and India. The tree, some 20-30m tall, is found in Cambodia in dense forests of the plains, common on hillsides and along rivers and in forests between 800m and 1500m altitude.
Uses.
It is famed for its timber and resin. In Cambodia, the resin is collected by people in the mountainous regions, in order to make torches and candles, while the wood is used in construction to make columns and boards.

</doc>
<doc id="2837891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837891" title="Cookies and Cream">
Cookies and Cream

Cookies and Cream (or Cookies 'n Cream) is a variety of ice cream and milkshake based on flavoring from chocolate cookies. Cookies and Cream ice cream uses sweet cream ice cream (often vanilla) and chocolate wafer cookies of any type. The flavor is widely associated with the Oreo cookie, a kind of cookie sandwich with a sweet, white cream filling commonly used in milkshakes and other frozen desserts such as Blizzards, pies, etc.
Though traditional cookies and cream ice cream is made with vanilla or sweet cream ice cream, there are variations that use chocolate, coffee or mint ice cream instead.
History.
There is some debate as to who first invented and marketed Cookies 'n Cream ice cream.
In 1983, Cookies 'n Cream became one of the top five best-selling flavors of ice cream.

</doc>
<doc id="2837899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837899" title="Nicholas Shakespeare">
Nicholas Shakespeare

Nicholas William Richmond Shakespeare (born 3 March 1957 in Worcester, England) is a British novelist and biographer.
Biography.
Born to a diplomat, Nicholas Shakespeare grew up in the Far East and in South America. He was educated at the Dragon School preparatory school in Oxford, then at Winchester College and at Magdalene College, Cambridge. He worked as a journalist for BBC television and then on "The Times" as assistant arts and literary editor. From 1988 to 1991 he was literary editor of "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Sunday Telegraph".
Shakespeare's time in South America is represented in two novels, "The Vision of Elena Silves" (1989, Somerset Maugham Award, Betty Trask Award) and "The Dancer Upstairs" (1995, American Library Association Award). Other less well-known works from this period are "The Men Who Would Be King" (1984), "Londoners" (1986) and "The High Flyer" (1993, long-listed for the Booker Prize).
In 1999, Shakespeare published his biography of Bruce Chatwin to widespread critical acclaim. This was followed by the novel "Snowleg" (2004, long-listed for the Booker Prize, Dublin IMPAC Award) a "place" book, "In Tasmania" (2004, winner of the Tasmania Book Prize 2006), "Secrets of the Sea" (2007, short-listed for the Commonwealth Writer's prize) and "Inheritance" (2010, long-listed for Dublin IMPAC Award). In 2010, he published "Under the Sun", the letters of Bruce Chatwin, which he co-edited with Elizabeth Chatwin.
Nicholas Shakespeare has also made several extended biographies for television: on Evelyn Waugh, Mario Vargas Llosa, Bruce Chatwin, Martha Gellhorn, and Dirk Bogarde. "The Dancer Upstairs" was made into a feature film in 2002, for which Shakespeare wrote the screenplay and which John Malkovich directed. Shakespeare was nominated as one of Granta's "Best of British Young Novelists" in 1993. He has written articles for "Granta", the "London Review of Books" and the "Times Literary Supplement" among other publications.
Shakespeare's novels, which have been translated into 20 languages, place ordinary people against a background of significant events, as with "The Dancer Upstairs", which deals with Abimael Guzmán, leader of Peru's Sendero Luminoso; and "Snowleg", set partly during the Cold War in the German Democratic Republic.
In 1999, Shakespeare was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.
In 2010 Shakespeare was invited by the Anglo-Argentine Society to give the prestigious Borges Lecture in London.
In 2009, Shakespeare donated the short story "The Death of Marat" to Oxfam's Ox-Tales project, four collections of UK stories written by 38 authors. Shakespeare's contribution was published in the "Earth" collection. He also contributed a story, "The Return of the Native", to OxTravels, a travel anthology that was produced to raise money for Oxfam's work.
In January 2012, according to journalists, Nicholas Shakespeare's writings were mistakenly confused for William Shakespeare's by French presidential candidate François Hollande when he said: "Let me quote Shakespeare, 'they failed because they did not start with a dream'" (""Je me permets de citer Shakespeare, ils ont échoué parce qu'ils n'ont pas commencé par le rêve."")
In October 2012, Shakespeare travelled to Cambodia with photographer Emma Hardy to visit Oxfam's work. He wrote two articles about the trip, "Beyond The Killing Fields" which was published in Intelligent Life, and "How The Dead Live" [http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2013/02/cambodia-how-dead-live, which was published in The New Statesman. The trip was part of an Oxfam campaign on the impact of Land Grabs on the world's poorest people. At The World Bank Conference on Land and Poverty that took place in April 2013, The World Bank committed itself to a new UN standard on how land is governed [http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2013/04/08/world-bank-group-access-to-land-is-critical-for-the-poor.
Since 2000, Shakespeare has been Patron of the Anita Goulden Trust, helping children in the Peruvian city of Piura. The UK-based charity was set up following an article that Shakespeare wrote for the "Daily Telegraph" magazine, which raised more than £350,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2837900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837900" title="Coopertown">
Coopertown

Coopertown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837901" title="South Western Highway">
South Western Highway

South Western Highway is a highway in the South West region of Western Australia connecting Perth's southeast with Walpole. It is a part of the Highway 1 network for most of its length. It is about long.
Route description.
Perth to Bunbury.
From Perth, the highway, signed as State Route 20, starts from the Albany Highway junction in Armadale, 28 km from Perth, and follows a north-south route 20–30 km inland from the coast, passing through several agricultural and timber towns that sprang up in the 1890s when the nearby railway came through, such as Pinjarra, Waroona, Yarloop and Harvey.
Just past Brunswick Junction, the highway heads southwest towards Western Australia's third-largest city, Bunbury. The typical scenery on this part of the highway includes small dairy farms and orchards, jarrah and marri remnant forests and pine plantations.
Until the 1980s, the Armadale-Bunbury section was part of National Highway 1, but following the upgrading of Old Coast Road and construction of the Mandurah bypass, Highway 1 now follows the coastal route via Kwinana Freeway and Old Coast Road to Bunbury passing through the resort town of Mandurah.
In Bunbury.
The highway does not actually enter Bunbury - it stops at the industrial suburb of Picton, following Robertson Drive (Bunbury's ring road) for 1 km south before turning southeast past Bunbury Airport towards Boyanup. The highway actually used to follow what is now Boyanup-Picton Road from Picton via Dardanup, but changed to the present shorter route in the 1980s.
Bunbury to Walpole.
From Bunbury, the highway goes through Boyanup and on to Donnybrook, the heart of WA's apple country. From then on the highway passes through thick forests featuring many native trees like jarrah, marri and karri. The region was settled much later than other parts of south western WA, under a soldier resettlement scheme in the 1920s. Typical scenery is farmland interspersed with forests and small timber towns.
The highway then goes through Bridgetown (where it meets the Brockman Highway from Augusta and Nannup), Manjimup and finally to Walpole. This part of the highway, especially from Manjimup, is sparsely populated and very thickly forested, with abundant wildlife and wildflowers as well as many old growth trees, especially the giant karri.
From Walpole, the Highway 1 continues as South Coast Highway to Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="2837903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837903" title="Helena Wojtczak">
Helena Wojtczak

Helena Wojtczak (pronounced 'VOYT-CHAK') (born 1958, Sussex) is a British researcher and author of women's history books, and owner of The Hastings Press. 
Biography.
Wojtczak grew up in London, where she spent 22 years before moving to Kent for five years, then returning to her native county in 1992. She holds a BSc Honours degree in the Social Sciences (majoring in Psychology) and Social History.
Wojtczak has written five books on women's history including "Women of Victorian Sussex", which Tony Benn described as ""well researched, scholarly and immensely readable"", and has created a website called Women of Hastings and St Leonards – a social history containing many details about life for women in a typical English south coast town in the 19th and early 20th centuries, and is currently creating another, about The Women's Suffrage Movement.
Wojtczak gives talks and lectures in local women's history and the history of women workers on the railways, and is an associate tutor in women's history for the University of Sussex. She has also run a series of self publishing seminars.
At the age of 19 Wojtczak became the first woman employed as a guard by British Rail. In connection with this, Wojtczak has written about her experiences of railway recruitment and training.
Working in the industry led Wojtczak to research, write and then to publish the history of Railwaywomen – a task that took her 16 years. The book was launched at the House of Commons, at the TUC Conference 2005 and at the National Railway Museum. It has received considerable acclaim, and has won the 2007 David St John Thomas Trust non-fiction book award.
Now Britain's foremost authority on the history of women railway workers, she has been consultant historian to the National Railway Museum and a contributor to "The Oxford Companion to British Railway History".
Wojtczak has written for the Oxford University Press, the Hastings Press, the TSSA, the RMT, "My Weekly", Hunter House Publishers, the "Hastings & St Leonards Observer", "The Warrior" magazine, P3 Publishing (Steam Railways), The Victorian Web and Encyclopaedia Titanica.
In 2014 Helena published "Jack the Ripper At Last? The Mysterious Murders of George Chapman". 

</doc>
<doc id="2837906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837906" title="Coopersville, New York">
Coopersville, New York

Coopersville, New York may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837912" title="Karl Agathon">
Karl Agathon

Karl C. Agathon (callsign "Helo") is a fictional character on the re-imagined "Battlestar Galactica" TV series, portrayed by Tahmoh Penikett. 
Appearances.
Background.
Agathon is an Electronic Countermeasures Officer, part of a two-person Colonial Raptor crew based on the Battlestar "Galactica", and is paired with Sharon "Boomer" Valerii before the Cylon attack on the Twelve Colonies. Unlike other major characters such as Kara "Starbuck" Thrace or Gaius Baltar, the series reveals little about Agathon's life before the events of the series. It is confirmed Helo is a Caprican, which is partly why he and Starbuck knew each other.
The (unofficial) backstory Tahmoh Penikett and Katee Sackhoff came up with to explain a comment from Thrace in "Scattered" that she and Helo "go way back" is the two were old friends for a long time who most likely attended the academy together as cadets and as "drinking buddies."
Miniseries.
During the Cylon attack, Agathon and Sharon's Raptor is damaged, he takes a shrapnel hit in the leg and they are forced to land on Caprica. While making repairs, they are mobbed by a group of survivors desperate to get off the planet. A lottery is used to decide who will be allowed to escape due to the Raptor's limited space. The injured Agathon sacrifices his own seat to allow Dr. Gaius Baltar, discovered in the crowd, to survive. Boomer lifts off with refugees aboard and Helo is left on the nuked and occupied Caprica with only a med kit and sidearm. 
Series.
After the Raptor leaves, Agathon flees into the wilderness and tries to elude Cylon forces, surviving by using anti-radiation injections and the other contents of his survival kit. Eventually, he is captured by a Number Six copy, but is rescued by Valerii (unknown to Agathon, his rescuer is another copy of Cylon model Number Eight). Valerii's true motive in accompanying Agathon is the participation in a Cylon experiment designed to attempt to create a viable Cylon/human hybrid offspring. The Cylons track Agathon's progress toward a military base in Delphi, placing him in situations designed to result in affection and ultimately love towards Valerii. The experiment results in a successful pregnancy after Valerii has sex with Agathon, though as an unintended side effect, she falls in love with him as well. Agathon soon discovers the truth about her Cylon nature after spotting another Number Eight copy while trying to infiltrate the Delphi military base. Believing that he is being led into a trap, he runs from the base and Valerii.
She eventually catches up to him and reveals she is pregnant. Despite shooting her in the shoulder, Agathon realizes he can't bring himself to kill her and instead, at her urging, takes her with him to the Delphi museum. It is there he is reunited with fellow "Galactica" pilot Kara "Starbuck" Thrace, who is on a special mission from President Laura Roslin to recover the Arrow of Apollo. After nearly being killed by Thrace, Valerii steals the Cylon Raider and flies off. Agathon and Thrace make their way first to Thrace's old apartment to retrieve a new mode of transportation (an old army truck she owned), and then into the woods in search of another military base. While stopping to get their bearings, they run into a group of Pyramid players-turned resistance fighters. After Thrace is wounded and captured by the Cylons, Agathon and the others track her down and attempt to rescue her from the hospital where she is being held. They are, surprisingly, aided by Valerii, who returns in a stolen Heavy Raider. With the Arrow of Apollo in hand, Agathon, Thrace and Valerii leave Caprica and make their way to Kobol to rejoin Roslin.
Upon rejoining the Colonial survivors aboard the "Astral Queen", Agathon pulls his gun on Lee Adama in order to stop him from shooting Valerii, whom Adama blames for the attempt another Valerii copy makes on his father's life. Later, while searching for the Tomb of Athena on the surface of Kobol, Agathon admits to Valerii he still loves and trusts her.
After finding the Tomb of Athena, Agathon returns with the group to "Galactica", almost three months after being MIA and presumed dead. His homecoming is bittersweet; Helo's former friends turn their backs on him due to his love for a Cylon — let alone one whose doppelgänger attempted to murder the beloved Commader William Adama. However, Helo finds support from Starbuck and Chief Petty Officer Galen Tyrol, who was in love with the original Galactica crew member version of Sharon before her ultimate betrayal of the fleet and death. Helo eventually is accepted by the crew when he recommends the Blackbird should be encased in carbon-composite skin to make it a stealth ship.
After the appearance of the Battlestar "Pegasus", Agathon witnesses Sharon's torture and attempted rape by Lieutenant Alastair Thorne, a "Pegasus" crew member and Cylon interrogator. Along with Tyrol, Helo stops Thorne from raping Sharon but in the process, they accidentally kill him. (This incident is subject to subtly different editing. In the DVD version of the episode, they interrupt Thorne while he is raping Sharon; in the broadcast version, they arrive just in time to prevent it.) Admiral Cain's summary trial and death sentence of Agathon and Tyrol bring "Galactica" to confrontation with "Pegasus". Although the death sentence is not carried out, Agathon and Tyrol remain in the brig, where Tyrol ultimately gives Helo his blessing for a relationship with Sharon. The two are eventually released by Colonel Jack Fisk, with all charges being dropped.
Following his captivity on "Pegasus", Helo is reunited with his version of Sharon as her pregnancy continues. When President Laura Roslin proclaims her intention to force Sharon to undergo an abortion in order to eliminate the perceived threat Helo and Sharon's child represents to the fleet, Helo begs Admiral Adama to overrule Roslin and allow himself and the pregnant Sharon to leave the fleet and find a world where they could live in peace without being persecuted. Adama refuses and Roslin rescinds her demand for a forced abortion when Gaius Baltar extracts blood from the unborn child for use as a cure for Roslin's terminal cancer. This leads to Roslin betraying Helo again by ordering Helo and Sharon's newborn daughter to be taken from the hospital after she is born. The infant's death is faked and Helo is given what are ostensibly her ashes, which he and Tyrol release into space.
Following the discovery and settlement of New Caprica, Agathon remains on "Galactica" as part of her skeleton crew. He is promoted to Captain and serves as "Galactica"'s executive officer (XO), replacing Colonel Saul Tigh. Karl Agathon marries his version of Sharon Valerii, who is commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Colonial Fleet and takes the call sign "Athena". He later successfully assists Lee Adama in the latter's effort to lose weight.
During an attempt by "Galactica" to spread a virus in order to wipe out the Cylon race, Agathon disobeys orders and sabotages a key part of the plan in order to prevent the elimination of the Cylon race because he considers such an action to be genocidal, and therefore profoundly immoral.
When Colonel Tigh finally returns to the position of "Galactica"'s XO after a long depression brought on by his experiences on New Caprica (in particular his execution of his wife, Ellen, for collaboration with the Cylons), Agathon returns to the flight line. He pilots one of the Raptors used to guide the fleet through a nearly un-navigable and highly radioactive stellar cluster. He becomes one of the second highest pilots left after the deaths of Kara "Starbuck" Thrace and Louanne "Kat" Katraine. He is next in line with Ricky "Two Times" Richardson and Marcia "Showboat" Case, respectively.
Two weeks after the death of Kara, Helo takes over as C.A.G. (Commander, Air Group) from the still visibly shaken Lee Adama, who is subsequently removed by Admiral Adama. Mere days later, he once again temporarily replaces Col. Tigh as XO, when it becomes apparent the latter has returned to the bottle.
Helo returns to his duties as CAG after Colonel Tigh returns to duty. When Starbuck returns Helo is placed second in command on the "Demetrius" in the mission to find earth. During the mission to destroy the Hub, Helo rescued the Number Three D'Anna before the Hub was destroyed. 
During the mutiny Helo was beaten unconscious by the mutineers and thrown in the brig along with his wife and daughter. After the mutiny was resolved, he and his family returned to life as usual. This equilibrium was disrupted when Boomer, the Raptor pilot he had formerly served with, impersonated his wife and allowed him to seduce her (while Athena, bound in a closet, watched in helpless fury), and then abducted Hera for study. Boomer fled with the child to the Colony, where John Cavil intended to dissect her to determine the secrets leading to her conception. In the aftermath of the abduction, with Athena in a listless depression, Helo begged Adama to let him take out a Raptor for a search-and-rescue mission, despite the risk he would not find her—or, for that matter, return. (Adama, stern if sympathetic, denied the request.)
When Adama finally obtained the location of the Colony, Helo and Athena were among the many who volunteered to crew "Galactica" for the attack-and-rescue mission. He devised the plan of using Raptors as boarding craft, inserting small teams of Marines into the Colony—a plan made extremely dangerous by the dense asteroid agglomeration and gravitational distortions caused by the Colony's orbit around a black hole. He and Athena were the only Raptor crew to survive the entire process of insertion, combat and withdrawal, but (with a little help from a repentant Boomer) successfully retrieved their daughter. Shortly thereafter, "Galactica" herself was boarded, and Helo was shot in the thigh. Hera fled the scene, and, despite knowing he would die of blood loss unless Sharon attended him, Helo demanded she protect their daughter.
Helo did not appear again until the last few minutes of the episode. Though he used a walking stick to counter his limp, he was still alive, still mobile, and evidently not severely distressed by his injury; instead, he bantered with Sharon over what they would teach Hera (and who should get to teach her) on this new planet called Earth.
While Karl and Sharon Agathon passed namelessly into history, Hera was eventually identified by Earth scientists as "Mitochondrial Eve".
Concept and creation.
Character arc.
Helo was originally conceived as a "red-shirt" character. After stranding him on the post-nuclear attack Caprica, the writers had no further plans for the character and intended his fate to be that he died (off-screen) in the radiation that followed the nuking of the planet. However, many fans took a liking to the character and wanted to know what happened to him after he was left on Caprica. This factor caused the producers, who were also impressed by Penikett's performance when watching the premiere of the miniseries on the big screen, to revise their original plans for the series to include the character and his activities on Caprica after the mini-series.
Name.
Like many of the characters on the series, his name has its origins in ancient Greece, Agathon being the name of an Athenian tragic poet. The Greek proverbial phrase "kalon k'agathon" ("the beautiful and the good") — also written as "kalos k'agathos" — was used to describe the ideal man, the epitome of both aesthetics and ethics, as well as the Form of the Good in Platonic philosophy. Helo's full name, Karl C. Agathon, wasn't revealed until the release of "33" — after the writers revised their original plans and expanded the character's storyline. His call sign, "Helo," could possibly originate from the Greek 
Titan Helios, though it is also military slang for a helicopter.
Agathon is also the name of a Prince of Troy in the "Iliad". King Priam scolds Agathon and his 8 brothers for being cowards after Hector is killed by Achilles. On page 475, beginning on line 263 in Book 24 of Stanley Lombardo's translation:
"And he waded through them, scattering them<br>
With his staff. Then he called to his sons<br>
In a harsh voice--Helenus and Paris,<br>
Agathon, Pammon, Antiphnus, Polities,<br>
Deiphobus, Hippothous, and noble Dius--"

</doc>
<doc id="2837913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837913" title="Conservative Laestadianism">
Conservative Laestadianism

Conservative Laestadianism is a Lutheran revival movement and the biggest branch of Laestadianism. It has spread to 16 countries. As of 2012 there were about 115.000 Conservative Laestadians, most of them in Finland, United States and Sweden. The movement is based on the teachings of the Bible and the Lutheran Book of Concord.
History.
Laestadianism received its name from Pastor Lars Levi Laestadius. The origin of the name Finnish-based word Conservative ("vanhoillis-") is unknown. In North and South America as well as in Africa the movement is known as Laestadian Lutheran Movement.
The movement began in Swedish Lapland. Laestadius met a Sami woman named Milla Clementsdotter of Föllinge, during an 1844 inspection tour of Åsele. Clementsdotter recited various biblical teachings to Laestadius. This was an important meeting for Laestadius because afterwards he felt he understood the secret of living faith. He believed that he received the forgiveness for his sins and saw the way that led to the eternal life. His sermons underwent a marked transformation and the movement began to spread from Sweden to Finland and Norway. Laestadius' sermons were based on the Bible. 
At the beginning of the 20th century, Laestadianism broke into three branches: The Firstborn Laestadianism, Reawakening and Conservative Laestadianism. After this major schism, several other groups have also departed from Conservative Laestadianism. It nevertheless remains the largest branch of Laestadianism.
Doctrine.
The central teaching of Conservative Laestadianism is the forgiveness of sins. It proclaims that "You can believe all sins forgiven in Jesus' name and precious blood." The precise words are considered to be of lesser importance, the main thing being that the Holy Spirit enters into a person, allowing him or her to be born again. This power of forgiveness of sins is also called the "power of the keys". Conservative Laestadians believe that these keys come from Jesus. The purpose of the keys is that all people could be relieved of their sins for God's sake. This is in accordance with the belief that God forgets all sins when they have been forgiven. 
"Faith" is considered a gift of God as opposed to something attainable by reason or other means. Conservative Laestadians believe that God has given the gift of faith to every child born in the world.
"Baptism" is seen as a covenant of good conscience between God and man wherein God strengthens the faith of the child and raises him or her in the care of the congregation. A human who has fallen from the grace of baptism can receive that gift of faith back through repentance. 
"Repentance" is seen as a change of heart. It includes penitence for sin committed, but at the same time faith in the gospel as the absolution of sins (these being the teachings of Martin Luther). 
"Communion" is a remembrance meal which was established by Jesus. Its purpose is to strengthen a believer's faith. 
"The Kingdom of God" can be discovered on earth, according to Jesus' teachings. It is a kingdom of grace on earth and a kingdom of glory in heaven. The Kingdom of God is unanimous in faith, doctrine and love.
Conservative Laestadians often have large families due to their belief that contraception is a sin. They believe that God is the lord of birth and death. They do not have a television at home because of the showing of offensive and sinful programing. They do not drink alcohol or listen to pop music. Recently however, the Internet is blurring the line between television and no television as many watch television programming on the Internet. Conservative Laestadians have about 780 preachers and 120 priests. LLC has about 68 preachers. All preachers among Conservative Laestadianism are men.
Distribution.
Conservative Laestadianism is located mainly in northern Europe and North America. Small congregations can be found in Africa, southern Europe and South America. There are about 115.000 Conservative Laestadians, most of them in Finland, United States and Sweden. Most (80,000-150,000) are in Finland. Conservative Laestadians organize big summer services every year. It is the biggest religious event in Nordic countries. About 70,000 guests come from all over the world. Conservative Laestadianism does mission work in 16 countries: Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Canada, Kenya, Latvia, Norway, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Togo and the United States. 
Congregations in North America are located in the following provinces and states: 
Canada: Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Saskatchewan. 
USA: Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming.
Publications.
Conservative Laestadians have five newspapers, three in Finland and two in North America. Those newspapers are translated into eight languages. The LLC publishes The Voice of Zion and The Shepherd´s Voice. (languages: English, Finnish, French and Spanish). The SRK in Finland publishes: Päivämies, Siionin Lähetyslehti and Siionin Kevät. (Languages: Estonian, Finnish, English, German, Russian and Swedish). They have a song book, which has been translated into 7 languages. It is called Songs and Hymns of Zion. There is also a book which describes Conservative Laestadians' doctrine. The name of this book is "The Treasure Hidden in a Field" and it can be ordered from the LLC webstore. However, the Bible is their most important book.

</doc>
<doc id="2837914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837914" title="AVN Best New Starlet Award">
AVN Best New Starlet Award

The AVN (Adult Video News) Best New Starlet Award is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="2837917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837917" title="Chip pan">
Chip pan

A chip pan is a deep-sided cooking pan used for deep-frying. Chip pans are named for their traditional use in frying chips (called "French fries" in the USA) .
Today, they are made from either aluminium or stainless steel, although in the past were commonly made from cast iron. A basket is placed inside the pan, to lower the chips into the hot cooking oil, and to raise them once cooked.
Chip pans are commonly used in the United Kingdom, although are slowly being outmoded by deep fryers.
Manufacture.
Chip pans are commonly manufactured through a spinning process, as the metal used is malleable. The lid is typically stamped out by a die in a heavy press.
Health issues.
Repeated heating of oil is believed to greatly increase the free radicals in the oil, leading to a higher risk of heart disease.
Oil burns.
Injuries, particularly to children, caused by the hot oil from a chip pan falling on them are a common cause of hospital admission in the UK.
Fire hazard.
Chip pans are well known for being a fire hazard. In the UK, chip pan fires are the largest cause of fire-related injuries in the home, such that several local fire brigades have offered a "chip pan amnesty", trading old chip pans for a deep fryer.
By comparison, electric deep fryers feature circuitry and design features (such as thermostat-controlled internal heating elements) that prevent the oil from being heated to the point of ignition. Boil-overs and splattering can still occur for the usual reasons, but the fire danger is largely eliminated.
Chip pans are the most common cause of house fires in the United Kingdom, with around 12,000 chip pan fires every year, 1,100 of them considered serious. These fires result in over 4,600 injuries, and 50 deaths per year. British Fire Brigades frequently issue warnings and advice, urging households to switch to a safer means of cooking chips, and advising that unless the fire is easily contained to leave the fire to the emergency services.
Cooking oil fires (US class K, Europe class F) burn hotter than other typical combustible liquids, rendering the standard class B extinguisher ineffective. Class F fire extinguishers use saponification to put out chip pan fires by spraying an alkaline solution which reacts with the fat to make a non-flammable soap. However, these extinguishers are generally only available in industrial and commercial kitchens.
The dangers of oil or fat fires (generally flammable substances less dense than water) are well known in industrial processes. Attempts to extinguish oil fires with water result in a boilover: an extremely hazardous condition whereby the flaming oil is violently expelled from the container. These fires result from either heating the oil to its autoignition point or by oil splattering onto the heat source.

</doc>
<doc id="2837918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837918" title="Alex Kew">
Alex Kew

Alex Kew (born 21 October 1986) is an actor, musician and singer-songwriter from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire.
TV & film.
He is best known for playing Josh Barker in the children's sitcom "My Parents Are Aliens". He has also played a variety of other parts, most notably Declan in the final series of "2point4 children". He has also appeared in ITV1's "The Bill", as Oliver Sinclair (Ollie) in the pilot episode of BBC Three comedy "Coming of Age" and as Simon Cosgrove in the film "About a Boy".
Theatre.
Alex's first theatre role was in Stephen Daldry's production of "An Inspector Calls" at the Garrick Theatre. He also played the bell boy in David Lan's revival of Thornton Wilder's play 'Skin of our Teeth' at the Young Vic in 2004.
Music.
Also a singer and guitarist, Alex joined High Wycombe rock band The Wutars in 2009, making his onstage debut at the launch of their first EP at London's 100 Club. After the band's split in July 2011, he has continued to record and perform as a solo artist. In July 2012 he joined High Wycombe rock band "Release The Bats" on bass guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="2837919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837919" title="Evidence-based policy">
Evidence-based policy

Evidence-based policy is public policy informed by rigorously established objective evidence. It is an extension of the idea of evidence-based medicine to all areas of public policy. An important aspect of evidence-based policy is the use of scientifically rigorous studies such as randomized controlled trials to identify programs and practices capable of improving policy-relevant outcomes. However, some areas of knowledge are not well served by quantitative research, leading to debate about the methods and instruments that are considered critical for the collection of relevant evidence. Good data, analytical skills and political support, as such, are seen as the important elements.
Although evidence-based policy can be traced as far back as the fourteenth century, it was more recently popularized by the Blair Government in the United Kingdom. The Blair Government said they wanted to end the ideological led-based decision making for policy making. For example, a UK Government white paper published in 1999 (""Modernising Government"") noted that Government "must produce policies that really deal with problems, that are forward-looking and shaped by evidence rather than a response to short-term pressures; that tackle causes not symptoms".
Evidence-based policy is associated with Adrian Smith because in his 1996 presidential address to the Royal Statistical Society, Smith questioned the current process of policy making and urged for a more “evidence-based approach” commenting that it has “valuable lessons to offer”.
History of evidence-based policy.
The earliest form of evidence-based policy was tariff-making in Australia which was required under legislation to be educated by the public report issued by the Tariff Board. These reports were initially only reporting on the impacts but changed to also report on the effects of industries and the economy.
The term “evidence-based policy” has evolved from “evidence-based medicine“, in which research findings are used as the support for clinical decisions and evidence is gathered by randomized controlled trials (RCTs), which is comparing a treatment group with a placebo group to measure results. In 1993, the Cochrane Collaboration was established in the UK, and works to keep all RCTs up-to-date and provides “Cochrane reviews“ which provides primary research in human health and health policy. There was then an increase in research and policy activists pushing for more evidence-based policy-making which lead to the formation of the sister organization to Cochrane Collaboration, the Campbell Collaboration in 1999. The Campbell Collaboration conducts reviews on the best evidence that analyzes the effects of social and educational policies and practices.
The Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) became involved in the push for more evidence-based policy making with its 1.3 million pound grant to the Evidence Network in 1999. The Evidence Network is a center for evidence-based policy and practice and is similar to both the Campbell and Cochrane Collaboration.
The Methodology of evidence-based policy.
There are many methodologies for evidence-based policy but they all share the following characteristics:
The form of methodology used with evidence-based policy fit under the category of a cost-benefit framework and are created to estimate a net payoff is the policy was to be implemented. Because there is a difficulty in quantifying some effects and outcomes of the policy, it is mostly focused broadly on whether or not benefits will outweigh costs, instead of using specific values.
Evidence-based development policy.
The Overseas Development Institute has pioneered RAPID Outcome Mapping Approach (ROMA) over the past five years as a means to help aid donors and partners better transform research into policy initiatives.
Key lessons of evidence-based policy-making.
Six key lessons have been developed, which are:
These lessons show that the relationship between research, policy and practice is complex, multi-factoral, non-linear, and highly context specific. What works in one situation may not work in another. Developing effective strategies in complex environments is not straightforward. Simple tools such as cost–benefit analysis, logical frameworks, traditional project management tools and others may not work on their own, as they fail to take into account the existing complexity.
Based on research conducted in six Asian and African countries, the Future Health Systems consortium has identified a set of key strategies for improving uptake of evidence in to policy, including: improving the technical capacity of policy-makers; better packaging of research findings; use of social networks; establishment of fora to assist in linking evidence with policy outcomes.
RAPID Outcome Mapping Approach.
ROMA approach takes these lessons into account has been field tested through more than 40 workshops and training courses worldwide. It is an eight-step approach for each of which the ODI has developed resources and policy tools to ensure each step is comprehensively addressed:
An example of ROMA approach can be seen in the case of Wildlife Enforcement Monitoring System (WEMS) Initiative where a systematic approach of agreement has brought its implementation in Africa
Results.
This has resulted in:
The Coalition for Evidence-Based Policy.
The Coalition for Evidence-Based Policy is a non-profit, nonpartisan organization that advocates that the use of evidence-based policy increases the effectiveness of policy. The coalition believes that evidence-based policy needs to be used in more areas of social policy domains other than medicine, such as education, poverty reduction, and crime prevention with the hope that more effective policy will lead to the saving of billions of dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="2837923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837923" title="Óscar Diego Gestido">
Óscar Diego Gestido

Óscar Diego Gestido Pose (Montevideo, Uruguay 28 November 1901 – Montevideo, December 6, 1967) was president of Uruguay in 1967.
Biography.
Diego Gestido was from a military background, and served in the military for 36 years before retiring with the rank of general in 1957. Afterwards he had an important participation during the Uruguayan floods of April 1959, being considered a hero.
He was also a member of the Colorado Party.
President of Uruguay.
On 27 November 1966 elections were celebrated, together with a constitutional referendum which gave place to a new Constitution restoring one-person presidency. Diego Gestido was elected President of Uruguay, a post he held from March 1, 1967 to December 6, 1967.
Prominent people in his government included Vice President of Uruguay Jorge Pacheco Areco, César Charlone, Luis Hierro Gambardella, Julio Lacarte Muró, Manuel Flores Mora, and Zelmar Michelini, who later co-founded the Frente Amplio grouping.
Death and succession.
Diego Gestido died in office. His remains were buried at the Central Cemetery of Montevideo.
His death meant that 3 Uruguayan Presidents had died in office in a 20 year period.
He was succeeded by his vice president, Jorge Pacheco Areco.
Family.
His brother Álvaro Gestido was a notable Uruguayan football player.

</doc>
<doc id="2837940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837940" title="Sir Thomas Mauleverer, 1st Baronet">
Sir Thomas Mauleverer, 1st Baronet

Sir Thomas Mauleverer, 1st Baronet (9 April 1599 – c. June 1655)
Sir Thomas Mauleverer was born into an ancient family with large estates in Yorkshire. His father, Sir Richard Mauleverer (c.1528-1603), had been High Sheriff of Yorkshire and Mauleverer served as a Justice of the Peace in the West Riding. In 1630, he was knighted by King Charles — but was obliged to pay for the privilege under the King's policy of distraint of knighthood. He was elected to the Long Parliament in November 1640 as MP for Boroughbridge. The King created him a baronet in August 1641, hoping to gain his support, but Mauleverer raised a regiment of foot and a troop of horse for Parliament out of his own pocket — for which he later claimed £15,000 reimbursement.
Mauleverer's troops became notorious for pillaging and defiling churches. He was with the Fairfaxes when they were routed at Adwalton Moor in June 1643, then escaped to Hull with Lord Fairfax. When the Royalists marched to besiege Hull, Fairfax commissioned Mauleverer to seek out spies and traitors in the town. He accompanied Sir Thomas Fairfax to the relief of Nantwich in January 1644, but while he was on campaign, his ancestral estate at Allerton Mauleverer was plundered by Royalists.
Mauleverer was appointed a commissioner of the High Court of Justice in January 1649, and was a signatory of the King's death warrant. During the Commonwealth, Mauleverer was active as a Justice of the Peace in Yorkshire. He died in June 1655. His son and heir Sir Richard Mauleverer had fought for the Royalists, so was allowed to succeed to the baronetcy after the Restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="2837961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837961" title="Goose Lake (Oregon-California)">
Goose Lake (Oregon-California)

Goose Lake is a large alkaline glacial lake located in the Goose Lake Valley on the Oregon–California border. The north portion of the lake is in Lake County, Oregon, and the south portion is in Modoc County, California. The mountains at the north end of the lake are part of the Fremont National Forest and the south end of the lake is adjacent to Modoc National Forest lands. Most of the valley property around the lake is privately owned agricultural land, though Goose Lake State Recreation Area is on the Oregon side of the lake.
Goose Lake is the center of is a semi-closed drainage basin. Its watershed is normally endorheic, but sometimes flows into the Pit River, part of the Sacramento River watershed, during periods of high water following heavy rainfall or snowmelt. During the 1970s and 1980s the USGS defined Goose Lake as part of the Sacramento's watershed, but has redefined Goose Lake's watershed as a closed basin.
Background.
Goose Lake is part of a geological trough which runs from Oregon southward past Death Valley, the Walker Lane.
Goose Lake attracts wildlife watchers, campers, and boaters. It is habitat to many flora and fauna including Western Grebe, Long-billed Curlew, and a large herd of mule deer which spend much of the time in the 48-site campground.
The park provides hot showers, grassy areas suitable for tents, paved sites, shade trees, fireplaces, electrical hookups, telephone, and a dump station. The campground is open mid-April to mid-October.
Recreational activities on or around the lake include kayaking, canoeing, and hunting, but not fishing. When the lake is full, it has a maximum depth of .
The lake is located near the historic Fandango Pass route used to enter California by 19th century settlers. In the mid-19th century, particularly during the California Gold Rush, the "Applegate-Lassen Cut-Off" of the California Trail left the main route of that Trail near present-day Rye Patch Reservoir, and crossed the Black Rock Desert, on the way to Goose Lake and the California gold fields. The "Lassen Cut-Off" continued down the Pit River into California's Central Valley, while the Applegate Cut-Off went into southern Oregon along the Lost River.
The lake completely dried up in the years 1851, 1852, 1926, 1929–1934, 1992, 2009 and 2013. Formerly, Goose Lake was the regular source of the Pit River, which flows into California's Sacramento River, but water diversion has caused the lake level to drop below its outlet. The Pit River's source is now south of Goose Lake and the lake's salinity is increasing, threatening fish populations. During rare high water levels, Goose Lake still spills into the Pit River.

</doc>
<doc id="2837964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837964" title="Department of Education and Skills">
Department of Education and Skills

Department of Education and Skills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837965" title="William Cowan">
William Cowan

William Cowan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837966" title="Damansara Jaya">
Damansara Jaya

The Damansara Jaya township consists of Sections SS22 and SS22A of the town of Petaling Jaya in Selangor, Malaysia.
The township consists of almost 2000 residential dwellings consisting of 1538 units of link houses, 179 semi-detached housing units and 42 bungalows along with a main commercial area (around ). This commercial centre around the Atria was according to an article in the edgedaily, originally named as the "Gardenia Centre". Google searches indicate that the name "Gardenia Town Centre" was used to describe this former location of the Parkson Grand department store. Damansara Jaya is also home to KDU College. (previously known as Kolej Damansara Utama) It has a population of over 11,678 residents.
History.
Damansara Jaya which was developed by Paramount Garden, then part of the See Hoy Chan group in the mid-seventies originally encompassed just Section SS22 of Petaling Jaya. Section SS22A which mainly consists of bungalows and semi-detached homes was later added to Damansara Jaya. Construction commenced in 1975 and the early residents of Damansara Jaya first occupied their newly completed double-storey terraced homes in 1978.
The latest addition to Damansara Jaya is some 14 units of semi-detached three-storey houses. This development was originally known as Aman Residency but after completion was renamed as the "Damansara Residensi". These are relatively large homes with some built up area and up to 6 bedrooms. They were constructed on leasehold land during 2005 and 2006 by "Genting Citra" on a piece of land which was formerly secondary jungle behind the Jalan SS22/37 cul-de-sac. This new development is a gated community and is located on the Jalan SS22/47A cul-de-sac which joins the original Jalan SS22/47 behind the Damansara Jaya Primary School. Property in Damansara Jaya is generally considered to belong to predominantly Chinese and upper middle-class owners with the bungalow and semi-detached homes particularly sought after.
Commerce.
The main commercial development in Damansara Jaya, was the Atria which consisted of freehold land measuring 22,161.02 square meters in area together with a 4 levels shopping complex annexed with 2 carpark buildings of 3 levels. Atria, which had been originally planned to house a cinema, commenced life in the mid-1980s as the Kimisawa and Printemps departmental stores. Between 1984 and 1985, traffic jams were common in Damansara Jaya, mostly during weekends when both Japanese and French stores had sales promotions. They were seen as the "must visit" shopping complexes in Petaling jaya, the "less attractive" alternatives being the likes of Asia Jaya, Thrifty Supermarket or Jaya Shopping Complex. The Piccadilly Disco located within the Atria used to be a popular hang-out for teenagers and college students. The disco was famed for its afternoon tea dances and received as much attention for the frequent police raids on the outlet. The discothèque with its main entrance at the side of the building has been replaced by other businesses and since 2008, a language centre.
The economic recession in 1988 saw the eventual closing down of these three establishments. Having exited from their brief South East Asian business venture during the 1980s into Malaysia (and Singapore too), Printemps remains as a premier department store in Paris while in Japan, Kimisawa since 2000 has been part of the larger Aeon Group. Aeon Kimisawa was subsequently dissolved upon merger with Maxvalu Tokai on 1 March 2013. 
Emerging from the downturn, the Lion Group took over ownership of the complex, whereupon the former Kimisawa location became Parkson Grand and Printemps became the Atria Shopping Centre. In the early 2000s, Atria was taken over by Lien Hoe Corporation and the Parkson supermarket was taken over, initially by Tops and later, in 2005, by Giant. Later Parkson Grand ceased operations and moved to 1 Utama. The decision by the new owners that more space is required for redevelopment meant that many long established tenants of mini-shoplots (such as Sweet Florist) on the ground floor near the supermarket had to re-locate. In September 2007 Sweet Florist re-opened on the Ground Floor of Atria, near the information counter.
By 2005, it was very evident that the Atria was very far from the league of the newer and larger complexes nearby such as 1 Utama, Ikano Power Centre and The Curve. The main anchor tenant on Level 3, the Popular Bookstore decided to terminate its presence at the Atria. Popular Bookstore had by then established its flagship store at the newly opened Ikano Power Centre and in addition a smaller branch at 1-Utama. The Level 3 location vacated by the Popular Bookstore was soon occupied by the Big Bookshop. Later, the Big Bookshop also operated a permanent book warehouse at the First Floor space formerly occupied by the Parkson Grand department store. By 2011, the Big Bookshop had vacated Level 3 and consolidated store operations together with the book warehouse on the First Floor.
Nevertheless, the Atria continued to be a popular destination among the residents of Damansara Jaya; the main attractions probably being the convenience in access and the general ease in obtaining a parking space. During most weekends, the Atria thus remained an attractive choice in comparison to having to endure the traffic jams and parking inconveniences of the nearby larger complexes at Bandar Utama and at Mutiara Damansara. It is not unprobable that since December 2007, the Tropicana City Mall in adjacent Damansara Utama has provided significant competition to the Atria's business.
In March 2007, Lien Hoe sold the Atria at RM75,000,000 to OSK Property Holdings Berhad. Nevertheless, ground floor stores were still open for business, with the bustling ground floor centre courtyard are still occupied by traders selling items such as books and clothes.
As for shoplots, Damansara Jaya residents can choose between the 4-storey shops surrounding The Atria or the older 2-storey Mewah shops, i.e. those behind the KDU. More upmarket establishments such as banks (Maybank, RHB Bank and Public Bank), restaurants, pharmacies and clubs are found at the former whereas more traditional businesses such as coffee shops, sundry shops and hardware shops are located at the latter.
Haircare services are provided by various saloons located at the external Atria or Mewah shops or within the Atria Complex. Tyre shops are located at Jalan SS22/25, Jalan SS22/23 and Jalan SS22/21. Car repair and car air-conditioning shops can be found at both the Mewah and Atria shops area. Popular betting shops such as Toto, Magnum and Damacai also operate at Damansara Jaya.
Atria redevelopment.
In early 2008, the new owner of the Atria, OSK Property Holdings Sdn Bhd, proposed to redevelop the Atria which occupies a land area of , into a 33-storey office tower with a 4-level retail podium and a 3½ level basement car park. In January 2009, OSK proposed to redevelop the property into a more upmarket retail and commercial destination for Petaling Jaya folks. The redeveloped modern shopping mall will have gross lettable area of 1.3 million sq ft (121,000 m2)and also some low-rise shop offices. The development order had been obtained in 2008 and the project is expected to kick off in the later part of 2010. The potential gross development value of some 1 billion Ringgit is expected be realised by 2012.
On 14 April 2010, OSK Property executive director and chief executive officer Gerard Tan Boon Chuan mentioned at the company's shareholders meeting that the development order had been endorsed and the redeveloped Atria with a potential gross development value of up to RM1 billion, would feature a four-storey podium and two 18-storey towers. It was also mentioned that there will be an increase in parking facilities with over 2,000 bays available.
The development signage put up in August 2011 indicates that the Atria will be demolished over a 6-months period. The redevelopment will be carried out by Atria Damansara Sdn Bhd and would consist of a four-storey podium and two 16-storey towers. When completed, the podium will have of retail space for lease and 1,830 parking bays housed in two levels of underground parking and five levels of multi-storey parking. This Atria redevelopment has seen a fair degree of protests from Damansara Jaya residents. 
Atria end game.
On 26 April 2011, OSK gave 3 months notice to all the Atria tenants to vacate the shopping complex by 26 July 2011. OSK had apparently obtained updated approval from MBPJ to demolish the existing development and to construct in its place 2 x 15 storey office blocks, a 4-storey podium incorporating a shopping mall, 2 levels of underground car park and 4 levels of multi-storey car park. As of 26 July, the Language House remained operating at the Atria. A dispute involving the tenancy agreement between the Language House and OSK was then unresolved. (sourced from thestar.com.my). By mid-August, the Atria complex, save for small section as access to the Language House, had essentially been fenced by metal hoardings. The loss of use of both the Atria multi-storey car parks has had significant impact on available street parking bays. By early September, the car park building at the Atria main entrance had been demolished. By mid-October, the other car park building had also been demolished. The demolition of the shopping complex proper begun very soon after the departure of the Language House from its Atria premises on 22 October. The Language House subsequently re-commenced operations at Damansara Intan on 8 November. By Christmas, almost all of the Atria complex building, save perhaps for the facade of the old Parkson entrance had been demolished. That too was gone within the next 2 weeks.
Atria renovated.
On 6 July 2012, OSK Property executive director, Tan Sri Ong Leong Huat, announced that the company has appointed Beijing Urban Construction Group (M) Sdn Bhd as the main contractor for the project. The first phase to be completed will be the four-storey podium shopping mall while the remaining developments are targeted for completion by end 2013.
Healthcare.
Residents of Damansara Jaya can easily access to general practitioners (Dr Lim at Toh & Lim), child specialists (Dr Kwan and Dr Chan) and dental care (such as Au & Kooi Dental Surgery) within this township. Not too far away is the Tropicana Medical Centre, in Kota Damansara, Damansara Specialist Hospital, located in adjacent Damansara Utama, and Sime Darby Specialist Centre Megah (formerly known as Megah Medical Specialist Group or MMSG) in the adjacent Taman SEA. Sime Darby Specialist Centre Megah is a medical and surgical day care centre and is owned by the Sime Darby's healthcare division, Sime Darby Healthcare.
The ALLin and Sibu pharmacies are located at the Atria shops whereas Guardian and Smart Care pharmacies are located within the Atria Complex.
"Foh Peng" serves as the sole Chinese medical shop for Damansara Jaya. It is located adjacent to the Public Bank on Jalan SS22/23. Just like most other modern medical shops, "Foh Peng" also carries a fair selection of sundry goods.
Pet healthcare is available from Veterinary Clinics located at the Atria as well as Mewah shops.
Education.
A variety of educational establishments are located in Damansara Jaya, including kindergartens, primary and secondary public schools, tuition centres, art and music schools and the KDU college.
SMK Damansara Jaya, or Damansara Jaya Secondary School, and also SRK Damansara Jaya or referred as Damansara Jaya Primary School is very popular among residents of Damansara Jaya and its surrounding areas, such as Bandar Utama, Taman Megah, and Taman SEA. Not only does it excel academically, it has also built a strong name for itself in co-curricular activities. A very prominent product of SMK Damansara Jaya is its debate team which, to date, has won ten national inter-school debating titles in the last nine years. These tournaments include the prestigious national Tan Sri Datuk Wira Abdul Rahman Arshad Cup (2001, 2003, 2008), Taylor’s College Annual Inter-School Debate competition (2000, 2002, 2005, 2006) and HELP University College’s Tan Sri Paduka Dr Saleha Debate Cup (2004, 2006, 2008).
In early 2007, the Itqan Integrated Islamic School commenced operations at a bungalow located at 9 Lorong SS22/32A, to provide tuition and Islamic education. At Itqan, the English and Arabic languages are used as the medium of instruction. Some years ago, this bungalow housed the Aladdin Kindergarten. It had since become dilapidated and remained so until being renovated to house the current Islamic school.
Transportation.
Damansara Jaya has excellent access to expressways such as the Damansara-Puchong Expressway (LDP), Sprint Expressway (SPRINT) and North Klang Valley Expressway (NKVE). Public bus services are provided by rapidKL bus route no T626 which serves from Taman Bahagia LRT to Damansara Utama via Damansara Jaya & return to Taman Bahagia LRT via SEA Park, Section SS 2 Petaling Jaya.
Other amenities.
Damansara Jaya motorists are served by a BHPetrol as well as two Petronas petrol stations, one located along the LDP, the other adjacent to the Mewah shops. The former, previously operated by Nobamech Enterprise, was previously also a main supplier of Compressed Natural Gas for NGV taxis. As an added convenience, a Maybank ATM was added to this Petronas station in early 2007.
The BHPetrol petrol station commenced operations in 2006 when Boustead Holdings took over the operations of stations from British Petroleum. BP's once familiar green based colours were replaced by BHPetrol's orange-yellow. BHPetrol is owned by Boustead Holdings which in turn is majority owned by Lembaga Tabung Angkatan Tentera (LTAT).
In the same month, the Petronas petrol station along the LDP underwent a 3-week renovation and re-opened under new management. In April 2009, this Petronas station stopped selling CNG. The familiar long queue of taxis along SS22/48 soon became history.
Alternatively residents may choose to patronise the nearby Shell station which took over ProJET in August 2007. This station, located in adjacent SS23, is operated by Zarahim Enterprise and has 7-Eleven and Cosway as co-tenants with Shell.
Petaling Jaya's only Indian cemetery is situated in Damansara Jaya, next to KDU College.
Resident associations.
DJROA or The Damansara Jaya Residents and Owners Association which was formed in 1994 represents the interest of residents in this township while the Damansara Residency Residence Association looks after the interest of residents of this development on Jalan SS22/47A.
DJROA had its beginnings in October 1993, when residents grouped together to successfully address local authority plans to have a Pasar Malam at the then dead-end road of SS22/43. The association operates a community centre located on Jalan SS22/30. This community centre was officially opened on 15 December 2005 by Dato' Seri Ong Ka Ting. Activities such as line dancing and Wai Dan Gong are regularly conducted at the DJROA community centre.
DJROA has participated in the UN sponsored Local Agenda 21 programme under the auspices of MBPJ ("Majlis Bandaraya Petaling Jaya") or in English, the Petaling Jaya City Council.
In November 2009, DJROA won the first prize in the best neighbourhood award from MBPJ. DJROA had previously also won first prize in 2001 and were placed second in 2004. On 5 December 2009, Mr Nik Nazmi Nik Ahmad (Seri Setia State Assemblyman and political secretary to the Chief Minister), represented the Chief Minister of Selangor, Tan Sri Abdul Khalid Ibrahim to officially launch Community Policing in Damansara Jaya.
Places of worship.
A Sword of the Spirit Charismatic Church is located on the First Floor of 11 Jalan SS22/23. An Evangel Bible Presbyterian Church is located at 26 Jalan SS22/21. The church is located on the Ground Floor of a shoplot, near to Esquire Kitchen of the Atria Shopping Complex and behind the Damansara Jaya post office. The Gospel Lighthouse Pentecostal Church is located on the second floor of the shoplot on 44 Jalan SS22/25. This location is essentially adjacent to the Koon Kee coffee shop. On 1 November 2009, the New Covenant Church commenced services on the 3rd Floor of the Atria in the space which is formerly the rear portion of the Big Bookshop. This church relocated elsewhere at the end of its 12 month tenancy.
Prominent business offices.
Gamuda Berhad, a KLSE First Board listed company has its corporate office located on Jalan SS22/21 in Damansara Jaya. Gamuda is principally involved in engineering and construction, infrastructure and township developments. The LDP or "Lebuhraya Damansara Puchong" was constructed by Gamuda. More recently Gamuda also constructed the SMART Tunnel, a project undertaken to help alleviate potential flood situations at Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="2837967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837967" title="Limestone Way">
Limestone Way

The Limestone Way is a long-distance bridleway in Derbyshire, England. It runs through the White Peak of the Peak District National Park, from Castleton south east to Rocester over the county boundary in Staffordshire. It originally ran to Matlock, but was diverted to its current, longer route to join up with the Staffordshire Way. The trail is named for the limestone scenery along its route. It was created by the West Derbyshire District Council (now Derbyshire Dales).
The route.
From Castleton, the route runs up Cave Dale, past Peak Forest, down Hay Dale and Peter Dale, parallel to Monks Dale then through the village of Millers Dale. It then passes Blackwell and runs through Flagg and Monyash, across Cales Dale and past Youlgreave through Bradford Dale. The route then continues past Robin Hood's Stride to the villages of Elton, Winster and Bonsall, after which it crosses the Midshires Way. The trail runs through Parwich and crosses the Tissington Trail before running through Tissington itself and Thorpe, then down into Dovedale at Ellastone on its approach to Rocester. Spurs link Bonsall to Matlock (along the old route of the path) and from Thorpe to Ashbourne.
Details of connecting routes may be found on the Limestone Way page of the Long Distance Walkers' Association website.

</doc>
<doc id="2837975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837975" title="Wood Frisian">
Wood Frisian

Wood Frisian (West Frisian: "Wâldfrysk") is a dialect of the West Frisian language spoken in the eastern part of the Dutch province of Friesland, which is called "Wâlden" (English: "woods"). The dialect is also spoken in parts of Groningen, the province to the east of Friesland.
Comparison with Clay Frisian.
Phonological differences.
The largest difference between Wood Frisian and the northwestern Clay Frisian dialect are the words "my" ("me"), "dy" ("you"), "hy" ("he"), "sy" ("she" or "they"), "wy" ("we"), and "by" ("by"), which are pronounced in the Wood Frisian as a "mi", "di", "hi", "si", "wi", and "bi" and in Clay Frisian as "mij", "dij", "hij", "sij", "wij", and "bij". Other differences are in the pronouncement of the diphthongs "ei", "ai", and "aai" which are pronounced "ij", "ai", and "aai" in Wood Frisian, but "ôi", "òi", and "ôi" in Clay Frisian. Thus, in Wood Frisian, there is no difference between "ei" and "ij", whereas in Clay Frisian, there is no difference between "ei" and "aai".
Other phonological differences include:
Lexical differences.
Some lexical differences between Wood Frisian and Clay Frisian include:
Westereendersk dialect.
In the town of the de Westereen, Zwagerbosch and Twijzelerheide people speak a different kind of Wood Frisian: Westereendersk dialect.

</doc>
<doc id="2837979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837979" title="Breiðablik">
Breiðablik

The Old Norse/Icelandic name Breiðablik means "broad gleam" and can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2837981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837981" title="Michael Forsyth">
Michael Forsyth

Michael Forsyth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2837984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837984" title="Piano Sonata No. 31 (Beethoven)">
Piano Sonata No. 31 (Beethoven)

The Piano Sonata No. 31 in A-flat major, Op. 110, by Ludwig van Beethoven was composed in 1821. It is the central piano sonata in the group of three opp. 109–111 which he wrote between 1820 and 1822, and the thirty-first of his published piano sonatas.
The sonata is in three movements. The "moderato" first movement in sonata form, marked "con amabilità", is followed by a fast scherzo. The finale comprises a slow recitative and "arioso dolente", a fugue, a return of the "arioso" lament, and a second fugue that builds to an affirmative conclusion.
Composition.
In the summer of 1819 Moritz Schlesinger, from the Schlesinger firm of music publishers based in Berlin, met Beethoven and asked to purchase some compositions. After some negotiation by letter, and despite the publisher's qualms about Beethoven's retaining the rights for publication in England and Scotland, Schlesinger agreed to purchase 25 songs for 60 ducats and three piano sonatas at 90 ducats (Beethoven had originally asked 120 ducats for the sonatas). In May 1820 Beethoven agreed, the songs (op. 108) already being available, and he undertook to deliver the sonatas within three months. These three sonatas are the ones now known as opp. 109–111.
Beethoven was prevented from completing all three of the promised sonatas on schedule by factors including an attack of jaundice; Op. 109 was completed and delivered in 1820, but correspondence shows that Op. 110 was still not ready by the middle of December 1821, and the completed autograph score bears the date December 25, 1821. Presumably the sonata was delivered shortly thereafter, since Beethoven was paid the 30 ducats for this sonata in January 1822.
Form.
Alfred Brendel characterizes the main themes of the sonata as all derived from the hexachord - the first six notes of the diatonic scale - and the intervals of the third and fourth that divide it. He also points out that contrary motion is a feature of much of the work, particularly prominent in the scherzo second movement.
First movement.
The first movement is marked "Moderato cantabile molto espressivo" ("at a moderate speed, in a singing style, very expressively"). Denis Matthews describes the first movement as in "orderly, predictable, sonata form", and Charles Rosen calls the movement's structure Haydnesque. Its opening is marked "con amabilità" ("amiably"). After a pause on the dominant seventh the opening is extended in a "cantabile" theme. This leads to a light arpeggiated demisemiquaver transition passage. The second group of themes in the dominant E♭ includes appoggiatura figures, and a bass which descends in steps from E to G three times while the melody rises by a sixth. The exposition ends with a semiquaver cadential theme. Beethoven does not ask for the exposition to be repeated.
The development section (which Rosen calls "radically simple") consists of restatements of the movement's initial theme in a falling sequence, with underlying semiquaver figures. Tovey compares the artful simplicity of the development with the entasis of the Parthenon's columns.
The recapitulation begins conventionally with a restatement of the opening theme in the tonic (A major), Beethoven combining it with the arpeggiated transition motif. The cantabile theme gradually modulates via the subdominant to E major (a seemingly remote key which both Matthews and Tovey rationalise by viewing it as a notational convenience for F major). The harmony soon modulates back to the home key of A major. The movement closes with a cadence over a tonic pedal.
Second movement.
The scherzo is marked "allegro molto". Matthews describes it as "terse", and Kinderman as "humorous", even though it is in the minor. The rhythm is complex with many syncopations and ambiguities. Tovey observes that this ambiguity is deliberate: attempts to characterise the movement as a Gavotte are prevented by the short length of the bars implying twice as many accented beats - and had he wanted to, Beethoven could obviously have composed a Gavotte.
Beethoven uses antiphonal dynamics (four bars of "piano" contrasted against four bars of "forte"), and opens the movement with a six-note falling-scale motif. Cooper finds that Beethoven here indulged the rougher side of his humour by using two folk songs, "Unsa kätz häd kaz'ln g'habt" (Our cat has had kittens) and "Ich bin lüderlich, du bist lüderlich" (lüderlich translates roughly as "dissolute" or "slob"). However, Tovey earlier decided that such theories of the themes' origins were "unscrupulous", since the first of these folk songs was arranged by Beethoven some time before this work's composition in payment for a publisher's trifling postage charge - the nature of the arrangement making it clear that the folk songs were of little importance to the composer.
The trio in D major juxtaposes "abrupt leaps" and "perilous descents" (Matthews), ending quietly and leading to a modified reprise of the scherzo with repeats, the first repeat written out to allow for an extra "ritardando". After a few syncopated chords the movement's short coda comes to rest quietly but uneasily in F major via a long broken arpeggio in the bass.
Third movement.
The third movement's structure alternates two slow "arioso" sections with two faster fugues. In Brendel's analysis there are "six" sections - recitative, "arioso", first fugue, "arioso", fugue inversion, homophonic conclusion. 
The movement uses the scherzo's concluding ritardando bass arpeggio in F major to resolve to B minor, forming a seamless bridge between the rough humour of the scherzo and the doleful meditation of the Arioso, in A minor. Commentators (including Rosen and Kinderman cited) have seen the initial recitative and arioso as "operatic". The recitative, whose tempo changes frequently, leads to an extended "arioso dolente", a lament whose initial melodic contour is similar to the opening of the scherzo (although Tovey dismisses this as insignificant). The lament is supported by repeated left hand chords.
The arioso leads into a three-voice fugue, whose subject is constructed from three parallel rising fourths. The opening theme of the first movement carried within it elements of this fugue subject (the motif A–D–B–E) and Matthews sees a foreshadowing of it also in the alto part of the first movement's antepenultimate bar. The countersubject moves by smaller intervals. Kinderman finds a parallel between this fugue and the "fughetta" of the composer's later "Diabelli Variations", also finding similarities with the "Agnus Dei" and "Dona Nobis Pacem" movements of the contemporaneous "Missa Solemnis" (sketches of this work and the "Missa Solemnis" are to be found interspersed in the same notebook).
The subject of this fugue () opens with three ascending fourths (A → D; B → E; C → F) and then goes downwards in gestures outlining fourths (i.e. F - E - D - C). The counterpoint has two themes working together to highlight the fourth.
At the point where Beethoven introduces a diminution of the subject's rising figure the piece comes to rest on the dominant seventh, which resolves enharmonically onto a G minor chord in second inversion, leading into a reprise of the "arioso dolente" in G minor marked "ermattet" (exhausted). Kinderman contrasts the perceived "earthly pain" of the lament with the "consolation and inward strength" of the fugue - which Tovey points out had not reached a conclusion. Rosen finds that G minor, the tonality of the leading note, gives the arioso a flattened quality befitting exhaustion, and Tovey describes the broken rhythm of this second arioso as being "through sobs".
The arioso ends with repeated G major chords of increasing strength, repeating the sudden minor-to-major device that concluded the scherzo - now a second fugue emerges with the subject of the first inverted, marked "wieder auflebend" (again reviving) ("poi a poi di nuovo vivente" - little by little with renewed vigour - in the traditional Italian). There are many performance instructions in this passage that begin "poi a poi" and "nach und nach" (little by little). Initially the pianist is instructed to play "una corda" ("i.e." to use the "soft pedal"); Brendel ascribes an unreal, illusory quality to it. The final fugue gradually increases in intensity and volume. After all three voices have entered, the bass introduces a diminution of the first fugue's subject (whose accent is also altered), while the treble augments the same subject with the rhythm across the bars. The bass eventually enters with the augmented version of the fugue subject in C minor, and this ends on E, the work's dominant. During this statement of the subject in the bass the pianist is instructed to gradually raise the "una corda" pedal. Beethoven here relaxes the tempo and introduces a truncated double-diminution of the fugue subject; after statements of the first fugue subject and its inversion surrounded by what Tovey calls this "flame" motif, the contrapuntal parts lose their identity. Brendel sees the following, final section as a "shaking off" of the constraints of polyphony, while Tovey goes so far as to label it a "peroration", calling the closing passage "exultant". It leads to a final four-bar tonic arpeggio and a last emphatic chord of A flat major.
Matthews writes that it is not fanciful to see the final movement's second fugue as a "gathering of confidence after illness or despair", a theme which can be discerned in other late works by Beethoven (Brendel compares it with the "Cavatina" from the String Quartet Op. 130). Cooper describes the coda as "passionate" and "heroic", but not out of place after the arioso's distress or the fugues' "luminous verities". Rosen states that this movement is the first time in the history of music where the academic devices of counterpoint and fugue are integral to a composition's drama, and observes that Beethoven in this work does not "simply represent the return to life, but persuades us physically of the process."

</doc>
<doc id="2837991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837991" title="Cumann na Poblachta">
Cumann na Poblachta

Cumann na Poblachta (; "League of the Republic" in English) was an Irish republican political party.
The party was founded on 15 March 1922 by Éamon de Valera. It opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and was composed of the anti-Treaty wing of Sinn Féin. The party did contest the 1922 Irish general election but, in accordance with the Collins/De Valera Pact, under the Sinn Féin banner like their opponents.
The party commonly appended the title "The Republican Party" to its name. This subtitle was later adopted by the Fianna Fáil party at its foundation in 1926.
In 1923, after the pro-Treaty wing of Sinn Féin renamed itself as Cumann na nGaedheal, Cumann na Poblachta continued to use the Sinn Féin name.

</doc>
<doc id="2838007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838007" title="Mother Simpson">
Mother Simpson

"Mother Simpson" is the eighth episode of "The Simpsons"' seventh season and first aired on November 19, 1995. After faking his own death to get a day off of work, Homer reunites with his mother Mona, whom he thought had died 27 years ago. It was directed by David Silverman and was the first episode to be written by Richard Appel. Glenn Close makes her first of four guest spots as Homer's mother.
Plot.
Mr. Burns has all of his employees clean up a highway maintained by his company. Not wishing to waste his Saturday, Homer fakes his death so that he does not have to take part. He uses a replica of himself and throws it into a waterfall which gets severely broken and eventually goes into the turbines to which everyone thinks Homer killed himself. The next day, news of Homer's "death" spreads, and after getting many flowers and sympathy cards, as well as a tombstone, Marge finds out and orders Homer to go to the Springfield Hall of Records to get the "misunderstanding" sorted out. While sorting out the problem, Homer gets into an argument with a clerk who claims that Homer's mother is still alive, in spite of Homer's belief that she died while he was young. Homer visits what he believes is her grave, only to discover that it belongs to Walt Whitman. Nearby, he sees his own grave and falls into it. A woman approaches and chastises Homer for falling into her son's grave. Homer realizes that the woman is his mother, Mona, and the two have an emotional reunion after 27 years apart.
Homer takes Mona home to meet the family and she bonds with Lisa, being on the same intellectual level. While the two are sitting on the front steps, a police car drives by and Mona runs inside the house, making Lisa suspicious. She shares her suspicions with Bart, who had raided Mona's purse and found several driver's licenses with different names; Lisa suspects that Mona is a con artist. Meanwhile, Homer and Marge are wondering why his mother left him for 27 years and the two decide to confront Mona, who decides to tell them the truth.
In a flashback to 1969, Mona is a housewife who still lives with Homer's father Abe. While Abe is watching the 1969 Super Bowl, Mona becomes inspired by Joe Namath's long hair. She joins a group of hippies who protest Mr. Burns' germ warfare laboratory, who is deliberately trying to poison everyone in Springfield. They detonate an "antibiotic bomb" inside the lab, killing all the germs and curing lab security guard Clancy Wiggum's asthma. Angry about the destruction of his "precious germs", Burns runs to the lab, but is trampled by the fleeing hippies. Mona goes back to help him, and Burns manages to identify her as one of the perpetrators, forcing Mona to leave her family and go into hiding.
Mona reveals that she sent Homer a care package every week, although he never received them, and they go to the post office to claim them. There, Burns recognizes her and calls the FBI. The FBI and Burns manage to track Mona down and invade the Simpson home. However, Homer and Mona manage to escape thanks to a tip-off from Wiggum, who is grateful to Mona for curing his asthma, and thereby allowing him to join the police force. Mona is once again forced to go into hiding and she and Homer say goodbye. After Mona leaves, Homer remains into the night, sitting on his car and watching the stars.
Production.
The idea for "Mother Simpson" was pitched by Richard Appel, who decided to do something about Homer's mother, who previously had only been mentioned once. Many of the writers could not believe that an episode about Homer's mother had not previously been produced. Part of the fun of an episode about Homer's mother for the writers was that they were able to solve several little puzzles, such as where Lisa's intelligence came from. The ending shot with Homer gazing at the sky was decided at the table read, but the drawing at the end was inserted by David Silverman because it was felt that the scene was so touching that no other lines were needed. As a result, no promos were aired over the credits during the original airing of the episode. Bill Oakley has admitted that he always gets teary-eyed when he watches the ending.
Glenn Close, who was directed by Josh Weinstein, was convinced to do the episode partially because of James L. Brooks. Mona Simpson was designed in a way so that she has little bit of Homer in her face, such as the shape of her upper lip and her nose. There were several design changes because the directors were trying to make her an attractive older and younger woman, but still be Simpson-esque. The inspiration for the character comes from Bernardine Dohrn of the Weather Underground, although the writers acknowledge that several people fit her description. Mona Simpson's crime was intentionally the least violent crime the writers could think of, as she did not harm anyone and was only caught because she came back to help Mr. Burns. The character was named after Richard Appel's wife at the time, the novelist Mona Simpson. When Mona gets in the van, her voice is done by Pamela Hayden because Glenn Close could not say "d'oh!" properly and thus they used the original temp track recorded by Hayden.
The design of Joe Friday is based on his design in "Dragged Net!", a parody of "Dragnet" that was done in "Mad Magazine" in the 1950s. Mona becoming a radical after seeing Joe Namath's sideburns is a parody of how many 60's movies have a sudden transformational moment and play music such as "Turn! Turn! Turn!" and there was much discussion among the writers as to what that moment should be. The song originally intended to be taped over Mr. Burns' cassette of "Ride of the Valkyries" was "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go", but it was too expensive to clear, so ABBA’s "Waterloo" was selected instead.
Cultural references.
"Mother Simpson" draws upon a number of references to 1960s popular culture. Three songs from the 1960s appear in this episode: "Sunshine of Your Love" by Cream, "Blowin' in the Wind" by Bob Dylan and the Jimi Hendrix cover of "All Along the Watchtower". Mona Simpson is seen reading "Steal This Book" by Abbie Hoffman. Mona mentions that she worked a number of jobs while on the run, including "marketing Jerry Rubin’s line of diet shakes, proofreading Bobby Seale’s cookbook, and running credit checks at Tom Hayden’s Porsche dealership." Rubin, Seale and Hayden were three liberal radicals from the 1960s. Rubin did indeed have a line of diet shakes, and Bobby Seale did write some cookbooks. However, Tom Hayden never owned a Porsche dealership.
The radicals use a Spiro Agnew alarm clock, which is based on a real item. When Mr. Burns drives a tank towards the Simpson house, he is wearing oversized headgear. This is a reference to a public relations stunt by Michael Dukakis in 1988. When Mr. Burns plays a tape of "Ride of the Valkyries", it has been recorded over by Smithers with "Waterloo" by ABBA, a reference to Smithers' implied homosexuality (ABBA has a large gay following) and to the helicopter beach attack scene in "Apocalypse Now", in which "Ride of the Valkyries" is famously played. Maggie is shown dancing in her diaper and covered in slogans in a parody of the filler scenes of "Laugh-In" in which Goldie Hawn and other female cast members like Ruth Buzzi and Jo Anne Worley danced in a bikini with slogans and drawings painted on their bodies. The two FBI agents are Joe Friday and Bill Gannon from "Dragnet". Bill Gannon is voiced by Harry Morgan, the man who played Gannon in the original series.
Reception.
In its original broadcast, "Mother Simpson" finished 45th in ratings for the week of October 30 - November 5, 1995, with a Nielsen rating of 10.0, equivalent to approximately 9.6 million viewing households. It was the fourth highest-rated show on the Fox network that week, following "Beverly Hills, 90210", "The X-Files" and "Melrose Place".
"Mother Simpson" is one of Oakley and Weinstein's favorite episodes; they have called it a perfect combination of real emotion, good jokes and an interesting story. In 1996, "Treehouse of Horror VI" was submitted for the Emmy Award in the "Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming less than One Hour)" category because it had a 3D animation sequence, which they felt would have given it the edge. "Pinky and the Brain" eventually went on to win. Bill Oakley feels that had this episode been submitted, it would have easily won. The joke about Homer apparently being familiar with Walt Whitman is one of David Silverman's favorite jokes.
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide" praised the episode, calling it "Gag-packed, and very touching". "The Quindecim", a college newspaper, published a top 25 "The Simpsons" episodes list and placed "Mother Simpson" in 19th place. IGN.com ranked the Glenn Close's performance as the 25th best guest appearance in the show's history. In 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" named Close one of the 16 best "Simpsons" guest stars.

</doc>
