<doc id="2894295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894295" title="Bibeltemplet">
Bibeltemplet

Bibeltemplet (the Bible temple) is a Christian website in Sweden, whose administrator Leif Liljeström was sentenced in April 2005 to two months in prison for holding and expressing critical views on homosexuality. The case was appealed twice, and the Supreme Court of Sweden acquitted Liljeström in November 2007.
Court of first instance.
According to the lower Court in 2005, the administrator was guilty of "incitement against a group of people" for statements he himself had written, and for crime against "the law on electronic bulletin boards", for guest-messages which he neglected to delete. Liljeström told the court that his purpose is to preach the gospel and win people for Jesus, and that the truth is needed to awake people. Among the statements that led to the verdict were the following: "The modern homophilia is the source and engine behind the AIDS-epidemic", and "AIDS is a punishment from God against sodomy". The view that there should be a "death penalty for homosexual acts" was also uttered on the website by a guest, but that was repudiated by Leif Liljeström directly in the forum. Still, he was convicted to prison also for the guest's statements.
Appeals Court.
In April 2006, an appeals court in Gothenburg acquitted Liljestrom of the hate-speech and website content charges, but found him guilty of being an accomplice to hate-speech for allowing third parties to post offensive material on his website. The appeals court sentenced Liljestrom to one month's imprisonment.
The Supreme Court.
Liljestrom then filed an appeal to the Gothenburg court decision. The Supreme Court in Stockholm decided to accept the case, and on November 7, 2007, after more than four years of struggle (counting from the day he was reported to the police in October, 2003), he was finally acquitted of all charges.
The case has many similarities with the case of Åke Green, and is expected to be seen as a guideline for coming justice in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="2894298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894298" title="Dried meat">
Dried meat

Dried meat is a feature of many cuisines around the world. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="2894303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894303" title="Lapo Elkann">
Lapo Elkann

Lapo Eduard Elkann (born October 7, 1977) is a New York-born Italian entrepreneur, former Fiat marketing manager. He has been manager of brand promotion at Fiat Automobiles, Group Fiat, and is currently president of LA Holding, Italia Independent and Independent Ideas.
Life and career.
Member of the famous Agnelli family, Elkann was born in New York City, the son of Countess Margherita Agnelli de Pahlen and the American-born Italian writer Alain Elkann. He is the brother of John Elkann, the current Chairman of Fiat and the Chairman and CEO of Exor, an investment company controlled by the Agnelli family, which owns Juventus F.C., Cushman & Wakefield. Elkann is a grandson of famous Fiat chairman and style icon Gianni Agnelli and the famous art collector, noblewoman, socialite and style icon Marella Agnelli, born Donna Marella Caracciolo di Castagneto, as daughter of Don Filippo Caracciolo, 8th Prince of Castagneto, 3rd Duke of Melito, and a hereditary Patrician of Naples, and therefore member of the high Napolitan nobility. He is also a nephew of Don Carlo Caracciolo, 9th Prince of Castagneto, 3rd Duke of Melito, and a hereditary Patrician of Naples, that founded Gruppo Editoriale L’Espresso - owner of the newspaper "la Repubblica", the largest circulation Italian daily general-interest newspaper -, one of Italy's leading publishing groups, being known as "the editor prince," referring to his aristocratic birth and elegant manner. Elkann is also a stepson of Russian nobleman Count Sergei de Pahlen. In addition to his brother, John, he has a sister, Ginevra Elkann, and five half-siblings by his mother's second marriage: Maria, Pierre, Sophia, Anna, and Tatiana. He is also the grand-nephew of Ettore Ovazza.
His father is Jewish and his mother is Catholic. He tends to think of himself as Jewish.
In 2001, he worked as a personal assistant to Henry Kissinger. He was a marketing associate for Ferrari and Maserati. In 2003, he became Fiat's Director of Marketing. He coordinated the reinvention of classics like the Fiat Punto and Fiat 500. He received the America Award of the Italy-USA Foundation in 2011. 
He then left the family group to create the first of his companies: Italia Independent, a lifestyle and clothing brand, featuring products conceived, developed, and produced in Italy. In 2007 he founded Independent Ideas, a communication and advertising agency.
In 2011, Lapo supported the development of the 500 by Gucci, a special edition of the car he relaunched years before, on which he worked along with Gucci's creative director Frida Giannini.
Since 2011 he works as a consultant for Ferrari, for whom he runs the project Ferrari Tailor Made, launched together with Luca Cordero di Montezemolo to let Ferrari's clients customize their own supercar.
Fashion.
"Vanity Fair" magazine listed him in its Best Dressed Hall of Fame of 2009. The magazine has previously named him on such lists. Nicknamed "Lapo of luxury" he was on the 2008 International Best Dressed List.
Italia Independent.
In June 2013 Lapo listed his company "Italia Independent" on the Milan Stock Exchange, Alternative Listing for a good start on the exchange, the funds will be used to expand sales of his eyewear stock in Europe and Switzerland 

</doc>
<doc id="2894304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894304" title="Jack White (reporter)">
Jack White (reporter)

Jack White (1942 – October 12, 2005) was a veteran Rhode Island journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of President Richard Nixon's underpayment of income taxes. White's investigative article prompted Nixon to utter his famous line, "I am not a crook." White also won Emmy Awards for his reporting on fugitive banker Joe Mollicone and Providence tax officials who violated the city's residency requirement. He was considered the dean of organized crime reporting in Rhode Island.
Career.
White also worked as an investigative reporter at WPRI-TV in Providence. He began his career at the "Newport Daily News" in 1969, and joined the "Providence Journal-Evening Bulletin" a year later. White made the transition to television in 1979, when he joined the investigative team at WBZ-TV in Boston. He worked as a reporter and columnist for the "Cape Cod Times" from 1981 to 1984 before joining WPRI-TV as chief investigative reporter in 1985.
Nixon scandal.
White's Pulitzer-winning scoop almost didn't happen. Working off a tip and tax documents, White learned that Nixon failed to pay a large portion of his income taxes in 1970 and 1971. The night he was prepared to write the story, in September 1973, the union representing reporters at the newspaper voted to go on strike. White would later recall rolling the story out of his typewriter, folding it up and putting it in his wallet. He said he never thought about giving the story to management, even though he risked missing the story. "I was dreading the information I had was going to get out there. Every day I was checking out-of-town newspapers," he later told "The Providence Journal". Twelve days later, the strike ended, and the story ran on October 3, 1973. At an Associated Press Managing Editors convention the following month, one of White's colleagues asked Nixon about the story, and Nixon replied, "People have got to know whether or not their president is a crook. Well, I am not a crook." Nixon agreed to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in back taxes. The final total was $432,787.13 plus interest.
Personal life.
White died in Barnstable, Massachusetts at the age of 63.
Jack's son, Tim White, is now the chief investigative reporter at WPRI-TV, as part of the Target 12 Investigators.
External links.
Obituary links (may be volatile):

</doc>
<doc id="2894319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894319" title="Robert Luketic">
Robert Luketic

Robert Luketic (born 1 November 1973) is an Australian film director. He directed the films "Monster-in-Law", "Legally Blonde" and "21".
Early life.
Robert Luketic was born in Sydney, Australia, the elder of two children of an Italian mother and Croatian father.
Career.
Luketic cultivated his film career early when he won his first award for "Best Film" at the ATOM Film Festival at the age of 15. Luketic went on to study at the Victorian College of Arts – School of Film and Television (VCA), one of Australia's most prestigious film schools.
He first attracted Hollywood's attention with his award-winning short film "Titsiana Booberini". After screening to much acclaim at several festivals within Australia, "Titsiana Booberini" became a hit at many internationally renowned festivals including the Sundance Film Festival. It won "Best Film" at the Aspen Shortsfest.
Luketic directed the comedy "Legally Blonde" for MGM in the summer of 2001. This film, which grossed close to $100 million domestically and was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards, marked Luketic's feature film directing debut.
Next, Luketic directed the DreamWorks Pictures film "Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!". The 2003 film, produced by Doug Wick and Lucy Fisher at Red Wagon, stars Kate Bosworth, Nathan Lane, Josh Duhamel and Topher Grace. In 2005, he directed "Monster-in-Law", starring Jennifer Lopez, Jane Fonda (who had come out of a 15-year hiatus for this film) and Michael Vartan.
In 2008, Luketic released "21", based on the book "Bringing Down the House" by Ben Mezrich. The film tells the true story of five MIT students who became experts at counting cards and subsequently took Vegas casinos for millions in winnings. The film stars Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth, Jim Sturgess and Laurence Fishburne. 
He directed the romantic comedy "The Ugly Truth", which opened in July 2009. Starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler, the film follows a morning show producer (Heigl) who sets out to disprove the outrageous relationship theories of her chauvinistic correspondent (Butler). Luketic next directed the action-comedy "Killers", starring Heigl and Ashton Kutcher.

</doc>
<doc id="2894324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894324" title="Julian Reed">
Julian Reed

Julian Alexander Arnott Reed (born January 27, 1936) is a Canadian politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985, and in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. Reed is a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
He was born in Toronto, Ontario, and educated at Ontario Agricultural College at the University of Guelph. He worked as a farmer, and was also a professional actor.
Reed was first elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1975 provincial election as a member of the Ontario Liberal Party, defeating Progressive Conservative candidate Gary Dawkins by 463 votes in Halton—Burlington. He was re-elected in the elections of 1977 and 1981. The Progressive Conservatives were the governing party in Ontario throughout this period, and Reed served for ten years as a member of the opposition. He did not seek re-election in 1985.
He returned to political life in the 1993 federal election, defeating Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Garth Turner by 3,991 votes in Halton—Peel. He was re-elected by greater margins in the 1997 and 2000 campaigns, and served as a backbench supporter of the Jean Chrétien and Paul Martin administrations. Reed did not seek re-election in 2004.
Reed was a supporter of renewable energy throughout his political career, and was the keynote speaker at a 2002 meeting of the Canadian Solar Industries Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2894327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894327" title="Amherst's Decree">
Amherst's Decree

Amherst's Decree was a general order given by Gen. Jeffery Amherst, commander of British forces in North America, in February 1761. The order halted the longtime tradition of presenting visiting Native American chieftains with gifts, especially gunpowder and lead shot. While gift giving was generally acknowledged as a diplomatic gesture of goodwill, Amherst viewed it as "excessive coddling" which was financially costly to the British government. The decree initiated a period of increasing distrust between British and Native American tribes and is considered by historians as one of the factors leading to Pontiac's Rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="2894328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894328" title="Life-Like">
Life-Like

Life-Like Products LLC (now Life-Like Toy and Hobby division of Wm. K. Walthers) is a manufacturer of model railroad products and is based in Baltimore, Maryland. 
It was founded in the 1950s by a company that pioneered extruded foam ice chests under the Lifoam trademark. Because ice chests are a summer seasonal item, the company needed a way to keep the factory operating year round. As model railroading was becoming popular in the post-war years, they saw this as an opportunity and so manufactured extruded foam tunnels for model trains. Over the years, Life-Like expanded into other scenery items, finally manufacturing rolling stock beginning in the late 1960s. At some point in the early 1970s, Life-Like purchased Varney Inc. and began to produce the former Varney line as its own.
In 2005, the company, now known as Lifoam Industries, LLC, decided to concentrate on their core products of extruded foam and sold their model railroad operations to Wm. K. Walthers.
Proto 2000 line of products.
The company was well known and highly regarded by hobbyists for its Proto 1000 and Proto 2000 line. These locomotives and freight cars were the best detailed for their price class, and even older, used examples are in high demand by hobbyists. Parts are readily available as the earlier drive systems are clones of Athearn drives and later drives are Kato clones.
Some early Proto examples such as the EMD BL2, GP18, GP20, GP9, SD9 and Alco FA-2 were plagued with Chinese-made axle gears that would crack, causing the unit to run erratically or with loud "thumping" sounds. This problem was not exclusive to Life-like and also affected other manufacturers (like Bachmann) that manufactured models in China. The company honored its lifetime warranty on these units; one needed only to contact the company to obtain free replacements. With Walthers' purchase of the company, the warranty continued to be honored as before, however changes in the industry has made replacement parts harder to obtain. Contacting their Customer Service Department will still sometimes yield free replacements although replacement parts are more and more frequently out of stock. Because of this, more and more modelers are opting to skip Walthers Customer Service and buy original Athrean gears which are identical because the drives were cloned. The gearing problem has continued to plague various manufacturers using Chinese parts to this day.
Starting in 1996, Life-Like began releasing HO scale freight cars under the Proto 2000 banner. These cars feature the same level of detailing as their locomotive counterparts. Complaints were received from various modelers as the small detail parts were easily lost or broken, so Life-Like now offers the cars in kit or ready-to-run form.
Proto 1000 line of products.
The Proto 1000 line originally was created to compete with Athearn products at a lower price point. The detailing was not as extensive as with the Proto 2000 line (as an example, details like grab irons or uncoupling bars were not included) so as to provide a model that was more resilient to handling by, and more attractive at lower price to, less-experienced modelers. However, the line included the proven smooth Proto 2000 drive, and the models would run as well as their better detailed, more expensive Proto 2000 cousins. Models released under the Proto 1000 line include the Budd RDC-1, -2, -3 and -4, Alco RS-2, Fairbanks-Morse "Erie-Built," and EMD F3 in A and B configuration. 
The Canadian distributor for Life-Like products, Canadian Hobbycraft, saw a missing segment in the HO scale market for Canadian model prototypes. Working with Life-Like, models like the Fairbanks-Morse C-liner(CFA-16-4) and MLW RS-10 and RS-18 were made available. Oddly, these models feature the fine detail of Proto 2000 models, but were badged under the Proto 1000 line. With a few modifications these models were offered in the US market with US roadnames, and in the case of the RS-10/RS-18, the tooling modified to produce the US version, the Alco RS-11.
Life-Like took the tooling for three of their former train-set line freight cars and upgraded the tracking capabilities to match Proto 2000 standards. Along with Kadee-compatible couplers and upgraded paint schemes, these inexpensive cars are popular with model railroaders for their smooth tracking and low price point.
Train Set quality products.
Life-Like still offers train sets using their older, lower-quality but less expensive line of products. They usually come with their Power-Loc brand of integrated roadbed track (originated in 1996 as the first HO track system that connects without the need of traditional rail joiners), along with action accessories such as an operating log dump station and car or railroad crossing with operating gates, building kits (usually a snap-together train station or their older "trackside shanty" kits), and additional accessories such as autos, trees, figures, signs and utility poles, to help make the most out of starting a model railroad. Most locomotives in these sets are either high-nose or low-nose GP38-2, F7, F40PH, or 0-4-0 with tender, and roadnames include Santa Fe, Union Pacific, Chessie System, and Amtrak.
The locomotives and rolling stock are also equipped with the older horn-hook couplers used on many HO locomotives and rolling stock from other manufacturers until the 1990s, making Life-Like one of the few HO model railroad manufacturers today to still offer trains with horn-hook couplers.
Other countries.
Models of Australian rolling stock are also produced.

</doc>
<doc id="2894329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894329" title="Fijian municipal election, 2002">
Fijian municipal election, 2002

Fiji's municipal elections of October 2002 produced results that allowed three major political parties, the United Fiji Party (SDL), the Fiji Labour Party (FLP), and the National Federation Party (NFP) to claim a victory of sorts. The elections, which take place every three years, were for two city councils and ten town councils throughout Fiji.
Results by municipality.
The results showed considerable variation from one municipality to another, indicating that local rather than national issues played a prominent role in the election. The NFP, which suffered disastrous defeats in the national elections of 1999 and 2001, failing to win a single seat in the House of Representatives, remained strong at the municipal level, while the SDL and the FLP, despite their fierce and sometimes bitter rivalry in national politics, forged an alliance after the election to control the Suva City Council.
Suva.
The Ratepayers Alliance, a coalition dominated by the NFP, won 8 of the 20 seats on the Suva City Council. The SDL won 7 and the FLP, 5. The Ratepayers Alliance and the SDL initially formed a coalition to reelect Chandu Umaria as Lord Mayor, but the coalition fell apart a year later when the SDL forged an alliance with the FLP to elect Ratu Peni Volavola to the office. 
FLP support was concentrated in the Samabula Ward, where it won all five seats. In previous municipal election, held in 1999 the FLP had won no seats on the city council.
Nadi.
The NFP retained its hold on the Nadi Town Council, winning 10 of the 15 seats. The other 5 seats, all from the Martintar Ward, were won by the FLP, which had won no seats in 1999.
Lautoka.
The FLP retained control of the Lautoka City Council, winning 10 of the 15 seats. The remaining 5 seats, all from the Waiyavi Ward, were won by the SDL.
Ba Town.
The NFP-dominated Ratepayers Alliance made a clean sweep, winning all 15 seats on the Ba Town Council.
Labasa.
The Ratepayers Alliance, dominated by the NFP, won 10 of the 12 seats. The remaining 2 were won by the FLP.
Savusavu.
The election for control of the Savusavu Town Council was fought entirely between locally organized groups with no ties to national political parties. Of the 9 seats, the Lighthouse won 6 and Sunrise 2. 
Nasinu.
The SDL narrowly won control of the 21-member Nasinu Town Council, taking 11 seats, against 10 for the FLP.
Lami.
The Ratepayers Association extended its 17-year hold on the Lami Town Council by winning another term.
Controversies.
The FLP made allegations of electoral fraud in the Towns of Ba and Labasa. People living outside the municipal boundaries were allegedly enrolled as voters. According to the FLP, electoral authorities ignored 300 such cases in Labasa. In all municipalities, there were reports of voters finding that their names had not been registered on the final roll, despite appearing on the provisional one; the FLP claimed that a number of these were known supporters of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="2894330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894330" title="Northeast U.S. flooding of October 2005">
Northeast U.S. flooding of October 2005

In October 2005, remnants of Tropical Storm Tammy and Subtropical Depression Twenty-Two merged with incoming continental cold fronts to produce torrential rains over interior New England, as well as over parts of New Jersey and New York. Particularly hard hit was the state of New Hampshire, which saw roads and bridges wiped out, several reported deaths, and whole buildings destroyed. Rain lingered over some areas for several weeks. Rainfall from both rain events totaled well over in some areas.
Effects by state.
Rhode Island.
With of rain in October 2005, T. F. Green Airport recorded its wettest month ever. During October 13–15, rainfall was heaviest in central and eastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The NWS reported rainfall amounts of 4 to 7 inches (100 to 175 mm) in central and eastern Massachusetts and 7 to 9 inches (175 to 225 mm) in Rhode Island. A state of emergency was declared for the state, and thousands were without power. At least 100 residents were evacuated after swift rises in local rivers, and Red Cross shelters were set up throughout the state. The Pawtuxet River, at Cranston and Warwick, recorded its second-worst flood, at a stage of 13.68 feet (4.17 m). The Blackstone River, at Woonsocket, also recorded its second-worst flood, at a stage of 15.34 feet (4.68 m). The Woonasquatucket River in Providence and Central Falls recorded a new flood record, at 8.3 feet (2.53 m). Damage in Rhode Island totaled $1.6 million (2005 USD).
Connecticut.
Thousands of homes and businesses lost power, primarily in Bridgeport. Localized flooding was reported in certain areas of Connecticut: one death occurred when a woman was swept away at Diana's Pool on the Natchaug River, and another woman fell into the churning Connecticut River. In addition, the rains softened the soil, creating mudslides that damaged a lengthy stretch of railroad tracks near Naugatuck, interrupting service. Residents in low-lying areas of Shelton, Seymour, Stratford, and Oxford were evacuated as heavy rains forced the Housatonic River out of its banks, inundating homes and businesses. It was the wettest October on record for Hartford. Damage totaled to $6 million (2005 USD).
Massachusetts.
Severe inland flooding resulted in $6.5 million in damage. In Greenfield, a trailer park was destroyed, leaving at least 70 people homeless. Officials evacuated 2,000 residents of Taunton when the failing Whittenton Pond Dam threatened to collapse and submerge the city under 8 feet (2.44 meters) of water. The Massachusetts National Guard drained the reservoir behind the 173-year wooden dam using five high-volume pumps. Once the reservoir was drained, evacuees were allowed to return to their homes, and the Army Corps of Engineers removed the old structure and replaced it with an earthen dam.
New Hampshire.
The state of New Hampshire was one of the hardest hit from flooding and mudslides, particularly in the southwestern part. The town of Alstead was especially hard hit, as the Cold River and its tributaries substantially overflowed due to the heavy rain and water flowing downstream, inundating the community. The city of Keene received over of rain, flooding communities near Beaver Brook and the lower Ashuelot River. More than 1,000 people were forced to evacuate their homes in the region. Seven deaths were confirmed in the state. In some areas, entire houses were washed off of their foundations. Damages totaled $15.8 million (2005 USD), primarily in Cheshire County. The storm dropped nearly of liquid precipitation, including nearly of snow on the summit of Mount Washington, as recorded by the Mount Washington Observatory. This contributed to a record-setting month on the peak with "the world's worst weather," which recorded of rain, a record for any month since 1934, and of snow, a record for the month of October.
New Jersey.
Flooding was reported in several parts of northern New Jersey. Bergen and Passaic counties were hardest hit, as floodwaters covered several communities to varying degrees. In most places, flooding was the worst seen since 1999's Hurricane Floyd. 
Several rivers, including the Pequannock River, Passaic River and Ramapo River, overflowed their banks. Evacuation orders were issued for parts of the towns of Bound Brook, Lodi, Oakland and Westwood during the peak of the flooding. Coastal flooding was also reported along parts of the Jersey Shore. A statewide state of emergency was declared by Governor Richard Codey.
New York.
Coastal flooding was a problem on Long Island, and severe beach erosion was reported in many areas. It was the wettest October on record for Central Park.
Maine.
Minor to moderate flooding occurred across the southern half of the state, in such cities as Portland, Bar Harbor, and Bangor. In Bangor, a total of 13.32 inches (338 mm) of rain was measured during the month, making it the rainiest month in history.

</doc>
<doc id="2894351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894351" title="Ginevra Elkann">
Ginevra Elkann

Ginevra Elkann (born 24 September 1979) is an Italian apprentice film director, and, as granddaughter of Gianni Agnelli, is among the heirs to the largest fortune in modern Italian history. She married Giovanni Gaetani dell’Aquila d’Aragona in a Roman Catholic ceremony in Marrakesh (Morocco) on 25 April 2009. She has two sons with her husband: Giacomo (born 15 August 2009) and Pietro (born 31 October 2012).
Life and career.
She is the daughter of Margherita Agnelli and the French-Italian writer Alain Elkann. She has two older brothers John Elkann and Lapo Elkann. Her maternal grandparents are princess and socialite Marella Agnelli and the industrialist Gianni Agnelli. Her brother, the industrialist John Elkann, is Chairman of the Fiat group of companies. Her father is Jewish and her mother is Catholic, and she was raised Catholic She is the grand-niece of Ettore Ovazza.
Elkann worked as third assistant director on Bernardo Bertolucci’s 1998 film L’assedio, and was video assistant on Anthony Minghella’s The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999). Later she studied film directing at the London Film School and in 2005 her 6th term graduation film, the nine-minute "Vado a messa" (“I’m going to Mass”), was screened during a “Cinema Schools” special event at the 62nd Venice International Film Festival. Asked whether she had any particular subjects in mind for a feature-length film, she mentioned two: a thriller set in the world of synchronized swimming, and an adaptation of her father’s story "Piazza Carignano", which concerns a Fascist Jew. It is inspired by the story of her father's side of the family, who were the influential Ovazza banking family (early allies and important financial patrons of Mussolini)

</doc>
<doc id="2894354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894354" title="Jerzy Linderski">
Jerzy Linderski

Jerzy Linderski (born 21 August 1934) is a Polish contemporary scholar of ancient history and Roman religion and law.
Currently George L. Paddison Professor of Latin "Emeritus" at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Jerzy Linderski is one of the foremost classical philologists and Roman historians of the modern era. He earned his Ph.D. from the University of Kraków in Poland in 1960. He has served on the faculties of the University of Oregon and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. His scholarship has concentrated, in particular, on topics of Roman religion and augury, Roman law and Latin epigraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="2894358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894358" title="John George Brown">
John George Brown

John George Brown (November 11, 1831 – February 8, 1913) was a British citizen and an American painter born in Durham, England on November 11, 1831. He studied at Newcastle-on-Tyne in the Edinburgh Academy. His parents apprenticed him to the career of glass worker at the age of fourteen in an attempt to dissuade him from pursuing painting. After moving to New York City in 1853, he studied with Thomas Seir Cummings at the National Academy of Design where he was elected a National Academician in 1861. Brown was the Academy's vice-president from 1899 to 1904. 
Around 1855, he worked for the owner of the Brooklyn Glass Company, and later he married the daughter of his employer. His father-in-law encouraged his artistic abilities, supporting him financially, letting Brown pursue painting full-time. In 1866, he became one of the charter members of the Water-Color Society, of which he was president from 1887 to 1904. Brown became famous for his depictions of street urchins found on the streets of New York (bootblacks, street musicians, posy sellers, newsboys, etc.). 
His "Passing Show" (Paris, Salon, 1877) and "Street Boys at Play" (Paris Exhibition, 1900) are good examples of his popular talent. Brown's art is best characterized as British genre paintings adapted to American subjects. Essentially literary, Brown's paintings are executed with precise detail, but poor in color, and more popular with the general public than with connoisseurs.
Quotes.
Brown was one of the most successful genre painters of the late 19th century. He worked as a glassblower in Brooklyn and proceeded to open a studio in 1860, launching his artistic career with a painting entitled "His First Cigar". 
  His paintings of cheery street urchins, vendors and shoeshine boys were quite popular with wealthy collectors. However, Brown falsified his subjects as always happy and healthy with just a touch of grime for cosmetics. These scenes were really below his artistic ability, but Brown did not want to cause social alarm among patrons. Many of Brown's paintings were reproduced in lithography and widely distributed with packaged teas. The royalties earned from one lithograph were $25,000. Brown's financial success allowed for him to paint country landscape paintings for pleasure. John George Brown exhibited many of his paintings at the National Academy of Design from 1858–1900, where he also taught for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="2894361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894361" title="Marion Fairfax">
Marion Fairfax

Marion Fairfax (October 24, 1875 – October 2, 1970) was an American screenwriter and playwright.
Born as Marion Neiswanger in Richmond, Virginia, her best-known credit was the screenplay for "The Lost World" (1925). She was married to actor Tully Marshall from 1899 until his death in 1943. She did not remarry.
Her contributions as a playwright include "The Builders" (1907), "The Chaperon" (1908), "The Talker" (1912), "A Modern Girl" (1914), "Mrs. Boltay's Daughters" (1915), and a 1908 adaption of the novel "Mr. Crewe's Career".
Death.
Marion Fairfax died in Los Angeles, California, aged 94.

</doc>
<doc id="2894373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894373" title="Pallaskenry">
Pallaskenry

Pallaskenry () is a village in County Limerick, Ireland. The village is located about west of Limerick city close to the River Shannon estuary. The town is reached by travelling about five kilometres (~3 miles) north off the N69 National Route that runs west from the city. Pallaskenry is a satellite town of Limerick city, many of its inhabitants work in the city but many also work in Shannon Town, County Clare (north across the estuary), and Askeaton, a town further west of Pallaskenry.
A pier on the Shannon Estuary is located a couple of kilometres further north of the town, at Ringmoylan. This point is almost directly across the estuary from Shannon Town, and offers a good view of aeroplanes landing and taking off at Shannon Airport.
Education.
Pallaskenry has a primary school (with 168 students) and a secondary school (Salesian Secondary College, formerly Copsewood College, with approximately 530 students), and a creche in their community centre. Author Darren Shan attended Copsewood College, and has lived close to the village most of his life. He opened the Primary School's new school library in June 2008. He read a paragraph of 'Cirque De Freak' and some of the children dressed up as characters from his books. Copsewood also is home to Pallaskenry Agricultural College.
Sport.
Pallaskenry GAA Club is one of the oldest GAA clubs in Limerick founded in 1906.
History.
There are several castles in the area, including Cullam Castle, Ballyculhane Castle, Kenry Castle and Dromore Castle. Dromore Castle is unusual in that it was built late in the 19th century in the style of a fairytale castle.
There have been a few interesting finds in the area, including the Shannongrove Collar which was found at a depth of 12 feet in a bog on lands granted to Phineas Bury during Cromwellian plantations. A bone crucifix was found in the 1950s at Dog's Island, the boggy ground between Dromore Lake and a very small lake east of it.
Population.
The population in the 2011 census was listed as being 664 people. This had increaded from 469 people twenty years earlier. http://www.citypopulation.de/php/ireland.php?cityid=0766

</doc>
<doc id="2894382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894382" title="Emerson College of Herbology">
Emerson College of Herbology

Emerson College of Herbology was one of the first schools of Herbal Medicine founded in North America. This college taught the science of Herbology. It was based in Montreal, Canada.
The history of Emerson College of Herbology can be traced back to 1888. In this year Dr. Max Thuna immigrated from his native Austria to New York City. Dr. Thuna was a Master Herbalist and opened his first herbal store in New York City soon after his arrival. Dr. Thuna eventually relocated to Canada and went on to open twenty-five herbal shops across the country.
Following in his father's footsteps, Dr. Jack Thuna became a Master Herbalist and a practicing Homeopathic Doctor. He founded Emerson College of Herbology in the mid-1950s in order to spread his families understanding of the natural healing elements of herbs to others of like mind. The course of study was initially offered primarily via a correspondence format when it operated from Dr. Thuna's, Pointe-Claire, Quebec clinic. Dr. Thuna eventually moved from this clinic and rented the ground floor of a large multi story building in Montreal; located at 11 Street. and Catherine Street East. This location is in downtown Montreal. From there he ran a large wholesale herbal sales operation and established the new home of Emerson College of Herbology.
With the additional room afforded by the new location, Dr. Thuna was able to offer a more diverse program of study in Herbology. By 1977 Dr. Thuna and Professor C.C. Bell were able to provide extensive classroom instruction. In addition, they instituted the requirement of writing of a thesis for students who wished to explore the science of Herbology to greater depths, and graduate from the college. Because the wholesale herb business was housed at this location as well, the students were able to examine and work with numerous specimens of exotic medicinal plants, gaining deep insight into the science of Herbology.
During this period, upon graduation, the college began offering a detailed transcript of courses taken and grades received. This was because Dr. Thuna felt that some of the courses may be accepted in transfer at traditional schools of medicine.
In 1978 Dr. Robert Mohr Wyndham, an alumnus of the college, began serving as a consultant chemist to the college's advanced program. He served in this position until late in 1980. At this time Dr. Thuna, who was then eighty-four years old, notified him that he would no longer be able to offer the advance program of Herbal education due to his failing health. 
Emerson College of Herbology closed its doors in 1992. The family has, however, continued forward and has a flourishing Canadian based company offering high quality herbs.
The college offered Bachelor of Science and Master of Herbology, M.H. degrees to its student body. The M.H. program usually lasted 2–3 years. Many of the graduates of this college make up the who's who in the world of modern Homeopathic Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2894385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894385" title="James Reyne">
James Reyne

James Reyne OAM (born James Michael Nugent Reyne on 19 May 1957 in Lagos, Nigeria) is an Australian rock musician and singer/songwriter both as a member of the iconic 1980s band Australian Crawl and solo work.
Biography.
Early years.
Reyne was born in Nigeria to an Australian mother and English diplomat father. The family moved to Victoria, Australia in the early 1960s. Reyne lived in Mount Eliza, Victoria, was educated at The Peninsula School and then went on to study drama at the Victorian College of Arts. He formed a band called Spiff Rouch containing fellow locals Bill McDonough, Guy McDonough, Brad Robinson, Paul Williams, Robert Walker, Mark Hudson and Simon Binks. By early 1978, Spiff Rouch had split with Reyne forming Clutch Cargo with Binks, Robinson, Williams and his younger brother David Reyne.
Australian Crawl.
In late 1978, Clutch Cargo was renamed Australian Crawl and started to gain popularity on the pub circuit. David Reyne left to continue an acting course and was replaced by Bill McDonough. Australian Crawl made a memorable debut on popular music TV series Countdown. Reyne performed with both arms in plaster casts, a result of injuries sustained after being hit by a car. The band went on to sell more than 1 million albums in Australia in the 1980s, creating several memorable songs that still resonate within Australian culture and on Australian radio today. Their most popular songs are "Reckless", "Beautiful People", "Errol", "The Boys Light Up", "Things Don't Seem", "Oh No Not You Again" and "Downhearted". They were voted "Countdown" 1981 Most Popular Group and Reyne was 1980 and 1981 Most Popular Male Performer. After the band split up in 1986, Reyne went on to a successful solo career.
Solo career/1990s.
Whilst still with Australian Crawl, Reyne formed a duet with Lin Buckfield of Electric Pandas to release a 1985 single "R.O.C.K." / "Under My Thumb".
In 1987, Reyne released his self titled debut solo album. After subsequently releasing the hit single "Fall Of Rome", which reached #5 on the Australian charts, the album was re-packaged with "Motors Too Fast" (#6 Aria Charts) replacing the song "Coin in A Plate" which had appeared on the original version. Ultimately the debut album would spawn 6 hit singles, including "Hammerhead" (#8 Aria Charts), "Heaven On A Stick", "Rip It Up" and "Always The Way".
His debut was followed in May 1989 by his next solo release "Hard Reyne", which featured the hits "House of Cards" (#17 Aria Charts) and "One More River" (#22 Aria Charts). The album was produced By Simon Hussey. The project was launched with a live televised performance on Australia's MTV program on the Nine Network and an Australian Tour in late 1989. A further two singles; "Trouble In Paradise" (Oct 1989) and "Harvest Moon" (Jan 1990) completed the album.
In 1991 "Electric Digger Dandy" was released. Mindful of the American market (where the album was released under the title of "Any Day Above Ground"), Electric Digger Dandy included a re-vamped version of the Australian Crawl hit "Reckless" as well as a cover of John Hiatt's "Stood Up", a duet with American Blues legend Tony Joe White. Single releases from the album included "Slave" (#10 Aria Charts), "Any Day Above Ground" and "Some People". It remains Reyne's biggest commercial release reaching #3 on the Australian Music Charts.
In 1992 he recorded a duet with country singer James Blundell (a cover of the "The Dingoes" song, "Way Out West"). It hit #2 on the Australian charts – still James' biggest solo single. 
Later that year he joined former Sherbet frontman Daryl Braithwaite, Jef Scott and Simon Hussey to create the album Company of Strangers – an album that spawned four Top 100 singles. All three of these releases went platinum multiple times and contained several top 10 hits. These included Motor City (I Get Lost), Sweet Love, Daddy's Gonna Make You A Star and Baby You're A Rich Man.
October 1994 saw the release of James' critically acclaimed fourth album on the RooArt label – "The Whiff Of Bedlam", recorded in Los Angeles with Stewart Levine. The first single release was "Red Light Avenue" and followed by "Day In The Sun" (Dec 1994)and "It's Only Natural" (April 1995). James performed "Day In The Sun" on the Australian Music Awards held in Queensland in November 1994. James also toured the album across Australia in the summer of 1994.
Following on from a successful Australian Tour, James and his band continued overseas to Europe, UK and South America. Recorded live in South America, the double-album "Live In Rio" was released in May 1996. A single edit of "Oh No, Not You Again (live)" was released to coincide with the album.
In late 1996 James took to the theatrical stage in David Atkin's hit musical "Little Shop Of Horrors".
James headed back into the studio in 1997 and worked with producer Ashley Caddell. Now signed to Village Roadshow Music, the first release was the pop-infused "Brand New Emperor's Clothes" in October 1997.
James continued to write and record new material throughout 1998/1999. Two more single releases "Not Waving, Drowning" and "Wonderful Day" (1998) were forthcoming.
This was followed in 1999 with the critically acclaimed "Design For Living", which featured the sleeper gems "Reno", "Little Criminals" and "Stranger Than Fiction." Mostly recorded with friend and producer Scott Kingman at his studio in Melbourne. Experimental and bold, it remains Reyne's strongest effort, and popular with fans.
In 1999, he was one of many guest performers on John Farnham's "I Can't Believe He's 50 Tour". His duet with Farnham, "Don't You Know It's Magic", can be heard on John Farnham's "Live At The Regent Theatre" album.
2000s/Liberation/Every Man A King.
After a few years' break between studio albums, Reyne signed with Liberation Music in Australia. In 2004 he released "Speedboats for Breakfast", which included the singles "Bug" and "The Rainbows Dead End". Of "Bug" James said: "I wanted to create a song out of playing the same four chords going round and round, building and growing all the time, with things coming in and dropping out. The listener knows there's transition but there's no real point where the change is obvious"
This was followed in 2005 by the album "...And The Horse You Rode In On", which contained acoustic reworkings of some of best-known solo and Australian Crawl compositions.
In late 2004, Australian dance producers Smash 'n' Grab remixed Australian Crawl's "Reckless", and Reyne scored a minor dance hit with the song "She Don't Like That".
Reyne hosted "Dig", a music show on ABC2, and made an appearance on "The AFL Footy Show" in Melbourne in 2006. However, "Dig" was removed from ABC2's line-up due to budget cuts in 2007.
In May 2007, Reyne released a new studio album, "Every Man a King", which features the singles "Light in the Tunnel" and "Little Man You've Had a Busy Day". Reyne said of the album; "If there's any theme to this album it's people being easily impressed. This silliness that they aspire to, the lives they read about in magazines. Their obsession with trash culture, the bizarre values we seem to live by. It's all just endlessly and perversely fascinating to me."
A second acoustic album, titled Ghost Ships, was released in early October 2007.
2010s/TCB/Thirteen.
In April 2010 Reyne released, "TCB" (short for "Taking Care of Business"), a collection of Elvis Presley covers, including "Viva Las Vegas", "Return To Sender" and "Burning Love". The album debuted at number 32 on the ARIA Albums chart. Reyne also appeared on "Hey Hey It's Saturday" and Channel 9's NRL "The Footy Show" in the week of 19 April 2010.
In November 2011, James released his first single in years titled "English Girls". This was to be followed by his most autobiographical song "Capsize", in January 2012. Both songs feature on Reyne's latest album "Thirteen" (Released March 2012). The album was written/Produced mostly by Reyne along with Scott Kingman. Proving popular with fans and favourable reviews, two more singles were released; "Whatcha Gonna Do About it?" and "Good Clean Fun". 
James joined the team at Music Max in 2013 as a Presenter saying, “I’m really looking forward to joining the team at MAX. It feels like a very comfortable and logical extension of my interest in all things musical. They’ve all been very professional and very welcoming.”
In the Australia Day honours of 2014 Reyne was recognised with a Medal of the Order of Australia in the General Division "for service to the performing arts as a singer/songwriter, and through support for a range of charitable organisations".
Acting career.
Reyne appeared in the TV drama "Return to Eden" as well as several other productions. He also played Tina Turner's manager in the 1993 bio-movie about Tina's life "What's Love Got To Do With It". In 2005 Reyne appeared as a guest actor of the telemovie The Post Card Bandit.
Personal life.
Reyne is the older brother of David Reyne, a drummer (Australian Crawl, Cats Under Pressure, Chantoozies), actor and television presenter. Their younger sister Elisabeth produced Daryl Braithwaite's 1991 album "Higher Than Hope". James Reyne is the father of TV soapie "Neighbours" actor Jaime-Robbie Reyne. Reyne lives on the Mornington Peninsula with his partner, Tina, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2894387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894387" title="Bart's Comet">
Bart's Comet

"Bart's Comet" is the 14th episode of "The Simpsons"' sixth season. The episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on February 5, 1995. In the episode, Bart Simpson accidentally discovers a comet, which is heading towards Springfield. The show's writing staff saw an issue of "Time" magazine which presented the threat of comets hitting Earth on its cover, and decided to create an episode in a similar vein. John Swartzwelder wrote the script, while Bob Anderson directed. "Bart's Comet" contains references to "Where's Waldo?" and "The Twilight Zone", and received positive commendations from reviewers.
Plot.
After Bart sabotages Principal Skinner's weather balloon, Skinner decides to punish him by having him help with his amateur astronomy. Skinner dreams of finding something in the sky and having it named after him. Bart accidentally locates a comet which is named after him. Scientists soon discover that the comet is heading straight for Springfield. Professor Frink plans to launch a missile at the comet, dispelling everyone's fears (save only by Lisa, who knows that this plan can backfire, and Moe, because in any circumstance, his tavern will be destroyed anyway). However, the missile flies past the comet, instead blowing up the only bridge out of town, dooming the people.
After a Congressional bill to evacuate Springfield is defeated, Homer decides that they should stay in the bomb shelter that Ned Flanders built. Anticipating this, Ned had built it large enough for both families. One hour before Springfield is destroyed, the rest of the townspeople arrive, demanding a place in the bunker. Homer is unable to close the door and someone has to leave. Homer decides that the only thing the "world of the future" will not need is left-handed stores and tells Ned to go. After Ned leaves the bomb shelter, Moe decided that they should play a barnyard noise guessing game to past the time, however, it causes a huge argument.
Eventually, Homer feels guilty and leaves as well, followed by the other townspeople and they all converge on a hill to await death. As the comet enters the atmosphere, it burns up in the thick layer of pollution over Springfield, popping Skinner's weather balloon and destroying Ned's bunker on the way. The town decides to burn down the observatory to prevent a similar incident from ever happening again. The Simpsons, however, are more worried at the fact Homer correctly predicted the fate of the comet - that it would burn up and fall to earth as a rock no bigger than a Chihuahua's head.
Production.
The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Bob Anderson. After seeing an issue of "Time" magazine, which presented the threat of comets hitting Earth on its cover, the writing staff decided to have an episode based on the concept of a comet hitting Springfield. They fleshed out the episode's plot over several days and Swartzwelder then set about writing the details of the script. According to showrunner David Mirkin, examples of "Swartzwelder humor" in the episode include the American fighter pilots mistaking Groundskeeper Willie for an Iraqi jet and cutting to Grampa and Jasper outside a 1940s General store. For the bomb shelter scene, the mass of townspeople was constructed on multiple layers so that it was easier to animate.
Kent Brockman's list of gay people is composed of the show's production staff, who had to sign legal agreements that they would not sue their own show. As a result, according to Groening, many of the staff appear on lists of gay people on the Internet. The episodes marks the first appearance of Database, a character show creator Matt Groening dislikes if he is used for anything more than one line.
Mirkin considers the episode to be one of his all time favorites, calling it a "perfect "Simpsons" episode" due to the size of the plot, emotion and observational humor.
Cultural references.
The couch gag is a reference to the animation of Fleischer Studios. The constellation of the Three Wise Men is a drawing of the original The Three Stooges. The townspeople yanking their collars after the rocket destroys the only bridge out of town is a reference to Charles Nelson Reilly's performance in "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir". Waldo from "Where's Waldo?" appears near the top-left of frame during the first group shot in the bomb shelter, imitating the style of the "Where's Waldo?" books. The bomb shelter scenes were based on "The Twilight Zone" episodes "The Shelter" and "The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street". The episode makes references to "Back to the Future", including when Professor Frink accidentally sets his town model on fire, just like Doc Brown. The Super Friends are named after the 1970s cartoon of the same name and as the comet approaches Springfield, the townspeople sing "Que Sera Sera", a song originally recorded by Doris Day.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "Bart's Comet" finished joint 33rd (with "The X-Files" and "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper") in the ratings for the week of January 3 to February 5, 1995, with a Nielsen rating of 11.3. It was the fourth highest rated show on the Fox network that week.
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide", called it an "excellent episode" and praised the "great moment when the ever-pious Maude Flanders happily sacrifices her Neddy." Mikey Cahill of the "Herald Sun" picked the episode's chalkboard gag "Cursive writing does not mean what I think it does" as one of his favorite chalkboard gags in the history of the show. Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide said in a review of the sixth season DVD that he did not "share the same level of enthusiasm for it" as Mirkin, concluding: "I think it provides a consistently strong show. It stretches reality a bit, but that’s not a problem–or unusual for the series–and the program ends up as a positive one." Ryan Keefer of DVD Verdict gave the episode a B-. In the July 26, 2007 issue of "Nature", the scientific journal's editorial staff listed "Bart's Comet" among "The Top Ten science moments in "The Simpsons"".

</doc>
<doc id="2894404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894404" title="Timothy O'Shea">
Timothy O'Shea

Sir Timothy Michael Martin O'Shea, FRSE (born 28 March 1949, Hamburg, Germany) is the current Vice-Chancellor and Principal of the University of Edinburgh.
Biography.
Prof. O'Shea grew up in London, attended the Royal Liberty School, in Romford, Essex. A computer scientist, he was Master of Birkbeck College from 1998 and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of London from 2001.
A graduate of the Universities of Sussex and Leeds, he has worked in the United States and for the Open University where he founded the Computer Assisted Learning Research Group and worked on a range of educational technology research and development projects, later becoming Pro-Vice-Chancellor there.
He was a Research Fellow at the University of Edinburgh, Department of Artificial Intelligence, from 1974-78.
The most translated of his ten books is "Learning and Teaching with Computers", co-authored with John Self and his most recent 2007 book, "In Order to Learn", published by Oxford University Press, was co-edited with Frank Ritter, Josef Nerb and Erno Lehtinen.
Professor O'Shea became Principal of the University of Edinburgh in October 2002. Since his appointment he has sat on various boards including the Boards of Scottish Enterprise, the Intermediary Technology Institute Scotland Ltd, the British Council, the Governing Body of the Roslin Institute and has been Convenor of the Research and Commercialisation Committee of Universities Scotland and Acting Convener of Universities Scotland.
In 2004 he was elected Fellow of The Royal Society of Edinburgh.
He was knighted in the 2008 New Year Honours.
Boards and Committees.
Since January 2008, Professor O’Shea has been Chair of Jisc (formerly the Joint Information Systems Committee). He is also Chair of the Scottish Institute for Enterprise, the Board of Directors of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, and the Board of Newbattle Abbey College Trust. He sits on the Council of the Confucius Institute Headquarters, and is currently a member of the German Initiative for Excellence, or 'Excellenzinitiative'.
He has served two terms both as a Trustee of the British Council and as a member of the main Board of Scottish Enterprise. Between 2009 and 2012 he was the Convener of Universities Scotland. He was also served as Deputy President of the French Government’s Initiatives d’ Excellence en Formations Innovantes

</doc>
<doc id="2894409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894409" title="Shashavaglava">
Shashavaglava

Shashavaglava is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. "Shashavaglava" means "crazyhead" in Serbo-Croatian.The final seven tracks are incorporated from an earlier E.P. "P'tang Yang Kipper Bang Uh!".
Track listing.
Note: The original Au Go Go release has incorrect track marks. The song "Shashavaglava" is split over two tracks, while "Invisible Man" and "K.C.R." appear as a single track. This causes the track numbers of the intervening tracks to be offset by one. The problem was corrected in later pressings. It also appears like that in the iTunes release.

</doc>
<doc id="2894427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894427" title="Evagrius Ponticus">
Evagrius Ponticus

Evagrius Ponticus (, "Evagrius of Pontus"), also called Evagrius the Solitary (345-399 AD) was a Christian monk and ascetic. One of the rising stars in the late fourth-century church, he was well known as a keen thinker, a polished speaker, and a gifted writer. He left a promising ecclesiastical career in Constantinople, traveled to Jerusalem, and there in 383 became a monk at the monastery of Rufinus and Melania the Elder. He then went to Egypt and spent the remaining years of his life in Nitria and Kellia, marked by years of asceticism and writing. He was a disciple of several influential contemporary church leaders, including Basil of Caesarea, Gregory of Nazianzus, and Macarius of Egypt. He was teacher of others, including John Cassian and Palladius.
Life.
There are five main sources of information on Evagrius's life. Firstly, there exists a biographical account in chapter 38 of "The Lausiac History" of bishop Palladius of Helenopolis (c.420); Palladius was a friend and disciple of Evagrius, and spent about nine years sharing Evagrius' desert life. Secondly, there is a chapter on Evagrius in the anonymous "Enquiry about the monks of Egypt", which predates Palladius, and is a first-hand account of a voyage taken by seven monks from Palestine in the winter of 394-5 to the principal monastic sites in Egypt. The final three sources are rather briefer and with more distinct biases: Evagrius features in some of the "Apophthegmata "literature, as well as in the Church Histories of Socrates and Sozomen.
He was born into a Christian family in the small town of Ibora, modern-day İverönü, Erbaa in the late Roman province of Helenopontus. He was educated in Neocaesarea, where he began his career in the church as a lector under Basil the Great. Around 380 he joined Gregory of Nazianzus in Constantinople (Gregory had been made a bishop there in 379), where he was promoted to deacon. He stayed on in Constantinople after Gregory left in July 381, and eventually became an archdeacon. When Emperor Theodosius I convened the Second Ecumenical Council in 381 AD, Evagrius was present, despite Gregory's premature departure.
According to the biography written by Palladius, Constantinople offered many worldly attractions, and Evagrius's vanity was aroused by the high praise of his peers. Eventually, he became infatuated with a married woman. Amid this temptation, he is said to have had a vision in which he was imprisoned by the soldiers of the governor at the request of the woman's husband. This vision, and the warning of an attendant angel, made him flee from the capital and head for Jerusalem.
For a short time, he stayed with Melania the Elder and Tyrannius Rufinus in a monastery near Jerusalem, but even there he could not forsake his vainglory and pride. He apparently took special care of his dress, and spent much of his time sauntering through the streets of the cosmopolitan Holy City. He fell gravely ill and only after he confessed his troubles to Melania, and accepted her instruction to become a monk was he restored to health. After being made a monk at Jerusalem in 383, he joined a cenobitic community of monks in Nitria in Lower Egypt in around 385, but after some years moved to Kellia. There he spent the last fourteen years of his life pursuing studies under Macarios the Great (who had been a disciple of Anthony the Great, and lived at the monastic colony of Scetis, about 25 miles away) and Macarius of Alexandria.
Writings.
The following are Evagrian works which are most certainly authentic (Bamberger 1972:lix-lxvii).
Although ascribed to Evagrius, these two works are considered to be of doubtful authenticity (Bamberger 1972:lxvi-lxvii).
Teachings.
Most Egyptian monks of that time were illiterate. Evagrius, a highly educated classical scholar, is believed to be one of the first people to begin recording and systematizing the erstwhile oral teachings of the monastic authorities known as the "Desert Fathers". Eventually, he also became regarded as a Desert Father, and several of his apothegms appear in the 'Vitae Patrum' (a collection of sayings from early Christian monks).
Evagrius rigorously tried to avoid teaching beyond the spiritual maturity of his audiences. When addressing novices, he carefully stuck to concrete, practical issues (which he called "praktike"). For example, in Peri Logismon 16, he includes this disclaimer:
I cannot write about all the villainies of the demons; and I feel ashamed to speak about them at length and in detail, for fear of harming the more simple-minded among my readers.
His more advanced students enjoyed more theoretical, contemplative material ("gnostike").
"Logismoi".
The most prominent feature of his research was a system of categorizing various forms of temptation. He developed a comprehensive list in AD 375 of eight evil thoughts (λογισμοι), or eight terrible temptations, from which all sinful behavior springs. This list was intended to serve a diagnostic purpose: to help readers identify the process of temptation, their own strengths and weaknesses, and the remedies available for overcoming temptation.
Evagrius stated, "The first thought of all is that of love of self; after this, the eight"
The eight patterns of evil thought are gluttony, greed, sloth, sorrow, lust, anger, vainglory, and pride. While he did not create the list from scratch, he did refine it. Some two centuries later in 590 AD, Pope Gregory I, "Pope Gregory The Great" would revise this list to form the more commonly known Seven Deadly Sins, where Pope Gregory the Great combined acedia (discouragement) with tristitia (sorrow), calling the combination the sin of sloth; vainglory with pride; and added envy to the list of "Seven Deadly Sins".
"Apatheia".
In Evagrius' time, the Greek word "apatheia" was used to refer to a state of being without passion. Evagrius wrote (p. 516): "A man in chains cannot run. Nor can the mind that is enslaved to passion see the place of spiritual prayer. It is dragged along and tossed by these passion-filled thoughts and cannot stand firm and tranquil".
Tears.
Evagrius taught that tears were the utmost sign of true repentance and that weeping, even for days at a time, opened one up to God.
Later reputation and influence.
Accusations of heresy.
Even in his own day, Evagrius' views had been criticised. A controversy over how to conceptualise God that broke out in the Nitrian desert in 400 saw dispute in which one side was influenced by Origenist views. Although Evagrius was not mentioned in this dispute, in 415 Jerome's "Letter" 133 accuses Evagrius of being a prominent Origenist, and critiques his teaching on "apatheia".
The accusations with the most long-lasting influence, however, emerged in the mid-sixth century. Like the other Cappadocian fathers Gregory of Nazianzus and Basil of Caesarea, Evagrius was an avid student of Origen of Alexandria (c. 185-250 AD), and he further developed certain esoteric speculations regarding the pre-existence of human souls, the Origenist account of apocatastasis, and certain teachings about the natures of God and Christ. Origen's thought was declared heretical by the Second Council of Constantinople in 553 AD. Although Evagrius is not mentioned by name in the Council's 15 anathematisms, in the eyes of most contemporaries, the 553 Council did indeed condemn Evagrius, together with Origen and Didymus. When subsequent ecumenical councils sought to clarify these anathemas, Origen along with Evagrius and a few other theologians were condemned as well.
Influence.
The accusations of heresy meant that many of his more speculative writings were lost in the original Greek. Since, however, by the sixth century, many of his writings had been translated into Syriac and Armenian - the traditions unaffected by the decisions of the 553 Council - these works survived in these translations (and some of these sixth-century Syriac manuscripts survive today).
Many of Evagrius' more ascetic works survive in Greek, often in manuscripts of the tenth century and after from Mount Athos and other monastic centres, although often attributed to Nilus of Ancyra, or occasionally to Basil or Gregory of Nazianzus. His exegetical scholia were incorporated into anthologies, sometimes with correct attribution, sometimes not (those on the Psalms were typically attributed to Origen). Only in the twentieth century was this set of ascetic works properly attributed to Evagrius.
In the Latin world, Evagrius’ friend Rufinus is known to have translated several of the works into Latin in the early fifth century, and others were translated decades later by Gennadius of Marseilles. Although these were the very first translations of Evagrius’ works, they have been entirely lost; only later Latin versions of two collections of proverbs (the "Sentences for Monks" and "Sentences for a Virgin") and the treatise "On the Eight Spirits" survive. The "Sentences" were popular in Benedictine circles, ironically often attributed to “Evagrius the bishop.” The latter text was always attributed to Nilus.
Evagrius's influence was arguably greater in its indirect forms. Within the Greek literature of Byzantine monasticism, Evagrius’ presence is obvious in both the content and the format of works by Diadochus of Photike, Maximus the Confessor, John of Damascus, Symeon the New Theologian, and Gregory Palamas. The fullest flowering of Evagrius’ influence in the Syriac world was in the spiritual writings of Isaac of Nineveh, who relies heavily on Evagrius’ teaching on both the passions and prayer. In the Latin world, Evagrius' influence came in the way that John Cassian, one of his most faithful disciples, preserved and propagated the basic elements of Evagrius' teaching on the stages of the monastic life, tripartite anthropology, and the eight thoughts (although Cassian never mentions Evagrius by name, since his reputation was already tainted). Through Cassian, Evagrius' thought passed to Gregory the Great, and the Evagrian schema of eight generic thoughts afflicting the monks of Egypt was transformed into a list now famous as the Seven Deadly Sins.
Modern editions.
English translations

</doc>
<doc id="2894448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894448" title="Ahlbeck (Usedom)">
Ahlbeck (Usedom)

Ahlbeck (Polish "Czernin") is part of Heringsdorf, a seaside resort in Germany on the island of Usedom in the Baltic Sea. It is situated right next to the border with Poland and the city of Świnoujście ("Swinemünde" in German).
Two major attractions include the famous "Seebrücke" or Pier, and a railway museum. Ahlbeck has scenic houses and mansions in the German Gründerzeit style of resort architecture. The bathing resort "Ostseetherme" is a popular tourist attraction.
Close to it, there is an architecturally noteworthy observation tower with a lift.

</doc>
<doc id="2894453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894453" title="George Burroughs">
George Burroughs

George Burroughs (c. 1652 – August 19, 1692), was born in Suffolk, England. At a young age he left England for Massachusetts. There he was raised by his mother in the town of Roxbury. American Congregational pastor, graduated from Harvard College in 1670, and became the minister of Salem Village (now Danvers, Massachusetts) in 1680, a charge which he held until 1683. He lived at Falmouth (now Portland, Maine) until it was destroyed by the Wabanaki in 1690. Burroughs then moved to Wells, Maine. In May 1692, during the Salem witch trials, based on the accusation of some of his personal enemies from his former congregation who had sued him for debt, Burroughs was arrested and charged, among other offenses, with extraordinary weight lifting (lifted a musket with a finger in the barrel), and such feats of strength as could not be done without diabolical assistance.
Execution and aftermath.
George Burroughs was executed on Witches Hill, Salem, on the 19th of August, the only minister who suffered this extreme fate.
Though the jury found no witches' marks on his body he was convicted of witchcraft and conspiracy with the Devil. While standing on a ladder before the crowd, waiting to be hanged, he successfully recited the Lord's Prayer, something that was generally considered by the Court of Oyer and Terminer to be impossible for a witch to do. After he was hung, Cotton Mather, a minister from Boston, reminded the crowd from atop his horse that Burroughs had been convicted in a court of law, and spoke convincingly enough that four more were executed after Burroughs. Below is the original account as first compiled and published in 1700 by Robert Calef in More Wonders of The Invisible World pages 103-104, and later reprinted or relied upon by others including Charles Wentworth Upham and George Lincoln Burr,
See also.
John Proctor
Further reading.
Upham, Charles (1980). Salem Witchcraft. New York: Frederick Ungar Publishing Co., 2 vv., v. 1 pp. 255, 278, 280, v. 2 pp. 140–163, 296-304, 319, 480, 482, 514.
Chief Keef Brudda

</doc>
<doc id="2894455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894455" title="Ron Allen (playwright)">
Ron Allen (playwright)

Ronald "Ron" Allen (September 13, 1947 – August 10, 2010) was an African-American poet and playwright who described his work as a "concert of language." The Detroit native employed intuitive configurations of language (i.e., image, trope, and metaphor) to invent new meaning and structures for the exploration and expression of language arts, including poetry and theater. 
Like fellow Detroit playwright Ron Milner, Allen's ear for the use of Afro-American language, particularly in Detroit, was keen. Known for his experiments with poetic verse, character, theme and structure, Allen created centers of language experiences and rhythm through his writing.
Artistic philosophy.
In a 2009 interview, Ron Allen described his artistic philosophy:
Career.
He began his theatrical career in Detroit in 1997, when he formed his acting company “Thick Knot Rhythm Ensemble”. This company became the medium for the production of 13 plays he wrote and produced, including "Last Church of the Twentieth Century", "Aborigional Treatment Center ", "Twenty Plays in Twenty Minutes", "Dreaming the Reality Room Yellow", "WHAM!", "The Tibetan Book of the Dead", "Relative Energy Sack Theory Museum", and "The Heidelberg Project: Squatting in the Circle of the Elder Mind", a play loosely based on the life of Tyree Guyton and the struggle to create his Heidelberg Project.
After his move to Los Angeles, California in 2007, Allen wrote three more plays: "Swallow the Sun", "My Eyes Are the Cage in My Head" (produced in 2008 by the Los Angeles Poverty Department Theater Company), and "The Hieroglyph of the Cockatoo". His play "Eye Mouth Graffiti Body Shop" was produced in 2007 by the Theatre of N.O.T.E. He also performed with his Los Angeles based jazz and poetry band Code Zero.
Allen published four books of critically acclaimed poetry, including "I Want My Body Back" and "Neon Jawbone Riot". He released a book of poetry in 2008 titled "The Inkblot Theory". He was founder and director of Weightless Language Press. He taught poetry and theater for 13 years in the drug recovery community in Detroit. He also taught poetry and meditation in an assisted-living facility in Inglewood, California.
Ron Allen died August 10, 2010, in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2894459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894459" title="Jesse James Home Museum">
Jesse James Home Museum

The Jesse James Home Museum is the house in St. Joseph, Missouri where outlaw Jesse James was living and was gunned down on April 3, 1882, by Robert Ford.
At the time, the house was located at 1318 Lafayette Street in St. Joseph. In 1939, it was moved to a busier Belt Highway location. In 1977, it was moved to a location directly behind Patee House at 12th and Mitchell in St. Joseph, only two blocks away from its original location, which restored more of its historic context.
The investigation into the shooting death of James was conducted at Patee House Hotel (formerly the World's Hotel). Mrs. James, her two children, and Jesse's mother stayed in Patee House for two nights after Jesse James was killed. 
The house has a large bullet hole on the north interior wall. The hole was actually much smaller but over the years, souvenir hunters carved shavings from the hole and enlarged it.
The Jesse James Home contains a number of items owned by Jesse James and his family. In 1995, top forensic scientist Professor James E. Starrs, of George Washington University, conducted an exhumation of the grave of Jesse James to settle persistent controversy about the remains. In February 1996, he announced that DNA tests performed on the remains and compared to the DNA of existing known relatives proved a 99.7% reliability that the body in the grave was that of Jesse James. The museum includes new exhibits based on the 1995 exhumation, including artifacts such as coffin handles, bits of wood, and a pin Jesse James wore in his death photo, as well as numerous photos taken during the exhumation. 
The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 4, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2894460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894460" title="Who Are You (song)">
Who Are You (song)

"Who Are You", composed by Pete Townshend, is the title track on The Who's 1978 release, "Who Are You", the last album released before drummer Keith Moon's death in September 1978. It was released as a double-A sided single with the John Entwistle composition "Had Enough", also featured on the album. The song became one of the band's biggest US hits, peaking at number 14 and at number 7 in Canada.
Lyrics.
The album version includes a third verse compared to the much shorter single. Additionally, a "lost verse" mix of the song was released on the 1996 reissue of "Who Are You", with a completely different second verse: "I used to check my reflection / Jumping with my cheap guitar / I must have lost my direction, cause I ended up a superstar/ One-nighters in the boardroom/ Petrify the human brain/ You can learn from my mistakes, but you're posing in the glass again".
The lyrics begin with a true incident, courtesy of Pete's alcoholism. He claims he really did "wake up in a Soho doorway", and a policeman recognized him and advised him to go home.
The song is unusual in that it contains two instances of the word "fuck" – at 2:16 and 5:43 (at 2:14 and 4:27 in the single edit version) – yet has been played frequently in its entirety on rock radio stations (although, in the wake of the Janet Jackson wardrobe malfunction and ensuing crackdown by the FCC, this song is now often heard in an edited form, expunging this word and replacing it with "hell"). The expletives, while not clearly enunciated and slightly obscured by Moon's drum fills, are nevertheless quite audible. This led to some controversy when ABC's unedited broadcast of The Who's Live 8 performance retained them. The American single edit changes this to "Who the hell are you?" and can be heard at 1:55. Other versions replaced the phrase with just one of the main choruses, "Tell me, who are you" and "I really want to know".
Video.
A promotional video was filmed on 9 May 1978 for "The Kids Are Alright" documentary; originally, the intent was to have The Who simply mime to the single version's backing track with Roger Daltrey adding live vocals, but the decision was made to also re-record the guitars, backing vocals, drums, and piano. Only John Entwistle's bass and the synthesizer backing remained intact from the original version.
Live performances.
This song was first performed live at the Gaumont State Cinema, Kilburn on 15 December 1977, albeit without synthesizers and only a portion of the lyrics. This can be seen in the DVD "At Kilburn 1977 + Live at the Coliseum". Despite that being the first performance, this song had its roots in jams in the band's 1976 concerts, most notably at Maple Leaf Gardens, Toronto on 21 October 1976, drummer Keith Moon's last North American appearance with The Who, where the band played a very early version of it, with Pete on vocals singing "Who Are You?" The first live performance of this with synthesizers (via a backing tape of the same synthesizer track found on the studio version of the song) was at the Rainbow Theatre, London on 2 May 1979, Kenney Jones's first live show with The Who. Since then it has remained a staple for the band's live shows. The Who opened their segment of The Concert for New York City on 20 October 2001 with the song and performed a medley featuring the song in Super Bowl XLIV. They also used the song to begin their set at on 12 December 2012. In later performances, Roger Daltrey also plays acoustic rhythm guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="2894470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894470" title="National Communications Centre">
National Communications Centre

The National Communications Centre (NCC) is a South African intelligence agency, and is responsible for bulk electronic surveillance and eavesdropping (otherwise known as SIGINT) of foreign communications. In this respect it serves a role similar to that of the United Kingdom's Government Communications Headquarters or United States National Security Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="2894471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894471" title="Pearson, Victoria">
Pearson, Victoria

Pearson was a town in Victoria, Australia, located 1 1/2 miles southwest of Walhalla. It was in the local government area of the Shire of Baw Baw. It was also known as The Happy, and Happy Go Lucky.
The town's history began with the discovery of a quartz reef outcrop or 'blow' by prospector William McGregor in 1863. McGregor was cutting an access track into the mining town of Walhalla when he came across this feature. He examined the rock but failed to find any gold in it. He later showed this to a workmate William Cummin, whose sharper eyes noted that this was not the case. Cummin kept this discovery to himself and soon after he left McGregor's prospecting party and went to Seaton to register a prospecting claim on the site. He later gave McGregor a 1/8 share in this claim as a token gesture of the find.
The town's mines yielded rich gold which was easily extracted at first. The very first crushing of the Happy Go Lucky Quart Gold mine yielded an incredible 700 oz from 150 tons of rock. By May 1868 some 14,862 ozs had been obtained by the town's mines. Prominent mines included the GreyHorse, Lillydale, Union Jack, Evening Star, Wulfsode, Esmeralda and Castle Rose.
By 1864 a booming village had developed including 3 hotels, bakers, butchers, and restaurants. In addition to the area's mining activity, the town had become an important stop for the packing trade which was bringing mining equipment and other goods into nearby Walhalla. The town was surveyed in 1865 and named Pearson after William Pearson, a prominent local pastoralist, mining investor, politician and horseracing identity. Locals inexplicably resisted this name change and continued to call it Happy go Lucky or 'The Happy.'
At its peak it had a population of around 300 including a small community of Chinese prospectors. Happy-Go-Lucky Post Office opened on 12 June 1865. Its first postmaster was Edward Alexander who operated from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m each day.
By the 1870s mining activity had slowed, and Pearson became a satellite town of Walhalla. The Union Hotel and the general store remained until 1912. The Post Office and closed in 1916.
The advent and completion of the Moe Walhalla rail line also sounded the final death knell for the town as the packing trade through it dwindled. Only ruins exist today.

</doc>
<doc id="2894474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894474" title="Ngadha language">
Ngadha language

Ngadha (also known as Ngada or Ngad'a) is an Austronesian language, one of six languages spoken in the central stretch of the Indonesian island of Flores. From west to east these languages are: Ngadha, Nage, Keo, Ende, Lio, and Palu'e. These languages form the proposed Central Flores group of the Sumba–Flores languages, according to Blust (2009). 
Ngadha is the only language reported to have a retroflex implosive .
Ngadha is "bizarre" because it has no prefixes nor suffixes at all. This "strangely streamlined language" is thought by linguist John McWhorter to have originated when "little people" were "subjugated" into the Austronesian population. McWhorter (2006) speculates this rare linguistic transformation would have occurred to the ancestor of Ngadha and the related Keo and Rongga languages. Nonetheless, in basic vocabulary, such as body parts, numbers, and action verbs, Ngadha has kept 94 out of a list of 247 lexical items of the Proto-Malayo-Polynesian language.

</doc>
<doc id="2894481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894481" title="Energy (signal processing)">
Energy (signal processing)

In signal processing, the energy formula_1 of a continuous-time signal "x"("t") is defined as
Relationship to energy in physics.
Energy in this context is not, strictly speaking, the same as the conventional notion of energy in physics and the other sciences. The two concepts are, however, closely related, and it is possible to convert from one to the other:
For example, if "x"("t") represents the potential (in volts) of an electrical signal propagating across a transmission line, then "Z" would represent the characteristic impedance (in ohms) of the transmission line. The units of measure for the signal energy formula_1 would appear as volt2·seconds, which is "not" dimensionally correct for energy in the sense of the physical sciences. After dividing formula_1 by "Z", however, the dimensions of "E" would become volt2·seconds per ohm, which is equivalent to joules, the SI unit for energy as defined in the physical sciences.
Spectral energy density.
Similarly, the spectral energy density of signal x(t) is
where "X"("f") is the Fourier transform of "x"("t").
For example, if "x"("t") represents the magnitude of the electric field component (in volts per meter) of an optical signal propagating through free space, then the dimensions of "X"("f") would become volt·seconds per meter and formula_7 would represent the signal's spectral energy density (in volts2·second2 per meter2) as a function of frequency "f" (in hertz). Again, these units of measure are not dimensionally correct in the true sense of energy density as defined in physics. Dividing formula_7 by "Z"o, the characteristic impedance of free space (in ohms), the dimensions become joule-seconds per meter2 or, equivalently, joules per meter2 per hertz, which is dimensionally correct in SI units for spectral energy density.
Parseval's theorem.
As a consequence of Parseval's theorem, one can prove that the signal energy is always equal to the summation across all frequency components of the signal's spectral energy density.

</doc>
<doc id="2894485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894485" title="T37">
T37

T37 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2894495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894495" title="Fingers Cut Megamachine">
Fingers Cut Megamachine

Fingers Cut Megamachine (alternately Fingers-Cut, Megamachine!) is a Los Angeles-based indie/folk rock band led by Devon Williams, formerly of the Southern California punk band Osker. Fingers Cut Megamachine draw influences from indie, pop, country music, as well as traditional American acoustic folk music. Although frequently compared with Iron & Wine, Wilco, and Bright Eyes, Fingers Cut Megamachine's sound is uniquely characteristic.
On June 12, 2006, Devon Williams announced the band's official website was « done forever » [http://dtwilliams.blogspot.com/2006/06/summer-tour.html]. In July and August, he toured (and sold a demo with new material) under his own name instead of the Fingers Cut Megamachine moniker. Dave Benitez (formerly of Osker and part-time member of Fingers Cut Megamachine) is now part of a new project called The Black Heartthrobs. Although nothing was announced officially, it seems that Williams is now operating under his own name solely.
In April 2008 he released Carefree on Ba Da Bing, his first album released under his own name.

</doc>
<doc id="2894498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894498" title="I'm Not Dead">
I'm Not Dead

"I'm Not Dead" is the fourth studio album by the American recording artist and songwriter Pink. The album was released on April 4, 2006, in the United States, to coincide the same release date of Pink's first album, "Can't Take Me Home".
The album marks Pink's comeback to music after a three-year break which followed the poor commercial and critical performances of her previous album, "Try This". Originally titled "Long Way to Happy", a song on the album, and scheduled for release on September 20, 2005, the album was delayed several months. Its title was changed to "I'm Not Dead", also a song on the album, in order to match the comeback nature of the album, and its heavy tone in terms of lyrical content, strong language and edgy sound. "I'm Not Dead" is majorly a pop rock album, but includes country, alternative rock and R&B influences.
The release of "I'm Not Dead" was preceded by its controversial lead single, "Stupid Girls", a top 20 hit on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 the video of which earned Pink an MTV Video Music Award. The album's second and third singles, "Who Knew" and "U + Ur Hand", reached the top ten and revived the album's sales fortunes in the U.S., leading to a platinum certification from the RIAA for sales of one million. The two songs are also Pink's first two singles to achieve Platinum certifications. Subsequent regional singles include "Nobody Knows", "Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)" and "Dear Mr. President". A Platinum Edition of the album was issued with bonus tracks, remixes and a DVD.
Background.
Pink said she titled the album "I'm Not Dead" because "It's about being alive and feisty and not sitting down and shutting up even though people would like you to." She said it came from "the awakening" and how "it felt good to feel again ... I turned twenty-five and I just kind of woke up and realized I have so much to learn, whereas before I thought I knew everything. That's definitely a huge part of that title." According to Pink, she did not expect to be very emotionally involved in the making of the album because the experience of making her last, "Try This" (2003), was "draining", but that she was "forced to be almost emotionally involved" by her collaborators, such as Billy Mann. "I guess I was just kind of at that place where I felt like I kind of had something to add to the world", she said. "I feel like there's a hole and I know how to fill it, people aren't talking trash anymore. I was just feeling really creative and really emotionally available again, and it came out great." According to her, she wrote more than forty songs for the album on "everything I could possibly think of." On December 4, 2007, an edition of the album titled "I'm Not Dead: Platinum Edition" was released.
Musical styles and themes.
Pink was inspired to write opening track "Stupid Girls", in which she deplores the lack of good role models for young girls while encouraging them to cultivate independence, after she noticed many such girls aspire to be like female pop icons, particularly those near her Los Angeles home. "There's a certain thing the world is being fed, and my point is there should be a choice", Pink said. She stated that "Who Knew" is about "the death of friendship", as well as friends of hers who died as a result of drug overdoses. The song is about several people. The third song, "Long Way to Happy", is based on a poem about sexual abuse Pink wrote when she was thirteen years old. "I know a lot of people that have been abused and/or molested and/or fucked over by someone close to them. And I'm no exception. And that's that song", she said. The ballad "Nobody Knows" describes feelings that one can have but not show to the outside world, and Pink has named it the most vulnerable track on the album. "Dear Mr. President" is an open letter to then president of the United States, George W. Bush; the song's format is a series of rhetorical questions for the President, specifically pertaining to how he really feels about issues such as war, homosexuality, homelessness and drug abuse.
According to Pink, the sixth and title track, "I'm Not Dead", is her first "subtle" and "poetic" self-written song: "Usually it's very much more cartoon-y and blunt, the way I write songs. I don't really know diplomacy or subtlety." The song was inspired by how Pink and producer Billy Mann felt about the end of their working relationship: "We were scared to move on from each other, after seeing how much that little bit of time together changed us, and how scary change is." In "'Cuz I Can", Pink says she plays by her own rules boasts about her "bling", a contrast to the anti-consumerist content of "Stupid Girls". Referring to the song, she called herself "a walking contradiction" and "a hypocrite sometimes." This theme is echoed in "Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)", which deals with contradictory feelings about a relationship; Pink said "That's how I live my life. I'm a walking conflict." She called the song "a funny take on 'I love you' ... I get really cramped ... But, every girl needs her space". "U + Ur Hand", the ninth track, is a kiss-off song addressed to a man who is trying to seduce Pink; it became a fan favorite before the release of the album, when it was leaked to the internet. Pink said of song such as "Runaway" that "It's been especially hard for parents hearing me write about things they never knew about ... My mom's like, 'Were you really that angry? Was I really that in denial? Was I really that bad a parent?' 'No, Mom - you were great. You didn't try to run me over with your car. I made it up.' But by writing all of it down and sharing it with the world, I've broken with most of it." "The One That Got Away" is, as Pink puts it, "the classic 'Is this the one? Or is the grass really greener?'" Pink described track thirteen, "Conversations with My 13 Year Old Self", as a "huge therapy session" that addresses her "pissed-off, complicated" younger self. She said of writing the song, "I needed a hug, and I get it ... now. If I tried to hug my 13-year-old self, she'd try to kick my ass, and then she'd collapse and cry." "Fingers" is about her videotaping herself masturbating. She said she probably didn't need to add to the number of songs about masturbation, but she couldn't help herself. The final song on the album, the hidden track "I Have Seen the Rain" was written by and features Pink's father, James T. Moore. He wrote it when he was a soldier in the Vietnam War, but according to Pink "it's still relevant today. It's a soldier's cry." She had always wanted to record it with him and learnt to harmonize with it. She said of its recording, "He was so nervous, it was the most adorable experience for a father and daughter to share."
Reception.
Critical response.
The album had a positive critical reception, receiving a 70/100 score on Metacritic. Pink received the 2006 "Glamour Magazine" award for International Solo Artist of the Year, and in 2007, she won the MTV Australia Video Music Award for Best Female Artist and the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award (in Australia) for Favourite International. The same year, the album won in the Best International Album category at the Rockbjörnen Awards.
Chart performance.
The album sold 126,000 copies in its first week in the U.S. and debuted at number six, a higher debut position than those of Pink's last two albums, "Missundaztood" (2001) and "Try This" (2003); however, first-week sales for "I'm Not Dead" were lower. "I'm Not Dead" spent a total of 88 non-consecutive weeks on the chart, its last being in December 2009. "I'm Not Dead" debuted at number three in the United Kingdom selling 39,892 copies and was the ninth best-selling album of 2006 in the UK, with over 848,000 copies sold in the year. In October 2007, it re-entered the UK top 100 album chart at 99.
In Australia, after 26 weeks of release, "I'm Not Dead" ascended to number one to become Pink's first number-one album; it returned to number one in its 61st week on the Australian ARIA chart. The album spent a record 62 consecutive weeks in the top ten. Pink's most successful album in Australia, it was the second best selling album of both 2006 and 2007, and the number-one selling album by an American or a female artist in each year. It also became one of two Pink albums on the ARIA Chart's top 100 selling albums of the 2000 to 2009 decade, positioned at number 3 behind her 11x Platinum album Funhouse. In Canada, the album debuted at number two with 13,000 copies sold in its first week, and the CRIA certified it platinum for shipments of more than 100,000 copies. In Germany, it became Pink's first number-one album.
Singles and other promotion.
Before "Stupid Girls" was chosen as the album's lead single, videos were shot for it and "U + Ur Hand", which became the third single.
Released in February – March 2006, "Stupid Girls" reached number 13 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100—becoming Pink's biggest hit since 2002—and the top five in the UK and Australia. It was the subject of considerable discussion, with Pink attending "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to discuss what she called the "stupid girl epidemic"; in the song, she deplores the lack of good role models for girls while encouraging them to cultivate independence. The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance (see Grammy Awards of 2007). Its music video, directed by Dave Meyers, received an MTV Video Music Award for Best Pop Video.
"Who Knew" was released as the second single in May 2006 and initially failed to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, but it later debuted on the chart in March 2007 after it was used in promotion for the ABC television show "October Road". It was re-released in the U.S. in June 2007, and had peaked at number nine by mid September. It reached the top ten in other countries, including Australia and the UK.
The third single, "U + Ur Hand", initially took three months to chart on the Hot 100, but it went on to peak at number nine in April 2007. It reached the top 20 across most of Europe and Australia through August – September 2006.
The fourth single, "Nobody Knows", was released outside the U.S. in November and reached the top 40 in the UK and Australia.
The song "Dear Mr. President" attracted publicity, and there was belief among fans that it would be released as a single, but Pink said she would not release "Dear Mr. President" as a single because she did not want people to think it was a publicity stunt. In Belgium, an acoustic version of the song was released as a download single in late 2006, and it reached number one on the Ultratop chart. In the UK, "Dear Mr. President" was released as a download-only single with "Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)". It reached the UK top 40, also charting in the top five in Australia, where it became the fifth top five hit from "I'm Not Dead".
The seventh single, "'Cuz I Can", was released as a digital download in Australia, and it reached the top 20 on the digital tracks chart.
I'm Not Dead Tour.
Pink began her North American I'm Not Dead Tour on June 24, 2006, in Chicago and it ended in Dallas after twenty shows. She started her European tour on September 8 of the same year in Istanbul; it ran for 52 shows and was scheduled to end in Milan on December 21. A DVD of a concert on this leg of the tour, "", was released in April 2007. In 2007, Pink returned to the U.S. to accompany Justin Timberlake on his FutureSex/LoveShow tour. She began her sold-out Australian tour in April 2007. The Australian leg of the tour was set at a record-breaking 35 arena shows, selling around 307,000 tickets — it became the most successful arena tour in Australian history by a female artist in Australia. Sony BMG Australia released a special tour edition of "I'm Not Dead" on March 17, 2007—it contains the original album including two bonus tracks and a DVD that features live performances and music videos. That December, the Special Edition was released in the U.S. under the title "Platinum Edition". It featured additional DVD content not featured on the Australian version.

</doc>
<doc id="2894499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894499" title="The Strange One">
The Strange One

The Strange One is a 1957 black-and-white film about students faced with an ethical dilemma in a military college in the Southern United States. The film is adapted from a novel and stage play by Calder Willingham called "End as a Man", and the film is sometimes referred to by that name.
The cast includes Ben Gazzara, George Peppard, Pat Hingle, Geoffrey Horne, James Olson, and Larry Gates, some of them members of the original cast of the stage version. The film was produced by Sam Spiegel, directed by Herb Gardner and Jack Garfein and is noteworthy due to the entire acting and technical staff being from the Actors Studio of New York City.
The film focuses on the dehumanization associated with the tradition of hazing within the college and is noteworthy for its portrayal of homoerotic themes – and at least one homosexual character – at a time when the Hays Code prohibited such expression.
Plot.
Cadet Staff Sergeant Jocko DeParis is a senior at the fictional Southern Military College. Using the authority of his own rank, his father's connections with the school, and the college's tradition of allowing upperclassmen to bully new cadets, DeParis effectively does what he pleases. Everyone at the school is either afraid of him or believes he is a normal or even exemplary cadet.
One night, he frames George Avery, the son of a staff member, making it appear that he got drunk and fell unconscious on the quadrangle all by himself. Cadet Avery is expelled, and DeParis sees to it that every cadet who took part in the incident lies during the investigation to conceal his own involvement. Two freshmen, along with the roommates of DeParis and the regimental commander, eventually decide to end DeParis' manipulation of them and the school. By the time DeParis is cornered in a restaurant in the nearby town, a great many cadets have banded together against him.
The regimental commander orders him to sign a statement confessing to engineering Avery's expulsion and going to great lengths to conceal the truth from investigators. Initially reacting with smug confidence and indignant anger at being accused, DeParis finally folds and signs the statement, asking that he be allowed to leave quietly. The cadets then take him away from the restaurant and start dragging an increasingly frantic DeParis towards a railroad track. Instead of throwing him in front of the approaching train, they put him on board once it stops. As the train begins to move again, DeParis runs to the rearmost car and rails at the watching cadets, shouting furiously, "I'll be back! I'll get you guys! You can't do this to Jocko DeParis!"
Cast.
Ben Gazzara ... Cadet Sgt. Jocko DeParis<br>
Pat Hingle ... Cadet Harold "Harry" Koble<br>
Peter Mark Richman ... Cadet Col. Laurie Lorger<br>
Arthur Storch ... Cadet Simmons<br>
Paul E. Richards ... Cadet Perrin "Cockroach" McKee<br>
Larry Gates ... Maj. George Avery Sr.<br>
Clifton James ... Col. M.N. Ramsey<br>
Geoffrey Horne ... Cadet George Avery Jr.<br>
James Olson ... Cadet Roger Gatt<br>
Julie Wilson ... Peonie (aka "Rosebud")<br>
George Peppard ... Cadet Robert Marquales

</doc>
<doc id="2894500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894500" title="Luke Rooney">
Luke Rooney

Luke Rooney (born 16 January 1983, Penrith, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer for RC Toulonnais in the Top 14 competition. He previously played rugby league, becoming an Australian international and New South Wales State of Origin representative winger while playing his club football in the National Rugby League for the Penrith Panthers, with whom he won the 2003 NRL Premiership. Since 2009 Rooney has played rugby union for Toulon as well as a stint with the Melbourne Rebels of SupeRugby.
Playing career.
Rugby league.
A junior of Emu Plains JRLFC, Rooney completed his final year of high school at St Dominic's College, Penrith in 2000. He made his Penrith Panthers' debut on 21 April for Round 10 of the 2001 NRL season. In the 2003 NRL Grand Final Rooney played on the wing and scored two tries in the Panthers' victory over the Sydney Roosters. As 2003 NRL premiers, the Panthers travelled to England to face Super League VIII champions, the Bradford Bulls in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Rooney played on the wing in the Panthers' 22-4 loss.
Rooney was selected to make his debut for New South Wales in the 2003 State of Origin series, playing in all three gams. At the end of the season he played for Australia in the 2004 Rugby League Tri-Nations and was the tournament's top try-scorer.
Rooney was selected to play on the wing in the first two games of the 2005 State of Origin series.
Before his departure from the Panthers and the NRL at the end of 2008, Rooney was part of City Origin, New South Wales, and Australian rugby league squads.
Rugby union.
At the end of 2008, Rooney switched to rugby union to play for RC Toulon in the French Top 14 competition. In the 2008–09 Top 14 season he played 16 games and scored 5 tries and also played 6 games in the 2009–10 Amlin Challenge Cup. He usually plays at fullback. 
In June 2010, Rooney signed a two year deal with the Melbourne Rebels. At Rebels' arrangement Rooney traveled to New Zealand in July to gain experience with Hawkes Bay in the NZ national provincial competition. However, he played only two games before being sidelined with a groin injury.
Rooney's parents are English and he holds a British passport. Rooney options, post-Rebels, remain open. In March 2010, while in negotiations with English club Worcester Warriors, he expressed ambitions to play for England in the 2011 Rugby World Cup. He said he wants to play his very best rugby for the Rebels, but, "After that, who knows?" He added: "Of course it would be great to play for the Wallabies but I've got so much work to do before I can think of getting there." In 2011 he rejoined Toulon.
Return to Rugby league.
In 2014 Luke Rooney announced that he had returned to Rugby League, agreeing a deal to play from the start of the 2015 season for the Salford Red Devils on a two year contract, with the option of extending by another year. This means he will be moving to Salford where everyone is related to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2894505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894505" title="Mather Byles">
Mather Byles

Mather Byles (born 26 March 1706, Boston, Massachusetts – 5 July 1788), was a clergyman active in British North America.
He was descended, on his mother's side, from John Cotton and Richard Mather and was a grandson of Increase Mather and nephew of Cotton Mather. As a young man, he corresponded with Alexander Pope and Isaac Watts.
He graduated at Harvard University in 1725, received his A.M. degree there in 1728 and in 1733 became pastor of the Hollis Street Church (Congregational), Boston.
He held a high rank among the clergy of the province and was noted for his scholarly and well-written sermons, as well as his ready wit. He often exchanged poetic satires and parodies with another Boston wit of that time, Joseph Green. At state funerals, he was often a picked to give the sermon.
He published a book of verse, "Poems on Various Occasions" in 1744 (see 1744 in poetry). In 1773, he was chosen to be one of the eminent Boston literary intellectuals to examine Phillis Wheatley in order to determine if the black woman was actually the author of a proposed book of poems. (He and the rest of the panel determined that she was.)
At the outbreak of the War of Independence he was outspoken in his advocacy of the royal cause, and after the British evacuation of Boston his connection with his church was dissolved.
He remained in Boston, however, and subsequently (1777) was arrested, tried and sentenced to deportation. This sentence was later changed to imprisonment in his own house. (He called the sentry stationed outside the house his "Observe-a-Tory".) He was soon released, but never resumed his pastorate.
He is known for saying "Which is better - to be ruled by one tyrant three thousand miles away or by three thousand tyrants one mile away?" A variation of the quote is spoken by Mel Gibson in the "The Patriot".
He died in Boston on 5 July 1788, aged 82.
Besides many sermons he published "A Poem on the Death of George I" (1727).

</doc>
<doc id="2894512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894512" title="A1 Mine Settlement">
A1 Mine Settlement

A1 Mine Settlement is a town in Victoria, Australia, located north of Woods Point on the Mansfield - Woods Point Road, in the Shire of Mansfield. The town has also been known as Castle Reef, Castle Point, and Raspberry Creek.
The town began after gold was discovered at Raspberry Creek in 1862. The name "A1" indicated that the quality of the gold mined here was 'First Class'. During the late 1860s the town known as Castle Reef had a population of around 300, a Post Office under that name opening on 11 January 1868 (closing 1875). It included two hotels, a general store, a school, a church, and possibly a restaurant. The town's industry was centred on a crushing machine which worked the three gold reefs in the area. These sites and others were amalgamated into the A1 Mine, which continued operation until 1992.
A receiving office opened here on 1 July 1910; it was later upgraded to a non-official post office and closed on 9 March 1967.
The A1 Mine has historically produced in excess of 450,000 ounces of gold and was one of Australia’s longest operating mines having been worked from 1861 through to 1992.
Reworking the A1 Mine.
August 2009, Heron Resources purchased an Option to acquire and reopen the A1 Gold Mine. During the Option period (two years) a feasibility study will be completed using the results from the evaluation program.
November 2009, Department of Primary Industry Victoria and Mansfield Shire approvals have been received to commence site works required as part of the evaluation program for the A1 Gold Mine. Initial works will involve the setting up of a site office, workshops and ancillary buildings to support mining activities. Community consultation meetings were commenced in September 9, these are an ongoing part of the evaluation and will continue through the life of the operation.
Establishment of the decline portal is expected during November, while dewatering and underground drilling are expected to commence in the New Year when final approvals are received.
Febraruary 2011, Heron Resources sells the A1 Cold Mine to A1 Consolidated Gold who have more than 20 years experience at the A1 Gold Mine. Heron then became a foundation shareholder in A1 Consolidated Gold, by obtaining 19% interest in the company.
June 2012, A1 Consolidated Gold lists on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX Code AYC). Some 5,000 tonnes of development ore has already been mined. The IPO price is 30 cents per share.
Fire problems.
In 2006, A1 Mine Settlement was threatened by bushfires. Not much of the town remains anymore except a couple of houses which survived. The whole area was burnt including Gaffneys Creek and Ten Mile.

</doc>
<doc id="2894528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894528" title="Haji Faiz Mohammed">
Haji Faiz Mohammed

Haji Faiz Mohammed () is an elderly Afghani man who was held and interrogated by the United States military in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba. Mohammed spent about eight months in Guantanamo and was repatriated on October 28, 2002.
Detention in Guantanamo.
Mohammed was flown to the U.S. military detention camp in Guantanamo in 2002 after being swept up in a raid by troops in Afghanistan. An assessment written by the Joint Task Force Guantanamo says. "There is no reason on the record for detainee being transferred to Guantánamo Bay detention facility," 
Faiz was released in October 2002 after being held for eight months, and was put in the Medical Scientific Academy Hospital in Kabul.
Mohammed's age.
Mohammed, who American intelligence analysts estimate was approximately 72 years old at the time, said the Americans had initially seized him during a hospital visit in Uruzgan.
He says he was blindfolded and bound, then flown to Kandahar in a helicopter.
Reports suggest that he bordered on senile and initially claimed that he was over a hundred years old. The New York Times said that he was "babbling at times like a child...struggled to complete sentences and strained to hear words that were shouted at him.

</doc>
<doc id="2894531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894531" title="All I Really Want to Do">
All I Really Want to Do

"All I Really Want to Do" is a song written by Bob Dylan and featured on his Tom Wilson-produced 1964 album, "Another Side of Bob Dylan" ("see" 1964 in music). It is arguably one of the most popular songs that Dylan wrote in the period immediately after he abandoned topical songwriting. Within a year of its release on "Another Side of Bob Dylan", the song had also become one of Dylan's most familiar songs to pop and rock audiences, due to hit cover versions by Cher and the Byrds.
Song information.
"All I Really Want to Do" was first released on Dylan's 1964 album "Another Side of Bob Dylan", and was also included on the Dylan compilations "Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II" in 1971 and the 3-disc edition of "Dylan" in 2007. Two different live versions of the song have been released: the first on "Bob Dylan at Budokan" in 1979 and the second on "" in 2004.
Dylan wrote the song in 1964 and recorded it in one take on June 9, 1964. Like other songs on "Another Side of Bob Dylan", "All I Really Want to Do" was inspired by Dylan's breakup with Suze Rotolo. "All I Really Want to Do" opens the album on a with a different attitude than Dylan's previous album, "The Times They Are a-Changin"'; a playful song about a relationship rather than a finger-pointing political song. Musically simple, though playful, "All I Really Want to Do" is essentially a list of things, physical and psychological, that Dylan does not want to do or be to the listener (perhaps a woman, but just as likely his audience as a whole). Dylan laughs at some of his own jokes in the song, as he parodies typical "boy meets girl" love songs. One interpretation of the song is that it is a parody of male responses to early feminist conversations. Along with another "Another Side of Bob Dylan" song, "It Ain't Me, Babe," "All I Really Want to Do" questioned the usual assumptions of relationships between men and women, rejecting possessiveness and machismo. The song's chorus features Dylan singing in a high, keening yodel, likely inspired by Hank Williams or Ramblin' Jack Elliott, while disingenuously claiming that all he wants to do is to be friends. "All I Really Want to Do" sees Dylan experimenting with the conventions of the romantic pop song by constructing rhymes within lines and also rhyming the end of every line with the end of the following line.
The first known live concert performance of "All I Really Want to Do" was at the Newport Folk Festival on July 26, 1964. It remained part of Dylan's concert set list for his all acoustic shows in 1965. It returned to Dylan's concert sets in 1978, when Dylan sang it at the end of most shows to the melody of Simon and Garfunkel's "The 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy)". For those shows, he often revised the lyrics, incorporating mischievous verses such as:
The Byrds' version.
"All I Really Want to Do" was the second single by the American folk rock band The Byrds, and was released on June 14, 1965 by Columbia Records ("see" 1965 in music). The song was also included on the band's debut album, "Mr. Tambourine Man", which was released on June 21, 1965. The version of the song released as a single is a completely different take to the version found on the "Mr. Tambourine Man" album, as evidenced by the slight lyrical variations in the song's first verse and the different running times the two versions have; the single is 2:02 minutes in length while the album version is slightly longer at 2:04. The single reached #40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #4 on the UK Singles Chart.
The single was rush-released by the band's record label, Columbia Records, when it became known that Cher was about to issue a rival cover version of the song on the Imperial label (see below). However, the Byrds and their management were largely unconcerned about Cher's imminent release, feeling that there was enough room in the charts for both versions. In fact, the Byrds were reluctant to release another Dylan-penned single at all, feeling that it was somewhat formulaic. However, Columbia were insistent, believing that in the wake of the Byrds' debut single, "Mr. Tambourine Man", another Dylan cover equaled an instant hit. A chart battle ensued, largely instigated by the music press and Columbia (who were determined to bury Cher's release), but ultimately the single stalled at #40 on the U.S. charts, while Cher's cover reached #15. The reverse was true in the UK, however, where the Byrds' version became the fastest selling single in CBS Records' history, finally reaching #4 while Cher's recording peaked at #9.
The Byrds' version of the song is noticeably different in structure to Dylan's. It begins with Jim McGuinn's jangling guitar introduction (played on a 12-string Rickenbacker guitar) and features a substantially changed, ascending melody progression in the chorus, made more attractive by the band's angelic harmonies. In addition, the band completely changed the melody to one of the song's verses, in order to turn it into a Beatlesque, minor-key bridge. 
Reaction to the single in the press was generally positive, with "Billboard" magazine commenting "another hot pop, folk-flavoured Bob Dylan tune is offered by the dynamic group." In the UK, Penny Valentine, writing in "Disc", opined "I think this is a marvelous song, but, Byrds fan though I have always been, I prefer the Sonny & Cher recording." In the "NME", Derek Johnson also praised the single, predicting it would be a UK number one, and commenting "The pattern is much the same as before, with those familiar high-register harmonies - clearly influenced by the West Coast surf sound...coupled with strident twangs throughout, rattling tambourines, and crashing cymbals."
In addition to appearing on the Byrds' debut album, the song is included on several Byrds' compilation albums, including "The Byrds' Greatest Hits", "", "The Byrds", "The Essential Byrds", "The Byrds Play Dylan", and "There Is a Season".
Cher's version.
"All I Really Want to Do" is Cher's debut single. Released in May 1965, it reached #15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and #9 in the United Kingdom charts. Cher's recording of the song also charted in several other countries during 1965. Cher's version was involved in a chart battle with The Byrds' recording of "All I Really Want to Do" when both versions entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 during the same week.
Background and release.
The initial idea to cover the song came when Cher heard the Byrds perform it during their pre-fame residency at Ciro's nightclub on the Sunset Strip in March 1965. This caused a minor controversy when it was alleged by the Byrds and their management that Cher and her husband, Sonny Bono, had taped one of the Byrds' appearances at Ciro's without permission, in order to utilize some of the band's material for their own releases. However, Cher's version is, in fact, quite different from the Byrds' recording and lacks the Beatlesesque bridge that remained unique to their version. Ultimately, Cher's cover was the more successful in the U.S., reaching the "Billboard" top 20, while the Byrds' single faltered at #40. The reverse was true in the UK, where the Byrds' single reached #4.
Live performances and promotion.
Cher continued to perform the song in concerts, usually as part of a hits medley, up to and including her 2002-2005 tour, .

</doc>
<doc id="2894535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894535" title="Jefferies Group">
Jefferies Group

Jefferies LLC is an American global investment bank and institutional securities firm headquartered in New York. The firm provides clients with capital markets and financial advisory services, institutional brokerage, securities research, and asset management. This includes mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, and other financial advisory services.
Jefferies was named one of the World's Most Admired Companies by "Fortune" magazine in 2011, Best Place to Work in the Financial Industry by Here Is The City News in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, and one of the best companies to work for in the UK by "The Sunday Times".
On November 12, 2012, Jefferies announced its merger with Leucadia, its largest shareholder. Jefferies was valued at $3.8 billion at the time of the acquisition. Jefferies remains independent and is the largest operating company within Leucadia. On March 1, 2013, along with the closing of the merger, Jefferies & Company, Inc. was converted to a limited liability company and re-branded Jefferies LLC.
History.
1962–1987.
Jefferies was founded by Boyd Jefferies in 1962. The firm started with $30,000 in borrowed capital, which Boyd Jefferies used to purchase a seat on the Pacific Coast Stock Exchange. In the early years, the firm was a successful trader and pioneer in what would be called the "third market", which allowed for the trading of listed stocks directly between institutional investors in an over-the-counter style, providing liquidity and anonymity to buyers. In addition to its third market niche, Jefferies pioneered use of the split commissions in 1964. By 1965, Jefferies had joined the Detroit, Midwest, Boston, and Philadelphia stock exchanges. In 1967, the company joined the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), opening a five-person office in New York. The growing third market helped Jefferies become the seventh largest firm in size and trading on the NYSE during those years.
Jefferies was acquired in 1969 by Minneapolis-based Investors Diversified Services (IDS), the second largest U.S. financial services company at the time, and resigned all its stock exchange memberships. Jefferies saw the acquisition as a means to increase the size of its institutional business with additional capital. However, because IDS did not derive at least 50 percent of its gross income from broker-dealer operations, Jefferies had to quit the New York exchange under Exchange Rule 318. In 1971, IDS and Jefferies filed an antitrust lawsuit against the exchange, seeking $6 million in damages. Jefferies and its parent company claimed that the NYSE Big Board was an illegal monopoly and that exclusion had placed the company at a competitive disadvantage. In 1973 the presiding judge informed the NYSE that he planned to rule in Jefferies favour. Membership was opened to brokerage firms owned by other kinds of companies, so long as 80 percent of brokerage was conducted with the public. Jefferies rejoined the exchange in March 1973.
The period during which IDS owned Jefferies was tumultuous and ultimately in September 1973 Boyd Jefferies bought back the company, then based in Los Angeles. By 1977, Jefferies had expanded with offices in Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Dallas, Boston, and Atlanta.
Jefferies went public on October 13, 1983, with an initial offering of 1.75 million shares at $13 per share. By 1984, according to "Business Week", Jefferies was among the ten most profitable publicly held brokerages. International expansion led the company to develop a new overseas office in London, headed by Frank Baxter. In 1986, Baxter became president and chief operating officer, returning to New York to manage the company. 
In 1987, Boyd Jefferies was charged by the government and the Securities and Exchange Commission with two securities violations: "parking" stock for a customer Ivan Boesky and a customer margin violation. Jefferies, who had also earlier testified against Boesky, pleaded guilty; receiving a fine and a probation barring him from the securities industry for five years. The company itself was not charged but its brokerage unit was censured by the SEC. Boyd Jefferies resigned from the company in 1987.
1988–1999.
Frank Baxter took over as CEO in 1987 and under his leadership the company focused on diversification, moving beyond its third market niche. In 1990, Jefferies derived approximately 80 percent of its revenues from equity block trades. In that year, following the collapse of Los Angeles-based Drexel Burnham Lambert, the fifth largest investment bank at the time, Jefferies hired 60 of its bankers and traders, including Jefferies' current chairman and CEO, Richard B. Handler. The hires marked the firm's entry into the high yield markets and investment banking. Three years later Jefferies launched its first sector-focused investment banking effort by hiring a group of bankers from Howard Weil, an oil and gas specialty boutique. In March 1994, Jefferies acquired a 25% stake in BBY Ltd, an Australian stockbroking and corporate advisory firm.
Baxter's expansion plans also included global expansion in electronic trading, corporate finance, international convertible sales and derivative sales. Jefferies also moved quickly into the fourth market: off-exchange, computer-based (electronic) trading. In the fourth market the broker's position was eliminated by the Portfolio System for Institutional Trading (POSIT) that traded portfolios and matched buyers and sellers automatically. The company created a wholly owned subsidiary, Investment Technology Group in 1987 to run POSIT. Investment Technology Group was eventually spun off as a separate public company in 1999.
2000 onward.
In January 2000 Frank Baxter stepped down as president of Jefferies and relinquished the CEO title later that year. In January 2001, Handler became Chairman and CEO; and John Shaw became sole president and COO. Handler and Shaw set out to build a fully integrated investment bank and to develop a merchant bank. The new leadership proposed to give equity to every employee and diversify the firm's revenue with asset management, a more aggressive buildup of investment banking and merchant banking. In September 2001, the firm moved its headquarters from Los Angeles to New York. During this period, Jefferies built its investment banking division primarily by acquiring boutique advisory firms with specific sector expertise, most notably Randall & Dewey (energy) and Broadview (technology). Significant acquisitions during this period included:
Beginning in 2008, Jefferies took advantage of the dislocation created during the credit crisis to enter several new business segments, including mortgage-backed securities and municipal bonds. On June 17, 2009, after several primary dealers, including Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, and Merrill Lynch, either collapsed or were acquired by other firms, Jefferies was named one of just 17 primary dealers participating in the New York Fed's open-market buying and selling of securities and Treasury auctions and providing market information to the New York Fed.
Beginning in 2009 the firm expanded its European businesses. Its new European Rates unit, based in London, became an official member of the Federal Republic of Germany's bidding group in October 2009, a Gilt-Edged Market Maker (GEMM) appointed jointly by the UK Debt Management Office and London Stock Exchange, and was recognized as a Dutch Primary Dealer by the Dutch State Treasury, both in December 2009. Additionally, in February 2010 Jefferies was appointed as an EBT (Especialistas em Bilhetes do Tesouro) for Treasury Bills and as an OMP (Operadores de Mercado Primário) for long-term bonds by the Portuguese Treasury and Government Debt Agency (Instituto de Gestão da Tesouraria e do Crédito Público, IGCP). Jefferies is also providing liquidity across the whole spectrum of other European government bonds.
In June 2009 the firm hired more than 35 healthcare-focused investment banking professionals from UBS. UBS’s health care group, then led by Benjamin Lorello, was a major moneymaker for the firm. The group had closed more than $567 billion in transactions since 2005, generating in excess of $1 billion in revenues for UBS. Since moving to Jefferies, the healthcare group has been ranked the #1 bookrunner in number of healthcare follow-on equity transactions and the #1 ranked financial advisor in number of healthcare M&A transactions.
In November 2011, Jefferies was accused by Egan-Jones of having 77% of its shareholder's equity tied up in the same illiquid sovereign debt securities that just toppled MF Global. This was accompanied by a concurrent large-scale short seller attack and a campaign of what turned out to be misinformation. Handler and the management team responded with unprecedented immediacy and transparency, collapsed 75% of the position to prove the bonds were hedged and highly liquid, sharply reduced the rest of Jefferies balance sheet and publicly addressed every false accusation. This aggressive and unconventional response resulted in an evenutual 100% increase in Jefferies share price from the November lows. Leucadia, a 29% shareholder, later called this event Jefferies' "finest hour." 
On April 16, 2012 Jefferies CEO Richard Handler and Chairman of the Executive Committee Brian Friedman formed the Jefferies Global Senior Advisory Board which includes James D Robinson III, Lord Hollick, Michael Goldstein, Bernard Bourigeaud, Dennis Archer, Gilles Pélisson and Sir David Reid.
On August 1, 2012, Knight Capital took a pre-tax loss of $440m due to a trading glitch. On Sunday Aug 5 the company managed to raise around $400 million from six investors led by Jefferies in an attempt to stay in business after the trading error. Jefferies CEO Richard Handler and Executive Committee Chair Brian Friedman structured and led the rescue and Jefferies purchased $125 million of the $400 million investment and became Knight's largest shareholder.
On November 12, 2012, Jefferies announced its merger with Leucadia, its largest (28%) shareholder. Leucadia is often referred to as a Baby Berkshire because of its similarities to Berkshire Hathaway. Jefferies was valued at $3.8 billion and at the time of the acquisition the newly combined company had $9.4 billion of shareholder's equity, over $5 billion of cash, and $4 billion of NOL tax credits. Jefferies remains independent and is the largest operating company within Leucadia. Richard Handler became CEO of Leucadia while retaining his position as CEO of Jefferies. Brian Friedman became President of Leucadia while retaining his duties at Jefferies. Ian Cumming retired as CEO of Leucadia and remains a Board Member and Joe Steinberg became Chairman of Leucadia.
Operations.
Jefferies has coverage groups spanning across all industries including Aerospace & Defense, Business Services, CleanTech, Consumer & Retail, Energy, Financial Institutions Group, Financial Sponsors, Gaming & Leisure, Healthcare, Industrials, Maritime, Media, Public Finance, Real Estate & Lodging, Technology, and Telecommunications. 
The firm also provides investors fundamental research and trade execution in equity, equity-linked, and fixed income securities, including corporate bonds, United States government and agency securities, repo finance, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, municipal bonds, whole loans, and emerging market debt, as well as commodities and derivatives. In addition, Jefferies provides asset management services and products to institutions and other investors.
The Group Global Headquarters located in New York, European Headquarters located in London & Asia Headquarters located in Hong Kong, Jefferies has over 30 offices worldwide including Boston, Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Silicon Valley area as well as in leading financial centers around the world that include Frankfurt, Zürich, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, and Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="2894536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894536" title="Bailey v. Alabama">
Bailey v. Alabama

Bailey v. Alabama, , was a United States Supreme Court case which overturned the peonage laws of Alabama. 
The Supreme Court considered the validity of the Alabama state court’s ruling that Alabama statute (§ 4730 of the Code of Alabama of 1896, as amended in 1903 and 1907) was constitutional. The law read:
"Any person who, with intent to injure or defraud his employer, enters into a contract in writing for the performance of any act of service, and thereby obtains money or other personal property from such employer, and with like intent, and without just cause, and without refunding such money, or paying for such property, refuses or fails to perform such act or service, must on conviction be punished. . . “
Alonzo Bailey was an African American from Alabama who agreed to work for The Riverside Company for one year at $12 per month. He received an advance of $15. After working for a little over a month he stopped work, but did not refund any money. According to Alabama law such refusal to work and refund the money was "prima facie" evidence of intent to defraud. The evidence presented against Bailey at trial was testimony that he stopped working, without cause, failed to repay the $15 advanced to him and that he was a Negro. 
The United States Supreme Court found that holding a person criminally liable for taking money for work not performed was akin to indentured servitude, outlawed by the Thirteenth Amendment, insofar as it required that person to work rather than be found guilty of a crime.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court began its majority analysis, written by Associate Justice Charles Evans Hughes, by dismissing any importance of fact that the plaintiff was a black man. The Court then analyzed the statute at issue using the Alabama Supreme Court’s decision in Ex Parte Riley, 94 Ala. 82 (1892) and stated “o justify conviction, it was necessary that this intent should be established by competent evidence, aided only by such inferences as might logically be derived from the facts proved, and should not be the subject of mere surmise or arbitrary assumption.” However, after the 1903 amendment to the Alabama law at issue here, the prosecution no longer had to prove intent to injure or defraud. The Court took issue with that change stating: 
"hatever the reason for leaving the service, if, judged by the terms of the contract, it is insufficient in law, it is not ‘just cause.’ The money received and repayable, nothing more being shown, constitutes a mere debt. The asserted difficulty of proving the intent to injure or defraud is thus made the occasion for dispensing with such proof, so far as the prima facie case is concerned.“
The Court continued by stating that without the inference created by statute in this case, Bailey would not have been convicted. The Court then turned to the constitutionality of compulsory service as required by the law. 
lthought the statute in terms is to punish fraud, still its natural and inevitable effect is to expose to conviction for crime those who simply fail or refuse to perform contracts for personal service in liquidation of a debt; and judging its purpose by its effect, that it seeks in this way to provide the means of compulsion through which performance of such service may be secured."
The Court continued by discussing the meaning of the 13th Amendment and the broad reading of involuntary servitude. Further, in discussing peonage, stated, he essence of the thing is compulsory service in payment of a debt. A peon is one who is compelled to work for his creditor until his debt is paid.” The Court again discussed the broad interpretation of the 13th Amendment, “in this explicit and comprehensive enactment, Congress was not concerned with mere names or manner of description . . . It was concerned with a fact, wherever it might exist; with a condition, however named and wherever it might be established, maintained, or enforced.” Analyzing the law by its effects rather than its pretense, the Court held that a contract may expose a debtor to the responsibility for his debt, but not enforced labor. 
Finally, the Court states, “what the state may not do directly, it may not do indirectly.” Thus, the creation of a statutory presumption to facilitate convictions for failure to pay a debt that could not be otherwise prosecuted was found to be invalid. Further, the peonage laws of Alabama were found to be contrary to the 13th Amendment and therefore unconstitutional. 
Justice Oliver Holmes dissented in this case. His analysis stated that adding a criminal sanction to a law with civil liability already in place goes to strengthen the law itself. Further, if a fine may be imposed, there must be punishment for non-payment, which in this case is prison. His logic continued by stating that indentured servitude as a punishment for a crime is expressly outside the reach of the 13th amendment. Justice Holmes summarized his own argument as:
"To sum up, I think that obtaining money by fraud may be made a crime as well as murder or theft; that a false representation, expressed or implied, at the time of making a contract of labor, that one intends to perform it, and thereby obtaining an advance, may be declared a case of fraudulently obtaining money as well as any other; that if made a crime it may be punished like any other crime; and that an unjustified departure from the promised service without repayment may be declared a sufficient case to go to the jury for their judgment; all without in any way infringing the 13th Amendment or the statutes of the United States."

</doc>
<doc id="2894539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894539" title="Frugality">
Frugality

Frugality is the quality of being frugal, sparing, thrifty, prudent or economical in the consumption of consumable resources such as food, time or money, and avoiding waste, lavishness or extravagance.
In behavioural science, frugality has been defined as the tendency to acquire goods and services in a restrained manner, and resourceful use of already owned economic goods and services, to achieve a longer term goal.
Strategies.
Common strategies of frugality include the reduction of waste, curbing costly habits, suppressing instant gratification by means of fiscal self-restraint, seeking efficiency, avoiding traps, defying expensive social norms, embracing cost-free options, using barter, and staying well-informed about local circumstances and both market and product/service realities. Frugality may contribute to health by leading people to avoid products that are both expensive and unhealthy when used to excess. Frugal living is mainly practised by those who aim to cut expenses, have more money, and get the most they possibly can from their money.,
Philosophy.
In the context of some belief systems, frugality is a "philosophy" in which one does not trust (or is deeply wary of) "expert" knowledge from commercial markets or corporate cultures, claiming to know what is in the best economic, material, or spiritual interests of the individual.
Different spiritual communities consider frugality to be a virtue or a spiritual discipline. The Religious Society of Friends and the Puritans are examples of such groups. The basic philosophy behind this is the idea that people ought to save money in order to allocate it to more charitable purposes, such as helping others in need.
There are also environmentalists who consider frugality to be a virtue through which humans can make use of their ancestral skills as hunter-gatherers, carrying little and needing little, and finding meaning in nature instead of man-made conventions or religion. Henry David Thoreau expressed a similar philosophy in "Walden", with his zest for self-reliance and minimal possessions while living simply in the woods.
Corporate world.
Frugality has been adopted as a strategic imperative by large enterprises as a means of cost reduction through engenderment of a philosophy of careful spending amongst the workforce. Cost reduction is often perceived negatively, be it within a corporate organisation or in society, so inviting each employee to embrace frugality transfers the burden of cost reduction from management to the employee. In doing so, corporations introduce a moral obligation to cost cutting, proposing the notion that careful management of costs is in the company, shareholder and employee's best interests. If done successfully, there are many benefits, including the efficiencies of scale aspect when summing up individual contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="2894541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894541" title="Kevington">
Kevington

Kevington is a town in Victoria, Australia, located south of Jamieson on the Mansfield - Woods Point Road, in the Shire of Mansfield. The Goulburn River runs through Kevington.
The town began as a small settlement in 1862 when J. S. Garrett opened a beer house on the road between Jamieson and Gaffneys Creek. When gold was discovered at the nearby Lucks All and Star Of The West mines, the settlement grew to include stores, butchers, and private residences. The town was surveyed and named Kevington. Eventually the town died, and the nearby town of Mack's Creek took on the name Kevington. The Post Office at Mack's Creek opened on November 1, 1865 and was renamed Kevington on October 1, 1884 (closing in 1974).
The Kevington Hotel (popularly known as the Kevington Hilton or the Kevy Pub) currently stands on the site of Garrett's original beer house. The Kevington Hotel has been recently refurbished. [http://www.kevingtonhotel.com.au]

</doc>
<doc id="2894543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894543" title="Hanna Fenichel Pitkin">
Hanna Fenichel Pitkin

Hanna Fenichel Pitkin (born July 17, 1931) is a political theorist. She is a Professor Emerita of Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley. Daughter of Otto Fenichel, Pitkin was born in Berlin and emigrated to the United States in 1938. She received her Ph.D. from UC Berkeley in 1961. In 1982, she was granted the Distinguished Teaching Award from UC Berkeley.
Pitkin's diverse interests range from the history of European political thought from ancient to modern times, through ordinary language philosophy and textual analysis, to issues of psychoanalysis and gender in political and social theory.
Pitkin's books are "The Concept of Representation" (1967), "Wittgenstein and Justice" (1972, 1984, 1992), and "Fortune Is a Woman: Gender and Politics in the Thought of Niccolò Machiavelli" (1984, 1999), in addition to numerous articles and edited volumes. In 1998 she published "The Attack of the Blob: Hannah Arendt's Concept of "the Social"".
In 2003, she was awarded the Johan Skytte Prize in Political Science "for her groundbreaking theoretical work, predominantly on the problem of representation". She was married to political theorist John Schaar.
Some of her students are noteworthy political scientists such as Dan Avnon (Hebrew University,
Jerusalem) and Lisa Wedeen (University of Chicago).

</doc>
<doc id="2894549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894549" title="Robert Collyer">
Robert Collyer

Robert Collyer (1823–1912) was an English-born American Unitarian clergyman.
Biography.
Collyer was born in Keighley, Yorkshire, England, on December 8, 1823; the family moved to Blubberhouses within a month of his birth. At the age of eight he was compelled to leave school and support himself by work in a linen factory. He was naturally studious, however, and supplemented his scant schooling by night study. At fourteen he was apprenticed to a blacksmith, Jacky Birch—who had taught the trade to Samuel Collyer, Robert's father, in Blubberhouses–and for several years worked at this trade at Ilkley. In 1849 he became a local Methodist minister. In the same year, his wife Harriet died on 1 February, and his infant daughter Jane on 4 February.
In the following year emigrated to the United States, where he obtained employment as a hammer maker at Shoemakersville, Pennsylvania. Here he soon began to preach on Sundays while still employed in the factory on weekdays. His earnest, rugged, simple style of oratory made him extremely popular, and at once secured for him a wide reputation. His advocacy of anti-slavery principles, then frowned upon by the Methodist authorities, aroused opposition, and eventually resulted in his trial for heresy and the revocation of his licence. He continued, however, as an independent preacher and lecturer, and in 1859, having joined the Unitarian Church, became a missionary of that church in Chicago, Illinois working as the first minister-at-large of the First Unitarian Church of Chicago. In 1860 he organized and became pastor of the Unity Church, the second Unitarian church in Chicago. Under his guidance the church grew to be one of the strongest of that denomination in the West, and Collyer himself came to be looked upon as one of the foremost pulpit orators in the country. During the American Civil War, he was active in the work of the Sanitary Commission. In 1879 he left Chicago and became pastor of the Church of the Messiah, now renamed the Community Church in New York City. Later he brought his old friend, the popular writer and hymnodist, Minot Judson Savage, to assist him in his ministry. In 1883, when he visited Birmingham in England, he engaged Marie Bethell Beauclerc to report and edit his sermons and prayers which were published during the same year. In 1903 Collyer became pastor emeritus. He died in 1912.
Publications.
He published: 

</doc>
<doc id="2894560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894560" title="History of artificial intelligence">
History of artificial intelligence

The history of artificial intelligence (AI) began in ancient history, with myths, stories and rumors of artificial beings endowed with intelligence or consciousness by master craftsmen; as Pamela McCorduck writes, AI began with "an ancient wish to forge the gods."
The seeds of modern AI were planted by classical philosophers who attempted to describe the process of human thinking as the mechanical manipulation of symbols. This work culminated in the invention of the programmable digital computer in the 1940s, a machine based on the abstract essence of mathematical reasoning. This device and the ideas behind it inspired a handful of scientists to begin seriously discussing the possibility of building an electronic brain.
The field of AI research was founded at a conference on the campus of Dartmouth College in the summer of 1956. Those who attended would become the leaders of AI research for decades. Many of them predicted that a machine as intelligent as a human being would exist in no more than a generation and they were given millions of dollars to make this vision come true. Eventually it became obvious that they had grossly underestimated the difficulty of the project. In 1973, in response to the criticism of James Lighthill and ongoing pressure from congress, the U.S. and British Governments stopped funding undirected research into artificial intelligence. Seven years later, a visionary initiative by the Japanese Government inspired governments and industry to provide AI with billions of dollars, but by the late 80s the investors became disillusioned and withdrew funding again. This cycle of boom and bust, of "AI winters" and summers, continues to haunt the field. Undaunted, there are those who make extraordinary predictions even now.
Progress in AI has continued, despite the rise and fall of its reputation in the eyes of government bureaucrats and venture capitalists. Problems that had begun to seem impossible in 1970 have been solved and the solutions are now used in successful commercial products. However, no machine has been built with a human level of intelligence, contrary to the optimistic predictions of the first generation of AI researchers. "We can only see a short distance ahead," admitted Alan Turing, in a famous 1950 paper that catalyzed the modern search for machines that think. "But," he added, "we can see much that must be done."
Precursors.
AI in myth, fiction and speculation.
Mechanical men and artificial beings appear in Greek myths, such as the golden robots of Hephaestus and Pygmalion's Galatea.
In the Middle Ages, there were rumors of secret mystical or alchemical means of placing mind into matter, such as Jābir ibn Hayyān's "Takwin", Paracelsus' homunculus and Rabbi Judah Loew's Golem.
By the 19th century, ideas about artificial men and thinking machines were developed in fiction, as in Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein" or Karel Čapek's "R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots)",
and speculation, such as Samuel Butler's "Darwin among the Machines."
AI has continued to be an important element of science fiction into the present.
Automatons.
Realistic humanoid automatons were built by craftsman from every civilization, including Yan Shi,
Hero of Alexandria,
Al-Jazari
and Wolfgang von Kempelen.
The oldest known automatons were the sacred statues of ancient Egypt and Greece. The faithful believed that craftsman had imbued these figures with very real minds, capable of wisdom and emotion—Hermes Trismegistus wrote that "by discovering the true nature of the gods, man has been able to reproduce it."
Formal reasoning.
Artificial intelligence is based on the assumption that the process of human thought can be mechanized. The study of mechanical—or "formal"—reasoning has a long history. Chinese, Indian and Greek philosophers all developed structured methods of formal deduction in the first millennium BCE. Their ideas were developed over the centuries by philosophers such as Aristotle (who gave a formal analysis of the syllogism), Euclid (whose "Elements" was a model of formal reasoning), (who developed algebra and gave his name to "algorithm") and European scholastic philosophers such as William of Ockham and Duns Scotus.
Majorcan philosopher Ramon Llull (1232–1315) developed several "logical machines" devoted to the production of knowledge by logical means; Llull described his machines as mechanical entities that could combine basic and undeniable truths by simple logical operations, produced by the machine by mechanical meanings, in such ways as to produce all the possible knowledge. Llull's work had a great influence on Gottfried Leibniz, who redeveloped his ideas.
In the 17th century, Leibniz, Thomas Hobbes and René Descartes explored the possibility that all rational thought could be made as systematic as algebra or geometry.
Hobbes famously wrote in "Leviathan": "reason is nothing but reckoning".
Leibniz envisioned a universal language of reasoning (his "characteristica universalis") which would reduce argumentation to calculation, so that "there would be no more need of disputation between two philosophers than between two accountants. For it would suffice to take their pencils in hand, down to their slates, and to say each other (with a friend as witness, if they liked): "Let us calculate"."
These philosophers had begun to articulate the physical symbol system hypothesis that would become the guiding faith of AI research.
In the 20th century, the study of mathematical logic provided the essential breakthrough that made artificial intelligence seem plausible. The foundations had been set by such works as Boole's "The Laws of Thought" and Frege's "Begriffsschrift". Building on Frege's system, Russell and Whitehead presented a formal treatment of the foundations of mathematics in their masterpiece, the "Principia Mathematica" in 1913. Inspired by Russell's success, David Hilbert challenged mathematicians of the 1920s and 30s to answer this fundamental question: "can all of mathematical reasoning be formalized?"
His question was answered by Gödel's incompleteness proof, Turing's machine and Church's Lambda calculus.
Their answer was surprising in two ways. First, they proved that there were, in fact, limits to what mathematical logic could accomplish.
But second (and more important for AI) their work suggested that, within these limits, "any" form of mathematical reasoning could be mechanized. The Church-Turing thesis implied that a mechanical device, shuffling symbols as simple as 0 and 1, could imitate any conceivable process of mathematical deduction. The key insight was the Turing machine—a simple theoretical construct that captured the essence of abstract symbol manipulation. This invention would inspire a handful of scientists to begin discussing the possibility of thinking machines.
Computer science.
Calculating machines were built in antiquity and improved throughout history by many mathematicians, including (once again) philosopher Gottfried Leibniz. In the early 19th century, Charles Babbage designed a programmable computer (the Analytical Engine), although it was never built. Ada Lovelace speculated that the machine "might compose elaborate and scientific pieces of music of any degree of complexity or extent". (She is often credited as the first programmer because of a set of notes she wrote that completely detail a method for calculating Bernoulli numbers with the Engine.)
The first modern computers were the massive code breaking machines of the Second World War (such as Z3, ENIAC and Colossus). The latter two of these machines were based on the theoretical foundation laid by Alan Turing and developed by John von Neumann.
The birth of artificial intelligence 1943–1956.
"A note on the sections in this article".
In the 1940s and 50s, a handful of scientists from a variety of fields (mathematics, psychology, engineering, economics and political science) began to discuss the possibility of creating an artificial brain. The field of artificial intelligence research was founded as an academic discipline in 1956.
Cybernetics and early neural networks.
The earliest research into thinking machines was inspired by a confluence of ideas that became prevalent in the late 30s, 40s and early 50s. Recent research in neurology had shown that the brain was an electrical network of neurons that fired in all-or-nothing pulses. Norbert Wiener's cybernetics described control and stability in electrical networks. Claude Shannon's information theory described digital signals (i.e., all-or-nothing signals). Alan Turing's theory of computation showed any form computation could be described digitally. The close relationship between these ideas suggested that it might be possible to construct an electronic brain.
Examples of work in this vein includes robots such as W. Grey Walter's turtles and the Johns Hopkins Beast. These machines did not use computers, digital electronics or symbolic reasoning; they were controlled entirely by analog circuitry.
Walter Pitts and Warren McCulloch analyzed networks of idealized artificial neurons and showed how they might perform simple logical functions. They were the first to describe what later researchers would call a neural network. One of the students inspired by Pitts and McCulloch was a young Marvin Minsky, then a 24-year old graduate student. In 1951 (with Dean Edmonds) he built the first neural net machine, the SNARC.
Minsky was to become one of the most important leaders and innovators in AI for the next 50 years.
Game AI.
In 1951, using the Ferranti Mark 1 machine of the University of Manchester, Christopher Strachey wrote a checkers program and Dietrich Prinz wrote one for chess. Arthur Samuel's checkers program, developed in the middle 50s and early 60s, eventually achieved sufficient skill to challenge a respectable amateur. Game AI would continue to be used as a measure of progress in AI throughout its history.
Turing's test.
In 1950 Alan Turing published a landmark paper in which he speculated about the possibility of creating machines with true intelligence.
He noted that "intelligence" is difficult to define and devised his famous Turing Test. If a machine could carry on a conversation (over a teleprinter) that was indistinguishable from a conversation with a human being, then the machine could be called "intelligent." This simplified version of the problem allowed Turing to argue convincingly that a "thinking machine" was at least "plausible" and the paper answered all the most common objections to the proposition. The Turing Test was the first serious proposal in the philosophy of artificial intelligence.
Symbolic reasoning and the Logic Theorist.
When access to digital computers became possible in the middle fifties, a few scientists instinctively recognized that a machine that could manipulate numbers could also manipulate symbols and that the manipulation of symbols could well be the essence of human thought. This was a new approach to creating thinking machines.
In 1955, Allen Newell and (future Nobel Laureate) Herbert A. Simon created the "Logic Theorist" (with help from J. C. Shaw). The program would eventually prove 38 of the first 52 theorems in Russell and Whitehead's "Principia Mathematica", and find new and more elegant proofs for some.
Simon said that they had "solved the venerable mind/body problem, explaining how a system composed of matter can have the properties of mind."
Dartmouth Conference 1956: the birth of AI.
The Dartmouth Conference of 1956
was organized by Marvin Minsky, John McCarthy and two senior scientists: Claude Shannon and Nathan Rochester of IBM. The proposal for the conference included this assertion: "every aspect of learning or any other feature of intelligence can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it".
The participants included Ray Solomonoff, Oliver Selfridge, Trenchard More, Arthur Samuel, Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon, all of whom would create important programs during the first decades of AI research.
At the conference Newell and Simon debuted the "Logic Theorist" and McCarthy persuaded the attendees to accept "Artificial Intelligence" as the name of the field.
The 1956 Dartmouth conference was the moment that AI gained its name, its mission, its first success and its major players, and is widely considered the birth of AI.
The golden years 1956–1974.
The years after the Dartmouth conference were an era of discovery, of sprinting across new ground. The programs that were developed during this time were, to most people, simply "astonishing": computers were solving algebra word problems, proving theorems in geometry and learning to speak English. Few at the time would have believed that such "intelligent" behavior by machines was possible at all. Researchers expressed an intense optimism in private and in print, predicting that a fully intelligent machine would be built in less than 20 years. Government agencies like ARPA poured money into the new field.
The work.
There were many successful programs and new directions in the late 50s and 1960s. Among the most influential were these:
Reasoning as search.
Many early AI programs used the same basic algorithm. To achieve some goal (like winning a game or proving a theorem), they proceeded step by step towards it (by making a move or a deduction) as if searching through a maze, backtracking whenever they reached a dead end. This paradigm was called "reasoning as search".
The principal difficulty was that, for many problems, the number of possible paths through the "maze" was simply astronomical (a situation known as a "combinatorial explosion"). Researchers would reduce the search space by using heuristics or "rules of thumb" that would eliminate those paths that were unlikely to lead to a solution.
Newell and Simon tried to capture a general version of this algorithm in a program called the "General Problem Solver". Other "searching" programs were able to accomplish impressive tasks like solving problems in geometry and algebra, such as Herbert Gelernter's Geometry Theorem Prover (1958) and SAINT, written by Minsky's student James Slagle (1961). Other programs searched through goals and subgoals to plan actions, like the STRIPS system developed at Stanford to control the behavior of their robot Shakey.
Natural language.
An important goal of AI research is to allow computers to communicate in natural languages like English. An early success was Daniel Bobrow's program STUDENT, which could solve high school algebra word problems.
A semantic net represents concepts (e.g. "house","door") as nodes and relations among concepts (e.g. "has-a") as links between the nodes. The first AI program to use a semantic net was written by Ross Quillian and the most successful (and controversial) version was Roger Schank's Conceptual dependency theory.
Joseph Weizenbaum's ELIZA could carry out conversations that were so realistic that users occasionally were fooled into thinking they were communicating with a human being and not a program. But in fact, ELIZA had no idea what she was talking about. She simply gave a canned response or repeated back what was said to her, rephrasing her response with a few grammar rules. ELIZA was the first chatterbot.
Micro-worlds.
In the late 60s, Marvin Minsky and Seymour Papert of the MIT AI Laboratory proposed that AI research should focus on artificially simple situations known as micro-worlds. They pointed out that in successful sciences like physics, basic principles were often best understood using simplified models like frictionless planes or perfectly rigid bodies. Much of the research focused on a "blocks world," which consists of colored blocks of various shapes and sizes arrayed on a flat surface.
This paradigm led to innovative work in machine vision by Gerald Sussman (who led the team), Adolfo Guzman, David Waltz (who invented "constraint propagation"), and especially Patrick Winston. At the same time, Minsky and Papert built a robot arm that could stack blocks, bringing the blocks world to life. The crowning achievement of the micro-world program was Terry Winograd's SHRDLU. It could communicate in ordinary English sentences, plan operations and execute them.
The optimism.
The first generation of AI researchers made these predictions about their work:
The money.
In June 1963, MIT received a $2.2 million grant from the newly created Advanced Research Projects Agency (later known as DARPA). The money was used to fund project MAC which subsumed the "AI Group" founded by Minsky and McCarthy five years earlier. ARPA continued to provide three million dollars a year until the 70s.
ARPA made similar grants to Newell and Simon's program at CMU and to the Stanford AI Project (founded by John McCarthy in 1963). Another important AI laboratory was established at Edinburgh University by Donald Michie in 1965.
These four institutions would continue to be the main centers of AI research (and funding) in academia for many years.
The money was proffered with few strings attached: J. C. R. Licklider, then the director of ARPA, believed that his organization should "fund people, not projects!" and allowed researchers to pursue whatever directions might interest them. This created a freewheeling atmosphere at MIT that gave birth to the hacker culture, but this "hands off" approach would not last.
The first AI winter 1974–1980.
In the 70s, AI was subject to critiques and financial setbacks. AI researchers had failed to appreciate the difficulty of the problems they faced. Their tremendous optimism had raised expectations impossibly high, and when the promised results failed to materialize, funding for AI disappeared. At the same time, the field of connectionism (or neural nets) was shut down almost completely for 10 years by Marvin Minsky's devastating criticism of perceptrons.
Despite the difficulties with public perception of AI in the late 70s, new ideas were explored in logic programming, commonsense reasoning and many other areas.
The problems.
In the early seventies, the capabilities of AI programs were limited. Even the most impressive could only handle trivial versions of the problems they were supposed to solve; all the programs were, in some sense, "toys". AI researchers had begun to run into several fundamental limits that could not be overcome in the 1970s. Although some of these limits would be conquered in later decades, others still stymie the field to this day.
The end of funding.
The agencies which funded AI research (such as the British government, DARPA and NRC) became frustrated with the lack of progress and eventually cut off almost all funding for undirected research into AI. The pattern began as early as 1966 when the ALPAC report appeared criticizing machine translation efforts. After spending 20 million dollars, the NRC ended all support.
In 1973, the Lighthill report on the state of AI research in England criticized the utter failure of AI to achieve its "grandiose objectives" and led to the dismantling of AI research in that country.
DARPA was deeply disappointed with researchers working on the Speech Understanding Research program at CMU and canceled an annual grant of three million dollars.
By 1974, funding for AI projects was hard to find.
Hans Moravec blamed the crisis on the unrealistic predictions of his colleagues. "Many researchers were caught up in a web of increasing exaggeration."
However, there was another issue: since the passage of the Mansfield Amendment in 1969, DARPA had been under increasing pressure to fund "mission-oriented direct research, rather than basic undirected research". Funding for the creative, freewheeling exploration that had gone on in the 60s would not come from DARPA. Instead, the money was directed at specific projects with clear objectives, such as autonomous tanks and battle management systems.
Critiques from across campus.
Several philosophers had strong objections to the claims being made by AI researchers. One of the earliest was John Lucas, who argued that Gödel's incompleteness theorem showed that a formal system (such as a computer program) could never see the truth of certain statements, while a human being could. Hubert Dreyfus ridiculed the broken promises of the 60s and critiqued the assumptions of AI, arguing that human reasoning actually involved very little "symbol processing" and a great deal of embodied, instinctive, unconscious "know how". John Searle's Chinese Room argument, presented in 1980, attempted to show that a program could not be said to "understand" the symbols that it uses (a quality called "intentionality"). If the symbols have no meaning for the machine, Searle argued, then the machine can not be described as "thinking".
These critiques were not taken seriously by AI researchers, often because they seemed so far off the point. Problems like intractability and commonsense knowledge seemed much more immediate and serious. It was unclear what difference "know how" or "intentionality" made to an actual computer program. Minsky said of Dreyfus and Searle "they misunderstand, and should be ignored." Dreyfus, who taught at MIT, was given a cold shoulder: he later said that AI researchers "dared not be seen having lunch with me." Joseph Weizenbaum, the author of ELIZA, felt his colleagues' treatment of Dreyfus was unprofessional and childish. Although he was an outspoken critic of Dreyfus' positions, he "deliberately made it plain that theirs was not the way to treat a human being."
Weizenbaum began to have serious ethical doubts about AI when Kenneth Colby wrote DOCTOR, a chatterbot therapist. Weizenbaum was disturbed that Colby saw his mindless program as a serious therapeutic tool. A feud began, and the situation was not helped when Colby did not credit Weizenbaum for his contribution to the program. In 1976, Weizenbaum published "Computer Power and Human Reason" which argued that the misuse of artificial intelligence has the potential to devalue human life.
Perceptrons and the dark age of connectionism.
A perceptron was a form of neural network introduced in 1958 by Frank Rosenblatt, who had been a schoolmate of Marvin Minsky at the Bronx High School of Science. Like most AI researchers, he was optimistic about their power, predicting that "perceptron may eventually be able to learn, make decisions, and translate languages." An active research program into the paradigm was carried out throughout the 60s but came to a sudden halt with the publication of Minsky and Papert's 1969 book "Perceptrons". It suggested that there were severe limitations to what perceptrons could do and that Frank Rosenblatt's predictions had been grossly exaggerated. The effect of the book was devastating: virtually no research at all was done in connectionism for 10 years. Eventually, a new generation of researchers would revive the field and thereafter it would become a vital and useful part of artificial intelligence. Rosenblatt would not live to see this, as he died in a boating accident shortly after the book was published.
The neats: logic, Prolog and expert systems.
Logic was introduced into AI research as early as 1958, by John McCarthy in his Advice Taker proposal.
In 1963, J. Alan Robinson had discovered a simple method to implement deduction on computers, the resolution and unification algorithm. However, straightforward implementations, like those attempted by McCarthy and his students in the late 60s, were especially intractable: the programs required astronomical numbers of steps to prove simple theorems. A more fruitful approach to logic was developed in the 70s by Robert Kowalski at the University of Edinburgh, and soon this led to the collaboration with French researchers Alain Colmerauer and Philippe Roussel who created the successful logic programming language Prolog.
Prolog uses a subset of logic (Horn clauses, closely related to "rules" and "production rules") that permit tractable computation. Rules would continue to be influential, providing a foundation for Edward Feigenbaum's expert systems and the continuing work by Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon that would lead to Soar and their unified theories of cognition.
Critics of the logical approach noted, as Dreyfus had, that human beings rarely used logic when they solved problems. Experiments by psychologists like Peter Wason, Eleanor Rosch, Amos Tversky, Daniel Kahneman and others provided proof.
McCarthy responded that what people do is irrelevant. He argued that what is really needed are machines that can solve problems—not machines that think as people do.
The scruffies: frames and scripts.
Among the critics of McCarthy's approach were his colleagues across the country at MIT. Marvin Minsky, Seymour Papert and Roger Schank were trying to solve problems like "story understanding" and "object recognition" that "required" a machine to think like a person. In order to use ordinary concepts like "chair" or "restaurant" they had to make all the same illogical assumptions that people normally made. Unfortunately, imprecise concepts like these are hard to represent in logic. Gerald Sussman observed that "using precise language to describe essentially imprecise concepts doesn't make them any more precise." Schank described their "anti-logic" approaches as "scruffy", as opposed to the "neat" paradigms used by McCarthy, Kowalski, Feigenbaum, Newell and Simon.
In 1975, in a seminal paper, Minsky noted that many of his fellow "scruffy" researchers were using the same kind of tool: a framework that captures all our common sense assumptions about something. For example, if we use the concept of a bird, there is a constellation of facts that immediately come to mind: we might assume that it flies, eats worms and so on. We know these facts are not always true and that deductions using these facts will not be "logical", but these structured sets of assumptions are part of the "context" of everything we say and think. He called these structures "frames". Schank used a version of frames he called "scripts" to successfully answer questions about short stories in English. Many years later object-oriented programming would adopt the essential idea of "inheritance" from AI research on frames.
Boom 1980–1987.
In the 1980s a form of AI program called "expert systems" was adopted by corporations around the world and knowledge became the focus of mainstream AI research. In those same years, the Japanese government aggressively funded AI with its fifth generation computer project. Another encouraging event in the early 1980s was the revival of connectionism in the work of John Hopfield and David Rumelhart. Once again, AI had achieved success.
The rise of expert systems.
An expert system is a program that answers questions or solves problems about a specific domain of knowledge, using logical rules that are derived from the knowledge of experts. The earliest examples were developed by Edward Feigenbaum and his students. Dendral, begun in 1965, identified compounds from spectrometer readings. MYCIN, developed in 1972, diagnosed infectious blood diseases. They demonstrated the feasibility of the approach.
Expert systems restricted themselves to a small domain of specific knowledge (thus avoiding the commonsense knowledge problem) and their simple design made it relatively easy for programs to be built and then modified once they were in place. All in all, the programs proved to be "useful": something that AI had not been able to achieve up to this point.
In 1980, an expert system called XCON was completed at CMU for the Digital Equipment Corporation. It was an enormous success: it was saving the company 40 million dollars annually by 1986. Corporations around the world began to develop and deploy expert systems and by 1985 they were spending over a billion dollars on AI, most of it to in-house AI departments. An industry grew up to support them, including hardware companies like Symbolics and Lisp Machines and software companies such as IntelliCorp and Aion.
The knowledge revolution.
The power of expert systems came from the expert knowledge they contained. They were part of a new direction in AI research that had been gaining ground throughout the 70s. "AI researchers were beginning to suspect—reluctantly, for it violated the scientific canon of parsimony—that intelligence might very well be based on the ability to use large amounts of diverse knowledge in different ways," writes Pamela McCorduck. "he great lesson from the 1970s was that intelligent behavior depended very much on dealing with knowledge, sometimes quite detailed knowledge, of a domain where a given task lay". Knowledge based systems and knowledge engineering became a major focus of AI research in the 1980s.
The 1980s also saw the birth of Cyc, the first attempt to attack the commonsense knowledge problem directly, by creating a massive database that would contain all the mundane facts that the average person knows. Douglas Lenat, who started and led the project, argued that there is no shortcut ― the only way for machines to know the meaning of human concepts is to teach them, one concept at a time, by hand. The project was not expected to be completed for many decades.
The money returns: the fifth generation project.
In 1981, the Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry set aside $850 million for the Fifth generation computer project. Their objectives were to write programs and build machines that could carry on conversations, translate languages, interpret pictures, and reason like human beings. Much to the chagrin of scruffies, they chose Prolog as the primary computer language for the project.
Other countries responded with new programs of their own. The UK began the ₤350 million Alvey project. A consortium of American companies formed the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation (or "MCC") to fund large scale projects in AI and information technology. DARPA responded as well, founding the Strategic Computing Initiative and tripling its investment in AI between 1984 and 1988.
The revival of connectionism.
In 1982, physicist John Hopfield was able to prove that a form of neural network (now called a "Hopfield net") could learn and process information in a completely new way. Around the same time, David Rumelhart popularized a new method for training neural networks called "backpropagation" (discovered years earlier by Paul Werbos). These two discoveries revived the field of connectionism which had been largely abandoned since 1970.
The new field was unified and inspired by the appearance of "Parallel Distributed Processing" in 1986—a two volume collection of papers edited by Rumelhart and psychologist James McClelland. Neural networks would become commercially successful in the 1990s, when they began to be used as the engines driving programs like optical character recognition and speech recognition.
Bust: the second AI winter 1987–1993.
The business community's fascination with AI rose and fell in the 80s in the classic pattern of an economic bubble. The collapse was in the "perception" of AI by government agencies and investors – the field continued to make advances despite the criticism. Rodney Brooks and Hans Moravec, researchers from the related field of robotics, argued for an entirely new approach to artificial intelligence.
AI winter.
The term "AI winter" was coined by researchers who had survived the funding cuts of 1974 when they became concerned that enthusiasm for expert systems had spiraled out of control and that disappointment would certainly follow. Their fears were well founded: in the late 80s and early 90s, AI suffered a series of financial setbacks.
The first indication of a change in weather was the sudden collapse of the market for specialized AI hardware in 1987. Desktop computers from Apple and IBM had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive Lisp machines made by Symbolics and others. There was no longer a good reason to buy them. An entire industry worth half a billion dollars was demolished overnight.
Eventually the earliest successful expert systems, such as XCON, proved too expensive to maintain. They were difficult to update, they could not learn, they were "brittle" (i.e., they could make grotesque mistakes when given unusual inputs), and they fell prey to problems (such as the qualification problem) that had been identified years earlier. Expert systems proved useful, but only in a few special contexts.
In the late 80s, the Strategic Computing Initiative cut funding to AI "deeply and brutally." New leadership at DARPA had decided that AI was not "the next wave" and directed funds towards projects that seemed more likely to produce immediate results.
By 1991, the impressive list of goals penned in 1981 for Japan's Fifth Generation Project had not been met. Indeed, some of them, like "carry on a casual conversation" had not been met by 2010. As with other AI projects, expectations had run much higher than what was actually possible.
The importance of having a body: Nouvelle AI and embodied reason.
In the late 80s, several researchers advocated a completely new approach to artificial intelligence, based on robotics. They believed that, to show real intelligence, a machine needs to have a "body" — it needs to perceive, move, survive and deal with the world. They argued that these sensorimotor skills are essential to higher level skills like commonsense reasoning and that abstract reasoning was actually the "least" interesting or important human skill (see Moravec's paradox). They advocated building intelligence "from the bottom up."
The approach revived ideas from cybernetics and control theory that had been unpopular since the sixties. Another precursor was David Marr, who had come to MIT in the late 70s from a successful background in theoretical neuroscience to lead the group studying vision. He rejected all symbolic approaches ("both" McCarthy's logic and Minsky's frames), arguing that AI needed to understand the physical machinery of vision from the bottom up before any symbolic processing took place. (Marr's work would be cut short by leukemia in 1980.)
In a 1990 paper Elephants Don't Play Chess, robotics researcher Rodney Brooks took direct aim at the physical symbol system hypothesis, arguing that symbols are not always necessary since "the world is its own best model. It is always exactly up to date. It always has every detail there is to be known. The trick is to sense it appropriately and often enough." In the 80s and 90s, many cognitive scientists also rejected the symbol processing model of the mind and argued that the body was essential for reasoning, a theory called the embodied mind thesis.
AI 1993–present.
The field of AI, now more than a half a century old, finally achieved some of its oldest goals. It began to be used successfully throughout the technology industry, although somewhat behind the scenes. Some of the success was due to increasing computer power and some was achieved by focusing on specific isolated problems and pursuing them with the highest standards of scientific accountability. Still, the reputation of AI, in the business world at least, was less than pristine. Inside the field there was little agreement on the reasons for AI's failure to fulfill the dream of human level intelligence that had captured the imagination of the world in the 1960s. Together, all these factors helped to fragment AI into competing subfields focused on particular problems or approaches, sometimes even under new names that disguised the tarnished pedigree of "artificial intelligence". AI was both more cautious and more successful than it had ever been.
Milestones and Moore's Law.
On 11 May 1997, Deep Blue became the first computer chess-playing system to beat a reigning world chess champion, Garry Kasparov. In 2005, a Stanford robot won the DARPA Grand Challenge by driving autonomously for 131 miles along an unrehearsed desert trail. Two years later, a team from CMU won the DARPA Urban Challenge by autonomously navigating 55 miles in an Urban environment while adhering to traffic hazards and all traffic laws. In February 2011, in a Jeopardy! quiz show exhibition match, IBM's question answering system, Watson, defeated the two greatest Jeopardy! champions, Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings, by a significant margin.
These successes were not due to some revolutionary new paradigm, but mostly on the tedious application of engineering skill and on the tremendous power of computers today. In fact, Deep Blue's computer was 10 million times faster than the Ferranti Mark 1 that Christopher Strachey taught to play chess in 1951. This dramatic increase is measured by Moore's law, which predicts that the speed and memory capacity of computers doubles every two years. The fundamental problem of "raw computer power" was slowly being overcome.
Intelligent agents.
A new paradigm called "intelligent agents" became widely accepted during the 90s. Although earlier researchers had proposed modular "divide and conquer" approaches to AI, the intelligent agent did not reach its modern form until Judea Pearl, Allen Newell and others brought concepts from decision theory and economics into the study of AI. When the economist's definition of a rational agent was married to computer science's definition of an object or module, the intelligent agent paradigm was complete.
An intelligent agent is a system that perceives its environment and takes actions which maximize its chances of success. By this definition, simple programs that solve specific problems are "intelligent agents", as are human beings and organizations of human beings, such as firms. The intelligent agent paradigm defines AI research as "the study of intelligent agents". This is a generalization of some earlier definitions of AI: it goes beyond studying human intelligence; it studies all kinds of intelligence.
The paradigm gave researchers license to study isolated problems and find solutions that were both verifiable and useful. It provided a common language to describe problems and share their solutions with each other, and with other fields that also used concepts of abstract agents, like economics and control theory. It was hoped that a complete agent architecture (like Newell's SOAR) would one day allow researchers to build more versatile and intelligent systems out of interacting intelligent agents.
"Victory of the neats".
AI researchers began to develop and use sophisticated mathematical tools more than they ever had in the past. There was a widespread realization that many of the problems that AI needed to solve were already being worked on by researchers in fields like mathematics, economics or operations research. The shared mathematical language allowed both a higher level of collaboration with more established and successful fields and the achievement of results which were measurable and provable; AI had become a more rigorous "scientific" discipline. describe this as nothing less than a "revolution" and "the victory of the neats".
Judea Pearl's highly influential 1988 book brought probability and decision theory into AI. Among the many new tools in use were Bayesian networks, hidden Markov models, information theory, stochastic modeling and classical optimization. Precise mathematical descriptions were also developed for "computational intelligence" paradigms like neural networks and evolutionary algorithms.
AI behind the scenes.
Algorithms originally developed by AI researchers began to appear as parts of larger systems. AI had solved a lot of very difficult problems
and their solutions proved to be useful throughout the technology industry, such as
data mining,
industrial robotics,
logistics,
speech recognition,
banking software,
medical diagnosis
and Google's search engine.
The field of AI receives little or no credit for these successes. Many of AI's greatest innovations have been reduced to the status of just another item in the tool chest of computer science. Nick Bostrom explains "A lot of cutting edge AI has filtered into general applications, often without being called AI because once something becomes useful enough and common enough it's not labeled AI anymore."
Many researchers in AI in 1990s deliberately called their work by other names, such as informatics, knowledge-based systems, cognitive systems or computational intelligence. In part, this may be because they considered their field to be fundamentally different from AI, but also the new names help to procure funding. In the commercial world at least, the failed promises of the AI Winter continue to haunt AI research, as the New York Times reported in 2005: "Computer scientists and software engineers avoided the term artificial intelligence for fear of being viewed as wild-eyed dreamers."
Where is HAL 9000?
In 1968, Arthur C. Clarke and Stanley Kubrick had imagined that by the year , a machine would exist with an intelligence that matched or exceeded the capability of human beings. The character they created, HAL 9000, was based on a belief shared by many leading AI researchers that such a machine would exist by the year 2001.
Marvin Minsky asks "So the question is why didn't we get HAL in 2001?" Minsky believes that the answer is that the central problems, like commonsense reasoning, were being neglected, while most researchers pursued things like commercial applications of neural nets or genetic algorithms. John McCarthy, on the other hand, still blames the qualification problem. For Ray Kurzweil, the issue is computer power and, using Moore's Law, he predicts that machines with human-level intelligence will appear by 2029. Jeff Hawkins argues that neural net research ignores the essential properties of the human cortex, preferring simple models that have been successful at solving simple problems. There are many other explanations and for each there is a corresponding research program underway.

</doc>
<doc id="2894564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894564" title="Timothy Mahr">
Timothy Mahr

Timothy Mahr (born March 20, 1956) is a professor of music at St. Olaf College, and an American composer and conductor. 
Early life.
Mahr was born in Reedsburg, Wisconsin. He earned a Bachelor of Music degree in Theory and Composition in 1977 and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Music Education in 1978, both from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota. In 1983 he completed a Master's degree at the University of Iowa in Trombone Performance. He completed his doctorate Musical Arts in Instrumental Conducting in 1995, also from the University of Iowa. Currently, he is a professor of music at St. Olaf College and conductor of the St. Olaf Band. Mahr teaches courses in composition, music education, and conducting.
Professional work.
He is Past President of the North Central Division of the College Band Directors National Association (1999–2001) and has served on the board of directors of the National Band Association and the Minnesota Band Directors Association. Mahr remains active as a guest conductor and clinician, in demand as a guest composer/conductor on over 35 college and university campuses.
Mahr's compositions have been performed by ensembles worldwide, and many have been published. The first recipient of a commission from the American Bandmasters Association Commissioning Project, Mahr continues to be commissioned by universities, colleges, high schools, state band associations and community groups nationally. Notable commissions include works for the , the Kappa Kappa Psi/Tau Beta Sigma National Intercollegiate Band, the 50th anniversary of the American School Band Directors Association and the United States Air Force Band. He received the 1991 ABA/Ostwald Award for his work "The Soaring Hawk." Mahr was elected to membership in the American Bandmasters Associations in 1993.
Mahr conducted the Massachusetts All-State band at Symphony Hall in Boston (2000). This performance featured his outstanding original score, "Endurance," based on Shackleton's attempt to reach the South Pole.
In 2010, Mahr was a clinician for the 50th anniversary of the WELS National Band Festival in Onalaska, WI at Luther High School. He composed the piece "Tres Solas" (which has not been released yet) specifically for this event.
Accomplishments.
Mahr is perhaps best known for his compositions for concert band, including the highly descriptive tone poem "The Soaring Hawk" (1990), and "Endurance" (1991) (commissioned by the American Bandmasters Association Commissioning Project). His compositions are often performed by high school and university symphony bands and wind ensembles, but professional groups, such as the Minnesota Symphonic Winds and the United States Air Force Band also perform his works.
Family life.
He is married to Jill Mahr, music performer and educator, and they have two daughters, Jenna and Hannah.

</doc>
<doc id="2894565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894565" title="Hay River (Wisconsin)">
Hay River (Wisconsin)

The Hay River is a tributary of the Red Cedar River in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. It is about 50 mi (80 km) long. Via the Red Cedar and Chippewa Rivers, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
Course.
The Hay River begins at the city of Cumberland in Barron County, where it flows from Beaver Dam Lake. It flows generally southwardly through western Barron and northern Dunn Counties, past the villages of Prairie Farm and Wheeler. It joins the Red Cedar River in Dunn County as part of Tainter Lake at a settlement of the same name.
Upstream of Wheeler, the river collects the South Fork Hay River, which rises in southeastern Polk County and flows south-southeastwardly, past the community of Connorsville.

</doc>
<doc id="2894568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894568" title="Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians">
Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians

The Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians of the Agua Caliente Indian Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Cahuilla Indians, located in Riverside County, California.
Reservation.
The Agua Caliente Indian Reservation was founded in 1896 and occupies . Since of the reservation are within Palm Springs city limits, the tribe is the city's largest collective landowner. The tribe owns Indian Canyons, located southwest of Palm Springs. The canyons are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They also own land in the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument.
Government.
The tribe's headquarters is located in Palm Springs, California. They ratified their constitution and bylaws in 1957, gaining federal recognition.
For many years the band was headed by Chairman Richard M. Milanovich until his death on March 11, 2012. Their current tribal council is as follows:
Language.
Agua Caliente is one of three reservations where speakers of the "Pass" dialect of the Cahuilla were located, the other two being the Morongo Indian Reservation and Augustine Indian Reservation. Pass Cahuilla is a dialect of Cahuilla found within the Cupan branch of Takic languages, part of the Uto-Aztecan language family. Though revitalization efforts are underway, all dialects of Cahuilla are technically considered to be extinct as they are no longer spoken at home, and children are no longer learning them as a primary language. The last native speaker of Pass Cahuilla died in 2008.
Programs and economic development.
Tribal programs and family services.
Tribal Family Services was established in 2003 to support social and educational programs for tribal members. Other services include cultural preservation, child development, and scholarships.
The Jane Augustine Patencio Cemetery provides burial services. (Palm Springs artist Carl Eytel is one of the few non-Indians buried in the cemetery.)
Agua Caliente Cultural Museum.
The Agua Caliente Cultural Museum in Palm Springs was founded by the tribe in 1991. It houses permanent collections and archives, a research library, and changing exhibits, as well as hosting an annual film festival.
Spa resort and casinos.
The tribe owns two major casinos: the Spa Resort Casino is located in downtown Palm Springs at the original hot springs and the Agua Caliente Casino Rancho Mirage is in Rancho Mirage, California. The resort at Rancho Mirage also includes a hotel, fitness center and spa, the Canyons Lounge, and seven different restaurants. The Spa Resort Casino, opened in 2003, features gaming, a hotel, the Cascade Lounge, and four restaurants.
Indian Canyons.
Tahquitz Canyon southwest of downtown Palm Springs is accessible for hiking and guided tours. The Indian Canyons (consisting of Palm Canyon, Murray Canyon, and Andreas Canyon) also accessible for hiking, horseback riding, and tours, are south of Palm Springs.
Golf courses.
The tribe also maintains two golf courses in Indian Canyon which are open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="2894578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894578" title="John Joubert">
John Joubert

John Joseph Joubert IV (July 2, 1963 – July 17, 1996) was an American serial killer convicted of the murders of three boys in Maine and Nebraska. He was executed in Nebraska.
Childhood.
Joubert was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts, on July 2, 1963. A bright child, he began reading at age three and borrowing books from a public library at five. He was later found to have an IQ of 123, signifying above average intelligence. Joubert's parents divorced when he was six years old, and he stayed to live with his mother, whom he greatly resented throughout his life as being excessively controlling. His mother forbade him to see his father, and often stood in the way of his developing connections with his peers and spanked him up until he was twelve years old. He also had problems with his peers, who taunted him on the basis of his relatively small build from the time he was in grade school up until high school.
From a very young age, Joubert began having increasingly violent sadistic fantasies. According to three psychiatric reports prepared on Joubert in 1984, his earliest sadistic fantasies began at around the age of six. These fantasies revolved around murdering and cannibalizing a neighborhood girl who babysat him. To one psychiatrist, he described having nothing personal against the girl, seeing her as "just someone to kill."
In 1971, Joubert's mother moved them out of their former house into a rundown apartment. At this time, he was considered an outcast at school, and sought to compensate for these feelings of isolation by joining cub-scouts. It was around this time that his sadistic and homicidal fantasies progressed to the point where he contemplated murdering strangers on the streets, tying and gagging those who resisted him. In one later psychiatric report, he was described as saying that he derived pleasure from the thought of his victims saying "if you are going to do it, get it over with."
In 1974, Joubert's mother moved his family to Portland, Maine, and got a job as a bookkeeper. Here, his family settled in a two-story home in the middle-class Oakdale neighborhood. While he attended school in Portland, his problems with his peers began to intensify. He confessed at the age of twelve to having homosexual tendencies, and was further teased and ostracized because of it.
When he was 13, he stabbed a young girl with a pencil and felt sexually stimulated when she cried in pain. The next day, he took a razor blade and slashed another girl as he biked past her. In another incident, he beat and nearly strangled another boy. He relished the power of bullying, and continued to brutally attack his peers and younger children. At around age 16, he throttled an eight-year-old boy named Chris Day, almost killing him. Each offense occurred with gradually higher intensity, and each time Joubert successfully evaded getting caught.
Murders.
In the city of Portland, Maine, on August 22, 1982, 11-year-old Richard "Ricky" Stetson had gone jogging. When he had not returned by dark, his parents called the police. The next day, a motorist saw the boy's body on the side of the I-295. The attacker appeared to have attempted to undress him, and then stabbed and strangled him. A suspect was arrested for the murder, but his teeth did not match a bite mark on Stetson's body, and so he was released after a year and a half in custody. No additional leads presented themselves in the case until January 1984.
Danny Joe Eberle disappeared while delivering the "Omaha World-Herald" newspaper on Sunday, September 18, 1983, in Bellevue, Nebraska. His brother, who also delivered the newspaper, had not seen him, but he did remember being followed by a white man in a tan car on previous days. It was found that Eberle had delivered only three of the seventy newspapers on his route. At his fourth delivery, his bicycle was discovered along with the rest of the newspapers. There appeared to be no sign of a struggle. Joubert would later describe how he had approached Eberle, drawn a knife, and covered the boy's mouth with his hand. He instructed Eberle to follow him to his truck and drove him to a gravel road outside the town.
After a three-day search, Eberle's body was discovered about four miles (6 km) from his bicycle. He had been stripped to his underwear, his feet and hands had been bound, and his mouth had been taped with surgical tape. Joubert had stabbed him nine times. As a kidnapping, the crime came under the jurisdiction of the federal government of the United States, so the FBI was called in. 
The investigation followed several leads, including a young man who was arrested for molesting two young boys about a week after the crime. He failed a polygraph test and had a false but did not fit the profile the FBI had created for the murderer. He was released due to a lack of evidence. Other known pedophiles in the area were also questioned, but the case went cold due to a scarcity of evidence.
On December 2, Christopher Walden disappeared in Papillion, Nebraska, about three miles (5 km) from where Eberle's body had been found. Witnesses again said they saw a white man in a tan car. Joubert said that he had driven up to Walden as he walked, showed him the sheath of his knife and ordered him into the car. After driving to some railways lines out of town, he ordered Walden to strip to his underwear which he did. But then Walden refused to lie down. After a brief struggle, Joubert overpowered and then stabbed him. Joubert cut Walden's throat so deeply that he was almost decapitated. Walden's body was found two days later five miles (8 km) from the town. Although the crimes were similar, there were differences. Walden had not been bound, had been concealed better, and was thought to have been killed immediately after being abducted.
Arrest.
On January 11, 1984, a preschool teacher in the area of the murders called police to say that she had seen a young man driving in the area. There are conflicting stories as to what occurred - whether the car was loitering or just driving around. When the driver saw the teacher writing down his license plate, he stopped and threatened her before fleeing. The car was not tan, but was traced and found to be rented by John Joubert, an enlisted radar technician from Offutt Air Force Base. It turned out that his own car, a tan Nova sedan, was being repaired. 
A search warrant was issued, and rope consistent with that used to bind Danny Joe Eberle was found in his dorm room. The FBI found that the unusual rope had been made for the United States military in South Korea. Under interrogation, Joubert admitted getting it from the scoutmaster in the troop in which he was an assistant.
Robert K. Ressler, the FBI's head profiler at the time, had immediate access to the information about the two boys in Nebraska and worked up a hypothetical description which matched Joubert in every regard. While he was presenting the case of the two Nebraska boys to a training class at the FBI academy at Quantico, a police officer from Portland, Maine, noted the similarities to a case in his jurisdiction which took place while Joubert lived there prior to joining the Air Force. Bite-mark comparisons proved that Joubert was responsible for the Maine killing in addition to those in Nebraska. Ressler and the Maine investigators came to believe that Joubert joined the military to get away from Maine after the murder of the Stetson boy. 
Further investigation in Maine revealed two crimes between the pencil-stabbing of the nine-year-old girl in 1979 and the murder of Stetson in 1982. In 1980, Ressler's investigation revealed that Joubert had slashed a nine-year-old boy and a male teacher in his mid-twenties who both "had been cut rather badly, and were lucky to be alive."
Trials and appeals.
Joubert then confessed to killing the two boys, and on January 12, he was charged with their murders. After initially pleading not guilty, he changed his plea to guilty. There were several psychiatric evaluations performed on Joubert. One characterised him as having obsessive-compulsive disorder and sadistic tendencies, and suffering from schizoid personality disorder. He was found to have been not psychotic at the time of the crimes. A panel of three judges sentenced him to death for both counts. Joubert was also sentenced to life imprisonment in Maine (which did not have the death penalty) in 1990 for the murder of Ricky Stetson after Joubert's teeth were found to match the bite mark.
In 1995, Joubert filed a writ of habeas corpus to the United States federal courts over the death sentences. His lawyers argued that the aggravating factor of "exceptional depravity" was unconstitutionally vague, and the court agreed. The state of Nebraska appealed to the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska, which overturned the appeal, saying that he had shown sadistic behavior by torturing Eberle and Walden.
Joubert was executed on July 17, 1996, by the state of Nebraska in the electric chair.
An appeal to the Nebraska Supreme Court over whether the electric chair in Nebraska is a cruel and unusual punishment revealed that during his execution, Joubert suffered a four-inch brain blister on the top of his head and blistering on both sides of his head above his ears.
References.
"Footnotes"
"General references"

</doc>
<doc id="2894579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894579" title="CFQC">
CFQC

CFQC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2894584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894584" title="Matlock, Victoria">
Matlock, Victoria

Matlock is a town in Victoria, Australia on the Warburton–Woods Point Road, in the Shire of Mansfield.
The town began after gold was discovered in 1863. The Post Office opened on 21 July 1864, closed in 1934, reopened in 1956 (when a sawmill was established) and closed in 1970.
Prior to 1864 the town was known as Emerald Hill, but was changed to avoid confusion with the Melbourne suburb of the same name (this second locality later underwent a name change to South Melbourne). At its peak, the town had a population of around 300, and included several suburbs including Thackery, Alhambra, Mutton Town, and Harpers Creek.
The town was destroyed by fire in 1873, and a smaller village was built in a slightly different location. Mining activity slowed in the 1870s and 1880s, although there was a resurgence in population in the 1890s. By the 1930s only two businesses remained; a wine shop and a post office. A sawmill operated from 1953 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2894585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894585" title="Dead Birds (2004 film)">
Dead Birds (2004 film)

Dead Birds is a 2004 American horror film directed by Alex Turner.
Synopsis.
William (Henry Thomas) is the leader of a group of runaway Confederate soldiers which includes Sam, Clyde, and Joseph during the American Civil War. With the help of Todd (Isaiah Washington), an escaped slave, and Annabelle, an Army nurse (Nicki Aycox), they stage a robbery at a bank holding a cache of rebel gold. 
Needing a place to rest for the night, the criminals set up camp in a mansion overlooking an abandoned plantation. It soon becomes obvious that the old house is not as empty as they thought. The former owner was a gentleman farmer with a wife and two children. When his wife died, he attempted to bring her back by sacrificing his children, slaves, and any other living creature, hoping that black magic aqcuired from his slaves' native rites would return her to life. The spirits of his victims remain in the house, attacking all who dare enter.
A storm is coming so Joseph leads the horse into the barn. When he goes to the well to get some water, he gets pulled down by an entity. The others try to find him but fail to do so.
The others also experience strange occurrences. While resting in the bedroom, Sam gets haunted by the ghost of the farmer who tells him about what happened while Todd witnesses the ritual itself being done to a black slave in the basement. Clyde witnesses what appears to be Joseph stumbling about outside and goes to investigate. William and Annabelle, who were guarding the gold at the time wake up to find it gone thinking Clyde took off with it. While William tries to track down Clyde, Sam who gets possessed by the farmer shows Annabelle what happened. The ritual ended up turning the farmer's family into demonic creatures similar to a strange creature they killed when they first arrived in the area. Sam dies afterwards and Annabelle tries to convince William to leave. Todd also reunites with the pair also determined to leave.
When they reach the barn, they find the horses mutilated. Todd begins to hear and see things the two can't and he tries to leave the place. William refuses to leave without the gold and is accompanied by Annabelle back into the house to find Sam's body missing. In the field, a possessed Sam attacks Todd. When William and Annabelle go to the field as well, they find Clyde tied up like a scarecrow with his eyes and mouth sewn. The pair try to run away but gets separated. William accidentally shoots Annabelle killing her instantly.
The next morning, William finally leaves Annabelle's corpse behind. He gets attacked by their dog and he tries to run away. The audience is led to believe that he is being pursued by a demonic creature. When William finally clears the field, he is shot by the authorities. It is then revealed that William has also transformed into the demonic creature and the authorities mistook him for some deformed animal. Two of the soldiers discover gold coins which William dropped and they go to investigate the house. As they go through the field, they discover Annabelle's corpse which apparently transformed into that of the creatures as well.
Background.
"Dead Birds" was the first feature film from director Alex Turner.
Re-release.
The film had a limited re-release on February 5, 2010, at the NuArt Theatre in Los Angeles.
Critical reception.
Jon Condit of "Dread Central" said of the film, "And wouldn't ya know it, this modestly budgeted period piece from newcomer Alex Turner dishes on the history (we're in the late-1800s for this one) as well as some heavy gore and otherworldly Lovecraftian heebie-jeebies for a mostly satisfying feast. That is, if you can withstand its unhurried storytelling pace these tales of America's yesteryear can't seem to shake (it ain't no "Glory", I'll say that much)."
Daniel W. Kelly of "DVD Talk" said, "Of course, the film follows some conventions of horror. There's a cornfield. There are Demons and scary creatures. A group of people in a desolate location get offed one by one. But that's what we love about horror. The only other real issue is that while the ending is good conceptually, it could be considered sort of anti-climatic visually. Still, this film is worth the goose bumps it delivers throughout due to stylish camera work and a visually frightening presentation."
Cam Lindsay of "Exclaim!" commented, "The Wild Wild West isn't the norm for a horror film setting, but first-time director Turner and writer Simon Barrett have come up with a nice horror/western hybrid to make their little flick an extraordinary one."

</doc>
<doc id="2894589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894589" title="Permanent Bank (South Africa)">
Permanent Bank (South Africa)

Permanent Bank was a small South African bank, headquartered in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. It was bought by Nedbank, and no longer exists as an independent entity.

</doc>
<doc id="2894591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894591" title="The Purple Gang (band)">
The Purple Gang (band)

The Purple Gang are a British rock band active intermittently since the 1960s.
History.
Although they were associated with the London psychedelic scene, they originated in Stockport, then in Cheshire, as The Young Contemporaries jugband. The band adopted the name, The Purple Gang, when they changed their image to the well-dressed, clean-cut "gangster" style in the 1960s. In London, they engaged Joe Boyd as their record producer, and shared a studio with Pink Floyd as they recorded their first single, "Granny Takes A Trip" (named after the eponymous shop in the Kings Road). Pink Floyd were making their own first single, "Arnold Layne", at the time.
The BBC spotted the word 'trip' in the title and, assuming it to be a reference to LSD, banned the record from their airwaves. Also noting that the band's lead singer at the time (Pete Walker) was nicknamed 'Lucifer', the BBC Controller said “. . . a song with a dubious title designed to corrupt the nation’s youth – and a band that boasts a warlock for a singer will not be tolerated by any decent society . . .” An album, "The Purple Gang Strikes" was released in 1968, but failed to sell, although Pirate radio station DJs such as John Peel praised the group.
The band continued during the early 1970s, with a slightly different line-up. In 1998, the band reformed and recorded an album, "Night of the Uncool", with several new songs by Joe Beard, some of which were produced by Gerry Robinson, the mandolin and harmonica player from the original 1967 line-up. From 1999, their new lead vocalist was Stuart Pevitt (born 27 December 1952, Sale, Cheshire, England). They enjoyed some commercial success in Eastern Europe; in Bulgaria and Hungary one of their singles, "Sunset Over the Mersey", entered the national charts.
In 2003, they re-released "The Purple Gang Strikes" on CD. It contained remixes of several of their 1967 songs, including the BBC-banned track "Granny Takes A Trip". Another track, "Madam Judge", was their reply to the latter's banning.
Most of their songs were written by their early members: guitarist Joe Beard (born Christopher John Beard, 28 November 1945, Macclesfield, Cheshire), and organist Geoff Bowyer (born Geoffrey Paul Bowyer, 1947, Leek, Staffordshire). Some other members were vocalist Pete Walker (born Peter John Walker, 1946, Hyde, North Cheshire), jug / banjo player Ank Langley (born Trevor Langley, 1946, Stockport, Cheshire) and mandolin / harmonica player Gerry Robinson (born David John Robinson, 1947, Hyde). Their musical influences and styles are varied, from country and western, through psychedelic, to rock music.
Stuart Pevitt died of cancer in 2009, aged 56.
Joe Beard has written a biography of the band – "Taking the Purple - The Extraordinary Story of The Purple Gang - Granny Takes a Trip… and All That" – available in print ISBN 978-0-9928671-0-2 or online in Kindle format http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00KLOEOIO ISBN 978-0-9928671-1-9

</doc>
<doc id="2894600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894600" title="Melania the Younger">
Melania the Younger

Saint Melania the Younger (also Melanie; born in Rome c. 383, died in Jerusalem on December 31, 439) is a Christian saint and Desert Mother who lived during the reign of Emperor Flavius Augustus Honorius, son of Theodosius I. She is the paternal granddaughter of Melania the Elder.
The Feast of Melania the Younger is held on December 31 (the Julian calendar's December 31 falls on January 13 on the Gregorian calendar). In Ukraine, Malanka ("Melania's Day") is celebrated on January 13.
Born to Valerius Publicola or Poplicola (son of Valerius Maximus Basilius and wife Melania the Elder) and Albina, she was married to a paternal cousin, Valerius Pinianus, at the age of thirteen. After the early deaths of two children, she and her husband converted to Christianity, maintaining a celibate life thereafter. Upon inheriting her parents' wealth, she gave it all away to the poor. Melania and Pinianus left Rome in 408, living a monastic life near Messina (Sicily) for two years. In 410, they traveled to Africa, where they befriended Augustine of Hippo and devoted themselves to a life of piety and charitable works. Together they founded a convent of which Melania became Mother Superior, and cloister of which Pinianus took charge. In 417, they traveled to Palestine by way of Alexandria, living in a hermitage near the Mount of Olives, where Melania founded a second convent. After the death of Pinianus c. 420, Melania built a cloister for men, and a church, where she spent the remainder of her life.
Hagiography.
An account of Melania's pursuit of the ascetic life survives in a hagiography composed by Gerontius c. 452.
Further reading.
Rosemary Ruether, "Mothers of the Church: Ascetic Women in the Late Patristic Age," in "Women of Spirit: Female Leadership in the Jewish and Christian Traditions", Rosemary Ruether and Eleanor McLaughlin, eds., New York, Simon and Schuster, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2894601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894601" title="Rivers School">
Rivers School

The Rivers School
The Rivers School is a private, coeducational preparatory school located in Weston, Massachusetts.
The school's Middle School program consists of grades 6-8, and its Upper School program is for students in grades 9-12. As of 2009, 451 students from 70 Massachusetts towns attend. The average class size is 11 students. As of 2009, the Rivers School's endowment is $17.2 million.
History.
The Rivers School was founded as a school for boys in 1915 by educator Robert W. Rivers at the suggestion of a group of Boston-area physicians who believed that the rugged environment of an open-air school would promote good health in days when many young people fell victim to life-threatening, contagious illnesses.
Twenty-five years and one new campus later, The Country Day School for Boys of Boston merged with Rivers. The school continued to grow in popularity and size and moved its location twice more to satisfy increasing demands for classrooms and playing fields. The latter of these moves was in 1960, when Rivers settled on the sprawling Loker Farm wetland acreage bordering Nonesuch Pond in Weston.
Rivers became co-educational in 1989.
Academics.
Middle school.
Over the past decade there have been several changes and improvements made to the Middle School, including the addition of a 6th grade. Students in the Middle School are required to take science, math, and foreign language in addition to a double period humanities course that integrates English and social studies. For example, in the 8th grade, students explore the history of the civil rights movement while reading relevant literature of the era such as Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird.
Core classes in the Middle School also include yearlong visual and performing arts courses, as well as a yearlong drama class in 6th grade and a yearlong media literacy class in 7th grade. All middle school students participate in human development and wellness seminars. Students participate in the Rivers athletic program through a number of interscholastic and some intramural sports.
Upper School.
In addition to core classes in English, history, science, math, and foreign language, Rivers offers electives such as robotics, alternative energy sources, sports medicine, journalistic writing, ethics, Mandarin Chinese, and filmmaking. A newly created Interdisciplinary Studies Department with courses such as The Enlightenment, Adaptations and Interpretations, and Dante's Divine Comedy, challenge students to make connections across the disciplines.
Students are required to take classes in the visual and performing arts. Visual arts classes include ceramics, drawing, photography, sculpture, printmaking, painting and computer graphics. Performing arts includes drama classes as well as a collaboration with The Rivers Conservatory that allows students to participate in orchestra, chorus and various jazz combos.
During junior and senior years, students are encouraged to create a schedule that best reflects their interests, expertise, and passions. Each senior also presents a speech to the entire community on a topic of personal significance. As a culminating experience to their high school careers, seniors design a project that allows them to pursue a passion and transition to life beyond Rivers. These senior projects serve as work-learning experiences that students are able to continue after graduation in many cases.
Rivers offers the following Advanced Placement classes:
Athletics.
Rivers competes in the Independent School League. The Rivers School campus has more than of playing fields that includes Waterman Field, a multi-sport synthetic turf field, as well as six outdoor tennis courts.
Indoor athletic facilities include The Haffenreffer Gymnasium with a full size basketball court and the 78,000- square foot MacDowell Athletic Center which contains:
Rivers has boys and girls varsity teams in the following sports:
Each year there are approximately 55 teams at various levels from middle school, thirds, junior varsity and varsity.
In recent years, the school's athletic teams have been very competitive. In 2005 and 2006, the girls' soccer team was named the NEPSAC Class C champions, and in 2007 the team rose to win the NEPSAC Class B championship. In 2006 and 2007, the boys' tennis team became the NEPSAC Class C champions, and in 2007, the girls' ice hockey team became NEPSAC Division II finalists after having only three years of play at the varsity level. This past season, in 2009, the boys’ varsity lacrosse team went 14-1 in the Independent School League to earn a share of the league title. The girls’ varsity basketball team won the New England Class B Tournament as well as the Rivers Holiday Tournament. The boys’ varsity soccer team finished second in the New England Class B Championship, while both the girls’ and the boys’ skiing teams finished third in the New England Class C Championship.
In 2008-2009, Rivers had two athletes named to All-American teams, two named to All-Scholastic teams, six named to All-New England teams, two named to All-State teams, nine named New England All-Stars, and twenty-six named to All-League teams.
Community service.
Outreach activities, seen as an integral part of the Rivers experience, are coordinated through the Alan J. Bernon Family Center for Community Outreach and Service.
School Wide Outreach.
Each year, the Rivers community participates in a variety of community service projects including:
Rivers Givers.
The Rivers Givers Youth & Philanthropy program was established in the fall of 2002 by a young female student at the time, Nicolette Clifford . Her brother Christian Clifford also aided in the start of the program. Now an independent, youth philanthropy program, Rivers Givers is responsible for identifying and supporting a broad range of non-profit organizations in the Greater Boston area that are committed to meeting the needs of children and youth.
The Rivers School Conservatory.
The Rivers School Conservatory was founded in 1975 when The New England Conservatory of Music closed all of the suburban branches of its preparatory school including its Wellesley school. The displaced families from Wellesley, Weston, and Wayland convinced Ethel Bernard, one of the pioneers of the music school movement, to found a music school committed to excellence in music education and performance. Ethel Bernard approached The Rivers School with the idea of founding a music school in the unoccupied former headmaster’s house on the campus of the then all-boys college preparatory school.
First called The Music School at Rivers, The Rivers School Conservatory has been one of the nation’s leading community music conservatories ever since. In 1978, the "Annual Seminar on Contemporary Music for the Young" was established and gained Rivers world-wide renown through a WGBH-TV documentary that was broadcast internationally by PBS. Seminar guests have included John Cage (1983). All pieces performed are composed in the 25 year period prior to each seminar. Many were premières and several dozen were commissioned pieces. Recent examples include "Matineé: The Fantom of the Fair" by Libby Larsen.
Over the past three and a half decades, the Conservatory has grown to over 750 students, including a student orchestra program, jazz and chamber ensembles, music theory and composition, its critically acclaimed Marimba Magic Program, choruses, master classes, workshops, and private lessons on every orchestral and jazz instrument, piano, and voice.
Robotics.
The robotics team "Architechs" competes in the FIRST Tech Challenge, having the team number 4176.

</doc>
<doc id="2894603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894603" title="Bruiser (film)">
Bruiser (film)

Bruiser is a 2000 American-French thriller film written and directed by George A. Romero and starring Jason Flemyng, Peter Stormare and Leslie Hope.
"Bruiser" was the first film directed by Romero since the 1993 film "The Dark Half".
Synopsis.
Henry Creedlow is a man who has always tried to fit in society. He keeps his mouth shut, follows the rules, and does what he is supposed to do. But one morning, he wakes up to find his face is gone, and it has been replaced by a white featureless mask. All the years of acquiescence have cost him the one thing he can't replace: his identity; now he's a blank, outside as well as in, an anonymous, featureless phantom. Bent on exacting revenge on those who bullied him, he explodes, deciding that he isn't going to follow the rules anymore.
Soundtrack.
The score was composed by Donald Rubinstein and the soundtrack features the horror punk band The Misfits.
Release.
It premiered on 13 February 2000 in Canada and was directly released to DVD in the United States on 9 October 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2894605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894605" title="The Bogus Witch Project">
The Bogus Witch Project

The Bogus Witch Project is a 2000 comedy film satirizing "The Blair Witch Project". It uses different tellings of the Blair Witch, such as "The Blair Underwood Project".
Reception.
The film received extremely negative reviews from critics and audiences and, while there is no approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, the Want-To-See score is currently 29%, and 14% of users liked it.
Alex Sandell commented "How could Pauly Shore get worse?!? Seriously. How??? ," Bobby Ludbrook called it "One of the worst spoofs i have ever seen ," and Clint Morris of "Moviehole" suggested to "Take this out to the woods, bury it and be done with it."

</doc>
<doc id="2894618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894618" title="Ryan Catholic College">
Ryan Catholic College

Ryan Catholic College is a combined, co-educational, primary and secondary school in what is now the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. It was established by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Townsville in 1979. Ryan is the largest catholic school in Townsville.
It currently has over 1900 enrolments and employs approximately 200 teachers. It is unique in the fact that students are not required to address their teachers by their prefixes and last names. The students commonly address their respective teachers by their first names. Ryan Catholic College is broken up into 2 campuses with a junior school on the smaller campus, with the middle and senior schools located on the main (Ryan) campus.
A new two-storey building was constructed throughout 2007 on the main campus. The building houses classrooms, toilets, showers and a staffroom. The building replaces the former 'temporary' I block, which has been moved and now functions as a permanent set of classrooms.
In 2011, the college opened its newest building, the Emmaus Hall.
External links.
a

</doc>
<doc id="2894621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894621" title="Nkobi Holdings">
Nkobi Holdings

Nboki Holdings is a South African investment company started by Durban businessman Schabir Shaik. It is primarily involved in bidding for government service contracts. It was investigated thoroughly for signs of corruption during the Schabir Shaik Trial.

</doc>
<doc id="2894623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894623" title="Ingrid Bengis">
Ingrid Bengis

Ingrid Bengis, born in 1944 in New York, is a writer best known for her pioneering collection of essays on love, hate and sexuality, "Combat in the Erogenous Zone", (Knopf 1972). The book received critical acclaim and was nominated for a National Book Award. "The New York Times Book Review" said, "It must be read and it must be taken seriously if human sexuality is ever going to live up to its notices" while "Newsweek" called it "a remarkable book...that has probably moved both women and men on a deeper level than any other document of the new feminism". It was reissued in 1990 after Martin Duberman, writing in "The Village Voice" asked, "Where is this astonishing writer? Why has she dropped from sight". The reissue by Harper Collins included a new introduction by Duberman, in which he wrote, "(Bengis) was only twenty eight when the book was published, but had lived so intensely and could describe her experiences so freshly...that her ruminations about love, hate and sex struck many of us who were older than she as astonishingly vivid and wise. Nearly twenty years later, they still do." Among the most frequently cited quotes from the book are "Imagination has always had powers of resurrection that no science can match" and "For me, words are a form of action, capable of influencing change", quoted by Barack Obama in one of his 2008 campaign speeches.
In 2003, Farrar, Straus & Giroux, North Point Press published Bengis' book "Metro Stop Dostoyevsky: Travels in Russian Time" which takes place in Russia between 1990-1996 . Naively in love with Russia and Russian literature, she settled in St. Petersburg in 1990 as the Soviet Union was collapsing, and quickly became immersed in "catastroika", a period of immense turmoil that mirrored her own increasingly complex and contradictory experience. Her friendship with a Russian woman whose marriage is also falling apart, reflects the social tumult, as well as the sometimes dangerous consequences, of American good intentions. It was hailed by Kurt Vonnegut as "the most sane and intelligent book anyone could possibly write about what it is like to be an American or a Russian at the start of the new millennium," and Norman Mailer said "There is so much to praise about "Metro Stop Dostoyevsky" that I will content myself with but one remark. I read it all in something approaching whole pleasure, and how often can we make such a claim?"
She is also the author of a novel, "I Have Come here to be Alone", Simon and Schuster, 1977 and a contributor to many magazines and journals. Her work has been translated into six languages, most recently Russian, where her essay "Home: Variations on a Theme" appeared in the highly respected literary magazine "Zvezda". 
She usually lives in Stonington, Maine, but also teaches twentieth century American literature at the University of St. Petersburg, in St. Petersburg, Russia (where Alexander Pushkin and Vladimir Putin both studied), is married to a Russian ballet dancer and has one daughter and one stepson.
Quotes by Ingrid Bengis.
'Words are a form of action, capable of influencing change'

</doc>
<doc id="2894625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894625" title="Icy Creek, Victoria">
Icy Creek, Victoria

Icy Creek is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located on Mount Baw Baw Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw.
Icy Creek Post Office opened on 1 December 1934 and closed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2894640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894640" title="International response to the 2005 Kashmir earthquake">
International response to the 2005 Kashmir earthquake

In the international response to the 2005 Kashmir earthquake many countries, international organizations and non-governmental organizations offered relief aid to the affected regions. The aid given was in the form of monetary donations and pledges, as well as relief supplies including food, medical supplies, tents and blankets. Rescue and relief workers were sent from different parts of the world to the region and they brought along rescue equipment, including helicopters and rescue dogs.
Asia.
India opened the first of three points at Chakan Da Bagh, in Poonch, on the Line of Control (LoC) between India and Pakistan for the 2005 Kashmir earthquake relief work. (Rediff)
Estimate of financial aid.
On November 19, 2005 it was estimated that the international community as a whole pledged about 5.8 billion USD.

</doc>
<doc id="2894648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894648" title="National Committee for Modification of the Volstead Act">
National Committee for Modification of the Volstead Act

The American Federation of Labor's National Committee for Moderation of the Volstead Act was created in January 1931. It was headed by Matthew Woll, who testified before a Congressional committee that workers and organized labor opposed prohibition. Labor leadership argued that the 18th Amendment establishing prohibition was the first instance in American history when an amendment to the United States Constitution denied rights instead of creating or expanding them. The Committee's activities helped lead to the repeal of prohibition. 

</doc>
<doc id="2894651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894651" title="Norton, New Brunswick">
Norton, New Brunswick

Norton (2011 population: 1,301) is a village in Kings County, New Brunswick, Canada.
Geography.
It is situated on the Kennebecasis River 55 kilometres northeast of Saint John. The European and North American Railway began serving Norton in 1859. Norton is home to the oldest fossil forest in Canada.
Present day.
"Family Frolic Days" are an annual village festival.
Country music singer Chris Cummings and rock musician, Ian Sherwood, of "Down With The Butterfly" and "Acres and Acres" are both natives of Norton.
Norton Elementary School located at the intersection of Route 121 and Route 124 serves Norton students from grades kindergarten to five, this small, rural school is closely tied with the local community. French immersion is not offered at Norton Elementary but students can be bussed to Sussex Elementary if families wish to enroll students in French immersion before Middle School. Students are bussed to Sussex Middle after grade five and continue on to Sussex Regional High afterward.
Norton is situated within the shale gas exploration area currently licensed to Corridor Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="2894655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894655" title="Cape Times">
Cape Times

The Cape Times is an English-language morning newspaper owned by Independent News & Media and published in Cape Town, South Africa.
History.
The "Cape Times" had its origins in the great economic and social boom years that followed the Cape's attainment of "Responsible Government" in 1872. 
The first edition of the newspaper was published on 27 March 1876 by then editor Frederick York St Leger. 
It was the first daily paper in southern Africa, and soon became one of the principal newspapers of the Cape. 
Modelled on "The Times", its primary target was the poor working class, as it attempted to expose early government corruption.
Readership figures.
Estimates of readership are maintained by the SAARF with 95% confidence intervals of about 15%. Within the estimated error readership has remained constant since 2009. Methodological changes introduced in 2009 by SAARF make comparison to previous years difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="2894658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894658" title="Yann Danis">
Yann Danis

Yann Joseph Richard Danis (born June 21, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He has previously played for the Montreal Canadiens, New York Islanders, New Jersey Devils, Edmonton Oilers. He plays in the butterfly style of goaltending.
Early life.
Danis was born to Yves Danis and Ginette Boucher in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec. He is the couple's only child. Danis graduated from École Secondaire St-Joseph in Saint-Hyacinthe, a Francophone high school, in 1999. He did not start playing hockey until age seven because he was afraid of getting bodychecked. After being reassured by his parents that he would not get hit in minor hockey, however, Danis began playing as a forward at the age of seven. When he was eight, he told his parents that he wanted to switch to goaltender because, he said, "I liked the big goalie pads, and I thought having a catching glove was cool." His parents subsequently bought him the goaltending equipment for Christmas.
After playing for Cap Jeunesse in 1995-96 and Polyvalente of St. Jérôme from 1996–1998, Danis was named to the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League's seventeen-year old all-star team in 1998–99. He then played with the Cornwall Colts of the Central Junior A Hockey League (CJHL) in 1999-2000. He led the league in goals against average during the regular season, and he was named to the Academic All-Star Team and the Rookie All-Star Team. The Colts finished first in the regular season standings, and they won the Bogart Cup (presented to the CJHL champion) as Danis posted the lowest goals against average of any CJHL goalie in the playoffs. He then helped the team to win the Fred Page Cup (presented to the Eastern Canadian Junior "A" Champions) before the Colts finally finished in fourth place overall in Canada Junior "A" Hockey.
Playing career.
College career.
Danis was first noticed by Brown University during the 1999 QJAAAHL All-Star Game. Following his year with Cornwall, he chose to attend Brown so he could focus on education along with his hockey career. In attending Brown, he became the first member of his family to attend a university. He started his career with the Brown Bears backing up Brian Eklund in goal. He took over for Eklund in the middle of the season, however, and he went 2-8-1 with a 3.60 GAA and an .888 save percentage in 12 games in a four-win season for Brown. Following the year, he was named a co-recipient of the Kevin R. Pope Memorial Trophy, presented annually by Brown University to the freshman who contributes most to the success of the team. The following year, Danis went 11-10-2 in 24 games. His 1.86 GAA and .938 save percentage (second in the nation) both set Brown single-season records, and his three shutouts (ninth in the nation) tied Brown's single season record. Brown made the playoffs that year, but they were swept by Harvard University in the first round. Danis did gain attention in the final game of the series, though, when he made 66 saves in a 2-1 defeat. Following the season, he was named Brown's most valuable player, and he became Brown's first All-American since 1992. He was also named to the ECAC All-Academic team and the New England Hockey Writers Association (NEHWA) All-Star team, and he was named Academic All-Ivy.
Danis posted a 15-14-5 record in 2003, and his .929 save percentage and his 2.31 GAA were second and eighth in the nation, respectively. He set Brown records for shutouts in a season (five, third in the nation), shutouts in a career (eight), and saves in a season (1,043). He became the fourth two-time Brown MVP winner, and he was again selected to the NEHWA All-Star team. He was selected to the All-Academic team again, and he was again named an All-American. His performance helped Brown advance for the first time since 1994 to the ECAC Final Four. In 2003–04, Danis posted a 15–11–4 record along with a 1.81 GAA and .942 save percentage that ranked third and second in the nation, respectively. Brown made it to the ECAC quarterfinals, but they were again eliminated by Harvard. However, Danis won multiple awards once again, including First Team Jofa All-American honors, All-United States College Hockey Online (USCHO) First Team honors, NEHWA All-Star honors, and First Team All-ECAC and First Team All-Ivy honors. In addition, he was named the 2004 ECAC Player and Goaltender of the Year, the USCHO Defensive Player of the Year, and the Ivy League Player of the Year. He also took home the Leonard Fowle Award as the MVP of New England, as voted on by the NEHWA, and he became the first Brown finalist for the Hobey Baker Award. During the season, Danis set ECAC records for single-season save percentage and career shutouts (13), and he tied Kevin McCabe for the most career wins by a Bears goaltender with 43. He also graduated from Brown with a degree in Public and Private Sector Economics.
Professional career.
The Washington Capitals and the Montreal Canadiens both showed interest in Danis following his junior year in college, but he chose to remain with Brown for his senior year. Following his college career, the Canadiens were still interested in him, and he signed with them on March 19, 2004. Upon signing, he was assigned to the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League, where he backed up Jean-François Damphousse. He started two games for Hamilton and won both of them, and he also appeared in a playoff game in relief of Damphousse.
In 2004–05, Danis became the starting goalie for the Bulldogs, as Damphousse signed with the Quebec Radio X of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey. In 53 regular season games, he had 28 wins, 17 losses, six ties, five shutouts, a 2.34 GAA, and a .924 save percentage. The Bulldogs made the playoffs that year, but they were swept in the first round by the Rochester Americans, as Danis lost all four games of the series.
Danis was the starting goalie again for the Bulldogs in 2004-05, but he was also called up by the Canadiens several times. He played in six games with Montreal in 2005–06. On October 12, 2005, Danis earned a shutout against the Atlanta Thrashers in his first NHL game.
On July 2, 2008, he signed as an unrestricted free agent with the New York Islanders. After one season in the Islanders organization, he signed with the New Jersey Devils as an unrestricted free agent on July 10, 2009.
On July 27, 2010, Danis signed with Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League. The following year, he signed a one-year contract with the Edmonton Oilers of the NHL. He signed a one-year contract to remain with the Oilers on July 1, 2012. After that contract expired, Danis signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Personal life.
Danis has a wife, Kyla, who is originally from Barbados, and two sons, Jayden and Ryder. They currently reside in Edmond, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="2894661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894661" title="Tanjil Bren">
Tanjil Bren

Tanjil Bren is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Mount Baw Baw Tourist Road, west of Mount Baw Baw in the Shire of Baw Baw. It was established during the Victorian Gold Rush. The town features a small store which sells snacks and is only open during the ski season. Four accommodation lodges, Mooshead, Reindeer, Jenny's and Timbertop Lodge, are located in Tanjil Bren. At the 2006 census, Tanjil Bren and the surrounding area had a population of 110.
Tanjil Bren Post Office opened on 1 November 1939 and closed in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="2894671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894671" title="White Buffalo">
White Buffalo

White buffalo are bison (American buffalo) that are white in color, instead of the usual brown. Several Native American religions consider them to be sacred signs.
White buffalo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2894672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894672" title="Nkandla, KwaZulu-Natal">
Nkandla, KwaZulu-Natal

Nkandla is a town in the uThungulu district of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It is the seat of the Nkandla Local Municipality, and the district wherein the residence of the current President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma may be found. Contrary to common perception, the residence is not located in the town of Nkandla but may be found some 40 kilometres to the south beyond the Nkandla Forest and on the road to Kranskop. 
The Nkandla region encompasses nearly 115,000 inhabitants, spread relatively sparsely over a large area. Nkandla is mainly a rural area and is in the top five of the poorest places in KwaZulu-Natal province. Poverty is prevalent, with 44% unemployment. The majority of the population are Zulus.
A documentary, "Orphans of Nkandla" by the BBC and Truevision, recounted the hardships and deep poverty of orphans in Nkandla. 
Zuma was joined by Nelson Mandela to open Mnyakanya High School in 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="2894675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894675" title="Sōsuke Aizen">
Sōsuke Aizen

Character Outline.
Background.
Aizen spent much of his career in the 5th Division, eventually becoming its lieutenant under the former captain, Shinji Hirako. Aizen also gained followers in Gin Ichimaru and Kaname Tōsen. A century before the series' setting, after Kisuke Urahara created the Hōgyoku, an item that he believed creates Soul Reaper/Hollow hybrids, Aizen began to experiment using the Soul Reapers that became the Visards. Among his test subjects with Shinji, who knew Aizen was up to no good but learned too late that Aizen used his distrust against him. Having also framed Kisuke for the Visards' creation and forced his exile, Aizen learned the Hōgyoku actually grants its user's desires if they have the will to carry it out. But as Kisuke took the Hōgyoku with him, Aizen bides his time to take the item when the time comes.
At some point, Aizen also saw the potential of Shuhei Hisagi, Momo Hinamori, Izuru Kira, and Renji Abarai, and took the latter three into his division, while sending Shuhei to the 9th division under Tōsen. While Kira and Hinamori were obedient and loyal, becoming the lieutenants of the 3rd and 5th Divisions under Gin and Aizen, respectively, Renji proved to be too rebellious and was transferred to the 11th Division (and later to the 6th, where he too became a lieutenant). Aizen also continued his experiments on Soul Reaper/Hollow hybrids with his creations Metastacia and White playing a respective role in the life of Rukia Kukichi and those of Isshin Shiba and Masaki Kurosaki. In the case of Isshin and Masaki, Aizen knew of Ichigo's existence that resulted from White's actions and considered the youth a being worth studying to the point of engineering the hardships he would face later in life.
Sometime prior to his departure from Soul Society, Aizen and his two followers travelled to Hueco Mundo by arranging an alliance with the self-proclaimed god king of Hueco Mundo, Barragan Luisenbarn. As Barragan refused, Aizen revealed all of the Hollow's minions were killed during the discussion and forces Barragan into servitude. From there, Aizen appropriates Barragan's palace Las Noches and reconstructs it in his own image, recruiting Tier Halibel and the other Arrancars that would become his Espadas.
Personality.
During his tenure as a Soul Reaper, Aizen created a public image of a bespectacled intellectual whose humility and warmth were equaled only by his dedication to the Thirteen Court Guard Squads. However, it eventually became apparent that this was a carefully crafted facade designed to draw suspicion away from his true, sinister nature. Tite Kubo stated in an interview that "part of Aizen's appeal is that he's mysterious," and for this reason he did not think it is a good idea to go too in-depth with the character. In truth, despite his apparent kindness, Aizen sees his subordinates as only pawns and warns them in advance not to trust him. By his own admission, he views morality and empathy as weaknesses which must be expunged in order to reach one's full potential as he is not above killing others to achieve his goals. 
During his ascent to Hueco Mundo, Aizen discards his guise by removing his glasses and sweeps a hand through his hair to reveal menacing eyes and a very different hairstyle, telling Jūshirō Ukitake that no one has stood in heaven not even God himself. He then says "there is an unbearable vacancy in Heaven". Aizen is later shown in Hueco Mundo wearing clothing similar in style to the Arrancars and the Espadas he has recruited. After fusing the Hōgyoku into himself, Aizen becomes so confident that he believes himself to be invincible to any opponent. But when fighting Ichigo after mastering the Final Getsuga Tensho, unnerved by a stronger foe, Aizen discards his calm nature and becomes crazed with rage. His arrogance ultimately led to his defeat at the hands of Ichigo Kurosaki and Urahara. It has been conjectured that Aizen's true objective is to overthrow the Soul King, becoming the new ruler of the Soul Society. As Ichigo later mentioned, there seemed be a hint of sadness in Aizen's reasoning and high level of power, and that his current condition by the time of his defeat may have been the Hōgyoku granting his subconscious desire.
Abilities.
Originally, Aizen carried a "zanpakutō" called . Kyōka Suigetsu's Shikai ability , activated with the command , is effective if the target watches the Shikai sequence once and thus can fall under Aizen's deception any time he wishes. There are only a few means to escape the sword's influence such as touching the blade before it is activated as Gin overheard. Though unaware of that fact, in his gambit to take down Aizen, Yamamoto grabbed the blade when it pierced him and read the blade's force to distinguish Aizen. But after his final evolution by the Hōgyoku, Aizen no longer needs Kyōka Suigetsu itself as the weapon completely dissolves with its powers now a part of Aizen's being after returning to his human state.
Plot Overview.
Setting up the events from the shadows, Aizen arranged for Rukia Kuchiki to meet with Ichigo Kurosaki so he can become a Soul Reaper. From there, from sending Hollows in Karakura Town to alerting the Soul Society of Rukia's location to get the Hōgyoku that is concealed within her body, Aizen created an elaborate conspiracy among the Thirteen Court Squad captains by secretly killing the members of the Central 46 Chambers and using his Zanpakutō to have an illusion of them sentence Rukia to death. He then faked his death to have Gin play the villain as the captains begin fighting amongst themselves. Eventually, Squad 4 Captain Retsu Unohana uncovered the truth as Aizen removed the Hōgyoku from Rukia's body before he, Gin, and Tōsen escape into Hueco Mundo. There, Aizen begins preparing for his true goal: Using the Hōgyoku to sacrifice the souls of Karakura Town in order to create an to kill the Soul King.
From there, Aizen begins to make several Arrancars in his service stronger using the Hōgyoku and sends some of his Espadas to the Land of the Living to gain information on Ichigo. Eventually, claiming to have an interest in her power, Aizen has Orihime Inoue brought to Las Noches on the notion that he needs her to save the powers of the deteriorating Hōgyoku. However, sacrificing the weakest members of the Espadas in the process, Aizen revealed the kidnapping be a ruse to trick Ichigo and his friends into attempting a rescue as part of a scheme to cut the Soul Society's forces in half by the time he enacts his attack on Karakura Town. Though he came with three of his strongest Espadas, the defeat of Staark and Baraggan convince Aizen that surpassed his own minions and strikes Halibel down to deal with the opposition personally. When confronted by Ichigo, who is the only person not effected by his Zanpakutō, Aizen reveals his role in the youth's life and struggles since meeting Rukia. Aizen then almost reveals Ichigo's lineage when Isshin intervened to take over the fight prior to Aizen revealing that he absorbed the Hōgyoku as it grants his desire for a Hollowfication-like form to easily defeat his enemies.
Aizen then makes his way to the Soul Society so that he can create the Ōken, finding Ichigo's school friends and deciding to kill them first before enacting his goal. However, though he expected it but unaware of his right hand's true power, Aizen is fatally wounded by Gin. However, his will to survive answered by the Hōgyoku, Aizen evolved into another form and mortally wounds Gin as Ichigo arrives. Though expecting him not a threat due to his sudden lack of spirit energy, Aizen finds himself overwhelmed by Ichigo's newly enhanced physical strength. Though his fear caused the Hōgyoku to turn him into a Hollow-like monster, Aizen barely survived Ichigo's final attack as he evolved once more to the point he no longer needs his Zanpakuto. However, Ichigo's attack weakened Aizen to the point that the Hōgyoku no longer acknowledges him as he is reverted to his human form while engulfed in a specially made "kidō" "Seal" that Urahara planted on him. Ten days later, Aizen is sentenced by Central 46 to 18,800 years of imprisonment in the lowest underground prison, the 8th prison known as "Muken". But Aizen's arrogance towards the matter resulted with him being gagged with the sentence escalated to 20,000 years.
Later, when the Wandenreich invades the Soul Society, Yhwach offers Aizen a place in his organization. However, refusing to join his army, Aizen uses his Zanpakuto power to manipulate Yhwach's sense of time before the Quincy realizes too late as he is eventually forced to retreat.
Appearances in Other Media.
Aizen appears in most of the "Bleach" video games, with the most recent ones with him in his post-Soul Society outfit. He also has his own "Bleach Beat Collection", a brief CD of character image songs. The tracks are "Shinsen(sometimes translated as Hanabira)", "Kyōka Suigetsu" and a "Voice Message" from Aizen's voice actor, Show Hayami.
Reception.
IGN commented that the plot twist in the story and the truth about Aizen was "fascinating and interesting" but also criticized it, saying his Zanpakuto's power was "far-fetched" and overpowered, Aizen didn't have any flaws and that his betrayal was "too planned out to be believable." Despite this, the change in mood accompanying Aizen's revelation as a villain was also praised; IGN praised the animators' job at "giving his face this evil thing about it" without changing anything about the animation itself, citing that "the Aizen that we first knew was the nicest guy ever, he looked it, and now this Aizen actually looks like the most evil jerk we've ever seen." Carl Kimlinger from Anime News Network comments that Aizen's revelation as an antagonist is "brutally unpredictable." He notes the violence from that part to be frustrating but in the same time satisfying, praising the large number of revelations. Aizen was additionally noted to have a remarkable development in his introduction as a villain with Kimlinger wondering "If only all villain grandstandings were so thrilling". Theron Martin from the same site noted that this scene makes the anime deserve credits for the biggest “I am a total bastard” moments in anime history." Mania Entertainment's Bryce Coulter noted that such episode "makes you want to hate Aizen" due to how he controlled the character's actions in previous episodes and how he now easily defeats most of them. Aizen's English voice actor, Kyle Hebert, describes Aizen as a "mysterious, calm, cool character" and that gives an air of "where does this guy come from?".

</doc>
<doc id="2894678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894678" title="Neerim">
Neerim

Neerim is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Main Neerim Road, in the Shire of Baw Baw.
The town was connected to the Victorian Railways network when on 27 March 1917 an extension of the line from Warragul to Neerim South was opened, later connecting to Noojee in 1919. The line closed in 1958.
The Post Office opened on 25 August 1877 and closed in 1967.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Neerim South has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Ellinbank & District Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2894687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894687" title="Rafael Belliard">
Rafael Belliard

Rafael Leonidas Belliard Matias (born October 24, 1961, in Pueblo Nuevo, Dominican Republic) is a retired Major League Baseball shortstop who played in the Major Leagues from 1982 to 1998 with the Pittsburgh Pirates and Atlanta Braves. He was a member of Atlanta's 1995 World Series winning team. He served as the infield and first base coach for the Detroit Tigers from 2006–2013.
Bio.
Belliard signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates as an amateur free agent in 1980 and made his Major League debut as a pinch runner against the New York Mets on September 6, 1982. It was not until 1986 that Belliard became a regular in the Pirates' lineup, batting .233 in 117 games. He remained a versatile yet seldom used player until 1990, when he left Pittsburgh and signed a free agent contract with the Atlanta Braves. 
Belliard arrived in Atlanta just as the team was emerging as a National League powerhouse. The team made World Series appearances in 1991 and 1992 before finally winning the championship in 1995. Though he had appeared in only 75 games that season, Belliard played shortstop in all six of Atlanta's World Series games. 
Belliard made his final Major League appearance on April 9, 1998, in a 4–3 Braves win over the Pittsburgh Pirates. He concluded his playing career with the Albany-Colonie Diamond Dogs of the independent Northern League in 1999. He was named the infield coach for the Detroit Tigers on October 11, 2005. Prior to that, he served five seasons in the Atlanta Braves minor league system as a roving fielding instructor.
Personal.
Belliard, his wife Leonora, and son Kevin reside in Boca Raton, Florida. His cousin, Ronnie Belliard, was also a Major League player.

</doc>
<doc id="2894689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894689" title="Japanese encyclopedias">
Japanese encyclopedias

In Japanese, encyclopedias are known as "hyakka jiten" (), which literally means "book of a hundred subjects," and can trace their origins to the early Heian period, in the ninth century. Encyclopedic works were published in Japan for well over a thousand years before Japan's first modern encyclopedias were published after Japan's opening to the West, during the Meiji Period (1868–1912). Several encyclopedias have been published in Japan since World War II, including several children's encyclopedias, and two major titles are currently available: the "Encyclopedia Nipponica", published by Shogakukan, and the "Sekai Dai-Hyakka Jiten", compiled by the Heibonsha publishing company. A Japanese "Wikipedia" is also available.
History.
The antecedents of the modern Japanese encyclopedia date from the ancient period and the Middle Ages. Encyclopedic books were imported from China from an early date, but the first proto-encyclopedia produced in Japan was the 1000-scroll "Hifuryaku" (), compiled in 831 upon the emperor's orders by Shigeno no Sadanushi () and others, only fragments of which survive today. The first truly Japanese-style encyclopedia is said to be Minamoto no Shitagō's 10-scroll work, "Wamyō Ruijushō", which was written in the ancient Japanese syllabary system of "man'yōgana" and contained entries arranged by category. During the 13th century, an 11-scroll book appeared on the origins of things, "Chiribukuro" () (literally, “rubbish bag”), and its innovative question-and-answer format was much imitated throughout the medieval period.
In the 17th century, the "Sancai Tuhui" (; "Sansai Zue" in Japanese) (literally, "illustrated book of the 'Three Powers,' i.e., heaven, earth, and man"), a 14-part, 106-scroll illustrated encyclopedia published in Ming China in 1609, entered Japan. In 1712, emulating the "Sancai Tuhui", Terajima Ryōan published the "Wakan Sansai Zue" () ("illustrated book of the three powers in Japan and China"), the first Japanese illustrated encyclopedia. Written in classical Chinese (the language of scholarship throughout East Asia at the time), the book reflected the outlook of its day with such fantastical entries as and . Its logical presentation, topical divisions, and discussion of alternative explanations for the same phenomena, however, anticipated the modern encyclopedia.
During Japan's at the time of the Meiji Period, the westernizer Nishi Amane () compiled Japan's first modern encyclopedia, the "Hyakugaku renkan" (). Beginning in 1873, the Ministry of Education sponsored the translation of Chambers' "Information for the People" into Japanese under the name "Hyakka Zensho" (, the "Comprehensive Encyclopedia"), which was completed in the 1880s. Later, the Ministry of Temples and Shrines sponsored the compilation by Nishimura Shigeki () and others of another encyclopedic work, the "Koji ruien" (), which was finally completed in 1914. The publishing house Sanseido published its 10-volume encyclopedia, the "Nihon Hyakka Daijiten" (, the "Great Japan Encyclopedia"), between 1908 and 1919, and Heibonsha published a 28-volume work, the "Dai-Hyakka Jiten" (, the "Great Encyclopedia"), between 1931 and 1934. The "Dai-Hyakka Jiten" was the first publication to use the characters ("jiten") rather than ("jiten") to represent the word "encyclopedia," starting the convention whereby is used to mean "encyclopedia" and is used to mean "dictionary."
After World War II, Heibonsha responded to Japan's new internationalization by publishing the "Sekai Dai-Hyakka Jiten" (, the "Great World Encyclopedia") in 32 volumes, between 1955 and 1959. Shogakukan then published the 19-volume "Encyclopedia Japonica", Japan's first full-color reference work, between 1967 and 1972. Between 1970 and 1974, Gakushu Kenkyusha published a 21-volume encyclopedia, the "Gurando Gendai Hyakka Jiten" (, the "Great Modern Encyclopedia"). In 1974 and 1975, a 30-volume Japanese version of the "Encyclopædia Britannica", the "Buritanica Kokusai Hyakka Jiten" (, the "Britannica International Encyclopedia"), was also published in Japan. In 1984, Heibonsha returned with a 16-volume compilation, the "Dai-Hyakka Jiten" (, the "Great Encyclopedia"), and Shogakukan began publishing a 25-volume encyclopedia, the "Nihon Dai-Hyakka Zensho" (, literally, the "Japan Comprehensive Encyclopedia," but officially known by the English title, "Encyclopedia Nipponica") the same year, finishing in 1989. A second edition was published in 1994. Various children's encyclopedias were also published in the 1950s and 1960s.
Major currently available Japanese print encyclopedias.
Sekai Dai-Hyakka Jiten.
The "Sekai Dai–Hyakka Jiten" (, literally the “World Comprehensive Encyclopedia”) is an encyclopedia compiled by the Japanese publisher Heibonsha. It is published in three formats: traditional book form, CD-ROM, and Internet. The online version is known as the .
Heibonsha has also compiled a smaller encyclopedia called the , published in five formats: a single-volume book form, CD-ROM, electronic dictionary, memory card for PDAs, and Internet.
Digital and online encyclopedias.
The advent of personal computers and the Internet has brought encyclopedias into the digital age. In addition to the Japanese version of Wikipedia, Japanese "Wikipedia", which has over 780,000 articles (as of December 2011), the "Encyclopædia Britannica" and Microsoft's "Encarta" both appear on CD-ROM in Japanese versions.
Other Japan related encyclopedias.
Though not technically a Japanese encyclopedia because it is not written in Japanese, the "Kodansha Encyclopedia of Japan" is an English-language encyclopedia on Japan, first published by Kodansha in 1983 and supplemented in 1986. An online version of this encyclopedia also exists at www.ency-japan.com.

</doc>
<doc id="2894694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894694" title="Spider Sabich">
Spider Sabich

Vladimir Peter Sabich, Jr. (January 10, 1945 – March 21, 1976) was an American alpine ski racer, a member of the U.S. Ski Team on the World Cup circuit in the late 1960s. He competed at the 1968 Winter Olympics and was the pro ski racing champion in 1971 and 1972. Sabich was killed by gunshot under controversial circumstances in 1976.
Early life.
The grandson of Croatian immigrants, Sabich was the second child of Vladimir (1915–2001) and Frances Sabich (1911–2003). His lifelong nickname "Spider" was given by his father, as a result of thin arms and legs at a premature birth. Spider's father was an officer of the California Highway Patrol and had volunteered in World War II as a B-25 pilot in the Air Force; he was held as a POW in Siberia by the Soviets for a year after his plane was shot-up over northern Japan and forced down near Vladivostok. After the war, Vlad was a test pilot and then returned to his job with the CHP in Sacramento, and in 1950 he was transferred to Kyburz on Highway 50, southwest of Lake Tahoe.
The three Sabich children (Mary, Spider, and Steve) learned to ski at Edelweiss ski area, about a dozen miles (20 km) up the highway, a mile past Twin Bridges. They attended a one-room school in Kyburz, Silver Fork Elementary, and went to class in the summer and skied during the winter, frequently arriving in their father's patrol car.
Spider and Steve were altar boys at the Catholic church across the highway from the ski area ("Chapel of Our Lady of the Sierras"), and would often strap on their skis immediately following Mass. Their ski coach was Lutz Aynedter, a downhill champion from the 1940s who emigrated from Germany to California after the war. He taught the Sabich boys European-style ski racing, and Spider and Steve became junior stars among the fearless young racers of Edelweiss, who became known as the "Highway 50 Boys." The Edelweiss ski area closed in the early 1960s after a poor snow year; the location is now called "Camp Sacramento".
Despite their outdated equipment, Spider and Steve established themselves as top junior ski racers in northern California in the early 1960s. After graduation from El Dorado High School in Placerville, both were offered skiing scholarships to the University of Colorado in Boulder, the dominant collegiate program of the era. Head coach Bob Beattie was also the coach of the U.S. Ski Team, and the national team was heavy with CU skiers. While at Colorado, Spider majored in aeronautical engineering and was selected to the national team. Steve's career was ended by a knee injury while at CU.
Olympics and World Cup.
Sabich skied on the World Cup circuit for its first four seasons, and finished fifth in the slalom in the thick fog at the 1968 Winter Olympics at age 22. His sole World Cup victory came two months later in April, a slalom at Heavenly Valley at South Lake Tahoe, just east of his hometown of Kyburz. He finished eighth in the slalom standings for the 1968 season and was the U.S. downhill champion.
Sabich reached the World Cup podium (top three) three more times in the slalom in 1969. He finished seventh in the 1969 season standings for the slalom and 11th overall, but fell out of the top ten in the slalom the following year.
Sabich had 18 top ten finishes in Olympic and World Cup competition: two in downhill, three in giant slalom, and 13 in slalom.
World Cup results.
Season standings.
Points were only awarded for top ten finishes (see scoring system).
World Championship results.
From 1948 through 1980, the Winter Olympics were also the World Championships for alpine skiing.<br>
At the World Championships from 1954 through 1980, the combined was a "paper race" using the results of the three events (DH, GS, SL).
Pro Tour.
Sabich turned professional after the 1970 season, following his friend Billy Kidd, who joined the pro tour in mid-February 1970 and won the first title. Pro ski racing was conducted in a dual slalom (and giant slalom) format, with racers going head-to-head in elimination heats. It was staged primarily in the United States, rather than Europe, and was headed by his former coach, Bob Beattie.
The attractive and charismatic Sabich helped popularize skiing in the U.S. in the late 1960s and early 1970s; he was the suspected inspiration (along with Kidd) for 1969 film "Downhill Racer", starring Robert Redford (although Sabich was much more light-hearted than Redford's Dave Chappellet). Sabich won the pro championship in 1971 and 1972. The prize money was modest (he took home $21,189 as champion in 1971), but handsome endorsements for the era followed, which pushed his annual income well over $100,000. This allowed him to move from his collegiate (and World Cup) base of Boulder to the ski resort of Aspen in 1971.
With his brother's help, Sabich built a house in 1971 in the gated Starwood area northwest of Aspen, near the home of singer John Denver. (Sabich's chalet was originally built for $90,000; its estimated value was $250,000 in 1976 and $3 million by the mid-1990s.) A lifelong appreciator of aviation, Sabich earned his pilot's license and owned a twin-engine Piper Aztec that he flew to his pro skiing events in North America.
While chasing Jean-Claude Killy for the 1973 pro title, Sabich incurred a back injury (compressed vertebra) on the final weekend of the season at Aspen Highlands. In the semifinals of the giant slalom, he hurtled over the second jump at and caught his arm on a gate, and somersaulted onto the back of his neck in an explosion of snow and skis. He struggled to stand up, but was too stunned to walk and was hospitalized. Sabich was out of the next day's slalom, and Killy won the season title in his first (and only full season) on the pro tour. Sabich finished third on the money list, at $36,500.
Unfortunately, injuries curtailed Sabich's success over the next three seasons, and his last victory on the pro circuit was in early January 1974 at Mount Snow, Vermont. A few months later he hurt his knee in Sun Valley, and finished fifth on the money list in 1974 at $25,100, with Killy sitting out the season. Sabich had knee surgery in August, and was featured on the cover of GQ magazine in November as "pro skiing's richest racer," holding his tri-color K2 skis, but sat out the 1975 season. He returned to the circuit in 1976 but qualified for only two races, with just $800 in earnings.
Death.
Late in the afternoon on Sunday, March 21, 1976, Sabich returned from a training session at Aspen Highlands and a brief visit with Beattie, whom he planned to meet for dinner. While preparing to shower, he was shot in the bathroom of his Starwood home by his live-in girlfriend, singer-actress Claudine Longet. The two had met at a pro-celebrity event four years earlier in 1972 in Bear Valley, California, and had quickly become an item. She claimed the gun discharged accidentally, when he was showing her how it worked. Sabich was hit by a single gunshot in the abdomen and lost a significant amount of blood before an ambulance arrived. He died on the way to Aspen Valley Hospital with Longet at his side, shortly after 5 pm. Sabich was 31 years and 2 months old.
Longet, 34, was arrested and charged with the shooting. At the trial, Longet repeated the claim that the gun had accidentally fired when Sabich was showing her how to use it.
The Pitkin County Sheriffs, who made the arrest, made two procedural errors that aided Longet's defense: without warrants, they took a blood sample from her and confiscated her diary. According to prosecutors, the sample showed the presence of cocaine in her blood, and her diary reportedly contradicted her claim that her relationship with Sabich had not soured. In addition, the gun (which had a defect requiring it to be fired several times before it finally discharged) was mishandled by non-weapons experts. As they were unable to cite any of the disallowed material, prosecutors did use the autopsy report to suggest that when Sabich was struck, he was bent over, facing away, and at least from Longet, which would be inconsistent with the position and relative distance of someone demonstrating the operation of a firearm.
The jury convicted her of a lesser charge—misdemeanor criminal negligence—and sentenced her to pay a small fine and spend 30 days in jail. The judge allowed Longet to choose the days she served, believing that this arrangement would allow her to spend the most time with her children, and she chose to work off most of her sentence on weekends. (Critical reaction to the verdict and sentencing was exacerbated when she subsequently vacationed with her defense attorney, Ron Austin, who was married at the time; Longet and Austin later married and still live in Aspen.)
After the criminal trial, Sabich's parents filed a civil lawsuit against Longet in May 1977. The case was eventually resolved out of court in September 1979, with the proviso that Longet never tell or write about her story.
Burial.
Sabich is buried in northern California at Westwood Hills Memorial Park in Placerville, where he attended high school. His hometown of Kyburz, east and upstream, did not have a cemetery in 1976. Kidd delivered the eulogy at the brief service, with former coach Beattie and former teammates as pallbearers. The presence of Longet and her supporters, including ex-husband Andy Williams and their children, at Spider's memorial service in Aspen two days later was awkward for the Sabich family.
Sabich is buried next to his older sister, Mary Frances Sabich, a physician who died of brain cancer in 1988 at the age of 45. Younger brother Steve died of melanoma in 2004 at age 57, shortly after the deaths of their parents.

</doc>
<doc id="2894703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894703" title="Vela International Marine">
Vela International Marine

Vela International Marine Limited () is a Saudi Aramco-owned company headquartered on the 7th floor of City Tower 2 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Vela, established in 1984, currently owns 29 oil tankers most of which are very large crude carriers (VLCCs).
Vela International Marine's ship the MV Sirius Star was hijacked by Somali pirates on 15 November 2008 and released 9 January 2009 after a $3 million ransom was paid.
The Vela Fleet.
The current fleet consists of:
Vela International Marine Limited is ranked the sixth largest VLCC owner in the world:

</doc>
<doc id="2894704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894704" title="Ak-Chin Indian Community">
Ak-Chin Indian Community

The Ak Chin Indian Community of the Maricopa (Ak Chin) Indian Reservation is a Native American community located in the Santa Cruz Valley in Arizona. The community is composed mainly of Akimel O'odham and Tohono O'odham, as well as some Hia-Ced O'odham members.
Name.
Ak-Chin is an O'odham word that means the "mouth of the arroyo."
Reservation.
The Maricopa Reservation was founded in 1912 and has been reduced from 47,600 acres to its current 22,000 acres. The reservation is located in Pinal County, Arizona within the Sonoran Desert. Averaging an elevation of 1,186 feet, this reservation located 37 miles south of Phoenix. Much of the land is good for farming, and 15,000 acres are irrigated.
Government.
The Ak-Chin Indian Community is headquartered in Maricopa, Arizona. The current tribal council is as follows:
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population living in the community was 742, with a median age of 24.2, compared to a median age of 37.1 for all of Pinal County. 89.4% of the population was American Indian or Alaska Native alone or in combination with other races. Most of the population lives in Ak-Chin Village, in the western part of the reservation. Part of the city of Maricopa also lies within reservation territory.
Language.
The Ak-Chin Indian Community has its own written form of the O'odham language, which is in the Piman group of the Uto-Aztecan language family.
Economic development.
Ak-Chin Farms Enterprises is the Ak-Chin Indian Community's agricultural business.
The tribe owns and operates Harrah's Phoenix Ak-Chin, Agave's Southwestern Restaurant, Copper Cactus Grill, Harvest Buffet, the Range restaurant, and hotel, all located in Maricopa. The tribe owns the naming rights for the Ak-Chin Pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="2894713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894713" title="Wild Wood">
Wild Wood

Wild Wood was Paul Weller's second solo record, released in September 1993. It made it to number 2 in the UK charts, and contained three UK hits: "Wild Wood", which reached #14 in the UK charts, "Sunflower", which reached #16 and "Hung Up", which reached #11.
The original 1993 UK and European CD included 15 tracks. When issued in the US, and reissued in the UK in 1994, a 16th track was added.
In 2000 "Q" magazine placed it at number 77 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever and was also featured in the book, "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".
A two disc deluxe edition was released on 22 October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2894716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894716" title="Pathological lying">
Pathological lying

In psychiatry, pathological lying (also called compulsive lying, pseudologia fantastica and mythomania) is a behavior of habitual or compulsive lying. It was first described in the medical literature in 1891 by Anton Delbrueck. Although it is a controversial topic, pathological lying has been defined as "falsification entirely disproportionate to any discernible end in view, may be extensive and very complicated, and may manifest over a period of years or even a lifetime". The individual may be aware they are lying, or may believe they are telling the truth, being unaware that they are relating fantasies.
Epidemiology.
Although little has been written about pathological lying, one study found a prevalence of almost 1 in 1,000 repeat juvenile offenders. The average age of onset is 16 years when the level of intelligence is average or above average. Also, they have shown above level verbal skills as opposed to performance abilities. 30% of subjects had a chaotic home environment, where a parent or family member had a mental disturbance. Its occurrence was found by the study to be equal in women and men but some believe it occurs more in women. Forty percent of cases reported central nervous system abnormality such as epilepsy, abnormal EEG findings, ADHD, head trauma, or CNS infection.
Characteristics.
Defining characteristics of 'pathological lying include: 
Pathological lying may also present as false memory syndrome, where the sufferer genuinely believes that fictitious events have taken place, regardless that these events are fantasies. The sufferer may believe that he or she has committed superhuman acts of altruism and love or has committed equally grandiose acts of diabolical evil, for which the sufferer must atone, or has already atoned for in her/his fantasies.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosing pathological lying can be very difficult because it has not been recognized as a disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. Many other disorders acknowledge pathological lying as a symptom of disorders such as psychopathy, and antisocial, borderline, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people that are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a common symptom of several mental illnesses.
It has been shown through a lie detector test that PF patients exhibit arousal, stress, and guilt from their deception. This is not the same as psychopaths who have none of those reactions. People affected by antisocial disorder lie for external personal profit in the forms of money, sex, and power. PF is strictly internal. The difference between borderline personality disorder and PF is that BPD patients desperately try to cope with their feeling of abandonment, mistreatment, or rejection by making empty threats of suicide or false accusations of abandonment. Pathological liars don't feel rejected, they have high levels of self-assurance that help them lie successfully. Unlike those with histrionic personality, pathological liars are more verbally dramatic than sexually flamboyant. Narcissists think they have achieved perfection and are unempathetic to others. PF patients do not show these anti-social behaviors, they often lie because they think their life is not interesting enough. The only diagnosis in our current system where purposeless, internally motivated deception is listed is Axis I factitious disorder. This diagnosis deals with people who lie about having physical or psychological disorders. People with PF tend to lie about their identities and past history. Since the symptoms do not match up, the individual may go undiagnosed.
Pathological liars.
Lying is the act of both knowingly and intentionally/willfully making a false statement. Most people do so out of fear. Normal lies are defensive, and are told to avoid the consequences of truth telling. They are often white lies that spare another's feelings, reflect a pro-social attitude, and make civilized human contact possible. Pathological lying is considered a mental illness, because it takes over rational judgment and progresses into the fantasy world and back. 
Pathological lying can be described as a habituation of lying. It is when an individual consistently lies for no personal gain. The lies are commonly transparent and often seem rather pointless.
There are many consequences of being a pathological liar. Due to lack of trust, most pathological liars' relationships and friendships fail. If the disease continues to progress, lying could become so severe as to cause legal problems, including but not limited to fraud.
Psychotherapy appears to be one of the only methods to treat a person suffering from pathological lying. No research has been performed regarding the use of pharmaceutical medication to treat pathological liars. Some research suggests that certain people may have a “predisposition to lying”. A study showed that pathological liars had increased white matter volumes in the orbitofrontal, inferior frontal, and middle frontal cortexes compared to control groups. There is a counter-argument saying long-term training may cause regional increase in white matter volume, and the repeated activation may cause permanent changes in brain chemistry. It could be either a genetic condition, or an environmentally induced one. Further research is needed on this subject to determine the cause.
Pathological lying is a complex phenomenon, differing from other mental illnesses. It has many life-changing consequences for those who must live with the illness. Currently, there is not enough research in the area of pathological lying to guarantee a cure.

</doc>
<doc id="2894726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894726" title="Gillian Bradshaw">
Gillian Bradshaw

Gillian Marucha Bradshaw (born May 14, 1956) is an American writer of historical fiction, historical fantasy, children's literature, science fiction, and contemporary science-based novels, who currently lives in Britain. Her serious historical novels are often set in classical antiquity — Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece, the Byzantine Empire, Saka and the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, Imperial Rome, Sub-Roman Britain and Roman Britain. She has also written two novels set in the English Civil War.
Biography.
Gillian Bradshaw was born in Falls Church, Virginia, and spent part of her youth in Santiago, Chile. She attended the University of Michigan, where she won the Phillips Prize for Classical Greek in 1975 and 1977, as well as the Hopwood Prize for fiction for her first novel, "Hawk of May". She went on to advanced study at Newnham College, Cambridge, where she studied Classical philology. "Hawk of May" was published while she was preparing for University of Cambridge exams.
Bradshaw decided to stay in Cambridge for another year to write another novel and think about what to do for a career. However, while there, she discovered she could live on her income as a novelist, and she has been writing novels ever since. She also met her husband, who was completing his doctorate in physics. Bradshaw and her husband, British Mathematical physics professor Robin Ball, have four children. She says of herself, "I am an enthusiast for classical antiquity, and love roaming about Graeco-Roman ruins on holiday. The rest of the family has a huge exposure to hypocausts and hippodromes. They have sometimes protested ('Not another Roman ruin!') but mostly they've quite enjoyed it."
Bradshaw's physicist husband provided one aspect of her portrayal of Archimedes in her novel "The Sand-Reckoner". But as she states in the afterword, her portrayal is based on the ancient sources on Archimedes and not on any living person such as the theoretical physicists she knows. Bradshaw has been a judge in the Institute of Physics Paperclip Physics competition, and her contemporary and historical novels with a scientific background show a deep interest in human responses to scientific discoveries.
Works.
1980–1990.
Bradshaw's first published novels were the Arthurian historical fantasy trilogy, "Down the Long Wind". These three young adult books — "Hawk of May", "Kingdom of Summer", and "In Winter's Shadow" — were released between 1980 and 1982. Set in Sub-Roman Britain, the trilogy's main character is Gwalchmai (Gawain), who must choose between supporting his evil mother Morgawse or his maternal uncle King Arthur. The title "Down the Long Wind" is taken from Alfred, Lord Tennyson's "Idylls of the King":
Bradshaw next began writing adult historical fiction. Her 1986 novel, "The Beacon at Alexandria", features Charis of Ephesus, a female doctor cross-dressing as a eunuch in 4th century Alexandria, in Roman Egypt.
"The Bearkeeper's Daughter" tells the story of Theodora, empress consort of Byzantine Emperor Justinian I. Theodora was born into the lowest class of Byzantine society, and was the daughter of Acacius, a bearkeeper for the circus.
"Imperial Purple" (UK title: "The Colour of Power"), released in 1988, features Demetrias of Tyre, a woman who was born into slavery but who is becoming a skilled weaver. The plot focuses on her discovery of a plot to depose Theodosius II and remove from power his sister Pulcheria.
In 1990 Bradshaw wrote "Horses of Heaven", about a marriage alliance between the Saka Kingdom of Ferghana and the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom. The marriage of King Mauakes and Princess Heliokleia occurs around 140 BC, and brings many changes at court.
1991–2000.
Bradshaw next turned to writing three children's books — starting with two linked tales involving Ancient Egypt, "The Dragon and the Thief" in 1991 and "The Land of Gold" in 1992. The latter features a Nubian princess who survives her parents' murder, and attempts to regain her throne with the assistance of the dragon Hathor.
These two books were followed by "Beyond the North Wind" (1993). The novel features a young magician assigned by Apollo to protect a tribe of griffins from a hostile queen. The title is again a reference to an earlier work, in this that of case Aristeas of Proconnesus, a 7th-century BC Greek, who reported that the griffins lived in Scythia, near the cave of Boreas, the North Wind. "The Dragon and the Thief", "The Land of Gold", and "Beyond the North Wind" all began as stories for the pleasure of her own children.
Bradshaw then continued her works of serious adult historical fiction with "Island of Ghosts" in 1998. The novel tells the story of Ariantes, one of 8,000 Sarmatians in military service to Marcus Aurelius.
In 2000 she wrote her first science fiction novel, "The Wrong Reflection", about an amnesiac who finds his given identity of "Paul Anderson" to be a fabrication.
This was followed by historical novel "The Sand-Reckoner", a telling of the story of Archimedes of Syracuse, Italy, from his studies at the Library of Alexandria to his involvement in the Second Punic War (218 – 202 BC), and his conflict with Marcus Claudius Marcellus.
2001 – present.
In 2001, Bradshaw published her second science fiction novel, "Dangerous Notes". It features Valeria Thornham, a young classical guitarist and composer whose brain was implanted with cloned stem cells in childhood after an accident. She is considered a potential psychotic and is arrested and detained at a mental research facility, where she is threatened with the prospect of undergoing surgery to remove the part of her brain that is responsible for her extraordinary musical talent.
Bradshaw's 2001 historical novel "The Wolf Hunt" was based on Marie de France's Breton lai "Bisclavret", and features Marie Penthive of Chalendrey, a Norman kidnapped and taken to the Duchy of Brittany. Marie then becomes involved in the life of the late 11th-century Duchy's court and its plots.
Her next historical novel, "Cleopatra's Heir" (2002) tells the tale of Caesarion, son of Julius Caesar and Cleopatra VII of Egypt, who managed to escape execution at the order of his adoptive brother Caesar Augustus. The young man is then forced in a life of poverty in his new environment, the Roman Empire.
In 2002 Bradshaw also wrote a short story set in Ancient Egypt, "The Justice of Isis", taking place in Alexandria in 58 BCE, during the reign of Ptolemy XII. It was published in "The Mammoth Book of Egyptian Whodunits." This short story was also published in Czech as "Esetina spravedlnost" in 2004.
This was followed by another historical novel, "Render Unto Caesar" (2003), featuring Hermogenes, a Roman citizen of Greek origin, meeting prejudice in the city of Rome when he tries to collect a debt, and his body guard, "Cantabra", a former gladiatrix, originally from Cantabria.
In 2003, Bradshaw also wrote a short story set in the last decades of Imperial Rome, "The Malice of the Anicii". Written in the style of a scholarly edition of Ammianus Marcellinus's "History of Rome", the story was published in "The Mammoth Book of Roman Whodunits."
Bradshaw returned to science fiction with "The Somers Treatment" (2003). The novel features neurosurgeon David Somers advancing his own unique treatment of specific language impairment. However, his research receives its funding from MI5, for reasons that remain secret to the public.
Her 2004 historical novel "The Alchemy of Fire" takes place in Constantinople under Constantine IV. Anna, former concubine to a prince of the Heraclian Dynasty, attempts to raise her daughter Theodosia on her own while protecting the secret of the girl's noble birth. Meanwhile alchemist Kallinikos of Baalbek works in creating Greek fire.
"The Elixir of Youth" (2006) was Bradshaw's next novel, looking at the complex relationship between a philosopher daughter and her molecular biologist father, who walked out of the family when she was a child, and whose serum to repair the effects of aging on the skin has gone missing. Like her earlier novel "Dangerous Notes" (2001), the use of stem cells in research is a theme.
"Bloodwood" was published in 2007. This novel is set in contemporary Britain, and focuses on Antonia Lanchester, a terminally ill employee of a home-furnishing company, who hands over incriminating files from her employer's computer to an environmental campaign group.
Her next novel, "Dark North" (2007), was a return to Roman Britain for Bradshaw. Set in 208 CE, it looks at the troubled reign of Emperor Septimius Severus — and his attempt to conquer Scotland — through the eyes of Memnon (an African cavalry scout) and members of Empress Julia Domna's household.
"The Sun's Bride" (2008) is set in Ancient Greece, in Rhodes in the year 246 BCE. Shipping, piracy and the politics of the eastern Mediterranean Sea are the well-researched backdrop to the story of two people caught up in the end of the rein of Antiochus II Theos and the beginning of the Third Syrian War, and how these change their lives.
"London in Chains" (2009) is her first historical novel of a planned two set in the English Civil War. Like many of her novels, it focuses on one woman's struggle for independence in a male dominated world. Starting in 1647, it is set around a Lucy Wentor, a young woman establishing herself in the politically sensitive publishing trade in London. 
"A Corruptible Crown" (2011) follows Lucy's career in publishing: printing news-books and avoiding censors.
Impact and critical reception.
Bradshaw has a vast knowledge of classical culture — of life in the ancient Greek and Roman worlds — and she puts that to use in her historical fiction. These critically acclaimed historical novels have led some to consider her Rosemary Sutcliff's literary heir. Bradshaw's novels with a scientific basis are similarly highly credible.
Gillian Bradshaw's novels have been published in English in Britain and the U.S., and have been translated into: Czech (her name also being sometimes translated, as "Gillian Bradshawová"); Danish; French; German; and Spanish. In all six of her major published languages, Bradshaw's writing has earned critical acclaim.
In Czech, she has also had two short stories published. "The Justice of Isis" was published as "Esetina spravedlnost" in 2004, and "The Malice of the Anicii" was published as "Zlovolnost Anicijských" in 2008.
Bibliography.
Note: "Shock Monday", a book sometimes cited as being by this writer, was written by an Australian author of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="2894731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894731" title="National Prosecuting Authority Act, 1998">
National Prosecuting Authority Act, 1998

The National Prosecuting Authority Act, 1998 (Act No. 32 of 1998) is an act of the Parliament of South Africa which established the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA). The creation of the NPA was required by section 179 of the Constitution of South Africa, which came into force in February 1997.
Prior to the passage of the NPA Act, public prosecutions were under the direction of the attorneys-general, with a separate attorney-general appointed by the President for each division of the High Court. The offices of the attorneys-general were merged into a centralised National Prosecuting Authority headed by the National Director of Public Prosecutions, and the various attorneys-general became Directors of Public Prosecutions.
The NPA was established as a single national prosecuting authority in terms of section 179(1) of the Constitution of South Africa 1996, which provides as follows:
“(1) There is a single national prosecuting authority in the Republic, structured in terms of an Act of Parliament, and consisting of:
a. a National Director of Public Prosecutions, who is the head of the prosecuting authority, and is appointed by the President, as head of the national executive; and 
b. Directors of Public Prosecutions and prosecutors as determined by an Act of Parliament.
(2) The prosecuting authority has the power to institute criminal proceedings on behalf of the state, and to carry out any necessary functions incidental to instituting criminal proceedings.”
One scholar has commented that “as a representative of the state, the NPA has a special role in our criminal justice system because it has the responsibility of enforcing criminal laws in South Africa by instituting criminal proceedings on behalf of the state.” Although the head of the NPA, the National Director of Public Prosecutions (National Director), is appointed by the President as head of national executive and the NPA forms part of the executive, section 179(4) of the Constitution requires that “national legislation must ensure that the prosecuting authority exercises its functions without fear, favour or prejudice”.
In its interpretation of section 179(4), the Constitutional Court of South Africa has said that “there is a constitutional guarantee of independence and any legislative or executive action inconsistent therewith would be subject to constitutional control.”
Proposed Amendments to the National Prosecuting Authority Act.
In 2013, Ms Dene Smuts, a member of parliament representing the opposition Democratic Alliance, introduced a private member Bill called the Constitution Eighteenth Amendment Bill 6 – 2013.Before it was defeated in the Portfolio Committee on Justice and Constitutional Development, the Bill sought to drastically amend the Constitution of South Africa in matters pertaining to the NPA and the National Prosecuting Authority Act. Specifically, the Bill sought to provide that (1) the President should appoint the National Director on the recommendation and approval of the National Assembly; (2) for the participation of civil society in the nomination of persons for the position of National Director; (3) that the National Director may only be removed from office following a finding of misconduct, incapacity or incompetence and the adoption of a resolution by the National Assembly; (4) removal of clause providing the final responsibility of the cabinet member responsible for the administration of justice over the prosecuting authority; and (5) that the NPA be accountable to the National Assembly.
In an article commenting on the Bill, one scholar examines the justifications for the Bill and argues that proponents of the Bill failed to justify on substantive grounds why the Bill was important.The author advances two main arguments against the Bill. Firstly, that the proposition in the Bill is probably contrary to the South African constitutional scheme and that it may not be reconciled with other features or provisions in the Constitution. Secondly, that if approved in its current form the Bill would breach separation of powers.

</doc>
<doc id="2894733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894733" title="Core (novel)">
Core (novel)

Core is a science fiction novel by author Paul Preuss. First published in August 1993, it is about a group of scientists who must undertake a dangerous trip to the core of the Earth.
A 2003 film, "The Core", was loosely based on this novel.
Synopsis.
After several disasters around the world connected with the electromagnetic field, a group of scientists travel into the Earth's core to start it again.

</doc>
<doc id="2894742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894742" title="Thayer Academy">
Thayer Academy

Thayer Academy (TA) is a private, co-educational, college-preparatory day school located in Braintree, Massachusetts, United States. The academy, conceived in 1871 at the bequest of General Sylvanus Thayer, the father of the United States Military Academy, and founder of the Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth College, was established in 1877. Thayer annually enrolls approximately 470 students in the Upper School (grades 9–12) and an additional 220 students in the Middle School (grades 6–8). The campus is situated in the heart of Braintree and consists of eight buildings and 54 classrooms. Students are drawn primarily from Boston's MetroWest and South Shore communities.
History.
General Thayer, born in Braintree, Massachusetts, graduated as valedictorian from both Dartmouth College and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. General Thayer was dedicated to hard work, and at the age of 17, he taught in the local schools of Hanover, New Hampshire to earn money to pay for college – an early sign of the importance he attached to teaching and education. He was Superintendent of the Military Academy at West Point from 1817–1833. General Thayer's 1871 will provided for the creation of Thayer Academy, and on September 12, 1877, the Academy opened its doors to 30 students in what is now Main Building. Glover opened sometime later in 1894. The junior school (grades 5-8), Thayerlands, opened in 1924 and quickly grew to include eight grades as well as kindergarten and nursery school. Beginning in 1969, the lower grades were gradually eliminated, and Thayerlands became Thayer Academy Middle School. Thayer has been a co-educational institution since its founding.
Academic program, students and faculty.
Thayer recently completed two state-of-the-art biology labs, a two-story strength and conditioning facility, a new Middle School Resource Center, and four synthetic grass playing fields. In addition, a new Center for the Arts opened its doors in the fall of 2008 and includes a 550-seat theater, dance studios, and art classrooms. Tuition is $35,125 (2011–2012). The school provides $4.9 million in financial aid and is easily accessible from the major surrounding highways: routes 3, I-93, and I-95, and is within walking distance of the Braintree MBTA Red Line rapid transit station.
Total combined enrollment at Thayer Upper and Middle Schools is approximately 690. The Thayer faculty consists of over 100 teachers, and the average class size is between 13 and 16 students. 
100% of Thayer graduates matriculate to 4-year colleges and universities. Over 90% of students taking AP exams earn scores of 3 or better and over 60% of Thayer graduates attend colleges and universities listed as "more selective" or "most selective" by "Peterson's Guide."
Academic highlights.
Mathletes.
Thayers Traveling Mathlete Team is consistently successful. Often, they win their division, are invited to the regional play-offs, and then continue on to the Massachusetts State Competition. The math team consists of 15 students of all grade levels who meet for practice and travel to area high schools for competitions.
"Voice".
Thayer Academy’s student magazine "Voice", published four times per year, was named best scholastic magazine for a school of any size in all of New England by the New England Scholastic Press Association (NEPSA).
In addition, eight Thayer students won Individual Achievement (IA) awards. Over 1,300 entries were received for various IA categories and typically, 10% or fewer entries in any category win recognition.
"Voice" has two faculty advisors who help students with production questions and ideas. Students are encouraged and expected to display professional journalistic standards and make decisions on their own regarding writing, editing and publishing.
The basic guideline for "Voice" is that no topic is off-limits. The school administration doesn’t censor the content and all content and editorials are written by students. There is a staff of 18-20 and no single editor.
Green Projects: Grease Lightning.
In 2007, with the support of faculty, parents, trustees, and local restaurants, the Advanced Placement Environmental Science (APES) class converted a 1981 Mercedes Benz 300D (diesel) to an environmentally friendly 'green car' that runs on filtered waste vegetable oil.
The class spent a semester installing the conversion kit from Greasecar. The students were divided into teams, some focusing on the build and install, others focusing on the wiring and still another group in charge of the marketing and advertising. "...when Mr. Schneider asked us all if we were interested in making a grease car, ...we thought it would be really, really fun," said Liz Tillotson, a student from Milton, Massachusetts. "We eventually decided to do something that would really stand out and make an impact in the community," said Skip Schneider, the science teacher who supervised the project.
Athletics.
Thayer's athletic teams participate in the competitive Independent School League (ISL), the oldest independent school athletic association in the United States. Thayer has long had a reputation as an ice hockey powerhouse, and additionally offers these interscholastic sports at the High School varsity level:
Thayer also offers interscholastic sports in the Middle School.
As a general rule, Middle School Students are required to participate in interscholastic activities or Health and Wellness (a program consisting of intramural and fitness activities), year-round. High School students are required to participate in 11 terms of interscholastic sports or Health and Wellness classes in order to graduate.

</doc>
<doc id="2894744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894744" title="Diego Alcazar">
Diego Alcazar

Diego Alcazar is a fictional character on the popular ABC daytime drama "General Hospital". Diego is the son of Lorenzo Alcazar and Maria Sanchez. Ignacio Serricchio originated the role of Diego in October 2004 and portrayed him until the character's supposed death in November 2006. Serricchio returned briefly in 2008, when it is revealed Diego is alive and terrorizing the citizens of Port Charles as the Text Message Killer.
Casting.
Ignacio Serricchio joined the cast in 2004, and remained on contract until November 2006, despite being off-screen from December 2005 until March 2006. In 2006 he amicably left the show, telling "Soap Opera Digest", "I was not fired and I didn't quit. [...] It's a win-win for everybody." Despite the character being killed off the series, Serricchio briefly reprised the role of Diego in 2008 as the Text Message Killer villan, before the character died again.
Storylines.
2004–06.
After being taken in as a foster child by Courtney Matthews, 17-year old Diego began acting out with Brook Lynn Ashton. Eventually he finds out his father is crime boss and arms dealer Lorenzo Alcazar, and Maria Sanchez, who Diego grew up believing was his sister, is actually his mother. Diego begins living with his father and following in his criminal footsteps.
In May 2005 Diego takes a liking to Maxie Jones and breaks up with his current girlfriend, Brook Lynn. It eventually turns out Diego is the Port Charles University stalker who had been drugging girls and taking pictures of them, including Maxie and Brook. He claims he was getting revenge for the death of his cousin, Sage Alcazar, who was locked in a freezer by Brook and Georgie Jones leading up to her stabbing by Mary Bishop. Lorenzo turns Diego in to the police for his crimes, but Diego runs out of the police station, holding Georgie hostage. He is ultimately caught and sent to prison, but returns to Port Charles a few months later. Serricchio spoke to "Soap Opera Digest" about the turn of his character, saying, "I think everybody has that side. I don’t know if it’s because he’s a bad person. I think it’s the teenage hormones that really got to him. You hear of kids that are wonderful human beings and all of a sudden they snap — and it comes out of nowhere. So, it’s more of a psychological thing. It doesn’t matter if he comes back or not. I’m good to go both ways."
In March 2006, Diego develops a relationship with Georgie, who was fighting with her husband Dillon Quartermaine, especially after he found out she had been writing to Diego while he was in prison. Diego teamed up with Lulu Spencer, who had a crush on Dillon, to break up Dillon and Georgie. The plan works and Diego and Georgie start dating until they realize what Diego and Lulu had done. Diego told Georgie he accepted her for who she was and loved her and refused to give up on them which touched Georgie.
In November 2006, Diego works with Lorenzo to try to frame Sam McCall, Jason Morgan, and Damian Spinelli. In a shootout, Sam shoots Diego in self defense, and everyone is led to believe he is dead.
2007–08: Text message killer.
On September 2007, Jason Morgan and Carly Corinthos Jacks find her nanny Leticia's body on the floor with a telephone cord wrapped around her neck. Sonny Corinthos believes that Leticia's death is a message sent by the Zaccharas, a new crime family in town. He begins receiving text messages, explaining that the killing will not stop at Leticia: "Nanny got the phone cord. Who comes next?"
Carly finds out that her cousin, Lulu Spencer, is texting Johnny Zacchara. Worried, Carly begins texting him, pretending to be Lulu. Then Carly receives a text message from an unknown number including photos of her and Jax that had been taken through her phone without her knowledge. After receiving an invitation to the Black and White Ball thrown by Nikolas Cassadine and Emily Quartermaine, Carly receives the text message, "See U at the ball".
At the Black and White Ball, Carly sends text messages to the killer, planning to meet him in the study. She waits there until Cooper Barrett walks in. Carly holds Coop at gun point, but he pleads his innocence. Maxie Jones arrives and they leave. Later that night, Carly is nearly strangled herself, but Johnny arrives in time and saves her life. Later in the evening, Emily and Nikolas are in the ballroom when someone knocks Nikolas unconscious and begins strangling Emily. Nikolas later wakes up to see Emily's lifeless body next to him. Word of Emily's passing spreads as everyone mourns her death, and fears of the Text Message Killer grow.
Weeks later, Georgie Jones, Maxie's sister, receives a text message saying, "Seen ur sis?". Later that day, Maxie returns home to find the killer waiting for her, who begins strangling her. Georgie arrives home as the killer runs past her. The next day, as Maxie gets another text message from the killer, Georgie notices Coop looking at Maxie strangely as he holds his cell phone. Georgie begins asking questions about Coop's whereabouts at the ball and the day Maxie was strangled. Georgie enlists Damian Spinelli's help in proving that Coop is the killer. Spinelli finds out that a female soldier was strangled where Coop was stationed in Iraq, furthering their suspicions.
On December 17, 2007, Georgie gets a text message saying, "Tell Sis to meet in park." Georgie goes alone, and is about to call 911 when someone emerges from the bushes. Shortly thereafter, Georgie's lifeless body is discovered by Spinelli. Word of Georgie's death spreads as the entire town grieves the loss. Later, Coop arrives late to meet Maxie, who asks him why his hands are cold. Meanwhile, a mysterious new waiter at Kelly's, Daniel, is seen to be very suspicious during conversations that involve the Text Message Killer. He is also seen wrapping a piece of string around the neck of a small doll.
Coop's DNA is a match to the skin found under Georgie's fingernails, furthering his position as the prime suspect. He attempts to explain that the DNA came from Georgie scratching him in a panic when he stopped to ask her if she was okay alone in the park. On January 25, 2008, Coop is found dead in his room, and it is presumed he hung himself out of guilt and was the killer.
Sam McCall is then strangled by a masked man. She fights him off but is hit by a car after running into the street. Sam is convinced the Text Message Killer is alive, meanwhile Maxie enlists Spinelli's help with proving Coop's innocence. Logan Hayes begins acting suspiciously, and it is revealed that his ribs are badly bruised right after Sam's fight with the killer. They warn his girlfriend Lulu Spencer, who sneaks into his apartment and finds a ski mask, gloves and a cell phone piggy back device. Logan refutes her claims and says he was planning to frame his rival, Johnny Zacchara. She tries to leave, but Logan grabs her. Lulu, in a desperate attempt to get away, hits Logan with a wrench and knocks him out.
Sam returns home from the hospital, where the killer slips a cord around her neck. She fights free and the man reveals his face, showing he is Diego Alcazar. Diego explains to Sam that after he was shot, his father felt his pulse and took him to South America for treatment. His father planned to come live with him there, but never came because Jason Morgan killed him. Diego vowed to make Sonny and Jason pay, and planned to kill their loved ones to make them suffer. He explains that he planned to kill Carly first, but Letica found him so he killed her instead. Then he decided to scare his victims before killing them. He began to send text messages to taunt Sonny and Jason. Diego then kidnaps Sam and holds her hostage at a warehouse. There he continues to explain to Sam why he targeted his victims. He says he strangled Emily because she was Jason's sister. He targeted Maxie next because of her involvement in sending him to prison for the PCU stalkings. He meant to kill Maxie instead of Georgie in the park, but once Georgie saw who he was he felt he was forced to kill her. He killed Cooper because he was getting too close to figuring out Diego was the killer. He went after Alexis Davis both because she had killed his uncle Luis Alcazar and because she is Sam's mother. He went after Sam both to hurt Jason and because Sam had shot him. He then places a bomb in Sam's lap and leaves.
Sam manages to get free. She tries to escape through the ducts but Diego has set it up so it would lead her right back to him. Diego returns to the warehouse and puts Sam in the trunk of his car. He goes back to her apartment to pack her bags and make it look like she left town. However, he forgets to take her cell phone, which is later found by Jason. When Diego leaves the apartment, he finds Elizabeth Webber standing outside and drugs her, kidnaps her, and handcuffs her in the back seat of his car. Max Giambetti sees him and tries to stop him but he hits him with his car. Elizabeth wakes up as Diego is driving them to the Hangman's Bridge. She claws at him, which causes Diego to wreck the car, which teeters on the edge of the bridge. The series began uses special effects by Stargate Digital previously used in for the action shots for these scenes. Jason and Lucky Spencer show up and manage to rescue Sam and Elizabeth. Lucky gets shot by Diego, who gets away in the process.
Nikolas and Nadine Crowell go to the warehouse to look for Diego. Diego finds Nadine alone, and holds her hostage with bombs set to explode. He goes back to his headquarters where Nikolas finds him. The two struggle and Diego attempts to strangle Nikolas and escapes. Diego finds Maxie and Spinelli and is ready to strangle Maxie when Nikolas returns. Maxie stabs him with a pole bar and Nikolas punches him. A rope gets around Diego's neck when Nikolas attacks him. He tries to get away, but he ends up falling off of the catwalk and hangs himself to death.

</doc>
<doc id="2894748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894748" title="Barre Adan Shire Hiiraale">
Barre Adan Shire Hiiraale

Barre Adan Shire (, ), also known as Barre Hiiraale, Barre "Hirale" Aden Shire, or Abdikadir Adan Shire, is a former Minister of Defense of the Somali Transitional Federal Government (TFG). He was previously the TFG Minister for National Reconstruction and Resettlement. Hiiraale was also the Chairman of the now defunct Juba Valley Alliance, which controlled Southern and Southwestern Somalia, including the nation's third-largest city, the strategic port town of Kismayo. During his time in office, Hiiraale presided over the country's largest autonomous area, as well as commanding an extensive militia.
Biography.
Barre Hiiraale was born in Geladin, which today is part of the Ogaden region in Ethiopia. He later moved to neighbouring Abudwak in the Galgadud region of Somalia, and from there on to Mogadishu for secondary school. For his post-secondary education, Hiiraale attended the prestigious United States Military Academy at West Point. That scholarship and patronage were part of Cold War-era treaties signed by Mogadishu and Washington in exchange for Washington's use of naval facilities in the coastal Somali cities of Kismayo, Mogadishu, and Berbera. Hiiraale returned to Somalia with a degree in Military Science, as well as Political Relations in military warfare.
Somali Civil War.
In the years of the Somali Civil War, he served as the commander of the Somali National Front (SNF). Under Col. Hirale's command, the SNF defeated the forces of Mohamed Farah Aidid and his USC in the Gedo region. The SNF then took control of Kismayo and the Lower Jubba region with the defeat and ousting of Mohammed Said Hersi "Morgan" and his SRRC Allied militias composed of the Ogaden SPM, the Harti SSDF, and the Rahanweyn RRA.
Juba Valley Alliance.
He was chairman of the Juba Valley Alliance (Isbahaysiga Dooxada Jubba), which declared autonomy from the rest of Somalia in 1998, and controlled Kismayo and the Juba Valley until the defeat of his forces by the ICU in 2006.
On August 6, 2001, after 10 days of heavy fighting in a battle involving 40 technicals and 1,000 militiamen, the JVA took the town of Jilib from the SRRC.
With hopes to end the violence, Col. Hirale participated in the Somali Reconciliation Conference, held in Eldoret, Kenya, in 2002.
Transitional Federal Government.
Col. Hirale serves as Defense Minister in Somalia's Transitional Federal Government. In November 2005, he was instrumental in making a compromise proposal to help establish the TFG.
He suffered the loss of Kismayo in September 2006, and further defeat during ICU's takeover of the Juba Valley in October 2006. On October 14, his wife was arrested in Kismayo, along with a number of other women.
He regrouped his forces in Gedo region, and successfully lead the counterattacking TFG forces, who, alongside Ethiopian troops, won successive battles during December 2006, eventually forcing the ICU back to Mogadishu, where, on December 29, the TFG and Ethiopian forces took Mogadishu.
Retaking the Juba Valley.
On December 29, 2006, TFG forces under Defense Minister (and former head of the Juba Valley Alliance) Barre Adan Shire Hiiraale entered Bu'aale, approximately 150 km north of Kismayo. Ethiopian jets continued to patrol over Jilib, and a column of 15 tanks was reported heading towards Bu'aale and Jilib. The Islamic militia reportedly mined the road to Jilib.
Battle of Jilib.
On December 31, 2006, the Battle of Jilib determined the control of the approaches to Kismayo. The result of the battle was the retaking of Kismayo on January 1, 2007, which was abandoned by ICU forces.
Peace Building.
On December 31, 2006, the Defense minister and his army confronted two opposing militias who were disputing the control of a vehicle left behind. Apparently, upon the Defense minister approaching them, they both united their guns towards the Defense minister and his army, forcing them to defend themselves. The casualties reported numbered 10 for the combined militia and 2 for the Defense minister.
Pardon Offered to Islamists.
On January 2, 2007, in Kismayo, Col. Hiiraale offered an amnesty to former members of the ICU forces. He also spoke about the strength of the new government: "You have heard a lot of times that the transitional government is weak... But I will confirm you that the national army are in control of all regions in the country - east, centre and south."
Arrest by Ethiopia.
On May 3, 2011, it was reported Barre Hirale was arrested by Ethiopian forces near Dolow, in the Gedo region, but was released shortly.

</doc>
<doc id="2894751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894751" title="Life of an American Fireman">
Life of an American Fireman

Life of an American Fireman is a short, silent film Edwin S. Porter made for the Edison Manufacturing Company. It was shot late in 1902 and distributed early in 1903. One of the earliest American narrative films, it depicts the rescue of a woman and child from a burning building. It bears notable similarities, suggesting influence, to Fire!, made by James Williamson in Hove, England in October 1901.
Historical significance.
"Life of an American Fireman" is notable for its synthesis of numerous innovations in film technique that had occurred in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Specifically, Porter builds a continuous narrative over seven scenes, rendered in a total of nine shots:
This particular construction of time and space was not invented by Porter, but he did maximize its use and further develop it in his more famous film of 1903, "The Great Train Robbery".
Charles Musser, a film scholar, points out that this film represents the social role of firefighters was changing at the time.
Differing versions.
The film was long considered important for its unusual editing style, being considered the earliest example of cross-cutting, notably during the final scenes of the rescue of the woman and her child. On the basis of this, Porter was hailed as an innovative editor. However, subsequent research by the paper print project at the Library of Congress suggested that the cross-cut version was re-edited at some unspecified time after the film's 1903 release, and that in its original form it used few, if any, of the pioneering edits claimed. As originally released, the interior point of view of the burning house is shown first and completed. Then the exact same action repeating itself is shown again from the exterior. Charles Musser has chronicled the history of this controversy in "Before the Nickelodeon" and concluded that the paper-print version containing the repetitive action was the one released in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="2894758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894758" title="Candida Casa">
Candida Casa

Candida Casa was the name given to the church established by St Ninian in Whithorn, Galloway, southern Scotland, in the mid fifth century AD. The name derives from (meaning hut) and / (meaning shining or glittering white), referring possibly to the stone used to construct it, or the whitewash used to paint it. 
History.
Whithorn precedes the Isle of Iona by 150 years as a birthplace of Scottish Christianity. In 397, St Ninian established the first Christian mission north of Hadrian's Wall here, while the Roman legions still occupied Britain. He erected a small stone church known as the "Candida Casa", or White House, which was Scotland's first Christian building, and the first Christian settlement north of Hadrian's Wall. The church site quickly grew to prominence in the early medieval period, becoming a cathedral and monastery, and remaining a centre for pilgrimage despite the unstable political situation in the region. At Whithorn, many monks were trained who later went into the missionary field to become famous apostles of Ireland and Alba, even as far north as the misty Orkney and Shetland Islands. Saint Éogan, founder of the monastery of Ardstraw, was an Irishman who lived in the sixth century AD and was said to have been taken by pirates to Britain. On obtaining his freedom, he went to study at Candida Casa.
Pottery and glass from the Mediterranean and Western France reached this early Christian monastery and many of the monks may have come from France itself, bringing new technology and crafts with them.
Whithorn and the surrounding area passed from Brythonic to Northumbrian to Norse control before finally returning to local control by 1100 AD, by which time the area was part of the Kingdom of Scots. 
The bishopric of Whithorn was reestablished in 1128, and a new cathedral and adjoining priory were built on the site.
The site fell into disrepair through the Scottish Reformation and beyond, until in 1822 the construction of the current parish church restored the site as a focus of religious worship, as it had been for more than a thousand years from its foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="2894760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894760" title="Edmund O'Reilly (theologian)">
Edmund O'Reilly (theologian)

Edmund O'Reilly (30 April 1811 – 10 November 1878) was a Catholic theologian. 
O'Reilly was born in London, England. He was educated at Clongowes and Maynooth and studied theology for several years in the Roman College; Doctor of Divinity. He was ordained as a priest in 1838. He taught theology for 13 years at Maynooth College. He entered the Jesuit novitiate at Naples, Italy. He taught theology for several years at Saint Beuno's College in North Wales. 
He was Professor of theology at the Catholic University of Ireland. He was the Rector of a house of spiritual exercises at Milltown Park near Dublin, and Provincial of Ireland from 1863 to 1870. He was constantly consulted on theological questions by the bishops and priests of Ireland. Cardinal Newman in his famous "Letter to the Duke of Norfolk" calls him "a great authority" and "one of the first theologians of the day". His chief work was "The Relations of the Church to Society".
O'Reilly died in Dublin, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2894766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894766" title="Prevention of Organised Crime Act, 1998">
Prevention of Organised Crime Act, 1998

The Prevention of Organised Crime Act (No. 121 of 1998) was an act of government by the Parliament of South Africa. It introduced measures to allow prosecutors to combat organised crime, money laundering, and gang activity. It also prohibited certain types of racketeering activities and abolished money laundering and established an obligation for people to report it.

</doc>
<doc id="2894768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894768" title="On My First Sonne">
On My First Sonne

"On My First Sonne", a poem by Ben Jonson, was written in 1603 after the death of Jonson's first son Benjamin at the age of seven. The poem, a reflection of a father's pain in his young son's death, is rendered more acutely moving when compared with Jonson's other, usually more cynical or mocking, poetry.
"On My First Sonne"
<poem>
Farewell, thou child of my right hand, and joy; 
My sinne was too much hope of thee, lov'd boy
Seven yeeres thou wert lent to me, and I thee pay,
Exacted by thy fate, on the just day.
O, could I loose all father, now. For why
Will man lament the state he should envie?
To have so soone scap'd worlds, and fleshes rage,
And, if no other miserie, yet age
Rest in soft peace, and, ask'd, say here doth lye
Ben Jonson his best piece of poetrie.
For whose sake, hence-forth, all his vowes be such,
As what he loves may never like too much.
</poem> 

</doc>
<doc id="2894780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894780" title="Noam Okun">
Noam Okun

Noam Okun (born April 16, 1978, in Haifa, Israel) is a professional tennis player.
He reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 95 in April 2002. Okun has won several challenger tournaments in his career, and has been a consistent competitor on the ATP tour, often qualifying for Grand Slam events.
He, Harel Levy, and Dudi Sela have been Israel's top singles players over the past few years. Okun trained at the Israel Tennis Centers.
Early life.
Okun was born in Haifa, Israel. He is Jewish.
Tennis career.
Okun began playing tennis at age nine, and was selected to be part of the Israeli Tennis Federation program after a short course at school.
Okun turned pro in 1999, at the age of 21.
In 2000, Okun qualified for the Australian Open, where he lost to hometown favorite Mark Philippoussis in a five-set thriller, 4–6, 2–6, 6–2, 6–3, 2–6. This was Okun's grand slam debut.
In March 2002 Okun upset Albert Portas of Spain, ranked # 26 in the world, 7–6(4), 6–4, in Scottsdale. In July 2002 he upset Sjeng Schalken of the Netherlands, ranked # 23 in the world, 7–6(5), 7–6(4), in Los Angeles. Okun qualified into the 2002 US Open, and lost to world # 1 and defending champion Lleyton Hewitt of Australia, 6–7(7), 4–6, 1–6 in the second round.
In August 2003 Okun upset Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands, ranked # 15 in the world, 3–6, 6–3, 6–1, in Cincinnati.
In August 2004, Okun won his first title in Binghamton, New York, beating Danai Udomchoke 6–3, 4–6, 6–1 for the title.
In June 2005, Okun qualified for Wimbledon, and lost to Gaël Monfils 6–3 4–6 4–6 6–7(14) in the first round. In September 2005, Okun qualified for the US Open and lost to Mariano Puerta 6–7(4), 7–6(3), 4–6, 0–6 in the first round.
In September 2006, Okun qualified for the US Open, and beat Potito Starace 6–2, 6–0, 4–6, 6–2 in the first round. Okun went down to Łukasz Kubot in the second round, 6–7(7), 4–6, 6–2, 6–2, 4–6.
In July 2007, Okun won his second challenger title in Winnetka, Illinois, beating South Africa's Kevin Anderson 6–4, 6–3 in the final.
Davis Cup.
Okun has been a major force on the Israeli Davis Cup team, playing for it in 1999 and since 2001, going 16–13, and winning both of his matches in Israel's 2006 3–2 victory over Great Britain. His Davis Cup record also includes big wins in live rubbers over Wayne Ferreira, Jarkko Nieminen, and Andreas Seppi.

</doc>
<doc id="2894782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894782" title="Facial tissue">
Facial tissue

Facial tissue and paper handkerchief refers to a class of soft, absorbent, disposable papers that is suitable for use on the face. They are disposable alternatives for cloth handkerchiefs. The terms are commonly used to refer to the type of paper tissue, usually sold in boxes, that is designed to facilitate the expulsion of nasal mucus from the nose although it may refer to other types of facial tissues including napkins and wipes.
Facial tissue is often referred to as a "tissue", or by the genericized trademark "Kleenex" which popularized the invention and its use.
Manufacture.
Facial tissue and paper handkerchiefs are made from the lowest basis weights tissue paper (14 18 g/m2). The surface is often made smoother by light calendering. These paper types consist usually of 2–3 plies. Because of high quality requirements the base tissue is normally made entirely from pure chemical pulp, but might contain added selected recycled fiber. The tissue paper might be treated with softeners, lotions or added perfume to get the right properties or "feeling". The finished facial tissues or handkerchiefs are folded and put in pocket-size packages or a box dispenser.
History.
Facial tissue has been used for centuries in Japan, in the form of washi (和紙) or Japanese tissue, as described in this 17th-century European account of the voyage of Hasekura Tsunenaga:
In 1924 facial tissue as it is known today was first introduced by Kimberly-Clark as Kleenex. It was invented as a means to remove cold cream. Early advertisements linked Kleenex to Hollywood makeup departments and sometimes included endorsements from movie stars (Helen Hayes and Jean Harlow) who used Kleenex to remove their theatrical makeup with cold cream. It was the customers that started to use Kleenex as a disposable handkerchief, and a reader review in 1926 by a newspaper in Peoria, Illinois found that 60% of the users used it for blowing their nose.
Kimberly-Clark also introduced pop-up, colored, printed, pocket, and 3-ply facial tissues.

</doc>
<doc id="2894783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894783" title="Angelina (Bob Dylan song)">
Angelina (Bob Dylan song)

"Angelina" is a song written by Bob Dylan, originally recorded in 1981 for the album "Shot of Love". However, "Angelina" was cut from the record, and fans would have to wait until 1991 when it was released on "The Bootleg Series Volumes 1-3 (Rare & Unreleased) 1961-1991". Like Dylan's similarly named "Farewell Angelina", "Angelina" is full of imagery and biblical allusions (the 'four faces', for example, of the final stanza appear to allude to Ezek.10. 14 and 10.21). Considered by most critics to be one of the best songs written during his "born-again" period, "Angelina" is the classic Dylan work in which obscure yet meaningful poetry and a seemingly all-encompassing vision take on mankind's most pressing problems, all the while making for a pleasant listen.
The movie "Masked & Anonymous" features an instrumental version of the tune over the ending credits, though it's not credited nor included on the soundtrack, it's performed by "Bruce Kaphan".
Song structure.
Dylan's recording on "The Bootleg Series Volumes 3" is in Db major (performed on a piano tuned to A = 437 Hz) and has the following simple chord structure:
Intro: I
Verse: IV I V I / IV I V
Refrain: IV I V / IV I V
Coda: V
Each pair of verses is followed by a refrain on the words "Oh, Angelina", resulting in an AAB structure repeated 5 times. The song ends on a repeat of the refrain, and interestingly, not on the tonic (Db), but rather on the dominant (Ab).

</doc>
<doc id="2894790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894790" title="Kara Ben Nemsi">
Kara Ben Nemsi

Kara Ben Nemsi (in Arabic: كارة بن نمسي Karl The of Austrian, meant was "Karl the son of Germans") is a fictional character in the works of Karl May, best-selling 19th century German writer. Alter ego of the author, everything written from first person perspective, he travels throughout the Ottoman empire, alongside his friend and servant Hadschi Halef Omar.
His character being identical to that of Old Shatterhand, he owns two famous rifles, the "Bärentöter" (Bear Killer) and the "Henrystutzen" (Henry Carbine). Without ever leaving the saddle of his fabulous black horse Rih (it means “fast as the wind” in Arabic), Kara Ben Nemsi single-handedly fights off droves of thieves and crooks left and right. On night-long rides through bleak and barren lands, he never wavered in sharing his long-winded religious musings with unenlightened natives and readers alike.
Original German stories.
In the story "An der Tigerbrücke" (within "Am Stillen Ocean", 1894) the first-person narrator mentions, that he is identical to Kara Ben Nemsi and Old Shatterhand.
Within the book series "Karl May’s Gesammelte Werke" there is a sequel of "Am Jenseits": „In Mekka“ (1923) by Franz Kandolf.

</doc>
<doc id="2894791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894791" title="Blackburn College (Illinois)">
Blackburn College (Illinois)

Blackburn College is a four-year coeducational private liberal arts college located in Carlinville, Illinois, United States which is the county seat of Macoupin County, Illinois (a part of the Metro-East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area). It was established in 1837 and named for the Rev. Gideon Blackburn. Blackburn is one of only seven federally recognized work colleges in the United States, and it has the only student-managed work program, enabling students to gain leadership experience as they manage other students. All resident students are required to work, but the program is optional for commuter students. Each student that works receives a tuition discount for the hours they work in the work program. It is also the least expensive private college in Illinois.
Work program.
The work program was first instituted at Blackburn College in 1913 in order to provide access to higher education to individuals with the academic ability, but who were lacking the financial means. While cost reduction remains an important value of the work program today, there is an emphasis on the opportunities it provides for student learning. The work program is intended as a vehicle for personal growth including leadership opportunities and community involvement. Most students work a minimum of 160 hours each semester (10 hours a week) in partnership with faculty and staff to help provide virtually all services essential to college operations. By sharing, belonging, and contributing through their work, students gain an added sense of community and individual responsibility, while also establishing some lifelong friendships. This combination of academic preparation and practical work experience uniquely prepares students for meeting the challenges of life, career, and any post-graduate experience.
Athletics.
Blackburn's athletic teams compete in Division III of the NCAA's St. Louis Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. Blackburn, known athletically as the Beavers, was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1914 to 1923. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, golf and soccer; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
In January 2009, the college announced that it would stop fielding a football team after the 2008-2009 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="2894809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894809" title="Interim Housing">
Interim Housing

Interim housing (中轉房屋) is temporary housing in Hong Kong for those not eligible for a flat in a public housing estate, but affected by disaster, fire, and redevelopment. It replaced Temporary Housing Area with buildings that are more resilient and space saving. Some of them reuse old blocks in public housing estates; others use pre-fabricated building components.
Location.
All interim housing is in the New Territories:

</doc>
<doc id="2894817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894817" title="Elspe (place)">
Elspe (place)

Elspe is a small town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is known for its Karl May stage plays.

</doc>
<doc id="2894820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894820" title="Hill End, New South Wales">
Hill End, New South Wales

Hill End is a former gold mining town in New South Wales, Australia, in Bathurst Regional Council.
History.
Gold rush.
Hill End owes its existence to the New South Wales gold rush of the 1850s, and at its peak in the early 1870s it had a population estimated at 8,000 served by two newspapers, five banks, eight churches, and twenty-eight pubs. Its decline when the gold gave out was dramatic: by 1945 the population was 700. At the 2006 census, Hill End had a population of 166 people.
The photographer Beaufoy Merlin recorded daily life in the town at its peak; his photographs can be found in the town museum/visitor information centre. The glass plate negatives are held in the State Library of New South Wales.
Hill End artists colony.
In the late 1940s Hill End was discovered by artists Russell Drysdale—who painted possibly his best-known work, "The cricketers" here—and Donald Friend, and quickly became an artists' colony. Other artists who worked there included Jean Bellette. Today, the Hill End artist-in-residence program aims to ensure the continuity of this connection.
Hill End today.
Modern Hill End is classified as a Historical site by the National Parks and Wildlife Service (NPWS), however it is still home to a handful of residents operating the local pub, general store, cake store and antique store. The National Parks and Wildlife Service runs a museum just off the main road which contains many original photos and items of equipment from the busy days of the gold rush.
NPWS has installed signs around the town to give visitors an idea of what was once in place on the now empty lots of land. Currently only a handful of buildings remain in their original form. However most of those buildings still serve the purpose they did back during the gold rush. Access to the town's lookouts is via gravel roads. A walking track in the town leads to a mine and other ruins.
The most popular tourist activity in Hill End is gold panning, with some of the older members of the community running gold panning tours in the very same fossicking areas that yielded the gold which brought on the gold rush. Metal detectors or gold panning are not allowed within the historic site, however there is a fossicking area just past the cemetery, off the Mudgee Road. Fossicking equipment and tours can be hired from Hill End township.
Due to the extensive mining in the area, it is advisable to stay on marked walking tracks or roads as mine shafts and unstable ground may be found.
Visiting Hill End.
The Royal Hotel and the local Bed and Breakfasts offer accommodation, and there is a range of camping options within the town limits.
Commercial dune buggy drives are also available in Hill End through a 3,000 acre property including hill climbs and creek crossings.
Communications in Hill End are limited to the local payphone and some mobile phones.
Bridle Track.
Hill End remains as an excellent 4WD destination. The most exciting of these is the Bridle Track which runs from Duramana (North of Bathurst) directly to the town centre of Hill End. Generally the track can be classified as an easy track, however extreme care must be taken as the road surface has been known to change during the different seasons and after heavy rain during which it can become challenging for the unwary.
The Bridle Track begins as a narrow tar-covered road, however it later changes to dirt. Much of the last 20 km is single-lane, and will not allow any overtaking which makes things awkward to come across on-coming traffic. It is also strongly suggested not to attempt to travel along the track after nightfall or after heavy rain, as the track does skirt around some very large drops. Ideally a vehicle should be fitted with Low Range to complete this track.
The Bridle Track is currently closed due to a rock slide at Monaghans Bluff.

</doc>
<doc id="2894821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894821" title="Jeremias van Rensselaer">
Jeremias van Rensselaer

Jeremias van Rensselaer (Amsterdam, 16 May 1632 
– October 12, 1674) was the third son of Kiliaen van Rensselear and the fourth patroon of the Manor of Rensselaerswyck.
Life.
Jeremias was the second son of Kiliean's second wife, Anna van Wely. He grew up on Keizersgracht, and received a Calvinist education. In 1658, traveled to Rensselaerswyck to take the place of his brother, Jan Baptist van Rensselaer. He was the first of his family to establish himself permanently in America, the remaining sixteen years of his life being devoted to the government of the colony.
Pursuing the policies begun under the vice-directors, he became a man of great influence among the Indians, and "so attached them to him that they guarded his estates as carefully as they did their own." To the French in Canada he was known as one of the representative and ablest men of the Dutch and English colonies. He had the good judgment to adjust the acute differences with Peter Stuyvesant which had troubled the administrations of his brother and van Slichtenhorst, and during the brief residue of the Dutch authority in New Netherland was on excellent terms with the governor.
In 1661 eight chairs, a bed, a mirror and a cupboard were sent to him from the Dutch Republic.
In 1664 Jan Baptist, Elisabeth van Twiller, the widow of Johan, Leonora and Susanna decided to sell all their property in and around Rensselaerswijck to Jeremias. Rijckert went to the colony to assist him.
On the occasion of the "landtsdagh" or diet summoned by Stuyvesant early in 1664 to deliberate on the critical condition of the province—this being the first general representative assembly held within the present state of New York—he served as presiding officer of that body.
After the surrender to the English in September 1664, he took the oath to the new government, and the rights and immunities enjoyed by his family in its colony were recognized, though the precise future status of the property was not settled in his time. He desired to obtain a new patent in the name of his family, and, failing in this, was privately advised to move in the matter as an individual (being qualified to hold real estate by virtue of his British citizenship), and so obtained a regrant of Rensselarswyck in his personal name. This counsel he rejected indignantly, saying he was but a coheir, and would not defraud his brothers and sisters. He finally obtained from Governor Andros a patent "to the heirs of Kiliaen van Rensselaer," which, while in a sense only provisional, served all necessary purposes until the manor grant of 1685.
Jeremias was succeeded by the son of his late half-brother Johannes, Killian, the fifth Patroon of Rensselaerswijck.
Jeremias left a voluminous correspondence, together with a minute chronicle of events in America, under the title of the "New Netherland Mercury". His great industry and methodical habits have been remarked upon by many writers.
Family.
Jeremias married Maria van Cortland (July 20, 1645-January 29, 1689) on July 12, 1662 and had the following children with her.
Jeremias died in Rensselaerswyck on October 12, 1674.

</doc>
<doc id="2894822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894822" title="Eau Galle River">
Eau Galle River

The Eau Galle River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in western Wisconsin in the United States. It is about 35 mi (56 km) long. Via the Chippewa River, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
Eau Galle is derived from the French meaning "bitter water".
Course.
The Eau Galle River rises in southeastern St. Croix County and flows generally southeastwardly through northeastern Pierce, southwestern Dunn and northern Pepin Counties, past the communities of Spring Valley and Elmwood. It joins the Chippewa River in Pepin County, about 3 mi (5 km) southwest of Durand.
At Spring Valley, a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dam causes the Eau Galle to form Eau Galle Lake, also known as Lake George.

</doc>
<doc id="2894834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894834" title="David Della Rocco">
David Della Rocco

David Della Rocco (Born May 4, 1952) is an American comedian and actor best known for his supporting role in the 1999 film "The Boondock Saints". Della Rocco is a friend of "The Boondock Saints" writer and director Troy Duffy and his role was written specifically for him, playing a character also named David Della Rocco, bringing many of his real-life mannerisms and flair to the character, as well as the character's nickname, "The Funny Man". He played the part of a low-level mobster who helps his two friends, the MacManus brothers, in ridding Boston, MA of criminals and evil. David Della Rocco returns as "Rocco" in the sequel "" in a dream sequence guiding the MacManus brothers on their mission.
He is a native of Norwich, Connecticut, and studied acting with the late Susan Peretz in Los Angeles and is also a member of The Actor's Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="2894846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894846" title="Jimmy Roberts (singer)">
Jimmy Roberts (singer)

Jimmy Roberts (April 6, 1924–February 6, 1999) was an American tenor singer. He was a featured performer on the TV variety program The Lawrence Welk Show during its entire broadcast run from 1955 to 1982.
Born in Madisonville, Kentucky, he was serving in the United States Army after World War II when he was hit with the "show business" bug. He first sang in public during a military play while the sets were being changed and, upon his discharge from the Army, set out for Hollywood to learn his craft at the Herbert Wall Music School. In 1954 he was hired by Lawrence Welk as a soloist when Welk's orchestra performed on local television station KTLA and at the Aragon Ballroom in Santa Monica, California. A year later, when the Lawrence Welk orchestra made the move to national television on ABC, Roberts' natural singing talents made him nationally famous.
During his tenure on the show, his signature numbers such as "I Left My Heart in San Francisco" and "My Old Kentucky Home" made him an audience favorite, especially among the show's female fans. He also sang duets with the show's Champagne Lady Norma Zimmer.
Although he receded from the national spotlight by the late 1970s, Roberts continued to perform and tour until the early 1990s. From 1983 to 1987 he worked with a talent outfit entitled "Young American Stars of Tomorrow." His piano accompanist was well-known recording artist and educator Steve Whipkey (who was in his teens). Promoter/percussionist Jay Van Hall was the host of the program, and the outfit achieved modest financial and commercial success in the Tampa Bay area, where Roberts lived.
Roberts was the father of two sons, Gary and Steven, from his first marriage with Jane. He and his second wife, Vi, were married from 1985 until his death from bone cancer in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2894850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894850" title="Carrick Island (Massachusetts)">
Carrick Island (Massachusetts)

Carrick Island is a small island in the Quabbin Reservoir in Massachusetts, roughly by . It is part of the Town of Petersham, in Worcester County. The island lies just west of the much larger Mount Zion Island, the largest island in the reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="2894874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894874" title="Ochsner Baptist Medical Center">
Ochsner Baptist Medical Center

Ochsner Baptist Medical Center is a hospital in New Orleans, Louisiana. The complex of hospital buildings is located on Napoleon Avenue in Uptown New Orleans.
History.
Formerly known as Southern Baptist Hospital, it was founded in 1926 by the Southern Baptist Convention. In 1969, the religious organization separated itself from the hospital (and several others) and Southern Baptist Hospital became an independent non-profit entity. In the early 1980s the hospital spent over $100,000,000 (Project 2000) to add to and renovate the original building. In 1990 it merged with Mercy Hospital (now called Lindy Boggs Medical Center, located near the end of Bayou St. John on Jefferson Davis Parkway) and the two hospitals operated as Mercy-Baptist Medical Center, with the old Southern Baptist Hospital called the Uptown Campus and Mercy called the Mid-City campus. The combined hospitals were acquired by Tenet Healthcare, and the old Baptist Hospital was renamed Memorial Medical Center in 1996. (It was known colloquially as "Memorial Baptist.") After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Tenet sold several of its hospitals in New Orleans to Ochsner Health System, and in 2006 the name was changed to Ochsner Baptist Medical Center, bringing a portion of the original name back into use.
The hospital had been the official healthcare provider of the New Orleans Saints football team since 1967, when the Saints made Dr. Ken Saer the team's original orthopedic surgeon.
Hurricane Katrina.
The hospital and the area around it flooded in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, rendering the hospital an island with the bottom floor flooded, with no electricity or other utilities after the emergency generators failed because they were located in the hospital's flooded basement. The hospital was closed after the surviving patients and staff were able to be evacuated after several days. The hospital remained closed through 2005 and into 2006, and management discussed demolishing the main hospital buildings rather than refurbishing them.
Euthanasia controversy.
National attention was drawn to the hospital when CNN reported on October 12, 2005, that the Louisiana attorney general was investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans occurred while staff and patients were stranded in the hospital after Hurricane Katrina. On September 13, 2005 Tenet Healthcare Corporation stated: "No patients drowned nor did any die as a result of lack of food or drinking water." However, others have claimed that a female physician may have given lethal injections of morphine to patients. Dr Anna Pou and two nurses were arrested in July 2006. In July 2007, a Louisiana grand jury declined to indict Pou. Since then, the charges have been expunged, and the state of Louisiana has agreed to pay Pou's legal fees.
In August 2009, a review was re-initiated after a "New York Times" article quoted Dr. Ewing Cook saying that Memorial patients were given morphine and other drugs after the hurricane struck to accelerate their deaths. In March 2010, New Orleans coroner Frank Minyard concluded that the death of one of the patients, Jannie Burgess, was not a homicide, and thus essentially cleared the doctors of wrongdoing.
Post-Katrina.
On 29 June 2006, Tenet announced that Memorial and three other hospitals in Greater New Orleans were among eleven they planned to sell by mid-2007.
On 19 July 2006, Ochsner Health System announced they are acquiring Memorial Medical Center along with two other Tenet Hospitals in the Greater New Orleans area, Meadowcrest Hospital in Gretna, Louisiana and Kenner Regional Medical Center in Kenner, Louisiana. The sale is expected to be finalized by the end of August.
In late January 2009, Ochsner Baptist opened a new 12-bed Emergency Department, featuring two trauma rooms, nine examination rooms, and one triage room. This is very beneficial to the city, as Emergency beds are desperately needed. This renovation also included the addition of 43 private rooms and an expansion of the hospital's Intensive Care Unit from three to 12 beds.
Ochsner Baptist opened the new $40 million Women's Pavilion on December 1, 2013. It includes the women's services departments of OB/GYN clinic, Labor and Delivery, and Maternal Fetal Medicine, as well as the Level III Neonatal Intensive Care Unit previously located Ochsner Medical Center on Jefferson Highway. In the early morning hours of December 1, eight mothers, 31 NICU babies, and three newborns were transported via ambulance from Ochsner Main on Jefferson Highway. Just hours after opening, the hospital welcomed the first baby born since Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Scott Stafford Crayne, born to first-time parents Courtney and Randy Crayne, weighed in at 7 pounds 5 ounces and was 20.5 inches long. 

</doc>
<doc id="2894881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894881" title="Edward Forchion">
Edward Forchion

Robert Edward Forchion (born July 23, 1964), is an American cannabis activist and a perennial candidate for various New Jersey elected offices. He is a resident of the Browns Mills section of Pemberton Township, New Jersey and California.
Forchion identifies himself as the founding member of the Legalize Marijuana Party and has campaigned primarily on the single issue of cannabis legalization. Forchion has performed various stunts to bring attention to cannabis legalization, including smoking cannabis in front of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, as well as attempting to legally change his name to NJWeedman.com. Forchion has appeared before U.S. courts multiple times - both as a defendant facing marijuana possession charges, and a plaintiff in civil rights actions pertaining to marijuana advocacy and consumption.
Bone Cancer.
Forchion was diagnosed with a rare type of bone cancer in 2001 at Riverfront State Prison, while serving time on a 2000 marijuana conviction. He continues to suffer from painful giant cell tumors as well as benign cancerous lesions. He successfully applied for and became a registered medical marijuana patient in the State of California in 2006 for chronic pain. As well the retardation of tumor growths, marijuana has been shown to shrink and slow the growth of tumors. His medical condition was central to his 2012 trial, and subsequent acquittal.
Life before politics and activism.
In his online autobiography, Forchion reflects upon his first encounter with marijuana. He was only fourteen. He muses, "I was instantly impressed with its medicinal healing powers, in regards to my ." He also states in an interview with "The Trentonian": "I was 15 when I first got busted for smoking weed by my parents. To this day, my mother is against it, and just wishes I would shut up about it."
In 1982, upon graduation from Edgewood Regional High School in Atco, New Jersey, he enlisted in the New Jersey National Guard and enrolled at Claflin College, Orangeburg, South Carolina. " In 1985, he received an honorable discharge from the New Jersey National Guard. Upon National Guard discharge, Forchion enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. While serving in USMC, Forchion was unable to use marijuana. He ended up leaving the Marine corps via medical discharge after suffering a severe asthma attack, " After being discharged from the Marine Corps, he changed his name to Edward Robert Forchion, and fraudulently enlisted in the United States Army. Despite the warnings from the government, Forchion continued to use cannabis medicinally, as well as socially, throughout his enlistment in the Army. " On April 18, 1988, he married his first wife Pam at Fort Bliss, Texas. Not long after, on June 21, 1990, he received an honorable discharge from the Army. Leaving the military life behind, Forchion took several jobs as a long distance truck driver. The life of a trucker seemed to agree with Forchion, who, in 1993, bought and started his own coast to coast trucking company, aptly named, "Forchion Trucking, inc."
According to his website ( www.njweedman.com ), Forchion became a practicing Rastafarianin 1994.
Forchion proudly admits he was a "marijuana smuggler"", driving hundreds of pounds of cannabis from the US/Mexico border, primarily border towns in Texas and Arizona. He would then transport these goods to the east coast cities such as Cleveland, Ohio, Philadelphia, New York City and Camden, New Jersey. In 1994, he was first dubbed "The New Jersey Weedman," because his Mexican suppliers in Arizona noted that while other drugs were available for transport, he was only interested in trafficking marijuana.
Legal matters.
Edward Forchion has several convictions, as well as a high profile acquittal (2012), for marijuana possession. Forchion also has a Federal "Habeas Corpus" free speech case (FORCHION vs ISP )that was unique. Forchion puts himself at risk for arrest for laws criminalizing the consumption, possession, and transport of the drug, as he interprets U.S. Constitutional protections on religious freedom allows him to circumvent these laws. As outlined in the following sections, Forchion has challenged, and U.S. courts have so far rejected, his interpretation of the law: While a jury in 2012 did acquit him despite his being in violation of the law.
2000 marijuana conviction.
On November 24, 1997, Forchion was arrested on marijuana trafficking charges by the Camden County Drug Task Force and locally-based DEA agents, after being found in possession of over 25 pounds (11.3 kilograms) of the drug ( 39 lbs.,). As trial commenced, a plea deal was offered: Forchion would plead guilty in exchange for a flat 10-year prison sentence. On September 20, 2000, he was convicted of "conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute marijuana" by Judge Ronald Thompson and started his sentence.
Habeas corpus case (Freedom of Speech).
Forchion was released after 17 months on April 3, 2002 into New Jersey's Intensive Supervision Parole (ISP). He was ordered, forbidden from "promoting the use of marijuana" as a parole condition. Parole officers considered Forchion's speaking to the press, in specific, "The Trentonian" and "various Philadelphia newspapers", as a violation of this condition. While he considered it an exercise in "Freedom of Speech". Furthermore, parole officers were informed that "had been handing out fliers and protesting in front of the Burlington County Courthouse regarding the legalization of marijuana". Forchion was re-imprisoned because of this on June 6, 2002, only to be released four days later. But he continued to violate the conditions of his parole, Forchion contracted with Comcast Communications to air a series of marijuana-advocacy commercials, and continued updating his website, [http://www.njweedman.com www.njweedman.com, which he was ordered to refrain from doing. Forchion considered these orders unconstitutional and refused to comply. Finally, on August 19, 2002, he was imprisoned in lieu of an ISP violation hearing scheduled for January 17, 2003.
Upon being arrested by his I.S.P. officers Forchion went on a hunger strike for 11 days (August 29, 2002 - Sept 9th 2002)that received widespread media attention. News radio, TV shows accepted his collect calls from the Burlington County Jail and the case became a "cause celeb case". Clearly the public understood the significance of his free speech claims. He ended his hunger strike when Federal Judge Irenas accepted his "writ of Habeas Corpus".
Seeing that the parole violation imprisonment was a restriction of his Constitutionally-protected First Amendment right to free speech, Forchion attempted to obtain relief in Federal court. He filed both a habeas corpus petition and 42 U.S.C. § 1983 First Amendment civil rights violation petition. The U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey then consolidated the actions; the Court then issued an order "to show cause" why a preliminary injunction should not be issued reinstating the Plaintiff to the ISP program and oral argument was held on January 21, 2003. District Judge Joseph E. Irenas's determined that Forchion was precluded from appealing the ISP Resentencing Panel and raising his constitutional challenges and thus the FELDMAN-ROOKER DOCTRINE didn't apply. The Federal injunction was granted, "Forchion v. Intensive Supervision Parole, et.al.", 240 F.Supp.2d 302 (2003), freeing Forchion from prison and ordering ISP officials to give him forty-eight (48) hours notice of further intentions to violate his parole.
2005 Federal marijuana conviction.
Once released from the state of new jerseys custody (i.s.p. - Dec 2003)to celebrate his freedom Forchion held a "smokeout" at the Liberty Bell on Dec 6th, 2003. He announced that he will be holding monthly Rastafarian religious services at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, where he consumed marijuana at around 4:20PM the 3rd Saturday of each month. His stated purpose was he wanted to be arrested to challenge the Constitutionality of the marijuana laws in regards to religious freedom. At the Liberty Bell he wished to invoke the Religious Freedom and Restoration Act. As a national monument under the Federal U.S. Park Service jurisdiction, this eventually resulted in a Federal case against Forchion that culminated in "United States v. Forchion", when park rangers issued citations on multiple dates (December 20, 2003, March 20 and April 17, 2004) for possession of a controlled substance. He would use this case as an opportunity to argue that Constitutionally-protected freedom of religion allows Rastafarian's to consume marijuana as a sacrament the purpose of his disobedience.
The case ended up in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, where a bench trial before a Magistrate Rapport found Forchion guilty. On July 22, 2005, an appeal before District Judge Stewart Dalzell affirmed the convictions but sent the case back to Judge Rapport for reconsideration of sentence. Judge Rapport instead dismissed case, Forchion appealed this dismissal. The higher appeal to the U.S. 3rd Circuit was dismissed for lack of jurisdiction because appeal was not timely filed. Which Forchion disputed but eventually dropped his arguments feeling overwhelmed fighting Pro Se.
DNA sample litigation.
Forchion simultaneously fought the state of New Jersey's newly enacted DNA law, for several months his case put on hold the state's new DNA law. Upon receiving notice via the mail to surrender his DNA per N. J . S. A . 53:1 ­20 . 17. Forchion wrote a responsive letter addressed to both New Jersey Governor McGreevy and New Jersey Attorney General Peter C. Harvey. Telling each he refused to surrender his DNA but they could kiss his ass and swab their own lips to retrieve sample if so desired. For this he was immediately indicted and arrested for criminal contempt by state officials but Forchion filed a Federal "Habeas Corpus" complaint again. This time alleging this new state DNA law was a federal violation, an ex-post facto law. Federal Judge Irenas once again granted Forchion an injunction. The state of New Jersey Appeals Court heard Forchion's case in light of Federal ruling. Eventually Forchion won his State DNA case and was not obligated to surrender his DNA. Federal complaint was then administratively dismissed.
Name change petition.
The Camden County Prosecutor's Office and the State of New Jersey successfully fought his petition to legally change his name to that of his website: NJWeedman.com. Claiming his name would be an endorsement of criminal activity and led to other such name changes such as herionman, cocainemen etc., etc...
Name change petition #2.
In April 2010 Forchion once again attempted to change his name legally to NJWEEDMAN.COM, this time in the State of California, at the trial the court ruled his ".com" name would be confusing and denied it. Forchion appealed to the California Appeals Court which upheld the denial. ...
Move to California.
In 2006 Forchion moved to California but returned to New Jersey a few months later. In 2008 Forchion once again fled to California saying he was seeking "asylum", leaving the Garden State for the pot-friendly environs of Los Angeles. Forchion claimed he was living in political exile, having fled the official persecution of NJ State authorities for his political views on marijuana legalization."
In 2009 he opened a Rastafarian Temple on Hollywood Blvd., named the Liberty Bell Temple II, after the series of protests he held at the Liberty bell in Philadelphia. At the Liberty Bell Temple he provided marijuana to hundreds of sick people every week, doing what he preached about in New Jersey. Being in Hollywood he quickly became a "hollywood personia", providing marijuana to patients and celebrities alike. NJweedman opened a party promotions company called NJWEEDMANPROMOTIONS. He stopped calling himself a "marijuana activist" and instead insisting he was now a "marijuana capitalist". He started hosting huge marijuana mansion parties in the Hollywood Hills where he openly provided marijuana to all the guests. The Television Show TMZ covered him three times in 2010.
In February 2011, Forchion made the cover of SPLIFF Magazine. The article, written by Alisia Bolivar (Vol. 3, Issue 1; page 42), discusses Forchion's most recent court case( April 1, 2010), jury nullification, a brief history of jury nullification, and Forchion's Rastafarian ministry in Los Angeles, California.
In 2010 Forchion became an author, of his own biography titled Public Enemy #420 "NJweedman Super-heroes of the Potheads" ISBN/1450530311 first published on Jan 18th, 2010 ironically the same day New Jersey legalized Marijuana for medical purposes (New Jersey Medical Marijuana Compassionate Use Act C.24:6I-2) making Forchion feel vindicated for his decade of activism in New Jersey.
On April 1, 2010 disaster struck; on a visit home to visit family New Jersey Forchion was arrested with a pound of marijuana in the trunk of his rental car in Mt Holly, Burlington County. Starting another criminal case that consumed his life for almost 3 years ending in a "Not Guilty" verdict 10/18/2012. During the pre-trial proceedings Forchion admitted to bringing his pound of medical marijuana from his California - Liberty Bell Temple dispensary. While medical marijuana was legal in California and illegal under federal Laws the Federal policy at the time was to leave legal state operations alone. Burlington County New Jersey Prosecutor officials complained to Federal officials in the Justice Department Office, Los Angeles of Forchions transporting marijuana across state lines to New Jersey. On Dec 13th, 2011 the U.S. DEA Raided Forchions holdings (Liberty Bell Temple Hollywood, and his grow operations on Gage ave. in South Los Angeles), financially ruining him. Forchion called this continued persecution of himself for his political views on marijuana by New Jersey Officials.
Political ambitions.
In 1998 as a way of supporting his planned Jury Nullification defense to the charges he was facing he announced the formation of the Legalize Marijuana Party and his intention to run for a seat on the Camden County Freeholders board and the first district Congressional seat. He now claims this was a successful tactic and has since continued to run for offices almost yearly as a protest to the cannabis laws. Forchion now has a history of running for various state and federal offices as an independent candidate. Forchion has never been successful in any of his attempts for public office, which he acknowledges isn't even his goal.
1998 US Congress, 1st district New Jersey.
Forchion ran for Camden County Freeholder and U.S. Congress in the 1st congressional district while under indictment for 1997 arrest, he used his campaign to promote the Legalization of Marijuana with the clear intention of influences his potential jurors thru media coverage of his campaign.
2000 US Congress, 3rd district New Jersey.
Forchion ran for Congress in the 3rd congressional district. He lost his home in Chesilhurst NJ which was in the 1st district as a result of his 1997 arrest. He moved to Browns Mills and ran again and once again he used his campaign to promote the Legalization of Marijuana with the clear intention of influencing his potential jurors thru the media. The trial was Sept 18-21, 2000 which ended in a Plea Deal, but official his conviction didn't become formal until Dec 1st, 2000 so despite the anger of the authorities he remained on the ballot on election day Nov 2, 2000.
2005 Governor of New Jersey race.
Forchion ran for Governor of New Jersey in 2005 under the slogan of “Legalize Marijuana (G.R.I.P.)- Get Rid of Incumbent Politicians”. As with his prior campaigns, Forchion ran largely on cannabis legalization. In his official statement mailed with the sample ballots to registered New Jersey voters, Forchion accuses the "Christian Government and law enforcement officers who rely on this ungodly racist WAR ON DRUGS for their livelihoods" as interfering with his rights to freedom of religion and speech. In particular, he notes that his religion of Rastafari and his "belief that our herb/sacrament is good" is oppressed. His statement ended with the slogans "TAKE A TOKE, THEN VOTE" and "ENEMY OF THE STATE" written in capital letters.
The Governor election was held on November 8, 2005. Of the ten candidates appearing on the ballot for Governor, Forchion came in sixth place with 8,271 votes, according to unofficial election results provided by the State of New Jersey. The election was won by Democrat Jon Corzine.
2006 United States Senate election, New Jersey.
Forchion ran for US Senator from New Jersey in 2006. He was placed on the ballot with the same “Legalize Marijuana (G.R.I.P.)" slogan. Forchion came in fourth place with 11,593 votes, or approximately 0.5% of the vote according to the official vote tallies. Forchion finished behind Democratic incumbent Bob Menendez, Republican candidate Thomas Kean, Jr., and Libertarian Len Flynn, but ahead of five other candidates.
2008 Congressional Campaign, New Jersey.
Forchion announced that he would run for the 3rd Congressional seat in New Jersey being vacated by Jim Saxton. He will be running under the "Legalize Marijuana (G.R.I.P.)" Party, from California. He was the only independent running against Republican Chris Myers and Democrat John Adler. The Burlington County Democratic Party challenged Forchion's petition and he was removed from the ballot due to insignificant number of valid signatures.
2011 State Assembly Campaign, New Jersey.
Forchion announced from California he would run for the state assembly seat in New Jersey. He will be running under the "Legalize Marijuana Party, from California. Forchion received 1,476 votes but generated a lot of press because of his being admitted to the ballot because he resided in California, while New Jersey great Carl Lewis was kicked off the ballot for the same reason.
2012 US Congress, 3rd district New Jersey.
Forchion once again ran for Congress in the 3rd congressional district while under indictment for 4/1/2010 arrest, and basically living in California.He came in 3rd amongst 7 candidates. Losing to incumbent (r)Jon Runyon.
Other elections.
Forchion ran in 2005 for a Congressional seat from New Jersey, garnering 4,914 votes, approximately 1.6% of the vote. He lost to incumbent Jim Saxton, Republican. In both 1998 and 2000, Forchion ran and lost against incumbent Congressman Rob Andrews, Democrat, receiving 1257 votes and 1959 votes, respectively. In his 1998 campaign, Forchion had not yet taken the moniker of NJWeedman, and instead ran as an independent simply as "Rob."
Besides the above campaigns for Congress, Forchion also ran for New Jersey General Assembly. In 1999, Forchion received 947 votes and lost to incumbents Francis L. Bodine and Larry Chatzidakis, both Republicans.
Incarceration history.
Forchion was incarcerated in Camden, New Jersey for various drug related charges. The dates of his incarceration were between December 1, 2000 and April 3, 2002. Forchion’s offenses included the following:
According to his official statement mailed with the sample ballots during his 2005 candidacy for New Jersey Governor, Forchion notes that “I’ve been jailed without the right to a fair trial (2000), imprisoned for simply saying LEGALIZE IT”. Forchion describes himself as a former political prisoner for his views.
Forchion was jailed from August 19. 2002 - Jan 24, 2003 by the State of New Jersey for attempting to air political ads calling for the end of the war on drugs.
Forchion was jailed from Jan 30, 2013 - March 14, 2013 (46days) for a probation violation that he disputes as simply payback for beating the state on Oct 18th, 2012 "sore loserism".

</doc>
<doc id="2894888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894888" title="Ace Backwords">
Ace Backwords

Ace Backwords (born September 12, 1956) is a former underground cartoonist based in the United States.
Information.
Backwords published a punk rock tabloid from 1982 to 1984 featuring interviews with Johnny Rotten, Jello Biafra, Henry Rollins, Charles Bukowski, R. Crumb, and Charles Schulz. A collection of his comics, "Twisted Image", was published by Loompanics in 1991. In 2001, Loompanics published a non-fiction book by Backwords, a sort of how-to guide for street bums titled "Surviving on the Streets: How To Go Down Without Going Out."
Presently, Backwords is working on his next book, "Acid Heroes", about 1960s icons John Lennon, Ram Dass, Alan Watts, Hunter S. Thompson, R. Crumb, and Jerry Garcia.
Ace Backwords has written for the "San Francisco Herald".

</doc>
<doc id="2894891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894891" title="William Kethe">
William Kethe

William Kethe (also Keithe) (died 6 June 1594) was a Bible translator, especially of the Psalms.
Kethe is thought to have been Scots-born, although this has never been confirmed. His name was first recorded as being among the Marian exiles in Frankfurt in 1555 and Geneva in 1557, suggesting he left with those who took John Knox's side in the troubles at Frankfurt. 
Kethe helped translate the Geneva Bible in 1560 and contributed twenty-five psalms to the 1561 Anglo-Genevan Psalter. Only ten of these were retained in the 1562 English Psalter, while the 1564 Scottish Psalter retained all 25. Most of his Psalms were translations from French sources. His version of Psalm 100, The Old Hundredth, is universally known by its first line ("All People That on Earth Do Dwell"). 
During the reign of Elizabeth I, Kethe served as Rector to the parish of Child Okeford in Dorset, (1561–1593). After retiring he remained in the village but he died within a year. Whilst serving as vicar, he had also had two spells as a military chaplain under Ambrose Dudley, 3rd Earl of Warwick at Le Havre in 1563 and 1569.

</doc>
<doc id="2894897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894897" title="Internet traffic engineering">
Internet traffic engineering

Internet Traffic Engineering is defined as that aspect of internet network engineering dealing with the issue of performance evaluation and performance optimization of operational IP networks. Traffic engineering encompasses the application of technology and scientific principles to the measurement, characterization, modeling, and control of Internet traffic AWD2.
Enhancing the performance of an operational network, at both traffic and resource levels, are major objectives of internet engineering. This is accomplished by addressing traffic performance requirements, while utilizing network economically and reliably. Traffic oriented performance includes packet transfer delay, packet delay variation, packet loss, and throughput.
An important objective of internet traffic engineering is to facilitate reliable network operations [RFC-2702]. This can be done by providing mechanisms that network integrity and by embracing policies emphasizing survivability. This results in a minimization of the network to service outages arising from errors, faults and failures occurring within the infrastructure.
The internet exists in order to transfer information from nodes to destination nodes. Accordingly, one of the most crucial functions performed by the internet is the routing of traffic ingress nodes to egress nodes. 
Ultimately, it is the performance of the network as seen by network services that is truly paramount. This crucial function should be considered throughout the development of engineering mechanisms and policies. The characteristics visible to end users are the emergent properties of the network, which are characteristics of the network when viewed as a whole. A goal of the service provider, therefore, is to enhance the properties of the network while taking economic considerations into account.
The importance of the above observation regarding the properties of networks is that special care must be taken when choosing network performance metrics to optimize. Optimizing the wrong metrics may achieve certain local objectives, but may have repercussions elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="2894901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894901" title="David P. Watts">
David P. Watts

David Watts is a professor of anthropology at Yale University. 
As a physical anthropologist he has studied chimpanzees. He directed the Karisoke Research Center in Rwanda founded by Dian Fossey for two years, and is doing research on chimpanzees in a long term study at Ngogo National Park in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="2894913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894913" title="Ian Macfarlan">
Ian Macfarlan

Ian Macfarlan (born John Robert Macfarlan; 21 November 1881 – 19 March 1964) was the Deputy Leader of the Australian Liberal Party in the Australian state of Victoria during 1945. He was briefly commissioned as the 35th Premier of Victoria by the Governor and formed a government which brought about the end of the Dunstan Ministry.
At the end of September 1945, the government of Albert Dunstan was defeated in the Legislative Assembly, when it voted to refuse Supply to his government. Five Liberals, two Country Party members and one Independent voted with the Labor Opposition, on the grounds of dissatisfaction with the government's legislative program and opposition to Dunstan's leadership. 
Instead of resigning, however, Dunstan persuaded the Governor, Sir Winston Dugan, to grant him a dissolution of Parliament, conditional on the budget being passed. These terms drew fire from the Opposition who claimed that the Governor in his letter to the Premier had left himself open to the charge of instructing the Assembly to grant Supply to a ministry which had already been refused it and to no other.
When it became clear that the Assembly would not grant Supply to the Dunstan Ministry, the Governor commissioned as Premier Ian Macfarlan, the Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party, who had been Attorney-General in Dunstan's Ministry, on the production of written assurances of support from the Labor Opposition and from members of the Liberal Party, the Country Party and the Independents whose revolt had led to Dunstan's defeat. Macfarlan formed a government, both Houses passed Votes of Supply, and the dissolution took immediate effect. 
At the subsequent state election in November, the Labor Party obtained a majority (with the support of two Independents) and formed a government. The state of parties was Labor 32, United Country Party 18, Liberals 13, Independents 2. Macfarlan was one of the defeated candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="2894914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894914" title="Paul Edinger">
Paul Edinger

Paul Edinger (born January 17, 1978 in Frankfort, Michigan) is a gridiron football placekicker, who is currently a Free Agent of the Arena Football League. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan State.
Edinger has also played for the Chicago Bears, Minnesota Vikings, Chicago Rush and Jacksonville Sharks.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears.
Edinger was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round (174th overall) in the 2000 NFL Draft. He played five seasons with the team and set a personal best with an 83.9 field goal percentage in 2001.He kicked 62.5% in his last year with Chicago and was released. In five seasons with the Bears, Paul Edinger made 110 out of 146 (76.9%)field goals and made all of his 133 extra point attempts.
Minnesota Vikings.
Edinger signed with the Minnesota Vikings as a free agent in 2005. His 56-yard game-winning field goal against the Green Bay Packers on October 23, 2005 is the longest ever in Vikings history, tied with Blair Walsh's 56-yard attempt against the Houston Texans in Week 16 of the 2012 season. The kick was also his personal long. He was not re-signed following the season. In his only season as a Minnesota Viking, Edinger made 25 of 34 (73.5%) field goals and all of his 31 extra point attempts.
Edinger is in a three-way tie for most accurate extra point kicker in NFL history, a perfect 100%.
Chicago Rush.
After being out of football since 2005, Edinger signed a three-year contract with the Chicago Rush of the Arena Football League. However, he was released a week later. He was re-signed on June 3, 2008 after the release of Rush kicker Dan Frantz. His next game, he pulled his groin before the game and spent the rest of the season on IR. He played one game for the Rush
Jacksonville Sharks.
Edinger signed with the Jacksonville Sharks on January 2, 2010.
Pittsburgh Power.
Edinger signed with the Pittsburgh Power on November 1, 2010.
Kicking style.
Edinger is known for his unusual "corkscrew" kicking motion: before the snap he faces backwards in the direction of the opposite side of the field. As the ball is snapped he turns as he steps in a circular pattern toward the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="2894916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894916" title="Mountain Railways of India">
Mountain Railways of India

Mountain railways of India are the six or seven odd ""chhotey"" (Hindi for small) lines, out of around 20 similar such narrow or metre gauge remaining in operation around the world. Built during the nineteenth and early twentieth century of British colonial rule (the Raj), these lines have been running since then. Today the Indian Railways runs them, along with the Kashmir Railway, operational since 2005. While four of these seven: the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (1881), the Kalka–Shimla Railway (1898), the Kangra Valley Railway (1924), and the Kashmir Railway (2005), are in the rugged hill regions of the Himalayas of Northern India, two are further down south in the Western Ghats: the Nilgiri Mountain Railway in Tamil Nadu, and the Matheran Hill Railway in Maharashtra; while the Lumding–Silchar line, built at the turn of the 20th century, lies deep inside Assam, in the Barak river valley of the Cachar Hills. The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, the Nilgiri Mountain Railway and the Kalka–Shimla Railway have collectively been designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
These lines connect important hill resorts with the foot hills, winding their way up through rugged yet scenic mountainous landscape. Given the terrain they were constructed on during the British colonial period, they were considered "outstanding examples of the interchange of values on developments in technology" and engineering marvels.
History.
The mountain railways in the hills emerged as a result of the delayed interest evinced during the British Raj for establishing control over the Himalayas and other mountain ranges of India. It was in 1844 that Sir John Lawrence, the then Viceroy of India, had mooted the idea of a phased colonization of the hills, particularly as military garrisons. The British, in a proposal termed simply as ‘Hill Railway’, considered establishing geographically and culturally rich, stations across the country. The hill stations chosen for this purpose were Shimla, the then 'summer capital' of British India; Darjeeling, known for its tea gardens and scenic views of the eastern Himalayas in the state of West Bengal, the Kangra Valley in Himachal Pradesh, Ootacamund in the Nilgiri mountains of Tamil Nadu and the Matheran hill station in the Western Ghats near Mumbai were considered.
The pioneering effort to link the mountainous terrain of enchanting beauty with a hill passenger railway commenced in 1878 with the building of the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway line, when Franklin Prestage of the then Eastern Bengal Railway initiated plans for the building of a hill tramway along the alignment of the Hill Cart Road from Siliguri to Darjeeling. Construction subsequently began, and in 1881 the line was commissioned up to Darjeeling.
The next project launched was of the Nilgiri Mountain Railway in Tamil Nadu, initially proposed in 1854. Work started in 1894, but the railway was not completed until 1908, as the terrain was very difficult, given the big difference in altitude ranging between and over a distance of . The building of the Kalka–Shimla railway link commenced in 1898 to open up the remote hill regions to the rest of the country and was inaugurated by the then Viceroy, Lord Curzon, in November 1903. The Matheran–Neral 'toy train' was commissioned in 1907; Matheran is a hill station away from Mumbai. The Kangra line was built in 1929 in the picturesque Kangra valley.
The UNESCO's 'World Heritage site' recognition to three of the mountain railways of India has been for "outstanding examples of bold, ingenious engineering solutions for the problem of establishing an effective rail link through a rugged, mountainous terrain." The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway got it first in 1999, the Nilgiri Mountain Railway followed suit in 2005, and the Kalka–Shimla Railway, in 2008; the three together have been titled as 'Mountain Railways of India' under Criteria : ii, iv under the region in the Asia-Pacific. The claims of the Matheran Railway, the fourth hill line, is pending acceptance by the international body.
The mountain railway systems in India include:
Darjeeling Himalayan Railway.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway (DHR), given the epithet, the "Toy Train", is a 610 mm (2 ft) narrow–gauge railway that runs for from Siliguri to Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal, operated by the Indian Railways. Highly regarded in India to this day, the railway line was built by the British Government. Darjeeling was a major summer hill station and the centre of a flourishing tea-growing district. The elevation level along this line starting with about at Siliguri rose to about at Darjeeling but attained highest elevation at Ghoom station of .
The Siliguri town was connected with Calcutta (now called Kolkata) in 1878 while an alternative journey to Darjeeling used to be performed by tongas (horse-driven carts) along a dust track. On the recommendations of a Committee appointed by Sir Ashley Eden, the then Lt. Governor of the Government of West Bengal, and the request of Franklyn Prestage, the Agent of the Eastern Bengal Railway Company, work on the railway commenced in 1879 and was completed by July 1881. The railway line underwent several improvements over the years to ease the gradient of the line for convenience of manoeuvrability. By 1909–1910, Darjeeling Himalayan Railway was carrying 174,000 passengers and 47,000 tonnnes of goods annually.
Important features incorporated in the line consisted of four loops (spirals) and four ‘Z’ reverses (zigzags). The introduction of the first bogie carriages service replaced the very basic four wheel carriages and extensive improvements were made to the track and stations after the earthquake of 1897 and underwent further modernization under the Northeast Frontier Railway Zone of Indian Railway. It is still powered by a steam engine, although a modern diesel engine is used for the Darjeeling Mail train.
In 1999, this mountain line in India was the first to be recognized by the UNESCO and inscribed on the World Heritage List. An assurance recorded was that apart that from creating a buffer zone under the declared heritage site, the steam trains would be retained within the site.
Another feature along this line is the pithy signages located at key vantage points along the route which proclaim to the passengers travelling by the train, and creates excitement to explore the locations, such as the ‘Agony Point’, the 'Sensation Corner' and so forth. The loop points or spirals constructed on precipitous hills are also view points, which provide spectacular views of the valley down below.
Nilgiri Mountain Railway.
The Nilgiri Mountain Railway is a single track, long metre gauge single line. Coonoor was initially the final hill station on the line in June 1899 but this was extended up to Fernhill in September 1908 and up to Udagmandalam by October 15, 1908. It now connects the town of Mettupalayam with the hill station of Udagamandalam (Ootacamund), in the Nilgiri hills, popularly known as the 'Blue Mountains' of Southern India. Both towns are in the state of Tamil Nadu. The only rack railway in India, it uses the alternate biting system (Abt) commonly termed as 'rack and pinion' rail system and is operated with special steam locomotives. This system is described in Sir Gulford L. Molesworth’s report of 1886, which says:
Two distinct functions – 1st that of traction by adhesion as in an ordinary loco; 2nd that of traction by pinions acting on the track bars. The brakes are four in number – two handbrakes, acting by friction; and two acting by preventing the free escape of air from cylinder and thus using compressed air in retarding the progress of the engine. The former are used for shunting whilst the later for descending steep gradients. One of the handbrakes acts on the tyres of the wheels in the ordinary manner and the second acts on grooved surfaces of the pinion axle, but can be used in those places where the rack is laid.
The trains that run on this line cover a distance of , travel through 208 curves, 16 tunnels, and 250 bridges. The uphill journey takes around 290 minutes (4.8 hours), and the downhill journey takes 215 minutes (3.6 hours).
The Nilgiri Mountain Railway was inscribed as World Heritage Site by UNESCO in July 2005. The unique feature of this line, which is still fully operational, is its oldest and the steepest ‘rack and pinion technology’. As it now operates, the line has a metre gauge section for up to the foothill station of Kallar from where the rack rail system begins and runs hugging the hills, passing through tunnels, 12 in number with the longest tunnel measuring , for up the hills at a gradient of 1:12.5 up to Coonoor.Steam locomotives are used in this section. Beyond Coonoor, up to the last station at Ooty or Oottacamund, the track has a ruling gradient of 1:23.
Kalka–Shimla Railway.
Shimla, the modern capital city of Himachal Pradesh, is located at , in the foothills of the Himalayas. It was the summer capital of British India in 1864 and it was also the headquarters of the British Army in India. Kalka is a town in the Panchkula district of Haryana.
Prior to construction of the railway communication, connection with the outside world was via a village cartway. The railway line was constructed by the Delhi–Ambala–Kalka Railway Company commencing in 1898 in the Siwalik Hills ranges. However, several plans with alternative routes were surveyed between 1884 and 1898, and the contract to build this line was finally awarded to Delhi–Ambala–Kalka Railway Company. The long, narrow gauge line was opened for traffic on November 9, 1903.
The line has 103 tunnels and 864 bridges (multi-arched gallery type, like the Roman aqueducts), except for one bridge of length with plate girder span and steel truss. The ruling gradient is 1:33 or 3%, with 919 curves, the sharpest being 48 degrees (a radius of and climbs from and terminates at an elevation of at Shimla. The Barog Tunnel (No. 33) is the longest tunnel on the line at in length between Dagshai and Solan ( below the road) and is named after the engineer who had commenced digging the tunnel from both sides of the mountain but could not complete it and hence committed suicide (he was buried near the site of the tunnel). His Indian counterpart, known by the name Bhalku, who helped H. S. Harrington to build another tunnel about away from the abandoned tunnel, was honoured with a medal and turban as an appreciation for his contribution to building tunnels, by the then Viceroy of India.
The route from Kalka to Shimla involves journey through the Koti tunnel long, the Dharampur main station, from Kalka, three loops at Taksal, Gumman and Dharampur to attain flatter gradients, Taradevi, Prospect Hill to Jatogh, Inverarm to the terminus at old Dovedell chambers at Shimla. Other important stations on this route, distance wise from Kalka include Dagshai – , at an elevation of – and Solan. Special luxury trains called the Shivalik Express and Shivalik Palace Saloon operate during the summer months to cater for heavy traffic from tourism, apart from several passenger and cargo (potato, in particular) trains, in addition to catering to the requirements of the armed services.
This line was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in 2008, joining the Nilgiri and Darjeeling lines.
Matheran Hill Railway.
Matheran Hill Railway, a heritage railway in Maharashtra, was built between 1901 and 1907 by Abdul Hussein Adamjee Peerbhoy and was financed by his father, Sir Adamjee Peerbhoy of the Adamjee Group. The railway line, a 610mm (2 ft) gauge line, covers a distance of , over large swathes of forest territory connecting Neral to Matheran in the Western Ghats hills near Karjat and Mumbai. The plan, formulated in 1900, began construction in 1904 and the line was opened to traffic by 1907. Originally, the tracks were laid with 30 lb/yard rails but now use heavier 42 lb/yard rails. Ruling gradient is 1:20 (5%) with tight curves and speeds are limited to . The line, which generally used to be closed during the monsoons because of the danger of landslides, has, since the 1980s, been kept operational throughout the year. This railway line is administered by the Central Railways.
The unique feature of this line is the horseshoe embankment, which was built to avoid a reversion station, seen when the train curves markedly. Important stations and special features include this, the initial Neral Station, the Herdal Hill section, the Bhekra Khud steep gradient, the only tunnel on the route, popularly known as the "One Kiss Tunnel" (time to pass through this is just sufficient to exchange a kiss with one's partner), a "Water Pipe" station (no longer in use due to change over to diesel locos), Mountain Berry with two sharp 'Zig Zags', Panorama Point and finally terminating at Matheran Bazaar. The Broad gauge line between Mumbai and Poona runs close to this line and the road also crosses the railway line at two locations.
Kangra Valley Railway.
The Kangra Valley Railway lies in the sub-Himalayan region and covers a distance of between Pathankot and Joginder Nagar, a valley known for its natural beauty and ancient Hindu shrines. The line, which is part of the Northern Railway and is made with a gauge, was planned in May 1926 and commissioned in 1929 and is popularly known as the “Kangra Toy Train”. The highest point on this line is at Ahju station at an elevation of and the terminus at Joginder Nagar is at . The line has 971 uniquely designed bridges and two tunnels. Two particularly important bridge structures are the steel arch bridge over the Reond nalah and the girder bridge over the Banganga River. Though the gradient of the line is generally gentle, the critical reach with steep slopes is at the stretch, which is of width with 1:19 slope with approach slopes of 1:31 and 1:25. The terminus stretch between Baijnath and Jogindernagar is 1:25. The train journey on this line provides beautiful views of peaks of the Dhauladhar mountain range, particularly in the stretch between Kangra and Mangwal, and also the ruins of the Kangra Fort.
Lumding–Halflong–Badarpur hill section (Assam).
The Northeast Frontier Railway plans to preserve the 120 km-long Mahur–Harangajao hill section while the metre-gauge track on the Lumding–Silchar line gets converted into broad gauge. It has 37 tunnels, 586 bridges and 24 stations on the way with the steepest gradient of 1 in 37 on the Harangajao–Jatinga section.
Kashmir Railway.
The Kashmir Railway is a railway line being built in India to connect the state of Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of the country. Officially termed the 'Jammu Udhampur Srinagar Baramulla Railway Link' (JUSBRL), the railway starts from Jammu and, when completed, will travel for 345 kilometres (214 mi) to the city of Baramulla on the northwestern edge of the Kashmir Valley. The route crosses major earthquake zones, and is subjected to extreme temperatures of cold and heat, as well as inhospitable terrain, making it an extremely challenging engineering project. The project has had a long and chequered history but serious progress was made only after it was declared a National Project in 2002. The scheduled date of completion was August 15, 2007. However, several unforeseen complications have pushed back the final completion deadline to 2017 at the earliest so a through service from central India to Kashmir will not be possible till then.
Other proposed projects.
Bilaspur-Mandi-Leh Railway is expected to become the highest railway track in the world by its completion overtaking the current record of China's Qinghai-Tibet Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="2894917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894917" title="Center for Science, Technology, and Society">
Center for Science, Technology, and Society

Founded in 1997, the Center for Science, Technology and Society is one of three Centers of Distinction at Santa Clara University. The Center's interdisciplinary approach contributes to building a community of scholars, providing an integrated education, and serving as an intersection point between the university and society. The Center is governed by a faculty Steering Committee and benefits from the guidance of an external Advisory Board.
The mission of the Center for Science, Technology, and Society (CSTS) at Santa Clara University is to accelerate global, innovation-based entrepreneurship in service to humanity. Through an array of programs including its signature Global Social Benefit Incubator (GSBI™), the Center engages an international network of business, investment capital, and technical resources to build the capacity of social enterprises around the world. As a Center of Distinction at Santa Clara University, the Center leverages its programs to inspire faculty and students with real-world case studies, distinctive curricula, and unique research opportunities, advancing the University’s vision of creating a more just, humane, and sustainable world.

</doc>
<doc id="2894920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894920" title="Dick Dale (singer)">
Dick Dale (singer)

Dick Dale (born September 14, 1926) is an American singer and musician, best known as a featured singer and saxophone player on the TV variety show "The Lawrence Welk Show".
A native of Algona, Iowa, he served in the United States Navy during World War II after graduation from Algona High School. His entertainment career began when he worked for several bands such as Harold Loeffelmacher and his Six Fat Dutchmen Old-Time Band when he was discovered by Lawrence Welk in 1951.
During his tenure on the show, in addition to his playing the saxophone, he sang not just solos but also in duets, performed in comedy sketches, dances, and also played Santa Claus for many years on the Christmas shows. Even after the show went into retirement in 1982, he continues to this day to perform with his fellow Welk alumni.
From 1990 to 1996, he co-owned and operated the Rainbow Theater in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee with fellow Welk star Ava Barber. 
He married his wife, Marguerite, in 1949, and they are the parents of four children and several grandchildren. After making their home in Sparks, Nevada for several years, the Dales have recently moved back to his Iowa hometown of Algona.

</doc>
<doc id="2894924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894924" title="Flickertail">
Flickertail

Flickertail may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2894941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894941" title="Universal CityWalk">
Universal CityWalk

Universal CityWalk is the name given to the entertainment and retail districts located adjacent to the theme parks of Universal Parks & Resorts. Originating as an expansion of Universal's first park, Universal Studios Hollywood, CityWalk serves as an entrance plaza from the parking lots to the theme parks. CityWalk can also be found at the Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Japan in Osaka, Japan.
CityWalk Hollywood and CityWalk Orlando do have some common tenants, but their respective architectural styles are quite different. Where CityWalk Hollywood incorporates a classic modern blend of Hollywood, CityWalk Orlando is almost entirely modern in appearance.
Universal CityWalk Hollywood.
Universal CityWalk Hollywood is a three-block entertainment, dining, shopping promenade. Options include more than 30 places to eat, a 19-screen movie theater featuring IMAX®, seven night spots, indoor skydiving and more than 30 stores.
History.
Opened in May 1993 adjacent to the Cineplex Odeon cinema. A $1 billion, . expansion opened in 2000. Planning done by Jerde Associates.
CityWalk's central plaza is topped by a 170 foot radial trelis designed and built by Pearce Structures (who also constructed Biosphere 2). The courtyard features a leaping fountain, created by WET. A huge television monitor brought in by Panasonic, is located above the multiplex, showing upcoming Universal movie releases, music videos, and NBC Universal promotions stands next to the giant guitar towering over the Hard Rock Cafe.
Street performers ( magicians and musicians) are a common sight.
5 Towers.
"5 Towers" is the new interactive outdoor concert venue on Universal CityWalk, featuring a technologically advanced staging system. The stage is equipped with thousands of LED fixtures, motion capture sensors, five soaring 42-foot light tower sculptures, a massive video monitor and a state-of-the-art audio system. 
The new staging system serves as the structural artistic centerpiece for CityWalk, where artists and concert-goers assemble in an energetic environment to enjoy live music.
Dining.
Universal CityWalk caters to every taste, representing nearly every food genre available. CityWalk's dining ranges from casual to more sophisticated dining to quick service eateries.
Universal CityWalk Orlando.
The Universal Citywalk in Orlando opened in 1999 as one component of the expansion that transformed Universal Studios Florida into today's Universal Orlando Resort. It was built over the former Universal Studios parking lot and entrance. Guests arriving at the resort park in one of two multi-story parking structures, then travel via covered moving sidewalks over Universal Boulevard into CityWalk. From there, guests can proceed into either of the theme parks, Universal Studios Florida or Islands of Adventure.

</doc>
<doc id="2894962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894962" title="Miura fold">
Miura fold

The is a method of folding a flat surface such as a sheet of paper into a smaller volume. It is named for Japanese astrophysicist Koryo Miura, who invented it.
The crease patterns of the Miura fold form a tessellation of the surface by parallelograms. In one direction, the creases of the pattern lie along straight lines, with each parallelogram forming the mirror reflection of its neighbor across each crease. In the other direction, the creases zigzag, and each parallelogram is the translation of its neighbor across the crease. Each of the zigzag paths of creases consists solely of mountain folds or of valley folds, with mountains alternating with valleys from one zigzag path to the next. Each of the straight paths of creases alternates between mountain and valley folds. 
The Miura fold is a form of rigid origami, meaning that the fold can be carried out by a continuous motion in which, at each step, each parallelogram is completely flat. This property allows it to be used to fold surfaces made of rigid materials; for instance, it has been used to simulate large solar panel arrays for space satellites in the Japanese space program.
A folded Miura fold can be packed into a very compact shape, its thickness restricted only by the thickness of the folded material. The fold can also be unpacked in just one motion by pulling on opposite ends of the folded material, and likewise folded again by pushing the two ends back together. In the application to solar arrays, this property reduces the number of motors required to unfold this shape, reducing the overall weight and complexity of the mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="2894983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894983" title="Derwent Bridge">
Derwent Bridge

Derwent Bridge is a locality on the Lyell Highway at the southern edge of the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park.
It is just south of Lake St Clair and the Lake St Clair visitor centre; and it is north of Lake King William and the Butlers Gorge Power Station.
It is also the last inhabited location before Linda Valley in the West Coast Range - this section of the highway passes through the Wild Rivers National Park. In the past there were a couple of isolated houses along Lyell Highway that have been removed.
Today, Derwent Bridge features not only the bridge alluded to in its name – spanning the Derwent River – 
but accommodation units, and also a roadside public house.
Derwent Bridge was used as the principal location for the filming of the 2009 AFI nominated television drama The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce. 
Derwent Bridge Post Office opened on 15 February 1937 and closed in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2894989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894989" title="Don Muhlbach">
Don Muhlbach

Don Muhlbach (born August 17, 1981) is an American football long snapper who plays for the Detroit Lions. Muhlbach played college football for Texas A&M University. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Baltimore Ravens, and has played his entire NFL career for the Detroit Lions.
High school career.
Muhlbach attended Lufkin High School in Lufkin, Texas. As a senior football player, he was the Lufkin special team's most valuable player, and earned Academic All-District honors.
College career.
Muhlbach attended Texas A&M University, where he served as the team's long snapper for the 2003 season. He also saw action at punter as a sophomore during the 2001 season.
Professional career.
Muhlbach signed as an undrafted free agent with the Baltimore Ravens on April 30, 2004. He spent the summer and OTAs with the Ravens before being released during training camp on August 30, 2004. On November 10, 2004, the Detroit Lions signed him as a replacement for injured long snapper Jody Littleton.
Early in his Lions career, Muhlbach overcame the adversity brought on by a botched snap against the Minnesota Vikings in a December 20, 2004 game. Holder Nick Harris was unable to cleanly field a bounced snap on a PAT attempt with 8 seconds remaining in the game. The missed PAT and unsuccessful onside kick resulted in the Lions falling in regulation to the Vikings 28-27. Had the PAT been successful, the game likely would have went to overtime, giving the Lions an opportunity for a win. The Lions faith in Muhlbach has paid off, as through the 2012 NFL season, he has yet to bounce or botch another snap.
Upon signing with the Lions, Muhlbach was described as "the Nolan Ryan of long snappers" by then-general manager Matt Millen. Millen was referring to the speed at which the ball is snapped to the holder or punter, with Muhlbach having the quickest snaps of those the team timed.
Muhlbach has played in every Lions game since 2005, except for week 15 of the 2009 season due to a concussion. The Lions signed Nathan Hodel as an injury replacement, and Muhlbach returned for week 16.
On January 15, 2013 Muhlbach was added to the NFC 2013 Pro Bowl roster by NFC head coach and Green Packers head coach Mike McCarthy. This was his first Pro Bowl, and the first Lions special teams player to make a Pro Bowl that was not a kicker, punter, or kick returner.
Muhlbach signed a new one year deal with the Lions in February 2014
Personal.
Muhlbach is married to Alix Koetting. On Aug. 24, 2012 they gave birth to their first daughter Addison. His uncle, John Muhlbach, was a center for Ohio State University.

</doc>
<doc id="2894997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894997" title="Roy Halee">
Roy Halee

Roy Halee is an American record producer and engineer, best known for working with Simon and Garfunkel.
Early life.
He grew up on Long Island, New York. His father, also named Roy Halee, provided the singing voice for Mighty Mouse in late 1940s Terrytoons cartoons, as well as the voices of Heckle and Jeckle from 1951 through 1961.
Career.
Halee started working as a cameraman for CBS Television in the 1950s. He was also studying to be a classical trumpet player. 
He became an audio engineer for CBS Television, working on many shows and the top rated The $64,000 Question TV quiz show.
As television shows moved to the West Coast, he lost his job in a union dispute and layoff at CBS Television. He went to work for Columbia Records in New York as an editor and later as a studio engineer, working with Bob Dylan, including the first long-format radio single, "Like a Rolling Stone".
After working with the The Lovin' Spoonful, The Dave Clark Five and the The Yardbirds, he began his partnership with Simon and Garfunkel. He has also worked with other groups such as The Byrds, Journey (on their first album "Journey"), Willie Nile, Laura Nyro, Blood, Sweat & Tears, and Blue Angel. Halee was named to the TEC Awards Hall of Fame in 2001.
Simon & Garfunkel.
Halee discovered that the uniqueness of Simon & Garfunkel harmonies could only be achieved by recording both voices on the same microphone at the same time. That technique did well, as the song "Mrs. Robinson", from the 1968 album "The Graduate", won him a Grammy Award.
Three more Grammy Awards followed in 1970 for his work on the album "Bookends" and the song "Bridge Over Troubled Water".
He was best known for producing several albums with Simon & Garfunkel. He is mentioned in their 1965 song "A Simple Desultory Philippic (or How I Was Robert McNamara'd into Submission)", written by Paul Simon. He also co-produced Simon's first solo album after the Simon & Garfunkel years and went together with Simon to South Africa in 1985 to record something new that "wasn't written yet, we were going with nothing, so it was a gamble. A lot of people thought we were nuts", Halee says. It led to the Grammy Award-winning album "Graceland". "I was having a ball recording these guys. For a guy from my background, everything was so organised generally. Here in the rawness of this, the earthiness, I was in seventh heaven." After "Graceland", Roy Halee continued travelling with Simon as an engineer, this time to Brazil and West Africa, which resulted in the album "The Rhythm of the Saints", with "all congas, bass drums, bata...everything imaginable."
Personal life.
His son, Roy Halee, Jr., is a post-production mixer for the CBS television program 60 Minutes in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2895000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895000" title="Pratap Chandra Lal">
Pratap Chandra Lal

Air Chief Marshal Pratap Chandra Lal (December 1916 – August 1982) was the Chief of Air Staff, Indian Air Force during the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971. He served in the IAF from 1939 until his retirement in 1973. He served as CO of No. 7 Squadron, AOC-in-C of Western Air Command, VCAS and Managing Director of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. He was the Air Chief Marshal at the time of Operation Chengiz Khan, also served as Chairman, Air India after retirement. During his service, he received the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Padma Bhushan and finally the Padma Vibhushan.
He embarked on writing his memoirs My Years with the IAF, but died before completing them. His wife Mrs. Ela Lal finished the book and published it in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2895004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895004" title="James Lindenberg">
James Lindenberg

James Lindenberg (December 20, 1921 – April 28, 2009) was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He moved to the Philippines in the 1940s. He is credited for his founding of Bolinao Electronics Corporation (BEC), the precursor of ABS-CBN Corporation. 

</doc>
<doc id="2895005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895005" title="Margaret Daly">
Margaret Daly

Margaret Daly (born 26 January 1938) was a British Conservative Party politician who represented Somerset and West Dorset in the European Parliament from 1984 to 1994.
Daly was a member of various committees including:

</doc>
<doc id="2895019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895019" title="George van Driem">
George van Driem

George (Sjors) van Driem (born 1957) is a linguist at the University of Berne, where he holds the chair of Historical Linguistics and directs the Linguistics Institute.
Background.
George van Driem has conducted field research in the Himalayas since 1983. He was commissioned by the Royal Government of Bhutan to codify a grammar of the national language Dzongkha, design a phonological romanisation for the language known as Roman Dzongkha, and complete a survey of the language communities
of the kingdom. He and native Dzongkha speaker Karma Tshering co-authored the authoritative textbook on Dzongkha. George van Driem has also written grammars of Limbu and Dumi, two Kiranti languages spoken in eastern Nepal, and the Bumthang language of central Bhutan. He authored a two-volume ethnolinguistic handbook of the greater Himalayan region entitled "Languages of the Himalayas". Under a programme named "Languages and Genes of the Greater Himalayan Region", conducted in collaboration with the Government of Nepal and the Royal Government of Bhutan, he collected DNA from many indigenous peoples of the Himalayas.
Research.
In Bern, George van Driem currently runs the research programme Strategische Zielsetzungen im Subkontinent (Strategic Objectives in the Subcontinent), which aims to analyse and describe endangered and poorly documented languages in South Asia. This programme of research is effectively a diversification of the Himalayan Languages Project, which he directed at Leiden University, where he held the chair of Descriptive Linguistics until 2009. He and his research team have documented over a dozen endangered languages of the greater Himalayan region, producing analytical grammars and lexica and recording morphologically analysed native texts. 
His interdisciplinary research in collaboration with geneticists has led to advances in the reconstruction of Asian ethnolinguistic prehistory. Based on linguistic palaeontology, ethnolinguistic phylogeography, rice genetics and the Holocene distribution of faunal species, he identified the ancient Hmong-Mien and Austroasiatics as the first domesticators of Asian rice and published a theory on the homelands and prehistoric dispersal of the Hmong-Mien, Austroasiatic and Trans-Himalayan linguistic phyla. His historical linguistic work on linguistic phylogeny has replaced the unsupported Sino-Tibetan hypothesis with the older, more agnostic Tibeto-Burman phylogenetic model, for which he proposed the neutral geographical name Trans-Himalayan in 2004. He developed the Darwinian theory of language known as Symbiosism, and he is author of the philosophy of Symbiomism.
Symbiomism.
Symbiomism is the philosophy of van Driem about mind and man’s place in nature that grew out of van Driem. Symbiosism is the linguistic theory that recognises language to be a memetic life form inhabiting the human brain. Human beings are unique symbiotic relationships in which the constituent symbionts are essentially different in nature. Our bodies furnish the hominid host for the human soul, whereby the soul is defined as all cognition that is directly or indirectly linguistically mediated. Man is a symbiome, a symbiotic union of body and soul. The question of our human identity is analogous to the organismal identity of lichens, green plants and all eukaryotic life. Countless such complex life forms arose evolutionarily as symbiomes. Man is as much his human body as he is the language that dwells within his brain and mediates much of his thinking. Good health is the state in which both constituent symbionts are healthy and abide in some sort of happy and wholesome equilibrium.
Symbiomism diagnoses religion to be a disease of language, recognises that opposition to religion per se might be an exercise in futility, and furnishes an analytical model for understanding the Darwinian mechanics by which cultural entities, pathological and benign, are propagated. Symbiomism furnishes a scientific culture theory for understanding human identity, studying individual and collective mental health and informing culture management. Religions, sects, ideologies, movements and myths can be channeled in benevolent ways in order to enhance individual well-being and further the common good. Legislators, policy makers, educational institutions, intelligence agencies and other memetic managers working within a symbiomist framework remain minimally interventionist and refrain from curtailing individual freedom of thought and expression.

</doc>
<doc id="2895027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895027" title="Buer, Germany">
Buer, Germany

Buer is the largest suburb of Gelsenkirchen. The Hochstrasse in the heart of Buer is the largest shopping street in Gelsenkirchen.
History.
In 1928, the adjoining cities of Buer, Gelsenkirchen, and Horst merged to form Gelsenkirchen-Buer, which was renamed Gelsenkirchen in 1930.
The Scholven/Buer synthetic oil plant was a bombing target of the Oil Campaign of World War II (the Buer town hall survived in nearly original form).

</doc>
<doc id="2895039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895039" title="Ted Sears">
Ted Sears

Ted Sears (March 13, 1900 – August 22, 1958) was an American animator during The Golden Age of American animation. Sears worked for the Fleischer Studios in the late-1920s and early-1930s, and was hired away from Max Fleischer to work at the Walt Disney studio in 1931.
As the first head of Disney's story department, Sears did significant story work on many Disney features, including "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Pinocchio", "Fantasia," "Dumbo," "Bambi", "Cinderella", "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan" (for which he wrote song lyrics), "Lady and the Tramp", and "Sleeping Beauty". Sears had initially provided the voice of the titular character in "Pinocchio" before the character was reimagined and child actor Dickie Jones was cast as the voice of the character instead.
Sears was born in Massachusetts, but was raised in New York City. He died in Los Angeles, California at the age of 58 in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="2895048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895048" title="Nursemaid's elbow">
Nursemaid's elbow

Nursemaid's elbow, babysitter's elbow, or pulled elbow is a dislocation of the elbow joint caused by a sudden pull on the extended pronated forearm, such as by an adult tugging on an uncooperative child or by swinging the child by the arms during play. The technical term for the injury is radial head subluxation.
Overview.
In radial head subluxation, there is little complaint of pain, and the patient generally reports pain in the proximal forearm. Radial head subluxation is a common pediatric presentation generally occurring between the ages of 1 and 3 years, although it can happen anytime between 6 months of age and 7 years. After age 3, children's joints and ligaments gradually grow stronger, making radial head subluxation less likely to occur.
The etiology is slippage of the head of the radius under the annular ligament. The distal attachment of the annular ligament covering the radial head is weaker in children than in adults, allowing it to be more easily torn.
The older child will usually point to the dorsal aspect of the proximal forearm when asked where it hurts. This may mislead one to suspect a buckle fracture of the proximal radius. There is no tear in the soft tissue (probably due to the pliability of young connective tissues).
This injury has also been reported in infants younger than six months and in older children up to the preteen years. There is a slight predilection for this injury to occur in girls and in the left arm. The classic mechanism of injury is longitudinal traction on the arm with the wrist in pronation, as occurs when the child is lifted up by the wrist. There is no support for the common assumption that a relatively small head of the radius as compared to the neck of the radius predisposes the young to this injury.
Anatomy.
The forearm contains two bones: the radius and the ulna. These bones are attached to each other both at the proximal, or elbow, end and also at the distal, or wrist, end. Among other movements, the forearm is capable of pronation and supination, which is to say rotation about the long axis of the forearm. In this movement the ulna, which is connected to the humerus by a simple hinge-joint, remains stationary, while the radius rotates, carrying the wrist and hand with it. To allow this rotation, the proximal (elbow) end of the radius is held in proximity to the ulna by a ligament known as the annular ligament. This is a circular ligamentous structure within which the radius is free, with constraints existing elsewhere in the forearm, to rotate.The proximal end of the radius in young children is conical, with the wider end of the cone nearest the elbow. With the passage of time the shape of this bone changes, becoming more cylindrical but with the proximal end being widened.
If the forearm of a young child is pulled, it is possible for this traction to pull the radius into the annular ligament with enough force to cause it to be jammed therein. This causes significant pain, partial limitation of flexion/extension of the elbow and total loss of pronation/supination in the affected arm. The situation is rare in adults, or in older children, because the changing shape of the radius associated with growth prevents it.
Signs and symptoms.
Radial head subluxation:
Treatment.
To resolve the problem, the affected arm is moved in a way that causes the joint to move back into a normal position. The two main methods are hyperpronation and a combination of supination and flexion. In one study, hyperpronation required fewer attempts, was more successful initially, and was often successful when supination/flexion failed.

</doc>
<doc id="2895058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895058" title="Lake Burbury">
Lake Burbury

Lake Burbury is a man-made lake created by the Crotty Dam made by Hydro Tasmania inundating the upper King River valley that lies east of the West Coast Range. Its waters feed the John Butters Hydroelectric Power Station. 
It was named after Stanley Burbury former Governor of Tasmania.
The lake is fed mainly by rivers from the north, including the upper King River, and the Eldon River. Valleys that open to the area include the Linda Valley. It also has a natural lake just north of its northern shore known as Lake Beatrice which is at the eastern end of Mount Sedgwick. It has a surface area of 54 square kilometres.
Charles Whitham claimed that the 1917 proposed dam which was an early version of this dam should be named 'Lake Dorothy' in line with naming lakes on the west coast with female names.
The Crotty Dam site had been surveyed in the early twentieth century but the proposed dam did not proceed at that time. It was re-visited in the 1980s and involved in the last major dam construction by Hydro Tasmania.
It is popular as a fishing lake, but is susceptible to extreme weather. Its feeder rivers are the upper King, Nelson, Princess, and Eldon Rivers. There are design features in the Crotty Dam to lower the surface level rapidly in the event of severe floodwaters.
The lake has the 'Bradshaw' bridge crossing it to connect the Lyell Highway across it, and has two dams - one in the King River Gorge - the Crotty Dam, and the other adjacent to Mount Darwin, the Darwin Dam.
The dam inundated the historical sites of the Darwin and Crotty - as well as the bridge of the North Mount Lyell Railway over the King River which was not salvaged before the flooding.
Crotty Dam and Lake Burbury have been identified as "Indicative places" on the Register of the National Estate 
The lake lies to the west of the Franklin-Gordon Wild Rivers National Park and has a series of buffer zone conservation areas - "The Princess River Conservation Area", and the "Crotty Conservation Area" on the east shore, and the "West Coast Range Regional Reserve" on the west. The Hydro jurisdiction of the lake is to the 242 metre elevation ( the full supply level being 235 metres) round the edge of the lake, as well as the island created by the impoundment.
A webcam is located on the south east shore of the lake which looks across to where the Lyell Highway emerges from the Linda Valley and moves south around the eastern base of Mount Owen. 

</doc>
<doc id="2895086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895086" title="Needles and Pins (song)">
Needles and Pins (song)

"Needles and Pins" is a song written by Jack Nitzsche and Sonny Bono. In his autobiography, Bono states that he sang along with Nitzsche's guitar-playing, thus creating both the tune and the lyrics, being guided by the chord progressions.
The song was originally recorded by Jackie DeShannon. Other hit versions of the song were recorded by The Searchers, Cher, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers with Stevie Nicks, Willie DeVille, Gary Lewis & the Playboys, Smokie, the Turtles, Ultima Thule and by the Ramones. It was a number 1 hit in France when recorded in French by Petula Clark entitled 'La Nuit N'en finit Plus'
Jackie DeShannon version (1963).
The song was first recorded by Jackie DeShannon in 1963; in the US it peaked at #84 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in May of that year. Though it was only a minor US hit, DeShannon's recording of the song topped the charts in English Canada, hitting number one on the CHUM Chart in early 1963.
The Searchers version (1964).
The Searchers heard British performer Cliff Bennett perform "Needles and Pins" at a club in Hamburg, Germany, and instantly wanted it to be their next single. The Pye Records single was released in January 1964. It was number one in the United Kingdom, Ireland and South Africa and peaked at #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in the United States. Soon after, in April 1964, "Needles and Pins" appeared on the Searchers' next album, "It's the Searchers".
Audible during the Searchers' recording of "Needles and Pins" is a faulty bass drum pedal, which squeaks throughout the song. It is particularly noticeable during the opening of the number.
Part of The Searchers' version can be heard as the intro of the song "Use the Man" from Megadeth's "Cryptic Writings" album, although it does not appear on the remastered version.
Smokie version (1977).
In 1977, at the height of their popularity, English rock band Smokie covered the song as a rock ballad for the album "Bright Lights and Back Alleys", and got a European hit with "Needles and Pins". The song reached number 1 in some European countries.
Ramones version (1978).
The Ramones covered "Needles and Pins" on their 1978 album "Road to Ruin".
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers version (1985; live).
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers released their first live album in 1985, "", on which singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks performed "Needles and Pins" alongside Tom Petty at the Forum in Los Angeles, California.
Genesis reference.
The song is referenced in Genesis's 1974 song "Broadway Melody of 1974" from their album "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway". The lyrics run "And as the song and dance begins, the children play at home with needles...Needles and pins" with the phrase "Needles and pins" played to the original song's notes.

</doc>
<doc id="2895089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895089" title="Eau Claire River (Chippewa River)">
Eau Claire River (Chippewa River)

The Eau Claire River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in west-central Wisconsin in the United States. It is one of three rivers by this name in Wisconsin. Via the Chippewa River, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. Its name is the French translation from the Ojibwe "Wayaa-gonaatigweyaa-ziibi" (Clear potable-water River).
Course.
The Eau Claire River rises as two streams, the North Fork Eau Claire River and the South Fork Eau Claire River, both of which rise in southwestern Taylor County and flow generally southwestwardly through northeastern Clark and northwestern Eau Claire Counties. The North Fork is about 25 mi (40 km) long and flows past the village of Lublin; it collects the Wolf River in Eau Claire County. The South Fork is about 35 mi (56 km) long.
Cultural information.
Eau Claire River serves in part as the southern boundary for the 1837 Treaty-ceded Territory, where the signatory Ojibwe Bands may hunt, fish and gather to maintain their cultural livelihood.

</doc>
<doc id="2895093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895093" title="Weston High School (Massachusetts)">
Weston High School (Massachusetts)

Weston High School is a high school (grades 9–12) in Weston, Massachusetts, United States, a suburb 12 miles west of Boston. The school is located at 444 Wellesley Street in Weston. In the 2011–2012 school year, it had 757 students. It is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. It has been ranked the 60th best high school in the United States by "U.S. News & World Report" for 2008. 
Weston High School offers its students a comprehensive and diversified program. Academic courses range from basic to advanced levels. Honors courses are offered in mathematics, world history, foreign languages, and science, while specific Advanced Placement subjects include art, biology, calculus, statistics, computer science, English, French, Spanish, Mandarin Chinese, European and U.S. History, and physics. Students must take at least five "majors" each semester and may include courses in the fine and applied arts, business, and home economics. The high school also has a highly successful extra-curricular program that includes athletics, clubs, student government and community service programs. Most students participate in these after-school activities, with athletics, theater, music, art, and publications being the most popular. 
Specialists in the Skills Center and Guidance Department provide a broad range of tutoring, personal counseling, and college placement services. Among the special facilities available to students are a library with more than 15,000 books, videos, ebooks, and audiobooks and extensive on-line databases; four networked computer laboratories; a modern world language laboratory; a recorded books library; choral and instrument rooms; a dance studio; and a physical fitness and weight room. An indoor swimming pool and a synthetic surface track are among Weston's athletic facilities.
In September 2004, 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2012" Boston Magazine" rated Weston High the number one public high school in Massachusetts. In 2013, Weston High School dropped to 11th place in the ranking of the best high schools in Boston 
History.
Between the end of WWII in 1945 and 1970, the "Baby Boom" generation, the number of school-age children in Weston increased 363%, from 635 students to 2,937. The town embarked on 25-year school building program resulting in five new school complexes. After a devastating fire in 1948 destroyed the roofing and interior of the brand-new Weston High School, the building was rebuilt as an elementary school and a new replacement high school was commissioned.
This new high school, which was located near Weston Town Center by the current Weston Public Library, Country & Woodland Elementary Schools, was renowned as the "architectural achievement of the century" by the Boston Herald when it opened in January 1950. The nation's first million-dollar public building, Weston High School offered resources and technologies never before seen in a public school. Revolutionary architecture and layout of the school allowed for unprecedented new teaching and class organization methods. The building remains in active service as the Field Elementary School, though plans are underway to tear it down and replace it with a new complex on the same lot.
In 1961, the current Weston High School was built as one of the most expensive schools in the nation at $8,930,000 (1961 dollars). This building is the fifth public high school in Weston and is designed to be in active service far longer than many contemporary schools, thanks to constant renovation and a high-quality initial design and build.
The campus.
Weston High School is a large brick and glass building, surrounded by trees and sports fields. There are several fields, tennis courts, baseball diamonds, and a large track, shared by the Middle School, which is located on an adjacent campus. There is also a pond situated between the middle school and high school campuses. 
Weston High School, designed and built in 1961 at a cost of $64.3 million (2012 dollars), has been renovated periodically since its construction. The facilities have maintained a modern appearance, marked especially by the extensive use of glass.
The design of Weston High School is largely natural-light intensive. Floor-to-ceiling windows mark the facade of three sides of the cafeteria as well as most stairwells. Hallways and classrooms can be lit almost entirely by natural light. The new science wing also features extensive floor-to-ceiling glass.
The building itself consists of a large gymnasium, weight room, library, theater and tech center, dance studio, music rooms, auditorium, computer labs, and many classrooms. The building is split into different wings for each subject, including English and History, Math and Science, and Language. There are currently no plans to reconstruct the existing infrastructure; only to add and renovate.
A seventh wing (G Wing) has been constructed for the 2012-2013 school year. The 23,000 square foot addition serves as the science wing, housing eight science classrooms, a 58-seat lecture hall, an outdoor amphitheater-style classroom, and copious atrium space. The project is designed for and seeking LEED Silver certification. 
Sports.
Weston competes in the DCL, which includes Acton-Boxborough Regional High School, Bedford High School, Concord-Carlisle High School, Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School, Newton South High School, Waltham High School, Wayland High School, and Westford Academy. Weston's chief rival is Wayland High School.
The Department is headed by Athletic Director Mike McGrath.
Fall sports.
Football (B), Soccer (B+G), Cross Country (B+G), Volleyball (G), Golf (B), Field Hockey (G), Rowing (B+G)
In the 2008 season, the Field Hockey team (Weston's only Division I sport) won the Division I State Championship as well as the Dual County League Small Title ending their season with only two loses. In the 2009 season, the Field Hockey team repeated their DCL Small title, but fell to rival Acton-Boxborough in the Division I North Sectional Finals during a penalty stroke on a controversial call in overtime minutes. Many WFH alum continue on to play field hockey in college. Coach Laura Galopin was awarded with Coach of the Year in 2008.
In 2007, 2008, 2010 and 2013 the Golf Team won the Division III State and Sectional Title. Will Caro won the individual Sectional title in 2010 and Jonathan Greb won the individual State title in 2010.
In 2009, Boys Soccer won the Division III State Final for the first time in Weston History. They were also Co-DCL champions that same year.
In 2010, Girls Soccer won the Division III State Final.
The boys and girls crew team represents Weston (and Wayland) every year at the Head of the Charles regatta, the largest 2-day regatta in the world, with multiple entries. Wayland-Weston Crew has won boys, girls, and overall at the fall Massachusetts Public School Rowing State Championships since 2006.
In 2010 the Football team won the Thanksgiving trophy from their rival, the Wayland Warriors, for the first time in 10 years. The team was led in scoring by seniors Nolan Neu and Tom Wells, each scoring 2 Touchdowns. The team finished the season with a 10–1 record, matching a school record set in 1998.
Winter sports.
Basketball (B+G), Indoor Track and Field (B+G), Wrestling (B), Ice Hockey (B+G), Swimming (B+G), Skiing (B+G)
Spring sports.
Lacrosse (B+G), Baseball (B), Softball (G), Track and Field(B+G), Tennis (B+G), Rowing (B+G)
The crew team, which is a joint team with Wayland, has attended the USRowing Youth National Championships in Ohio five times to date (2006–10). Wayland-Weston Crew has won boys, girls, and overall at the spring Massachusetts Public School Rowing State Championships since 2006.
In 2010, both Boys and Girls tennis captured the Division III North Sectional Championship and went on to win the Division III State Championship.
In the 2010–2011 campaign, the Boys varsity lacrosse team captured the Division III State Championship 5-4 against Dover-Sherborn Reg. High School at Harvard Stadium.
In 2012 and 2013, the Boys Track Team won the Division 4 State Championship.
Music and theater.
Weston's music program is directed by Christopher Memoli, while Dr. Therese Provenzano directs the chorus. Weston also offers an AP Music Theory Class, taught by Patrick Dandrea. 31 students were accepted to the MMEA Northeastern Sr. Districts Festival in January 2007, and 13 students were accepted to the MMEA All-State Conference. 
The High School Chorus, along with the Community Chorus and InCoro Novo, has a performance at Regis College every year when they perform a selection from the vocal repertoire. In 2006, the work was Bach's "Magnificat" and in 2007, the work was Mozart's "Requiem". The 2008 piece was Carmina Burana. The 2009 piece was Mozart's Coronation Mass. The 2010 selection was John Rutter's Magnificat. The work for 2011 was Antonio Vivaldi's 'Gloria.' The large chorus is accompanied by selected high school orchestra members and adult musicians.
Weston's Music Department also runs the Weston Friends of Music, a parent group that has regular meetings and helps collect tickets during concerts and other tasks that help contribute to the well-being of the Weston school music department.
In addition, Weston has a theater program after school. The Weston High School Theater Company performs three plays a year (Fall and Winter play, Spring musical) and competes in the Boston Globe's Massachusetts Educational Theater Guild (METG) festival annually. The company holds several state titles, having won finals at the 2005 and 2008 MHSDG festivals. They advanced to finals in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and most recently in 2013, where they nearly clenched the state title yet again. Under the direction of John Minigan, the Weston High Theater Co. has high expectations for those involved and several members have gone on and act in college and professionally.
In addition to a full concert choir and chorus, the Weston High School has three student run a cappella groups called the Town Criers (for boys), the Pralines (for girls) and Team AC (mixed). The Town Criers, the Pralines and Team AC are all extremely successful groups and the Town Criers currently have two albums on iTunes, as well as a third in the making. In 2010, the Town Criers also took third place in the International Competition of High School A Cappella in New York City. They were also honored as the number one group in New England, the top all male group, and the top student-run organization in the competition. Additionally, they received top honors for their choreography as well as an individual award for the best solo performance (Nolan Neu). All three groups perform at monthly all-school assemblies.

</doc>
<doc id="2895103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895103" title="Grupo Aymara">
Grupo Aymara

Grupo Aymara are a Bolivian folk troupe that have been acclaimed worldwide for its inspiring interpretations of traditional music of pre-Hispanic and contemporary music of the Andes, particularly that of the Aymara and Quechua speaking people of Bolivia. They perform their evocative music on indigenous flutes, panpipes and drums, as well as stringed instruments introduced since the Spanish conquest.

</doc>
<doc id="2895112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895112" title="Stephen Parry">
Stephen Parry

Stephen Parry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895114" title="Christopher Egan">
Christopher Egan

Christopher Andrew Egan (born 29 June 1984) is an Australian actor. He played Nick Smith in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away" from 2000 to 2003, and David Shepherd on the NBC television drama "Kings".
Life and career.
Egan was born in Sydney, Australia. He has appeared in several commercials and did some modelling, but his ability and ambition for acting came out when he performed in the Glen Street productions of "Les Misérables" and "West Side Story". He also appeared in the TV soap "Home and Away".
He has also been trained in gymnastics at the KICK Performance Group in Sydney. As well as competing in several eisteddfods at an early age, Egan has been able to use his gymnastics skills extensively in the thriller film "Crush".
He moved to Los Angeles in 2003. In 2006, he appeared in the film adaptation of Christopher Paolini's novel "Eragon". In 2007, he played a small role in "", the third movie in the "Resident Evil" series, where he played Mikey, a member of Claire Redfield's (played by Ali Larter) convoy. In the summer of 2009, he shot the movie "Letters to Juliet" in Italy, with Amanda Seyfried, Vanessa Redgrave and Gael García Bernal. The movie has gone on to achieve great success and has become Christopher's most popular role.
Egan stars in "Dominion", the Syfy supernatural action drama based on characters from the 2010 feature film "Legion" that starred Paul Bettany. Egan plays Alex Lannen, a rebellious young soldier who discovers he is the unlikely savior of humanity.

</doc>
<doc id="2895117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895117" title="Gus Greenlee">
Gus Greenlee

William Augustus "Gus" Greenlee (December 26, 1893 – July 7, 1952) was a Negro League baseball owner and an African-American businessman.
Early life.
Gus Greenlee was born in Marion, North Carolina in 1893 and migrated to the Hill District of Pittsburgh in 1916. After working several menial jobs, he established a bootlegging business that he operated from his taxi. He later made his reputation as a numbers runner and racketeer, as well as the owner of the Crawford Grill nightclub and the Pittsburgh Crawfords baseball team.
Negro leagues.
In 1933 Greenlee organized the annual East-West Classic, an all-star baseball game in Chicago between Negro League stars, which became the centerpiece of the baseball season. That same year he was the primary founder of the second Negro National League, which he served as president for five seasons.
For a while the Crawfords were the best-financed team in black baseball. Revenue generated from his gambling and bootlegging operations allowed Greenlee to sign black baseball's biggest names. The 1935 squad may be the best ever to play in the Negro Leagues, as it fielded five Baseball Hall of Fame players. Money also enabled Greenlee to build his own ballpark. When he bought the Pittsburgh Crawfords in 1930, he was insulted that his players were not allowed to use the dressing rooms at white-owned or -controlled venues like Forbes Field, Ammon Field, and others. In 1932 he opened Greenlee Field, the first black-owned and black-built baseball park in America.
Post-Negro leagues.
Following the 1938 season, Greenlee left baseball. He sold the baseball team and razed the ballpark, partly because he had lost the best players and partly because he owed money on a heavily played number.(Riley) In 1945, he made a comeback in alliance with Branch Rickey, related to Rickey's projected integration of the major leagues. They established the United States League in competition with established Negro leagues and operated for two seasons. Greenlee left baseball permanently after 1946 but continued to operate the Crawford Grill until its 1951 destruction by fire.(Riley)
Personal life.
Greenlee was known as a philanthropist who helped fellow blacks in his community with scholarships for schooling and with grants to buy homes.
He died of a stroke July 7, 1952. He is buried in Pittsburgh's Allegheny Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2895124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895124" title="Roy Ashburn">
Roy Ashburn

Roy Arthur Ashburn (born March 21, 1954) is an American politician from Kern County, California. A Republican, he served as a California State Senator from 2002 to 2010 representing the 18th district. He previously served three terms in the California State Assembly, representing the 32nd district and 12 years on the Kern County Board of Supervisors. He now serves on the California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board after having been appointed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Although he had maintained a firm voting record against gay rights legislation, Ashburn acknowledged that he is gay in March 2010, and after coming out he increasingly spoke out on gay rights.
Personal background.
Born in Long Beach, California, Ashburn received a Bachelor's degree in Public Administration from California State University, Bakersfield in 1983 and attended College of the Sequoias in Visalia. His religion is Roman Catholic, listed in his biography printed by California State University, at Bakersfield (Cal State / CSU-Bakersfield). Ashburn is the divorced father of four daughters, Shelley, Shannon, Stacy and Suzana. He also has two grandchildren.
1972–2010: Political career.
Ashburn worked for Kern County Supervisor LeRoy Jackson from 1972 to 1977, for Congressman Bill Thomas from 1979 to 1983, as a Kern County Supervisor from 1984 to 1996, as a California State Assemblyman from 1996 to 2002, and as a California State Senator from 2002 to 2010. He attended the College of the Sequoias and in 1983 received his Bachelor of Arts degree in public administration from California State University, Bakersfield. The same year he graduated from college, Ashburn served as president of the Bakersfield Republican Assembly. In 1988, Ashburn chaired the Kern County chapter of the George H. W. Bush presidential campaign.
Two years into his first term in the State Senate, Ashburn was the Republican candidate in in 2004. He was the strongest Republican to run in the 20th in more than a decade. He was a decided underdog against the Democratic nominee, former State Senator Jim Costa. The 20th is a strongly Democratic, Latino-majority district, and the district's previous incumbent, Democrat Cal Dooley, had held the seat without serious difficulty for 14 years. However, the Republicans poured more money into the race than was expected for such a heavily Democratic district. Ashburn claimed Costa would vote to raise taxes; in a play on Costa's name, he aired ads saying "Costa's gonna cost ya!" He also compared Costa to former Governor Gray Davis, calling them the "two taxing twins." In the end, Costa won by 54% to 46%. Ashburn only kept the margin within single digits by winning heavily Republican Kings County. He did, however, run ahead of the typical Republican showing in the district.
Political achievements/positions.
Ashburn's work in the California Legislature has included:
According to Project Vote Smart, Ashburn voted against every gay rights measure in the State Senate since taking office, all of which subsequently passed. However, he marked a political shift after his DUI arrest by carrying an amendment of a section of the 1950 Welfare and Institutions Code which would eliminate a requirement of the Department of Mental Health to carry out research on "sexual deviants" (language which was expressly used against homosexuals when the WIC was passed in 1950); the carriage of the bill by Ashburn to unanimous passing by the Senate is the first pro-gay act vetted by Ashburn in his career.
Ashburn came out during a radio interview in California and stated that he did not plan to run for any public office again.
Ashburn was vice chair of the Legislative Audit and Public Employment and Retirement Committees in the Senate and was a member of the committees of Arts, Budget and Fiscal Review, Legislative Audit, Revenue and Taxation, Rules, and Transportation and Housing, and the subcommittees on California Ports and Goods Movement and Health and Human Services.
In 2010, Ashburn backed Proposition 13, which sought to prevent seismic retrofitting from triggering property tax reassessments.
Arrest, conviction and consequences.
On March 3, 2010, Ashburn was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving while operating a State of California owned vehicle. The Senator was pulled over in Sacramento by the California Highway Patrol shortly before 2 a.m., with sources saying he was leaving a Sacramento gay nightclub, Faces, in the Lavender Hill neighborhood, with an unidentified male passenger in a state-owned Chevy Tahoe. Ashburn's blood alcohol content was measured at 0.14%. The arrest "launched nationwide speculation that the veteran lawmaker is gay and therefore a hypocrite for voting against gay-rights bills." In response to those accusations, during an interview on KERN radio, Ashburn stated that he is gay and that he believes "that my responsibility is to my constituents." When asked during the interview whether he personally agreed with votes he made on gay rights issues, Ashburn didn't answer the question.
On April 14, 2010, Ashburn pleaded no contest to the charge of driving under the influence in Sacramento County Superior Court. He received a sentence of three years of informal probation and 48 hours in the county jail, though was given credit for one day for the night of his arrest and will serve the remaining day on a work project. Fines and other fees cost Ashburn $1,900 to $2,000.
2011–present: Post-conviction life.
Ashburn was appointed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to the State of California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board. His term ends January 1, 2015.
Ashburn ran for Kern County Supervisor in the June 2012 primary election and came in second place.
Ashburn faced a run-off election November 6, 2012, against retired United States Navy Captain Mick Gleason and did not win. He received 40 percent of the vote compared to Gleason's 59.6 percent of the final vote count. Congressional Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy endorsed Gleason while retired Representative Bill Thomas endorsed Ashburn.
In his 2013 radio interview at "First Look with Scott Cox", Ashburn revealed that he had a gay brother, who died of AIDS-related illness 20 years ago. Because of the Republican Party's opposition to gay rights and immigration, Ashburn re-registered to vote as "no party preference".

</doc>
<doc id="2895132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895132" title="Aprilia RSV Mille">
Aprilia RSV Mille

The Aprilia RSV Mille was a sport motorcycle manufactured by Aprilia from 1998 to 2003. It was offered in three versions, RSV Mille, RSV Mille R, and RSV Mille SP.
The first RSV Mille (ME) was made from 1998 to 2000, the updated RSV Mille (RP) from 2001 to 2002 and the last update was made in 2003.
With a 998 cc 60-degree V-twin engine built by the Austrian company Rotax, the RSV Mille was the first large displacement motorcycle made by Aprilia that up to then had made up to 250cc engines. This same engine was used unmodified in the Tuono and in slightly modified form in the SL1000 Falco.
The Mille featured a type of slipper clutch, which worked by using a vacuum on a closed throttle from the inlet manifold to give the effect of slipper clutch, but only on a closed throttle.
Model History.
The first changes were made in 2001 when the fairing was restyled, adding wind deflectors to improve airflow. The fuel tank was changed to a plastic item (with a reduction in capacity), and the rear shock on both the standard and the 'R' models was revised.
In 2002, the front brake calipers were changed to Brembo Monobloc 4 pad calipers - each piston having a separate pad gave an increase in braking performance and feel.
In 2003, the gear ratios were changed to give a slightly closer ratio gearbox, the exhaust system was changed and the tail piece and front mudguard were redesigned.
From 2004, the Mille was replaced by the RSV-R and RSV-R Factory.
RSV Mille R.
The RSV Mille R is a lighter, higher spec. version of the standard Mille, introduced in 1999. It features Öhlins suspension, an Öhlins steering damper, forged aluminum wheels, carbon fibre front mudguard and a shorter subframe for one person use only (no passenger seat).
RSV Mille SP.
The SP stands for Sport Production and this version was made as a homologation special for the Superbike World Championship. Only 150 motorcycles, the minimum requirement to homologate the model for Superbike World Championship, were manufactured in 1999. It uses a special short-stroke version of the 60-degree V-twin engine, developed in collaboration with Cosworth.
Replicas.
In 2002, Aprilia produced 300 limited edition RSV Mille R Haga Replica. The motorcycle has the same livery as the bike used by Noriyuki Haga at the Superbike World Championship and came with a circuit kit, which included a full Akrapovic titanium exhaust system and an Eprom injection unit.
In 2003, an RSV Mille R Edwards Replica with a livery inspired by the Aprilia RS Cube MotoGP motorcycle ridden by Colin Edwards. as with the Haga replica, the motorcycle came with a circuit kit, which included Akrapovic exhausts, a more pressurised airbox, an Eprom injection unit and 57 mm (instead of 51 mm) throttle bodies.
1998-2003 RSV specifications.
All specifications are manufacturer claimed.

</doc>
<doc id="2895133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895133" title="Northern Command (Israel)">
Northern Command (Israel)

The Israeli Northern Command (, "Pikud Tzafon", often abbreviated to Patzan) is the Israel Defense Forces regional command responsible for the northern front with Syria and Lebanon.
History.
During the wars in the 1960s and 70s, the Northern Command was in charge of the campaigns directed against Syria on the Golan Heights and the Lebanese border. During the 1970s and 80s, it mainly faced attacks from the PLO, which was driven to southern Lebanon following Black September. Beginning with the 1982 Lebanon War, the Northern Command faced attacks from Hezbollah, a Lebanese militant group founded in 1982 to fight the Israeli occupation of Southern Lebanon. During 2000, the Northern Command completed its withdrawal from the Security Zone in southern Lebanon and was dispatched along the UN-sanctioned border. Although Israel's withdrawal from southern Lebanon has been met with UN approval, Hezbollah continues its attacks, mainly on the "Dov Mountain" area of Mount Hermon, an area occupied by Israel from Syria and which Hezbollah claims as Lebanese territory (see "Shebaa farms").
Units.
The Northern Command commands regional units from Mount Hermon in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, to Netanya, with a significant presence in the Galilee and the Golan Heights. On August 8, 2006, IDF Deputy Chief of Staff Moshe Kaplinsky was appointed to the Northern Command as "representative of the General Staff to the Northern Command," in response to criticism by the government over the Command's handling of the conflict. This, in effect, made Kaplinsky the commander of the Northern Command, with the task of supervising the Ground Forces, Air Force and Navy in Southern Lebanon. Adam was replaced by Gadi Eisencott in October.

</doc>
<doc id="2895135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895135" title="North Springfield, Missouri">
North Springfield, Missouri

North Springfield, Missouri is a former city in Greene County. It was also known as 'North Town' or 'Moon City'. The city was incorporated in 1871, a year after the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway constructed their railroad through an area north of 
Springfield instead of through Springfield itself. The main street through town was Commercial Street and its southern city limits were shared with Springfield at Division Street, named because of the division between the two cities. In 1887, Springfield and North Springfield voted to unite as one under the name of Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2895144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895144" title="Project Firestart">
Project Firestart

Project Firestart is a cinematic action/adventure game for the Commodore 64 computer system. It was designed by Jeff Tunnell and Damon Slye and published by Electronic Arts in 1989. The game features strong survival horror elements and a story with multiple paths and endings. 
IGN has called it the first "fully formed vision of survival horror as we know it today," citing its balance of action and adventure, limited ammunition, weak weaponry, vulnerable main character, feeling of isolation, storytelling through journals, graphic violence, open exploration, cut-scenes, multiple endings and use of dynamically triggered music—all of which were characteristic elements of later games in the survival horror genre. "Penny Arcade" has similarly described it as "the Survival Horror template in its entirety".
Story.
Project Firestart began on February 13, 2061, aboard the research ship "Prometheus". Financed by the System Science Foundation (SSF), an agency of the United System States (USS), the project's goal was to produce strong, durable laborers capable of helping Belters mine titanium and iridium on selected moons and asteroids.
Although the first generation genetic reshaping is extremely hazardous, it was allowed because the geneticists involved were required to follow strict safeguards guaranteeing tight control over the experiment's end product.
But the "Prometheus" no longer responds. The safeguards must have been breached. If they have, Firestart is out of control. The SSF has assigned you to clean up the mess.
Gameplay.
The game is a side-scrolling, pseudo-3D action-adventure game. The player's character can run left or right through environments, shooting enemies with his laser gun and entering doors. The game adopted a cabinet projection for giving the action greater depth, and some areas allowed for movement into and out of the background. The HUD and on-screen information is very limited, just showing the health of the main character and the amount of ammo available. 
Some of the terminals throughout the space station contain logs and journals of the personnel, which provide a history of the genetic project and thus the backstory - a revolutionary feature in 1989, which has become very common in modern videogames. Occasionally, due to a player action or at fixed points in the game, the game would pause for a cutscene featuring either the hero or the monsters.
Reception.
"Project Firestart" was generally well received by the press in 1989. The famous videogame magazine "Zzap!64" rated the game 91%, with the following comment: "Project Firestart is jam-packed with the sort of fast-paced, polished presentation and chilling atmosphere which make software epics.".
Another magazine, "PowerPlay", rated the game 78/100, describing it as "characterized by an unbelievably thick atmosphere" and at the same time criticizing its use of a disk-exchange system, which requires the player to swap the disks many times mid-game. "Computer Gaming World" noted the game succeeds outside the traditional mold of action or adventure games and said, "While the game may fail to satisfy devout action gamers because the pacing of the action is slow or doctrinaire role-players because of the lack of true interaction and character development, it is a suspenseful blend of music, graphics, decision-making, action, clues, plot, and even, romance."
Although never commercially successful, the game has an enduring cult following, and is ranked on Lemon64 as the 17th best Commodore 64 game by user votes as of 2009.
Fan remake.
This game has been remade by Erik Hogan into a 3D first person game for Windows and is available at Retro Remakes.

</doc>
<doc id="2895155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895155" title="Raiden Fighters 2">
Raiden Fighters 2

The later "Raiden Fighters 2 - 2000 Operation Hell Dive" clone runs on cheaper hardware and features notoriously inferior sound than the original. A newer single-board version was released for the US market. This version of Raiden Fighters 2 is a stand-alone version that has all fighters available immediately.
Plot.
"Raiden Fighters 2" takes place four years after the events of the first game. In the aftermath, a few surviving guerrilla groups gather under a dictator. Together, this rogue group forms a new nation and launches a salvo of attacks on the protagonist fighting forces. In response to these surprise attacks, the government recalls the previous troops into action once again, outfitted with retooled ordnance.
Gameplay.
Like most games in the shoot 'em up genre, "Raiden Fighters 2" has simplistic controls. A Fire button shoots the player craft's weaponry. A Bomb button unleashes an attack that deals massive damage to all enemy targets caught in its blast, as well as nullify enemy firepower. Bombing is most often used as a panic attack to save the player from death.
A new feature introduced in "Raiden Fighters 2" is the Hybrid Attack, available only during a two-player game. This attack is initiated by both players unleashing their charged special attacks near simultaneously while within very close proximity within each other.
Scoring has been given a significant upgrade from the first game. Medals, bonus items that increase player score, appear far more frequently in "Raiden Fighters 2".
Stages.
There are a total of seven stages, divided into three Missions. Stage environments include swamps, beaches, and high in the sky on a strafing run against very large bombers. Each of the first two Missions ends in a long boss encounter. The first two stages in these Missions are randomly ordered. The final Mission pits the player against an attack base and an experimental attack aircraft as bosses.
Fighter Craft.
The seven standard aircraft in this game are mostly overhauls of their original "Raiden Fighters" incarnations. Some craft had their secondary weapons switched around, while others had theirs revamped. The rest are new to this game, complete with new weaponry.
There are even more secret fighters available in the game. This game makes use of a time-release feature that makes more fighters available for play depending how long the arcade machine had been running since initial boot-up. Several newer single-PCB versions of the game eliminate the time-release feature outright and make all the fighters available for selection immediately. Secret ships include the Miclus (a collectible score item) and the second-player colored variation of the Raiden mk-II and Judge Spear, each with different weaponry and attributes than their counterparts.
All but two of the hidden craft in this game reappear in the sequel "Raiden Fighters Jet".
Music.
The music of "Raiden Fighters 2" is composed in the techno style with some instances of drum and bass (the theme of the boss stages). The soundtrack was composed by Go Satoh. His past works include the soundtracks of "Raiden II", parts of "Raiden DX", "Viper Phase 1", "Senkyu" ("Battle Balls" in the USA), and the first "Raiden Fighters".

</doc>
<doc id="2895158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895158" title="Casimir Ubaghs">
Casimir Ubaghs

Casimir Ubaghs (November 26, 1800 – February 15, 1875) was a Dutch Catholic theologian. He was for a quarter of a century the chief protagonist of the Ontologico-Traditionalist School of Louvain. He was born at Berg en Terblijt near Valkenburg, Netherlands.
Life.
In 1830, while professor of philosophy at the lower seminary of Rolduc, he was called to Louvain, which under his influence became a centre of Ontologism. In 1846 he undertook the editorship of the "Revue catholique", the official organ of Ontologism, in conjunction with Arnold Tits, who had taught with him at Rolduc and joined him at Louvain in 1840, and Gérard Lonay, professor at Rolduc. Nicholas-Joseph Laforet, Claessens, the Abbé Bouquillon, Père Bernard Van Loo, and others followed the doctrines of Ubaghs. But opponents soon appeared.
The "Journal historique et littéraire", founded by Pierre Kersten, kept up an incessant controversy with the "Revue catholique". Kersten was joined by Gilson, dean of Bouillon, Lupus, and others. From 1858 to 1861 the controversy raged. It was at its height when a decision of the Roman Congregation (Sept. 21, 1864) censured in Ubaghs's works a series of propositions relating to Ontologism. Already in 1843 the Congregation of the Index had taken note of five propositions and ordered Ubaghs to correct them and expunge them from his teaching, but he misunderstood the import of this first decision. When his career was ended in 1864 he had the mortification of witnessing the ruin of a teaching to which he had devoted forty years of his life. From 1864 until his death he lived in retirement. He died at Louvain.
Works.
The theories of Ubaghs are contained in a vast collection of treatises on which he expended the best years of his life. Editions followed one another as the range of his teaching widened. Ubaghs clearly affirmed the fundamental thesis of Traditionalism: the acquisition of metaphysical and moral truths is inexplicable without a primitive Divine teaching and its oral transmission. Social teaching is a natural law, a condition so necessary that without a miracle man could not, except through it, attain the explicit knowledge of truths of a metaphysical and a moral order. Teaching and language are not merely a psychological medium which favours the acquisition of these truths; their action is determinant. Hence the primordial act of man is an act of faith; the authority of others becomes the basis of certitude. The question arises: Is our adherence to the fundamental truths of the speculative and moral order blind; and, is the existence of God, which is one of them, impossible of rational demonstration? Ubaghs did not go as far as this; his Traditionalism was mitigated, a semi-Traditionalism; once teaching has awakened ideas in us and transmitted the maxims (ordo acquisitionis) reason is able and apt to comprehend them. Though powerless to discover them it is regarded as being capable of demonstrating them once they have been made known to it. One of his favourite camparisons admirably states the problem: "As the word 'view' chiefly expresses four things, the faculty of seeing, the act of seeing, the object seen, e.g. a landscape, and the drawing an artist makes of this object, so we give the name idea, which is derived from the former, chiefly to four different things: the faculty of knowing rationally, the act of rational knowledge, the object of this knowledge, the intellectual copy or formula which we make of this object in conceiving it" ("Psychologie", 5th ed., 1857, 41-42). Now, the objective idea, or object-idea (third acceptation), in other words, the intelligible which we contemplate, and contact with which produces within us the intellectual formula (notion), is "something Divine" or, rather, it is God himself. This is the core of Ontologism. The intelligence contemplates God directly and beholds in Him the truths or "objective ideas" of which our knowledge is a weak reflection. Assuredly, if Ubaghs is right, skepticism is definitively overcome. Likewise if teaching plays in the physical life the part he assigns to it, the same is true of every doctrine which asserts the original independence of reason and which Ubaghs calls Rationalism. But this so-called triumph was purchased at the cost of many errors. It is, to say the least, strange that on the one hand Ontologistic Traditionalism is based on a distrust of reason and on the other hand it endows reason with unjustifiable prerogatives. Surely it is an incredible audacity to set man face to face with the Divine essence and to attribute to his weak mind the immediate perception of the eternal and immutable verities.
Principal works.
numerous articles in the Louvain "Revue catholique"

</doc>
<doc id="2895173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895173" title="James Dearth">
James Dearth

James Dearth (born January 22, 1976) is an American football long snapper / tight end who is currently a free agent. Dearth, who attended Tarleton State University, was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the sixth round of the 1999 NFL Draft.
He has also been a member of the New York Jets, Washington Redskins, San Diego Chargers and New England Patriots.
Early years.
Dearth attended Scurry-Rosser High School in Scurry, Texas and was a student and a letterman in football. In football, he was a starter at both, quarterback and middle linebacker, and was an All-State honoree at both positions.
Professional career.
Cleveland Browns.
Dearth was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the sixth round (191st overall) of the 1999 NFL Draft.
New York Jets.
In 2001 the Jets would sign the free agent Dearth as a tight end/long snapper. In that same year he recorded a career high three receptions and a touchdown. Following the season, Dearth was relegated to long snapping duties and was a consistent part of the Jets' special teams unit until he became a free agent and was replaced by Tanner Purdum following the 2009 season.
Washington Redskins.
On August 14, 2010, Dearth would sign with the Washington Redskins. Dearth was expected to compete with the "inconsistent" Nick Sundberg. Despite Sundberg's inconsistencies he slowly progressed throughout training camp and eventually Dearth was waived on August 31, 2010 in favor of the improved Sundberg.
San Diego Chargers.
The San Diego Chargers would sign Dearth on September 15, 2010 after a hamstring injury saw long snapper David Binn placed on injured reserve. Two days later on September 17, 2010, Dearth suffered a foot injury during practice and would subsequently be placed on injured reserve before playing a game for the Chargers.
New England Patriots.
Dearth signed with the New England Patriots on August 29, 2011. He was released on September 4.
Personal.
Dearth is married to his wife, Laurie, with whom he has three children, Kaitlyn, Kendall, and Kolton. Dearth, a devout Christian, is known to be a "low-key and cordial" person. 
Dearth co-owns an Athletic Republic franchise in the Houston area with friend and former Jet running back Derrick Blaylock. The facility opened in December 2009 aiming to help young athletes prepare for professional careers.

</doc>
<doc id="2895174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895174" title="Needles and Pins">
Needles and Pins

Needles and Pins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2895180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895180" title="James Honeyman-Scott">
James Honeyman-Scott

James Honeyman-Scott (4 November 1956 – 16 June 1982), commonly referred to as "Jimmy", was an English rock guitarist, songwriter and founding member of the band The Pretenders.
With the Pretenders, Honeyman-Scott established a reputation, in the words of Allmusic, as "one of the most original and versatile guitarists of the early-'80s new wave movement." In addition to his role as lead guitarist, Honeyman-Scott co-wrote a number of songs for the band, sang back-up vocals, and played keyboards on a few tracks. The song 2000 Miles was written for him by Chrissie Hynde and released the year after his death. 
Early years and musical influences.
Honeyman-Scott, along with Pretenders bandmates Pete Farndon (bass guitar, vocals) and Martin Chambers (drums, vocals, percussion), came from Hereford, Herefordshire, England, UK. Prior to joining the Pretenders, Honeyman-Scott played in several bands, including a precursor to the Enid with Robert John Godfrey, the Hawks (Kelv Wilson, bass guitar & vocals; Dave Plowman, guitar; Stan Speak, drums), the Hot Band, and the Cheeks. Fellow members in The Cheeks included Chambers and ex-Mott the Hoople keyboardist Verden Allen, Kelv Wilson ( Bass Guitar - Vocals ). When Honeyman-Scott joined the Pretenders, he was growing vegetables and selling guitars in a music store in Widemarsh Street, Hereford, called Buzz Music.
Honeyman-Scott acknowledged a number of influences on his guitar playing (Guitar Player, 1981). Early musical influences included Cream and the Allman Brothers Band. Later, he was influenced by the lead lines and finger vibrato used by Mick Ralphs of Mott the Hoople. Honeyman-Scott also credited Nick Lowe and Elvis Costello with their "big jangly" Rickenbacker-influenced guitar sound (Guitar Player, 1981). During his tenure with the Pretenders, Dave Edmunds and Billy Bremner from Rockpile were influential, as well as Nils Lofgren and Chris Spedding.
Pretenders.
During the mid-1970s, Honeyman-Scott met future Pretenders bandmate Pete Farndon while the bassist was playing with Cold River Lady in Hereford (Melody Maker, 1979). In 1978, Farndon recruited Honeyman-Scott for a series of Pretenders rehearsals and recording sessions, and he officially joined the group that summer (New Musical Express, 1980). Chrissie Hynde recalled, "As soon as I heard Jimmy Scott, I knew I was getting close. Jimmy and I turned out to have a genuine musical affinity" (Rhino Entertainment Company, 2006).
Honeyman-Scott's role in shaping the Pretenders' sound primarily involved adding melodic lead lines to existing songs to help tie them together (Guitar Player, 1981). He recalled in the early days, "We did lots of rehearsing - seven days a week, all hours of the day and night. At first a lot of the licks were very heavy - like 'Up the Neck' started off as a reggae song. I said, 'Let's speed it up,' and put in that little guitar run. The melodic parts of the numbers really all started coming together by me putting in these little runs and licks. And then Chrissie started to like pop music, and that's why she started writing things like 'Kid'" (Guitar Player, 1981).
His style evolved during his tenure with the group: "When I joined the Pretenders I could use a lot more melodic stuff, so my style changed quite a bit. Dave Edmunds and Nick Lowe had a lot to do with it... They always seem to have nice little guitar songs that you can sing along to, and that's what I started trying to do" (Guitar Player, 1981).
In terms of style, Honeyman-Scott is perhaps best known for his inventive guitar playing with the group. His playing relied on power chords, arpeggiated or percussive rhythms, "dive bombs" live, and short hooks rather than long solos. Although he preferred short fixed patterns, he did admit he was "a lot more wild" playing live (Guitar Player, 1981).
Hynde and Honeyman-Scott have both acknowledged the influence their contrasting styles had on each other (Guitar Player, 1981; Uncut, 1999). According to Honeyman-Scott, Hynde had a unique style he adjusted to in several ways: "She does quite a bit of rhythm guitar, and I don't know anybody who plays like her. It's real distinct, and I can't count her beat half the time. Instead, I just put a little guitar line over it, like the lick in 'Tattooed Love Boys'" (Guitar Player, 1981). He joked about his other strategy: "I've never told them I can't work out their time at all! They are used to me coming in a bar too late; they think that's the way I play. But it's because I've missed where she comes in! I just bluff it and hope for the best." (Guitar Player, 1981).
Hynde later summarised his influence on her playing by saying that Honeyman-Scott was her "musical right-hand" and that "he really was the Pretenders sound. I don't sound like that. When I met him, I was this not-very melodic punky angry guitar player and singer and Jimmy was the melodic one. He brought out all the melody in me" (Uncut, 1999, p. 62). Chambers later said, "Despite everything the original band accomplished in only two albums, Jimmy and Chrissie were just starting to figure out what they were capable of as a creative team" (Rhino Entertainment Company, 2006).
In May and June 1982, Honeyman-Scott was first in Los Angeles and then in Austin, Texas, for a short visit with his wife Peggy Sue Fender (an actress/model based in Austin, Texas) whom he had married in April 1981. His wife was staying with local guitarist Mark Younger Smith at this time (FamousInterview.com). While in Austin, he became involved in his first co-production effort for an album by Stephen Doster that was never released (Austin Chronicle, 1997). He also discussed plans with Jol Dantzig for doing a side project called "The Boss Weird" that was to include possibly Elliot Easton as well (Dantzig Design Group, 2006).
During the sessions with Stephen Doster in Austin, Honeyman-Scott was called back to London for a band meeting on 14 June with Chrissie Hynde and Martin Chambers that resulted in the dismissal of Pete Farndon from the Pretenders, due to Farndon's increasing substance dependence. Two days after the dismissal of Pete Farndon, Honeyman-Scott was found dead in a girlfriend's apartment of heart failure caused by cocaine intolerance (Washington, DC "City" "Paper", 1984; "Uncut", 1999). He was 25 years old. James Honeyman-Scott is buried in the churchyard at St. Peters Church, Lyde, Herefordshire.
Legacy.
Although Honeyman-Scott died young, he influenced other well-known guitarists such as Johnny Marr, who noted that "most of all, the jingle-jangle came from James Honeyman-Scott of the Pretenders. He was the last important influence on my playing before I went out on my own. The first time I played 'Kid' with the Pretenders, I couldn't believe it. I've used that solo to warm up with every day for years" In addition, Scott is also credited with discovering the Violent Femmes, who opened for Pretenders at the Oriental Theatre in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, while the band was on tour (IO Productions, Inc., undated).
Another legacy was the effect Honeyman-Scott's death had on the Pretenders' subsequent direction and longevity. Chrissie later said, "One of the things that kept the band alive, ironically, was the death of Jimmy Scott. I felt I couldn't let the music die when he did. We'd worked too hard to get it where it was... I had to finish what we'd started" (Rhino Entertainment Company, 2006). At the group meeting on 14 June 1982, Honeyman-Scott suggested bringing Robbie McIntosh into the group in some capacity. After Honeyman-Scott's death, McIntosh became the group's lead guitarist for several years.
Discography.
Early appearances.
1974 - "Fall of Hyperion" - Robert John Godfrey
1979 - "Place Your Bets" - Tommy Morrison

</doc>
<doc id="2895182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895182" title="Michael Ronaldson">
Michael Ronaldson

Michael John Clyde Ronaldson (born 13 February 1954) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the Australian Senate since July 2005, representing the state of Victoria. Ronaldson has been the Minister for Veterans' Affairs, the Minister Assisting the Prime Minister for the Centenary of ANZAC, and the Special Minister of State in the Abbott Government since 18 September 2013.
Biography.
Ronaldson was born on 13 February 1954 in Ballarat, Victoria. He was educated at Ballarat College before attending Melbourne University, where he graduated in law. He was a barrister and solicitor before entering politics. He was a member of the Ballarat City Council 1981–87.
A member of the Liberal Party since 1980, Ronaldson was elected to the House of Representatives for the seat of Ballarat in 1990. His grandfather, Archibald Fisken, was the member for Ballarat from 1934 until 1937. He was a member of the Opposition Shadow Ministry from 1993 to 1996, being at various times Shadow Minister for Youth, Sport and Recreation, Parliamentary Secretary to the Leader of the Opposition, and Shadow Minister for Schools, Vocational Education and Training.
When the Howard government was elected in 1996 Ronaldson was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Transport and Regional Development. After the 1998 election he left the ministry and was appointed Chief Government Whip.
At the 2001 election Ronaldson retired from the House, and was reported to be in poor health. At the 2004 election, however, he was chosen to head the Liberal Senate ticket in Victoria, displacing Senator Tsebin Tchen, who was seen as a supporter of the former Premier of Victoria, Jeff Kennett.
After the Liberal/National coalition lost government at the 2007 election, Ronaldson was appointed as Shadow Special Minister of State under Brendan Nelson.
In 2008 he was promoted to the Shadow Cabinet under Malcolm Turnbull, where he continued as Shadow Special Minister of State but was given the extra role of Shadow Cabinet Secretary.
Ronaldson was re-elected at the 2010 election but was demoted to Shadow Minister for Veterans' Affairs by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott.

</doc>
<doc id="2895183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895183" title="Habsburg flag">
Habsburg flag

The Habsburg flag consists of two equal bands of black (top) and yellow, and was used in the Habsburg Empire and is also the house flag of the House of Habsburg. Its colors come from the Coat of Arms of the Holy Roman Empire: the golden field and the black, double-headed eagle.
The original form of this flag, introduced in 1686, featured a yellow background with the double-headed eagle. However, this proved to be a complicated design and was too hard to reproduce. From 1720 onward, the simpler form with the yellow and black bars started to appear. With the end of the Holy Roman Empire in 1804, this flag was approved for use as a civil flag. For naval and military uses, the newly founded Austrian Empire introduced the now-familiar red-white-red with the Austrian coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="2895195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895195" title="Greenlee Field">
Greenlee Field

Greenlee Field in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, was the first black-built and black-owned major league baseball field in the United States. 
The field was the dream of Gus Greenlee, owner of the Pittsburgh Crawfords. In 1931, construction started on Bedford Avenue between Chauncy and Duff in Pittsburgh's Hill District. The park opened on April 29, 1932, and reportedly cost $100,000. The first game was the next day, April 30, 1932 and had future hall of famers Satchel Paige pitching to catcher Josh Gibson as City Council members the Allegheny County commissioners and Mayor Kline watched from the stands. Greenlee Field held 7500 spectators and it was the home field for the Crawfords throughout the Great Depression era. The Homestead Grays also played there for a time. It was located a few blocks up Bedford Avenue from Ammon Field, home to the Pittsburgh Keystones. 
Greenlee was forced to shut out blacks from ballpark jobs during the 1938 season. This angered the team's fans, and they stayed away in droves. After the season, the Crawfords disbanded and Greenlee Field was torn down.
The Pittsburgh Steelers used the field for in-season practices during the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="2895198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895198" title="Radar picket">
Radar picket

A radar picket is a radar-equipped station, ship, submarine, aircraft, or vehicle used to increase the radar detection range around a force to protect it from surprise attack, typically air attack. Radar picket vessels may also be equipped to direct friendly fighters to intercept the enemy. In British terminology the radar picket function is called aircraft direction. Often several detached radar units encircle a force to provide increased cover in all directions.
US Navy World War II radar pickets.
Radar picket ships first came into being in the US Navy during World War II to aid in the Allied advance to Japan. The number of radar pickets was increased significantly after the first major employment of kamikaze aircraft by the Japanese in the Battle of Leyte Gulf in October 1944. "Fletcher"- and "Sumner"-class destroyers were pressed into service with few modifications at first. Later, additional radars and fighter direction equipment were fitted, along with more light anti-aircraft (AA) guns for self-defense, usually sacrificing torpedo tubes to make room for the new equipment. Deploying some distance from the force to be protected along likely directions of attack, radar pickets were the nearest ships to the Japanese airfields. Thus, they were usually the first vessels seen by incoming waves of kamikazes, and were often heavily attacked.
The radar picket system saw its ultimate development in World War II in the Battle of Okinawa. A ring of 15 radar picket stations was established around Okinawa to cover all possible approaches to the island and the attacking fleet. Initially, a typical picket station had one or two destroyers supported by two landing ships, usually landing craft support (large) (LCS(L)) or landing ship medium (rocket) (LSM(R)), for additional AA firepower. Eventually, the number of destroyers and supporting ships were doubled at the most threatened stations, and combat air patrols were provided as well. In early 1945, 26 new construction Gearing-class destroyers were ordered as radar pickets without torpedo tubes, to allow for extra radar and AA equipment, but only some of these were ready in time to serve off Okinawa. Seven destroyer escorts were also completed as radar pickets. The radar picket mission was vital, but it was also costly to the ships performing it. Out of 101 destroyers assigned to radar picket stations, 10 were sunk and 32 were damaged by kamikaze attacks. The 88 LCS(L)s assigned to picket stations had two sunk and 11 damaged by kamikazes, while the 11 LSM(R)s had three sunk and two damaged.
German and Japanese WWII radar pickets.
From 1943 the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") operated several radar-equipped night fighter guide ships ("nachtjagdleitschiffe"), including NJL "Togo". which was equipped with a FuMG A1 "Freya" radar for early warning and a "Würzburg-Riese" gun laying radar, plus night fighter communications equipment.
From October 1943, the NJL "Togo" cruised the Baltic Sea under the operational control of the "Luftwaffe". In March 1944, after the three great Soviet bombing raids on Helsinki, she arrived in the Gulf of Finland to provide night fighter cover for Tallinn and Helsinki. Also, the Imperial Japanese Navy briefly modified two Ha-101 class submarines as dedicated radar pickets in the first half of 1945, but reconverted them to an even more important role as tanker submarines in June of that year.
Cold War.
During the Cold War, the United States Navy expanded the radar picket concept. The wartime radar picket destroyers (DDR) were retained, and additional DDRs, destroyer escorts (DER), and submarines (SSR) were converted and built 1946-1955. The concept was that every carrier group would have radar pickets deployed around it for early warning of the increasing threat of Soviet Air-to-surface missile attack.
The 26 Gearing-class DDRs were supplemented by nine additional conversions during the early 1950s. The seven wartime DERs were not considered worth modernizing and were relegated to secondary roles. However, twelve additional DER conversions were performed 1954-58. Ten of these were conversions of diesel-powered DEs, which had a longer at-sea endurance than their steam-powered equivalents.
The slow DERs were used in combination with Guardian-class radar picket ships (converted Liberty ships) and Lockheed WV-2 Warning Star aircraft to extend the Distant Early Warning (DEW) line in the North Atlantic and North Pacific, to warn of Soviet bomber attacks. These assets formed two Barrier Forces known as BarLant and BarPac and operated 1955-1965. The aircraft patrolled lines extending from Argentia, Newfoundland to the Azores in the Atlantic, and from Midway to Adak, Alaska in the Pacific. The DERs maintained picket stations near these lines. The Guardian-class backed up the outer barriers with picket stations 400–500 miles from each coast. There were also three oil-rig-type offshore radar stations known as "Texas Towers" off the New England coast. While on station, all of these assets were operationally controlled by the Aerospace Defense Command.
The high casualties off Okinawa gave rise to the radar picket submarine, which had the option of diving when under attack. It was planned to employ converted radar picket submarines should the invasion of Japan become necessary. Two submarines received rudimentary radar conversions during the war, and in 1946 two more extensive conversions were performed. The radar equipment of these diesel submarines took the place of torpedoes and their tubes in the stern torpedo rooms. By 1953, a total of 10 SSR conversions had been performed, with radar suites called Migraine I, II, and III, the most extensive conversion adding a 24-foot compartment as an expanded combat information center (CIC). Also, in 1956 two large, purpose-built diesel SSRs, the "Sailfish" class, were commissioned. These were designed for a high surface speed with the intent of scouting in advance of carrier groups. However, the SSRs did not fare well in this mission. Their maximum surfaced speed of 21 knots was too slow to effectively operate with a carrier group, although it was sufficient for amphibious group operations. It was thought that nuclear power would solve this problem. The largest, most capable, and most expensive radar picket submarine was the nuclear-powered USS Triton (SSRN-586), commissioned in 1959. The longest submarine built by the United States until the Ohio-class Trident missile submarines of the 1980s, "Triton"'s two reactors allowed her to exceed 30 knots on the surface.
List of radar picket submarines.
US Atlantic Fleet
US Pacific Fleet
Converted merchant ships.
From 1955 to 1965 the United States Navy employed Guardian-class radar picket ships (converted from the former boxed aircraft transport version of the Liberty ship) to extend the DEW Line seaward. Sixteen of these were stationed on the East and West Coasts: seven at Treasure Island, California and nine at Davisville, Rhode Island. The ships' names matched the mission: "Outpost, Guardian, Lookout, Skywatcher, Searcher, Scanner, Locator, Picket," and "Interceptor" on the East Coast and "Investigator, Protector, Vigil, Interdictor, Interpreter, Tracer," and "Watchman" on the West Coast. The hull classification symbol of the ships was initially YAGR, changed to AGR in 1958. The standard crew consisted of 13 officers, eight chief petty officers, and 125 enlisted. Typical station duty was about 30–45 days out and 15 days in port.
Picket stations were about 400–500 miles off each coast and provided an overlapping radar or electronic barrier against approaching aircraft. While on station, the ships' operational control shifted from the Navy to the Air Force and NORAD. While on station, each ship stayed within a specific radius of its assigned picket station, reporting and tracking all aircraft contacts. Each ship carried qualified air controllers to direct intercept aircraft sent out to engage contacts. While on station other duties such as search and rescue, weather reporting, and miscellaneous duties were assigned. The National Marine Fisheries Service even provided fishing gear so that the crew could fish for tuna during the season, and the ships sent daily reports of fish caught for research purposes.
Replacement by aircraft.
The introduction of the Grumman WF-2 Tracer (later the E-1 Tracer) airborne early warning aircraft in 1958 doomed the radar picket as a carrier escort. Airborne radar had evolved to the point where it could warn of an incoming attack more efficiently than a surface ship. In 1961 the DDRs and SSRs were withdrawn. The DDRs received anti-submarine warfare conversions under the FRAM I program and were redesignated as DDs. The SSRs were converted to other roles or scrapped. "Triton" was left without a mission. Some alternatives were considered, including serving as an underwater national command post, but she eventually became the first US nuclear submarine to be decommissioned, in 1969. The DERs and AGRs stayed on the DEW Line patrols until 1965.
By 1965, the development of over-the-horizon radar made the barrier forces and Guardian-class radar ships obsolete. Ground-based systems then had the capability to see beyond their once state-of-the-art radar systems. The final use of the radar picket concept by the US Navy was in the Vietnam War. The Gulf of Tonkin Positive Identification Radar Advisory Zone (PIRAZ) guided missile destroyer leaders (aka frigates) (redesignated cruisers in 1975) and cruisers provided significant air control and air defense in that war.
British Aircraft Direction Ships.
The British Royal Navy constructed or converted two types of dedicated aircraft direction ships in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Four World War II Battle-class destroyers were converted 1959-1962 as Fast Air Detection Escorts to accompany fast carrier groups. Also, four Type 61 Salisbury-class frigates were commissioned 1957-1960 to accompany slow carrier or amphibious groups. However, the aircraft direction function was short-lived. With the mid-1960s decision to phase out the fast carriers, the Battle-class ships were place in reserve 1966-1968 and were scrapped or converted to non-combat roles by 1974. The Salisbury-class were relegated to non-combat roles or sold by the end of 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2895199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2895199" title="Precursors of film">
Precursors of film

Film as an art form grew out of a long tradition of literature, storytelling, narrative drama, art, mythology, puppetry and shadow play. In addition, the technology of film emerged from developments and achievements much further back in human history.
Early history.
With possible prehistoric origin due to its occurring naturally, the camera obscura was used and described by Anthemius of Tralles, and near the year 1600, it was referred to by Johannes Kepler and perfected by Giambattista della Porta. Light is inverted through a small hole or lens from outside, and projected onto a surface or screen, creating a projected moving image, indistinguishable from a projected high quality film to an audience, but it is not preserved in a recording. Tarkovsky, in Andrei Rublev, pays homage to this film precursor by including a camera obscura via a hole in the door of a medieval room.
Plays and dances had elements common to films, including scripts, sets, lighting, costumes, production, direction, actors, audiences, storyboards, and scores. They preceded film by thousands of years. Much terminology later used in film theory and criticism applied, such as mise en scene. Visual moving images and sound were not recorded for replaying as in film.
Shadow dancing, using projected light in combination with acting or dancing, is an ancient art in many world cultures, and includes projection from a light source. Puppetry, another ancient art form, shares elements with animation and claymation.
An earthen bowl found in Shahr-i Sokhta, Iran, and dating back to 3200 BC had five images of a goat painted along the sides. This is believed to be an example of early animation. In 500BC Mo-Ti, a Chinese philosopher, pondered the phenomenology of inverted light from the outside world beaming through a small hole in the opposite wall in a darkened room. A century later, Aristotle wrote of watching an image of an eclipse beamed onto the ground through a sieve.
The earliest experiments with the camera obscura were made in the 6th century by Anthemius of Tralles, a Byzantine mathematician and architect (most famous for his work in the Hagia Sophia). He carried out experiments in optics, and used a type of camera obscura.
The pinhole camera, followed by the more advanced camera obscura, was described in detail by Alhazen in his "Book of Optics" (1021), and later perfected by Giambattista della Porta. Light is inverted through a small hole or lens from outside, and projected onto a surface or screen. Using a camera obscura, it was possible to project a moving image, but there was no means of recording the image for later viewing. Leonardo da Vinci also described a structure that could produce the camera obscura effect and Reinerus Gemma-Frisius, a Dutch scientist, illustrated a large room built for the purpose of viewing eclipses in 1544. Johannes Kepler coined the term "camera obscura" in 1610, the same year that Della Porta perfected the camera obscura by using a convex lens.
Athanasius Kircher projected an image painted on glass plates with an oil lamp and a lens, his 'Magic Lantern' in 1671. Over a hundred years later, Étienne-Gaspard Robert began his revolutionary phantasmagoria show and developed the "Fantoscope", a magic lantern on wheels.
In 1740 and 1748, David Hume published "Treatise of Human Nature" and "An Enquiry concerning Human Understanding", arguing for the associations and causes of ideas with visual images, forerunners to the language of film.
Modern era.
Optics developed during the Scientific revolution with a theory of lenses. Photographic film was created in 19th century. Phonographic recording of sound was invented in 19th century.
The theory of Thaumatrope induction was presented by Peter Mark Roget in 1824 in his paper "Explanation of an optical deception in the appearance of the spokes of a wheel when seen through vertical apertures". This explained the concept called 'persistence of vision'. Two years later, the first of many gadgets to create the illusion of movement was marketed by John Ayrton Paris. The card, called the "Thaumatrope", gave an optical illusion when spun. Michael Faraday also began to experiment with visual illusions at this time, creating a revolving wheel.
Moving images were produced on revolving drums and disks in the 1830s with independent invention by Simon von Stampfer (Stroboscope) in Austria, Joseph Plateau (Phenakistoscope) in Belgium and William Horner (zoetrope) in Britain. The Zoetrope, a.k.a., the "Daedalum" was a revolving cylinder which gave the illusion of motion to the pictures inside. Charles-Émile Reynaud developed an early animation device in 1877, which he called the Praxinoscope.
Other mechanisms followed: in 1832 Joseph Plateau created the Anorthoscope and Phenakistiscope; in 1833 Simon Stampler developed the "Stroboscope"; in 1853, Franz von Uchatius invented the "Kinetiscope" which projected moving drawings; in 1861 Samuel Goodale patented a hand-turned stereoscope device which rapidly moves stereo images past a viewer; and in the same year Coleman Sellers II built the Kinematoscope - a series of stereoscopic pictures on glass plates, linked together in a chain, and mounted in a box. The simple and convenient flip book was patented in 1868 and has endured as a commercial product.
The crucial invention of celluloid was made in 1855 by Alexander Parkes, a substance he initially called Parkesine. This was marketed from 1869 by John and Isaiah Hyatt.
First motion-pictures.
The first 'motion picture' was developed by British photographer Eadweard Muybridge in 1878. Under the sponsorship of Leland Stanford, he successfully photographed a horse named "Sallie Gardner" in fast motion using a series of 24 stereoscopic cameras. The experiment took place on June 15 at the Palo Alto farm in California with the press present. The exercise was meant to determine whether a running horse ever had all four legs lifted off the ground at once. The cameras were arranged along a track parallel to the horse's, and each camera shutter was controlled by a trip wire which was triggered by the horse's hooves. They were 21 inches apart to cover the 20 feet taken by the horse stride, taking pictures at one thousandth of a second. He transferred the captured silhouettes of the horse onto a special disc that could be used to project the images onto a screen. He called the device a "zoopraxiscope," and it was effectively the first movie projector. His innovative process was an intermediate stage toward motion pictures and cinematography.
Étienne-Jules Marey invented a chronophotographic gun in 1882, which was capable of taking 12 consecutive frames a second, recording all the frames on the same picture. He used the chronophotographic gun for studying animals and human locomotion. An early projector, along similar lines to Muybridge's zoopraxiscope, was built by Ottomar Anschütz in 1887. His Electrotachyscope used 24 images on a rotating glass disk. In 1894 his invention projected moving images in Berlin.
As a result of the work of Eadweard Muybridge and Étienne-Jules Marey, researchers in the late 19th century began to realize that motion picture capture and display was a distinct practical possibility.
The Frenchman Louis Le Prince began work on such a project in the 1880s, while working in Leeds, England. Le Prince had been inspired by Muybridge's pioneering experiments, and he patented his first invention, a 16 lens camera, in 1887. The first 8 lenses would be triggered in rapid succession by an electromagnetic shutter on the sensitive film; the film would then be moved forward allowing the other 8 lenses to operate on the film. Although the camera was capable of 'capturing' motion, it wasn't a complete success because each lens photographed the subject from a slightly different viewpoint and thus the projected image jumped about.
By May 1887, after much trial and error, Le Prince was finally able to develop and patent the first single lens camera in 1888, leading to the birth of the modern motion-picture film over the next decade. Le Prince shot the first sequences of moving film in the world, what would become known as "Roundhay Garden Scene", shot on October 14, 1888 in Roundhay, Leeds.

</doc>
