<doc id="2870773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870773" title="Medicare Part D">
Medicare Part D

Medicare Part D, also called the Medicare prescription drug benefit, is a United States federal-government program to subsidize the costs of prescription drugs and prescription drug insurance premiums for Medicare beneficiaries in the United States. It was enacted as part of the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 (which also made changes to the public Part C Medicare health plan program) and went into effect on January 1, 2006. 
Program specifics.
Eligibility and enrollment.
Individuals on Medicare are eligible for prescription drug coverage under a Part D plan if they are signed up for benefits under Medicare Part A and/or Part B. Beneficiaries obtain the Part D drug benefit through two types of plans administered -- as are Medicare Parts A and B -- by private insurance companies: the beneficiaries can join a standalone Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) for drug coverage only or they can join a public Part C health plan that jointly covers all hospital and medical services covered by Medicare Part A and Part B at a minimum, and typically covers additional healthcare costs not covered by Medicare Parts A and B including prescription drugs (MA-PD). (NOTE: Medicare beneficiaries need to be signed up for both Parts A and B to select Part C.) About two-thirds of all Medicare beneficiaries are enrolled directly in Part D or get Part-D-like benefits through a public Part C Medicare Advantage health plan. Another large group of Medicare beneficiaries get prescription drug coverage under plans offered by former employers.
Generally, not all drugs are covered at the same out of pocket cost to the beneficiary. This gives participants incentives to choose certain drugs over others. This is most often implemented -- as is the case for drug coverage for those not on Medicare -- through incentives to use generic drugs over brand-name drugs. The incentive is also often implemented via a system of tiered formularies in which some brand-name drugs are less expensive than others and not subject to step therapy.
Medicare beneficiaries must enroll in a Part C or Part D plan to participate in the Federal-government-subsidized drug program. They can enroll directly through the plan's administrator, or indirectly via an insurance broker or the exchange run by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) for this purpose; the beneficiary's subsidy and other assistance payments and rights are the same no matter which enrollment channel they choose. Beneficiaries already on a plan can choose a different plan or choose to drop Part C or Part D during an annual enrollment period or during multiple other times during the year. Currently, the annual enrollment period lasts from October 15 to December 7 of each year. Low-income seniors on Social Security Extra Help/LIS and many middle income seniors on state pharmaceutical assistance programs can choose a different plan or drop Part C or Part D (or join Part C or Part D plan for that matter) as often as once a month. Other special enrollment circumstances apply.
Medicare beneficiaries who were eligible for but did not enroll in a Part D when they were first eligible and later want to enroll, pay a late-enrollment penalty, basically a premium surtax, if they did not have creditable coverage through another source such as an employer or the U.S. Veterans Administration. This penalty is equal to 1% of the national premium index times the number of full calendar months that they were eligible for but not enrolled in Part D and did not have creditable coverage through another source. The penalty raises the premium of Part D for beneficiaries, when and if they elect coverage.
Enrollment in Part D as of April 2010 was 27.6 million beneficiaries. In 2012, enrollment exceeded 31 million including both those on standalone Part D and those counted as being on Part D because their Part C plan includes Part-D-like drug coverage or a former employer receives a Part D subsidy. The latter two groups lack the same freedom of choice that the standalone Part D group has because they must use the Part D plan chosen by the Part C plan's administrator or their former employer.
In 2010, there were 1,576 stand-alone Part D plans available, down from 1,689 plans in 2009. The number of available plans varied by region. The lowest was 41 (Alaska & Hawaii) and the highest was 55 (Pennsylvania & West Virginia). This allows participants to choose a plan that best meets their individual needs. The number of plans varies yearly and differs from county to county across the United States. Although the number of plans available has been trending down since 2009, almost all counties offer choices.
Plan administrators are required to offer at least the "standard" minimum benefit or one actuarially equivalent, or they may offer more generous benefits. This previous sentence relates to how the administrator of the drug insurance designs the deductible/co-pay/formulary/donut-hole/pharmacy-preference aspects of each plan and has no direct relevance to the beneficiary. Each plan is approved by the CMS before being marketed.
Medicare has made available an interactive online tool called the Medicare Plan Finder that allows for comparison of coverage and costs for all plans in a geographic area. The tool allows one to enter a list of medications along with pharmacy preferences and Social-Security-Extra-Help/LIS and related status. It can show the beneficiary's total annual costs for each plan along with a detailed breakdown of the plans' monthly premiums, deductibles, and prices for each drug during each phase of the benefit design. Plans are required to update this site with current prices and formulary information every other week throughout the year.
Costs to beneficiaries.
Beneficiary cost sharing (deductibles, coinsurance, etc.).
The Medicare Modernization Act (MMA) established a standard drug benefit that all Part D plans must offer. The standard benefit is defined in terms of the benefit structure and not in terms of the drugs that must be covered. For example, in 2013, the standard benefit required payment by the beneficiary of a $325 deductible, then required 25% coinsurance payment by the beneficiary of drug costs up to an initial coverage limit of $2,970 (the full retail cost of prescriptions). Once this initial coverage limit is reached, the beneficiary had to pay the full cost of his/her prescription drugs up until the total out-of-pocket expenses reached $4,750 (excluding premiums and any expense paid by the insurance company) minus a 52.5% discount in this gap, infamously referred to as the "Donut Hole". Once the beneficiary reaches the Out-of-Pocket Threshold, he or she becomes eligible for catastrophic coverage. During catastrophic coverage, he or she pays the greater of 5% coinsurance, or $2.65 for generic drugs and $6.60 for brand-named drugs. The catastrophic coverage amount is calculated on a yearly basis, and a beneficiary who reaches catastrophic coverage by the end of the benefit year will start his or her deductible anew at the beginning of the next benefit year. Although uncommon, not all benefit years coincide with the calendar year. The donut-hole and catastrophic-coverage thresholds dropped slightly in 2014.
The standard benefit is not the most common benefit mix offered by Part D plans. Only 11 percent of PDPs in 2010 offered the defined standard benefit described above. Plans vary widely in their formularies and cost-sharing requirements. Most eliminate the deductible and use tiered drug co-payments rather than coinsurance. The only out-of-pocket costs that count toward getting out of the coverage gap and into catastrophic coverage are True Out-Of-Pocket (TrOOP) expenditures. TrOOP expenditures accrue only when drugs on plan's formulary are purchased in accordance with the restrictions on those drugs. Monthly premium payments do not count towards TrOOP.
Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, the effect of the "Donut Hole" coverage gap will be gradually reduced through a combination of measures including brand-name prescription drug discounts, generic drug discounts, and a gradual increase in the percentage of Out-of-Pocket costs covered while in the donut hole. The "Donut Hole" will continue to exist after 2020 but its effect will be changed in some way yet to be determined because plan administrators will have to treat out of pocket costs below the catastrophic level the same whether or not the insured is in the donut hole or not. That is, under the "standard benefit" design all prescriptions in all tiers could be subject to a 25% co-pay whereas as of 2014 hundreds of drugs in Tier 1 are available with no co-pay.
Most plans use specialty drug tiers, and some have a separate benefit tier for injectable drugs. Beneficiary cost sharing can be higher for drugs in these tiers.
Beneficiary premiums.
The average (weighted) monthly premium paid by the beneficiary for PDPs was $35.09 in 2009, which is an increase from $29.89 in 2008. Premiums were projected to increase to $38.94 for 2010 as well. In 2014, the average is around $30 a month. The average premium is a misleading statistic because it averages the premiums offered, not the premiums paid. Most insurers offer a very low cost plan (e.g., $15 a month) that few choose. This lowers the average but does not truly reflect what is happening in the market. 
In 2007, eight percent of beneficiaries enrolled in a PDP chose one with some gap coverage. Among beneficiaries in MA-PD plans, enrollment in plans offering gap coverage was 33% (up from 27% in 2006). Premiums are significantly higher for plans with gap coverage. These plans are becoming less common as the gap closes as described above. In addition the combination of the fact that beneficiaries on Social Security Extra Help/LIS were never affected by the gap and the fact that many state pharmaceutical assistance programs protected middle income seniors in the gap is the reason this gap benefit was never especially popular. 
Major Part D plan sponsors are dropping their more expensive options, and developing lower cost ones.
Low-income subsidies and Middle-income help.
One option for those struggling with drug costs is the low-income subsidy. Beneficiaries with income below 150% poverty are eligible for the low-income subsidy, which helps pay for all or part of the monthly premium, annual deductible, and drug co-payments. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) estimated that 12.5 million Part D beneficiaries were eligible for low-income subsidies in 2009.
The subsidy award is given a level with the following effects for the 2013 benefit year:
Probably the most important benefits of Social Security Extra Help/LIS other than "free" is the fact that the beneficiary has no exposure to "donut hole" costs and can change plans monthly if desired. In addition, in many states, state pharmaceutical assistance programs provide similar protection in the gap to middle-income seniors and allow beneficiaries to change plans one other time during the year in addition to the annual enrollment/re-enrollment period.
Excluded drugs.
While CMS does not have an established formulary, Part D drug coverage excludes drugs not approved by the Food and Drug Administration, those prescribed for off-label use, drugs not available by prescription for purchase in the United States, and drugs for which payments would be available under Parts A or B of Medicare.
Part D coverage excludes drugs or classes of drugs which may be excluded from Medicaid coverage. These may include:
While these drugs are excluded from basic Part D coverage, drug plans can include them as a supplemental benefit, provided they otherwise meet the definition of a Part D drug. However plans that cover excluded drugs are not allowed to pass on those costs to Medicare, and plans are required to repay CMS if they are found to have billed Medicare in these cases. As of January 1, 2013, Medicare Part D plans may now cover all benzodiazepines and those barbiturates used in the treatment of epilepsy, cancer or a chronic health disorder. These two drug classes were originally excluded under the MMA of 2003, until their reassignment in 2008 by the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act.
Plan formularies.
Part D plans are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs. They establish their own formularies, or list of covered drugs for which they will make payment, as long as the formulary and benefit structure are not found by CMS to discourage enrollment by certain Medicare beneficiaries. Part D plans that follow the formulary classes and categories established by the United States Pharmacopoeia will pass the first discrimination test. Plans can change the drugs on their formulary during the course of the year with 60 days notice to affected parties.
Typically, each Plan's formulary is organized into tiers, and each tier is associated with a set copay amount. Most formularies have between 3 and 5 tiers. The lower the tier, the lower the copay amount. For example, Tier 1 might include all of the Plan's preferred generic drugs, and each drug within this tier might have a copay of $5–10 per prescription. Tier 2 might include the Plan's preferred brand drugs with a copay of $40–$50, while Tier 3 may be reserved for non-preferred brand drugs which are covered by the plan at a higher copay level - perhaps $70–$100. Tiers 4 and higher typically contain specialty drugs, which have the highest copays because they are generally quite expensive.
The Plan's tiered copay amounts for each drug only generally apply during the initial period before the coverage gap.
The primary differences between the formularies of different Part D plans relate to the coverage of brand-name drugs. Nine out of the ten plans with the highest enrollment increased the number of drugs on their formularies in 2007. Plans have generally made fewer changes for 2008. One exception is SilverScript (Caremark Rx), which significantly increased the number of drugs on its 2008 formulary.
Number of participants.
At the start of the program in January 2006, it was expected that eleven million people would be covered by Medicare Part D; of those, six million would be dual eligible. About two million people who were covered by employers would likely lose their employee benefits.
As of January 30, 2007, nearly 24 million individuals were receiving prescription drug coverage through Medicare Part D (PDPs and MA-PDs combined), according to CMS. There are other methods of receiving drug coverage when enrolled in Medicare, including the Retiree Drug Subsidy. Federal retiree programs such as TRICARE and Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP) or alternative sources, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs. Including people in these categories, more than 39 million Americans are covered for prescriptions by the Federal government.
As of April 2006, the primary private insurance plans providing Medicare Part D coverage were UnitedHealth with 3.8 million subscribers, or 27 percent of the total, Humana with 2.4 million, or 18 percent, and WellPoint with 1 million, or 7 percent. Companies with the next largest shares were MemberHealth, with 924,100 subscribers (7 percent); WellCare Health Plans, with 849,700 (6 percent); and Coventry Health Care, with 596,100 (4 percent). CMS offers updated enrollment numbers on their website.
Program costs.
As of the end of year 2008, the average annual per beneficiary cost spending for Part D, reported by the Department of Health and Human Services, was $1,517, making the total expenditures of the program for 2008 $49.3 (billions). Projected net expenditures from 2009 through 2018 are estimated to be $727.3 billion. 
From a budget perspective, Part D is effectively three different programs. Based on 2012 budget numbers:
1. About $26 billion is spent for the about 10,000,000 low-income Medicare beneficiaries (20% of those on Medicare) mentioned above and the drug costs of some of the people on Part C. This expense was previously (before Part D was implemented in 2006) mostly covered by Medicaid, the VA, and state pharmaceutical assistance programs. This is not a new expense to the government as of the implementation of Part D.
2. About $20 billion is premium support that allows about 10,000,000 middle-income Medicare beneficiaries and the rest of the people on Part C (about half of those on Medicare altogether) get drug coverage. After the first five years of Part D, government-accountability-office research shows that this expense in the Part D budget actually appears to be holding down other Medicare Part costs related to provider services. Although it is much too early to tell, because people are better at taking their medications the middle-income portion of the Part D program my actually pay for itself in the long term.
3. About $13 billion of the Part D budget covers re-insurance for catastrophic drug costs as described above. Part D pays 95% of costs over about $6000 out of pocket a year at retail. This part of the budget helps about 1% of the people on Medicare who are -- obviously -- very ill
Cost utilization.
Medicare Part D Cost Utilization Measures refer to limitations placed on medications covered in a specific insurer's formulary for a prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage with prescription drug coverage. Cost utilization consists of techniques that are implemented to reduce the cost to insurers. The three main cost utilization measures are quantity limits, prior authorization, and step therapy.
Quantity limits refer to the maximum amount of a medication that may be dispensed during a given calendar period. For example, a Medicare Part D plan may dictate that it will only cover 90 pills of a given drug within a 30-day period.
A prior authorization requirement is a measure that requires a health care worker to receive formal approval from a plan before it will cover a specific drug. This may be used by insurers for drugs that are often misused or used inappropriately. Prior authorization also helps ensure that patients receive correct medications.
Step therapy is a process whereby a plan requires an individual to try, and prove ineffective, one or more specified lower cost drugs before a higher cost drug in the same therapeutic class is approved.
Impact on beneficiaries.
One study published in April 2008 found that the percentage of Medicare beneficiaries who reported forgoing medications due to cost dropped after the implementation of Medicare Part D, from 15.2 percent in 2004 and 14.1 percent in 2005 to 11.5 percent in 2006. The percentage who reported skipping other basic necessities to pay for drugs also dropped, from 10.6 percent in 2004 and 11.1 in 2005 to 7.6 percent in 2006. Among the very sickest beneficiaries there was no reduction in the percentage who reported skipping medications, but fewer reported forgoing other necessities to pay for their medicines.
A second study appearing in the same issue of JAMA found that not only did Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in Part D still skip doses or switch to cheaper drugs, many do not understand the program. Another study found that the Medicare Part D prescription benefit resulted in modest increases in average drug utilization and decreases in average
out-of-pocket expenditures among Part D beneficiaries Further studies by the same group of researchers indicate that the net impact of Medicare Part D among beneficiaries is a decrease in the use of generic drugs, which is consistent with economic theory, and shows how assessing Medicare Part D is complex.
A further study concludes that although there was a substantial reduction in out-of-pocket costs and a moderate increase in medication utilization among Medicare beneficiaries during the first year after Part D, there was no evidence of improvement in emergency department use, hospitalizations, or preference-based health utility for those eligible for Part D during its first year of implementation. It was also found that there were no significant changes in trends in the dual eligibles' out-of-pocket expenditures, total monthly expenditures, pill-days, or total number of prescriptions due to Part D.
Criticisms.
By the design of the program, the federal government is not permitted to negotiate prices of drugs with the drug companies, as federal agencies do in other programs. The Department of Veterans Affairs, which is allowed to negotiate drug prices and establish a formulary, has been estimated to pay between 40% and 58% less for drugs, on average, than Medicare Part D. For example, the VA pays as little as $782.44 for a year's supply of Lipitor (atorvastatin) 20 mg, while the Medicare pays between $1120 and $1340 on Part D plans. 
Estimating how much money could be saved if Medicare had been allowed to negotiate drug prices, economist Dean Baker gives a "most conservative high-cost scenario" of $332 billion between 2006 and 2013 (approximately $50 billion a year), and a "middle cost scenario" of $563 billion in savings "for the same budget window".
Former Congressman Billy Tauzin, R-La., who steered the bill through the House, retired soon after and took a $2 million a year job as president of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), the main industry lobbying group. Medicare boss Thomas Scully, who threatened to fire Medicare Chief Actuary Richard Foster if he reported how much the bill would actually cost, was negotiating for a new job as a pharmaceutical lobbyist as the bill was working through Congress. A total of 14 congressional aides quit their jobs to work for the drug and medical lobbies immediately after the bill's passage.
In response, the Manhattan Institute, a free-market think tank, which, according to the Capital Research Center, receives funding from a large number of private interests including pharmaceutical companies, issued a report by Frank Lichtenberg, a business professor at Columbia University, that said the VA National Formulary excludes many new drugs. Only 38% of drugs approved in the 1990s and 19% of the drugs approved since 2000 are on the formulary. He also argues that the life expectancy of veterans "may have declined" as a result.
Paul Krugman disagreed, comparing patients in the Medicare Advantage plans, which are administered by private contractors with a subsidy of 11% over traditional Medicare, to the VA system: mortality rates in Medicare Advantage plans are 40% higher than mortality of elderly veterans treated by the V.A., said Krugman, citing the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission.
In 2012, the plan requires Medicare beneficiaries whose total drug costs reach $2,930 to pay 100% of prescription costs until $4,700 is spent out of pocket. (The actual threshold amounts will change year-to-year and plan-by-plan, and many plans offer limited coverage during this phase.) This coverage gap is known as the "Donut Hole." While this coverage gap will not affect the majority of program participants, about 25% of beneficiaries enrolled in standard plans find themselves in this gap. However, the Washington Post reports that upwards of 80% of enrollees are satisfied with their coverage, despite the fact that nearly half had chosen plans that do not cover the "donut hole." Medical researchers say that patient satisfaction surveys are a poor way to evaluate medical care. Most respondents aren't sick, so they don't need medical care, so they're usually satisfied. The only respondents who can evaluate care are respondents who are sick, who are usually a minority.
Critics, such as Ron Pollack, the executive director of Families USA, said in late 2006 that even the satisfied enrollees wouldn't be so satisfied the next year when the prices go up. However, a survey released by the AARP in November 2007 found that 85% of enrollees reported being satisfied with their drug plan, and 78% said that they had made a good choice in selecting their plan.
According to a January 2006 article by Trudy Lieberman of Consumers Union, consumers can have up to 50 choices, in hundreds of combinations of deductibles, co-insurance (the percentage consumers pay for each drug); drug utilization techniques (trying cheaper drugs first); and drug tiers, each with their own co-payments (the flat amount consumers pay for each drug). Co-payments differ on whether people buy generic drugs, preferred brands, non-preferred brands or specialty drugs, and whether they buy from an in-network or out-of-network pharmacy. There is no standard nomenclature, so sellers can call the plan anything they want. They can also cover whatever drugs they want.
As a candidate, Barack Obama proposed "closing the 'doughnut hole'" in , and subsequently proposed a plan to reduce costs for recipients from 100% to 50% of these expenses. The cost of the plan would be borne by the drug manufacturers for name-brand drugs and by the government for generics.
Some enrollees criticize the Medicare Plan Finder as complex to use , especially for many Medicare beneficiaries who have limited computer skills and Internet access. While the use of this tool is essential for people to make an informed choice based on actual costs for each plan, it provides no benefit for those dual eligibles who are assigned to plans randomly. However, dual eligibles have the right to switch plans every month in order to enroll in a plan that better meets their prescriptions needs and for beneficiaries that aren't dual-eligible, most health insurance agents and brokers or social workers can help find the best plan for those individuals. CMS funds a national program of counselors to assist all Medicare beneficiaries, including duals, with their plan choices. The program is called State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP).

</doc>
<doc id="2870776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870776" title="William Swinburne">
William Swinburne

William Swinburne (1805 – 1883) was a pioneering builder of steam locomotives in the United States.
Swinburne was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1805. By 1833 he had moved to Paterson, New Jersey, where, in 1837 he was employed by Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor as a pattern maker. He left Rogers employ in 1845 to form his own company, Swinburne, Smith and Company, in a partnership with Samuel Smith. Swinburne's company did not survive the Panic of 1857 and was reorganized in 1858 as the New Jersey Locomotive and Machine Company.
After leaving the locomotive manufacturing trade, Swinburne held a number of public offices in Paterson until his death in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="2870780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870780" title="8×60mm S">
8×60mm S

The 8x60mm S (the S means it is intended for 8.2 mm (.323 in) groove diameter bullets) is an uncommon rimless bottlenecked centerfire cartridge of German origin, dating back to the interbellum period between World War I and World War II. As is customary in European cartridges the 8 denotes the 8 mm bullet caliber and the 60 denotes the 60 mm (2.362 in) case length. The 8x60mm S can, due to its 83.6 mm (3.291 in) overall length, easily be chambered in standard sized Mauser 98 bolt action rifles.
History.
After World War I, the Allied forces signed the Treaty of Versailles. This Treaty prohibited the use of standard military weapons and ammunition by Germany. However, civilian hunters didn't want to give up on this great round, so a new cartridge was designed by the German arms manufacturer Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken (DWM). Extending the 7.92x57mm Mauser cartridge case by 3 mm (2 mm of lengthened body plus 1 mm of lengthened neck) created the 8x60mm S. The 8x60mm S bullet diameter is 8.20 mm (.323 in) as found in the 8x57mm IS.
The new cartridge used the same bullet and therefore only the chamber of the rifle had to be modified (reamed out by 2 mm plus 1 mm of neck extension) to accommodate the slightly longer case. This operation was easily performed on Gewehr 98 and Karabiner 98k rifles.
8x60mm.
Since this chamber reaming operation is also possible for earlier I-bore rifles, 8x60mm chambered rifles (without the S or any other further additions) also exist. 8x60mm rifles sport the earlier tighter 8.07 mm (.318 in) I-bore as found in the 8x57mm I.
"To avoid potentially serious accidents, it is important to distinguish clearly between cartridges loaded for these two different bullet diameters, and only fire them in appropriately chambered/barrelled rifles."
Cartridge dimensions.
The 8x60mm S has 4.16 ml (64 grains) H2O cartridge case capacity. A sign of the era in which the 8x60mm S was developed are the gently sloped shoulders. The exterior shape of the case was designed to promote reliable case feeding and extraction in bolt-action rifles, under extreme conditions.
8x60mm S maximum C.I.P. cartridge dimensions. All sizes in millimeters (mm).
Americans would define the shoulder angle at alpha/2 ≈ 14.1 degrees. The common rifling twist rate for this cartridge is 240 mm (1 in 9.45 in), 4 grooves, Ø lands = 7.89 mm, Ø grooves = 8.20 mm, land width = 4.40 mm and the primer type is large rifle.
According to the official with C.I.P. (Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives) guidelines the 8x60mm S case can handle up to 405 MPa (58740 psi) piezo pressure. In C.I.P. regulated countries every rifle cartridge combo has to be proofed at 125% of this maximum C.I.P. pressure to certify for sale to consumers.
Contemporary use.
Mostly Mauser Gewehr 98 and Karabiner 98k rifles were rechambered for this caliber. Other rifles, not rarely based on the Mauser action, were chambered for this cartridge too.
The 8x60mm S offers compared to its parent cartridge, the 8x57mm IS, about 1 to 2% extra muzzle velocity due to its slightly larger case capacity and higher maximum operating pressure. This results in a flatter trajectory and better performance at longer range.
The popularity of the 8x60mm S peaked just after World War I and continued throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Today the cartridge is almost obsolete. No or very few rifles are produced for this round. Only two mainstream manufacturers (RWS and Prvi Partizan), along with some other smaller companies like Nolasco and Sologne, continue to produce the cartridge for hunting.
Loaded with short light bullets it can be used on small European game like roe deer and chamois. Loaded with long heavy bullets it can be used on big European game like boar, red deer, moose and brown bear. The 8x60mm S offers very good penetrating ability due to a fast twist rate that enables it to fire long, heavy bullets with a high sectional density. The 8x60mm S can be used in countries which ban civil use of former or current military ammunition. The 8x60mm S rimmed sister cartridge, the 8x60mm RS, is also not popular in central Europe for the same reasons as the 8x60mm S.
The 8x60mm S is very popular in European countries like France where the possession of rifles in their original military caliber is tightly regulated: It allows French licensed gun owners to possess rifles based on the Mauser Gewehr 98 system under the less constraining "hunting rifle" category.
The also rare 8x64mm S cartridge offers a comparable rechambering option for Mauser Gewehr 98 and Karabiner 98k rifles sporting 8 mm S-bores. Due to its larger case capacity the 8x64mm S chambering offers better ballistic performance than the 8x60mm S.
Handloaders can also produce this round, by altering a .30-06 Springfield case and using a standard 8 mm bullet. Prvi Partizan is a major supplier of brass components for European 8x60mm S Handloaders.

</doc>
<doc id="2870788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870788" title="Trans-2-Phenyl-1-cyclohexanol">
Trans-2-Phenyl-1-cyclohexanol

"trans"-2-Phenyl-1-cyclohexanol is an organic compound. The two enantiomers of this compound are used in organic chemistry as chiral auxiliaries.
Preparation.
The enantioselective synthesis was accomplished by J. K. Whitesell by adding Pseudomonas fluorescens lipase to racemic "trans"-2-phenylcyclohexyl chloroacetate. This enzyme is able to hydrolyze the ester bond of the (-) enantiomer but not the (+) enantiomer. The (-)-cyclohexanol and the (+)-ester are separated by fractional crystallization and the isolated (+)-ester hydrolyzed to the (+)-cyclohexanol in a separate step.
The enantiomers have also been prepared by the Sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylation of 1-phenylcyclohexene to the diol followed by the selective reduction of the 1-hydroxyl group by Raney nickel.

</doc>
<doc id="2870799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870799" title="Jenny Wren">
Jenny Wren

"Jenny Wren" is a song from Paul McCartney's 2005 album "Chaos and Creation in the Backyard". It was released 21 November 2005 as the second single from the album in the United Kingdom.
Background.
"Jenny Wren" was written in Los Angeles, and is about a character of the same name from Charles Dickens' novel "Our Mutual Friend". It also refers to a bird known as the wren, which is reported to be McCartney's favourite. McCartney wrote the tune in the same sort of finger picking style found in "Blackbird", "Mother Nature's Son" ("The Beatles") and "Calico Skies" ("Flaming Pie"). The song earned a nomination for the 2007 Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance category.
The solo is played on an Armenian woodwind instrument, called duduk — a first in pop music history — played by Venezuelan born, world winds specialist & multi-instrumentalist Pedro Eustache. The guitar is tuned down a whole step for the song, providing a unique sound that reflects McCartney's earlier works.
Recording.
The song was recorded in October 2004, with duduk overdub added in a separate session on 25th of the same month.
Covers and References.
The song has been covered by several artists, such as the Norwegian jazz trio SOLID! who recorded an instrumental version on their 2008 release "Happy Accidents" (AIM Records).
In the 2006 movie "Failure to Launch", the name of Tripp's wooden boat is Jennie Wren.
Chart positions.
"Jenny Wren" charted at #22 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2870802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870802" title="Air taxi">
Air taxi

An air taxi is an air charter passenger or cargo aircraft which operates on an on-demand basis. 
In 2001, air taxi operations were popularized in the United States by a NASA and aerospace industry study on the potential Small Aircraft Transportation System (SATS) and the rise of light-jet aircraft manufacturing.
Regulation.
In Canada, air taxi operations are regulated by Transport Canada under Canadian Aviation Regulation 703. The Canadian definition of air taxi includes all commercial single engined aircraft, multi-engined helicopters flown by day visual flight rules by one pilot and all multi-engined, non-turbo-jet aircraft, with a maximum take-off weight or less and nine or fewer passenger seats, that are used to transport people or goods or for sightseeing.
In the United States, air taxi and air charter operations are governed by Part 135 of the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR), unlike the larger scheduled air carriers which are governed by more stringent standards of FAR Part 121.

</doc>
<doc id="2870812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870812" title="Five cents John Kennedy">
Five cents John Kennedy

The five cents John Kennedy is the first United States postage stamp to pay tribute to President John Fitzgerald Kennedy. It was issued May 29, 1964 for his 47th birthday, with a first day of issue cancellation in his hometown of Boston, Massachusetts.
The overall shape of the stamp is a horizontal rectangle, of a size standard for the time. The design consists of two side-by-side squares, the left one with a depiction of the John F. Kennedy Eternal Flame, the right one with a portrait of Kennedy adapted from a photograph taken in 1958 by Bill Murphy for "The Los Angeles Times". Textual inscriptions form a frame around the central design, and include a quotation from Kennedy's 1961 inaugural address "... And the glow from that fire can truly light the world.", along with Kennedy's full name and the years of his birth and death. The required "U.S. POSTAGE" inscription is positioned inconspicuously in small letters vertically next to the Eternal Flame, while the denomination is in the frame text. The stamp is in a single blue-gray color.
Soon after the assassination of President Kennedy, the United States Post Office Department decided to issue a postage stamp to be issued on his next birthday. This was a challenging deadline, requiring the stamp to be designed, approved by the late President's widow, Jacqueline Kennedy, and printed in large quantities in just a few months (it was estimated that two million first day covers would need to be available).
The first proposals of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing were turned down in December 1963 and in early January 1964. The decision was then made to call in the Loewy/Snaith design firm. Raymond Loewy accepted the stamp design project more for the firm's reputation than for money; the firm earned $500 for this project, a small and symbolic amount considering the amount of work involved.
Over the next three months, Loewy's designers worked on the project. To maintain secrecy, Loewy locked the papers and projects in his safe every day, putting his thumb's fingerprint on them.
Finally, Mrs. Kennedy was consulted, choosing both the design proposal and its color, a blue-gray similar to that used in the interior of Air Force One.

</doc>
<doc id="2870815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870815" title="Robert Szasz">
Robert Szasz

Robert Szasz, also known as The Happy Heckler, is a real estate developer and has been a well-known heckler at Tampa Bay Rays baseball games for several seasons.
A native of Toronto, Ontario, Szasz relocated to Florida in 1984 and resides in Clearwater, Florida. He held season tickets for the then-Devil Rays from 2000 until the end of the 2008 season, sitting in club seats behind home plate at Tropicana Field. He would choose one player from the opposing team to insult during a game or series, waiting until the player stepped into the batter's box before shouting a barrage of insults regarding the player's playing ability. Between the typically small and quiet crowds at Devil Rays game during the early 2000s and his booming voice, Szasz's heckling was often heard on television and radio broadcasts of the team's games.
Szasz's heckling visibly rattled players on multiple occasions. He once heckled the Mariners' Bret Boone so viciously that when Boone struck out, he threw down his batting helmet and started yelling back at Szasz. In another instance, outfielder José Guillén offered Szasz an autographed baseball bat if he would stop heckling him in a game. Szasz says he didn't heckle with profanity, nor did he insult a player about a personal thing such as weight or height. He says he tried to only heckle a player on their baseball ability. Although rare, Szasz also heckled opposing pitchers.
Szasz became a controversial figure. Some fans, television viewers, and media that covered the Rays complained about his volume and abrasiveness, while others enjoyed his heckling. In any case, he became one of the more famous fans in Tampa Bay Rays baseball history, and was known throughout the American League.
In 2008, Szasz released a book entitled "The Happy Heckler". In 2009, banks filed several lawsuits against him for defaulting on more than $9 million in loans that he personally signed for, and Wachovia Bank foreclosed on his waterfront home on Snell Isle. Szasz did not renew his Rays season tickets for 2009 and was not heard heckling in Tropicana Field again until April 30, 2012 during a game against the Seattle Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="2870826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870826" title="The Review of Communication">
The Review of Communication

The Review of Communication is a peer-reviewed online academic journal which is published by Routledge for the National Communication Association. It publishes scholarship that advances the discipline of communication through the study of major themes that cross the disciplinary sub-fields. The current editor is Pat J. Gehrke.

</doc>
<doc id="2870830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870830" title="Brother's Keeper (1992 film)">
Brother's Keeper (1992 film)

"Brother's Keeper" is a 1992 documentary directed by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky. The film is about an alleged 1990 murder in the village of Munnsville, New York. The film is in the "Direct Cinema" style of the Maysles brothers, who had formerly employed Berlinger and Sinofsky. 
The film contrasts two groups of society; people from rural areas and those from larger cities. It also exhibits how the media flocked to the town to cover the story.
This movie displays two completely opposite views of the Ward brothers. One opinion is that of the locals, who defend the Ward brothers as simple country folk. The other is that of the press, who stereotype the brothers as uneducated hicks.
The Ward sister was not featured in this film because of her death in the 1980s. However, her daughter Pat makes an appearance in the DVD's special features.
The Ward brothers.
In a rural farming community near Syracuse, New York, four brothers lived in a dilapidated house. William Jay (1925-1990), Adelbert (known as Delbert), Lyman, and Roscoe Ward were barely literate, had no formal education, and farmed land that had been in their family for generations.
William's death.
William Ward, who had been ill for years, was found dead one morning. Delbert was accused of killing him, perhaps by smothering. The prosecution's theory at trial was that Delbert had performed a mercy killing in order to put William out of his misery after a period of severe headaches and declining health. As the film progresses, it is revealed that during the coroner's examination of William's body, semen was found on clothing and on William's leg, leading to the suggestion that Delbert had killed William in an episode of "sex gone bad". 
Delbert Ward was acquitted at trial, largely because the lack of any physical evidence and that the New York State Police violated Delbert's rights by coercing a confession (which he later retracted) and by having him sign a written statement which he could not understand due to illiteracy.
The brothers' fates.
Delbert Ward died at age 66 at Bassett Hospital in Cooperstown on August 6, 1998.
Roscoe Ward died at age 88 on June 23, 2007.
Lyman Ward died at age 85 in Utica, New York on 15 August 2007.
Film title.
The title "Brother's Keeper" comes from the Book of Genesis in the Bible. When God asks Cain where his brother Abel is, Cain replies, "I know not; am I my brother's keeper?" (Genesis 4:9 KJV)

</doc>
<doc id="2870835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870835" title="Liberty Bridge, Novi Sad">
Liberty Bridge, Novi Sad

Liberty Bridge ( or "Most slobode") is a Cable-stayed bridge on the Danube river in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, Serbia. The bridge was built in 1981 and destroyed during NATO bombardment on April 4, 1999. It was rebuilt 2003-2005 and reopened on October 7, 2005. The bridge was designed by Nikola Hajdin.
Reconstruction.
Rebuilding the bridge cost the city €40 million and lasted for 2 years and 22 days. Maja Gojković, the mayor of Novi Sad, reopened it on October 7, 2005. The official reopening was held a few days later, with officials from the European Agency for Reconstruction present. The bridge's reconstruction and opening was a cause for political clashes; one side saying Novi Sad and its citizens should be thankful to EU for the gift of the reconstructed bridge, and the other that EU was obliged to reconstruct it anyway, as a part of war damages compensation.
External links.
Coordinates: 

</doc>
<doc id="2870836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870836" title="Pure Shores">
Pure Shores

"Pure Shores" (released as "Pure Shores (Out of Reach)" in the United States) is a song by British-Canadian girl group All Saints. It was released on 12 September 1999 in Australia, the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom by London Records via digital download as the lead single from their second studio album "Saints & Sinners" (2000). This was followed by a physical worldwide release on 11 February 2000. The song was used in the 2000 film "The Beach" and featured on its soundtrack album.
The song was written by band member Shaznay Lewis and produced by William Orbit in Los Angeles, California. "Pure Shores" is a dream pop song with elements of electronica and ambient music. The song's lyrics talk about finding a place to relax and calling it one's own. It received critical acclaim from music critics, who praised the production, lyrics and the vocals on the song. Critics praised "Pure Shores" for being a "relaxing" song, and it has featured on several best song lists.
"Pure Shores" entered the UK Singles Chart at number one, where it remained for two weeks. It achieved worldwide success, reaching the top ten in countries including Australia, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Norway and Sweden. In North America, it charted on the Canadian Singles Chart but failed to chart on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song sold a total of 775,000 copies in the UK, becoming the second most successful single of 2000. It received multiple certifications in other countries.
The music video features clips from "The Beach" and shows the group walking and singing on a beach at Wells-next-the-Sea in Norfolk. The video received positive reviews and won the "Loaded" Award for Best Video. "Pure Shores" was featured on All Saints' compilation albums "All Hits" and "". The group performed the song at the 2000 MTV Europe Music Awards, and the World Sports Awards in 2000. The single received accolades and nominations, and was awarded the 2000 Capital FM award for best song, Ivor Novello Award for Most Performed Work and was nominated for two BRIT Awards for Best British Single and Best British Video.
The song can be also heard on the fictitious radio station "Non-Stop-Pop" of the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V".
Background.
"Pure Shores" was released as the first single from All Saints' second studio album "Saints & Sinners" (2000), which was released in October 2000. The song was written by William Orbit and All Saints member Shaznay Lewis, and was composed and produced by Orbit. It was written for the film "The Beach". "Pure Shores" was released in Canada, New Zealand, Australia and the United Kingdom on 12 September 1999.
According to Cameron Adams of the "Herald Sun" in Melbourne, American singer and songwriter Madonna "was reportedly livid when producer William Orbit gave this futuristic dream-pop to the UK girl band and not her. Madge was right." On 24 June 2012, Orbit released an instrumental version of the song on the internet.
Composition.
"Pure Shores" is an electronic pop song which is set in an ambient style. According to Musicnotes.com, the song is in the key Db Major and the song's lyrics talk about being in a relaxing place and a place one can call their own. Cameron Adams of the "Herald Sun" called it "futuristic dream-pop". The "Herald Sun" also said that according to a survey commissioned by Radox, "Pure Shores" was among the ten most relaxing tracks.
Jim Wirth of "NME" compared the song to Madonna's album "Ray of Light", saying "Shores is an inane enough confection of bleeps and fieldmouse rhythms which sounds so close to Madonna that it's almost indistinguishable." The "New Zealand Herald" described the song's composition as "high-lustre" and a "dream pop single". Nigel Packer from BBC Music said the song uses "deep sea bass and dolphin splash keyboards ... "
Critical reception.
"Pure Shores" was critically acclaimed by music critics worldwide, who praised it for its "lush, electronic soundscapes". Cameron Adams from the "Herald Sun" gave it four stars out of five classified it as "futuristic dream-pop" and ranked it at number 17 on the his top 100 songs of the 2000–2009 decade. PlayLouder.com gave it a positive review, saying; "This was the single that saw the Saints out-performing every other girl group on the planet, ditching the famous-for-being-famous tag, and finally becoming the statuesque pop goddesses they always claimed to be. Russell Bailler from the "New Zealand Herald" highlighted the song along with "Black Coffee" and "Surrender", saying it is "a great single which is also the best thing here the album." Theresa Johnston from About.com listed the song in the "Top Picks for Romantic Songs".
Nigel Packer from BBC Music highlighted the song from the album. Amy Fleming from "The Guardian" added the song to her list of "songs to have babies to", calling it a "harmless, feelgood, uplifting, and a bit of ambient and "mellow [and infectious." "Entertainment Weekly" reviewed the soundtrack and said along with Sugar Ray's song "Spinning Away", the songs were "bright". Mixmag said along with Barry Adamson's song "Business as Usual", the songs were "superb". On 18 October 2011, David Gerges from "The Daily Mail" had listed the song on his "Most Relaxing Songs Ever Created" at number seven. Conversely, AllMusic gave the song a negative rating of two out of five stars.
The song received many nominations and accolades. It won the Ivor Novello Award for Most Performed Work and was later nominated for two BRIT Award for Best British Single and Best British Video in 2001, but lost both awards to Robbie Williams' "Rock DJ". It also won the Capital FM choice for Best Song. According to BBC Radio 2, "Pure Shores" is the 14th most played song on the station since 2009.
Commercial performance.
"Pure Shores" debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, stayed there for two consecutive weeks and remained in the chart for sixteen weeks. It was certified Platinum on 3 March 2000, selling over 600,000 copies in the UK. The song remains the group's third best performing single in the UK. The song has sold 720,000 copies in the UK as stated by the Official Charts Company. The song became the second best-selling single of 2000 and was awarded the Capital London award for best song on 19 April 2000. In Ireland, the song peaked at number one.
The song was also successful in mainland Europe. It debuted at number sixteen in Switzerland and peaked at number six, staying in the charts for twenty-three weeks, making it the group's most successful single there. It also peaked at number six on the French Singles Chart, staying in the charts for twenty weeks. The song peaked in both the Belgium Singles Chart at number five (Flanders) and number one (Wallonia). It also reached the top five in Finland and Norway. However, the song did not reach the top ten in Austria, where it debuted at number thirty-nine and peaked at number eleven, staying in the charts for eleven weeks. It was eventually certified gold in Sweden and France, selling 10,000 copies in Sweden and 150,000 copies in France.
"Pure Shores" repeated its European success in Oceania. It debuted at number five on the Australian Singles Chart, and peaked at number four for three consecutive weeks, remaining in the charts for sixteen weeks. The song is the group's second-most successful single in that country. In New Zealand, it debuted at number forty-four, rose to number seventeen the next week, and peaked at number two for one week. It stayed in the charts for nineteen weeks. To date, it is the group's most successful single in that country. It was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) and Gold by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ), selling 70,000 and 7,500 copies respectively.
The song was eventually released in North America, where it failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 or any of the "Billboard" component charts, but it peaked at number thirty-five in Canada, where it was the group's last single to chart in Canada. The song was well received internationally, garnering chart success. However, many have suggested that due to the benchmark the song had created for 2000 and the following years, it underperformed commercially.
Combining certifications and sales, "Pure Shores" has roughly sold over one million copies to date.
Music videos and promotion.
The music video for "Pure Shores" is set on a beach and features clips from the film "The Beach". The video was filmed on Holkham beach in Norfolk, England and featured the members of All Saints walking near the beach at night, using various camera effects. Scenes were also filmed in a jungle house with bamboo and trees. On 8 May 2000, the video won the "Loaded Award" as best single of the year. Another video is similar but has clips from the band's other videos and does not feature clips from the film.
All Saints performed "Pure Shores" at the 2000 MTV Europe Music Awards, and at the World Sports Awards in 2000. It was also performed on Top of the Pops. In 2002, DJ Osymyso sampled the song on his album "Intro-Inspection" (2002). The band then performed a live version of the song at the BBC Live with Jools Holland Shows with just a piano and a drum set.
It is also included in the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V" on one of the games radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="2870842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870842" title="Private aviation">
Private aviation

Private aviation is the part of civil aviation that does not include flying for hire. 
General aspects.
In most countries, private flights are always general aviation flights, but the opposite is not true: many general aviation flights (such as banner towing, charter, crop dusting, and others) are commercial in that the pilot is hired and paid. Many private pilots fly for their own enjoyment, or to share the joys and convenience of general aviation with friends and family.
In private flight the pilot is not paid, and all aircraft operating expenses are generally paid by the pilot. In some countries such as the United States, aircraft operating expenses for a flight may optionally be divided with any passengers up to a pro rata amount. For example, if aircraft operating expenses total $120 for a flight with pilot and three passengers, each of the three passengers could pay not more than $30 (one fourth) of the expenses with the remainder paid by the pilot.
In many countries, private aviation operates to less strict standards than commercial aviation. For example, in Canada and the United States, aircraft owners are allowed to perform basic maintenance tasks (such as oil or tire changes) on their own aircraft, but only licensed mechanics may perform those tasks on aircraft used for commercial operations. Private pilots normally are not required to demonstrate the same level of proficiency on their flight tests and take fewer and less rigorous medical examinations, than are required for Commercial pilots who are paid for operating an aircraft. The majority of active pilots hold a Private Pilot license.
It is the purpose of the flight, not the aircraft or pilot, that determines whether the flight is private. For example, if a commercially licensed pilot flies a registered plane to visit a friend or attend a business meeting, most countries would consider this to be a private flight. Conversely, a private pilot could legally fly a multi-engine complex aircraft carrying numerous passengers for non-commercial purposes (no compensation paid to the pilot, and a pro rata or larger portion of the aircraft operating expenses paid by the pilot).

</doc>
<doc id="2870843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870843" title="California State Route 224">
California State Route 224

State Route 224 was a short spur route leading from U.S. Route 101 in Carpinteria to Carpinteria State Beach. 
Route description.
The route ran from Route 101 at its junction with, and south on, "Casitas Pass Road" in Carpinteria. Route 224 then turned west on "Carpinteria Avenue" before heading south along "Palm Avenue", ending at Carpinteria State Beach. 
History.
The route was deleted in 1996. Today, a milepost at the Route 101 overpass for Casitas Pass Road serves as the only remnaining signage for Route 224.

</doc>
<doc id="2870845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870845" title="Bandaranaike International Airport">
Bandaranaike International Airport

Bandaranaike International Airport (also known as Colombo International Airport and Katunayake International Airport) is one of the two international airports serving the city of Colombo, the other is Ratmalana Airport. Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport located in southern city of Hambantota is the other international airport in Sri Lanka. Bandaranaike International Airport is located in Katunayake, 22 miles (35 km) north of Colombo. It is administered by Airport and Aviation Services (Sri Lanka) Ltd. It is the hub of SriLankan Airlines, the national carrier of Sri Lanka, and Mihin Lanka, the budget airline of Sri Lanka.
History.
The airport began as a Royal Air Force airfield in 1944 during the Second World War, RAF Station Negombo
In 1957 it closed as the British left the island, and SWRD Bandaranaike removed all the British Military airfields from Ceylon (Sri Lanka), the airfield was handed over to the Royal Ceylon Air Force (RCyAF) and renamed Katunayake. Part of it still remains an military
airfield.
In 1964 Anil Moonesinghe, the Cabinet Minister of Communications, started the building of a new international airport to replace Ratmalana, with Canadian aid. The airport was completed in 1967, and Air Ceylon, the national carrier, began international operations from it using a Hawker Siddeley Trident and a leased British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) British Aircraft Corporation (BAC) VC-10.
It was named after former Prime Minister SWRD Bandaranaike, in 1970. It was renamed Katunayake International Airport in 1977, but was changed back to Bandaranaike International Airport in 1995.
On 7 November 1971 the first Boeing 747 landing took place, the Boeing 747-200B was operated by Condor was carrying German tourists from Frankfurt.
In the early 1990s the position of the airport's runway (04/22) was shifted northward and the old runway was made into a taxiway for departing and arriving aircraft.
Airport expansion projects have recently been undertaken at the airport under the Stage 1, Phase II Expansion Project. A pier with eight aero-bridges opened in November 2005. A new terminal with an additional eight gates are proposed to be built under Stage II of the Phase II Expansion Project. Construction of the new Stage II, Phase II Expansion Project is expected to commence in November 2014 and is expected to be completed by 2016, a section of the terminal is to be opened for the passengers by end 2015 .
On 7 May 2007 the Sri Lankan Government decided to shift some military aviation operations out of the space adjoining the airport to SLAF Hingurakgoda, thus paving the way for more civilian operations.
As part of the airport development program, a passenger train service was launched between the Airport and Colombo Secretariat Station, in June 2010. They also unveiled plans to extend the Colombo-Katunayake airport express train to Ratmalana International Airport
The airport is used by Emirates as an alternative emergency airport for its Airbus A380 aircraft.
Bandaranaike International Airport is equipped with 6 double jetway gates in preparation for airlines introducing Airbus A380 service.
On 9 January 2012, an Airbus A380-800 operated by Emirates flight EK 413 from Sydney landed at Bandaranaike International Airport. This was the first time in history that an Airbus A380 had landed in a Sri Lankan airport. EK 413 had taken-off from Sydney en route to Dubai, but needed a refueling stop. Originally planned to refuel at Singapore, it was decided to land in Colombo instead. The exact cause as to why the A380 needed to refuel is not known.
On 26 July, The Criminal Investigations Department (CID) of Sri Lanka police set up a new security system at the Bandaranaike International Airport at Katunayake to identify criminals. The new system is expected to help identify the most wanted criminals.
Bandaranaike International Airport is equipped with 18 double jetway gates in preparation for airlines introducing the Airbus A380. Emirates airline to fly the A380 to Bandaranaike International Airport in 2015 or 2016, deploying the aircraft on its daily Dubai–Colombo service
Expansion and Developments.
The airport is undergoing resurfacing of its runway. Future projects may include a second runway to support the Airbus A380, a further eight passenger gates, a domestic terminal, a five-storey car-park, and a five-star hotel neighbouring the airport. New approach channels to the airport the construction of terminal begin in November 2014, and expected to be completed by 2016, a section of the terminal is to be opened for the passengers by end 2015 .
A new split-level passenger terminal building which separates arrivals and departures vertically, a new pier with eight boarding gates and 14 passenger boarding bridges with a dedicated gate comprising two passenger boarding bridges for the operations of the new Airbus A380, will be included in the proposed new complex. There would also be a remote apron and an additional nine parking stands to ease air traffic movement. There would be a tax-free apparel shopping mall at the Katunayake BOI Zone to attract more business visitors to Sri Lanka. The mall is to be adjacent to the arrival terminal and connected by a sky bridge.
The second stage will involve the acquisition of 600 hectares of public land, the construction of a runway capable of accommodating new-generation airplanes, an aircraft repair and maintenance center, an arrival and a departure terminal, a shopping arcade, a cargo complex connected to the airport by rail and a multistory car park.
The existing airport will be converted to a domestic and regional terminal when the new complex is ready.
Under the Development Project Phase II Stage 2, a second passenger terminal and required utility for second terminal will be constructed. Work will also be carried out to expand the terminal building, aircraft parking apron, and public utilities.
Once the Phase II is completed the airport will have 50 parking bays, including 17 in the proposed Apron Echo.
Project phases and construction.
The second phase of the expansion project is being carried out with Japanese assistance and is expected to be completed by 2015.
Runway and expansion.
The Bandaranaike International Airport has a single runway (04/22) with an asphalt surface. The take-off and landing distances are 3,441 m and 3,350 m respectively. In addition, the government has decided to invest on a second runway at the Colombo airport, enabling even the large A380s to land in Colombo. Financial assistance for this purpose is expected from Japan. A senior official told "Ceylon Today" that discussions are underway to shut down BIA during off-peak hours in 2014 to overlay the new runway at the BIA.
Terminals.
Bandaranaike International Airport (airport code CMB) at Katunayake, Sri Lanka, is 30 kilometers north of the island nation's capital of Colombo. Twenty-four airlines currently serve the airport's over 4 million annual passengers. Taxis, buses and rental cars are available for transportation. The airport has three passenger terminals. Terminal 1 is for international flights, Terminal 2 is also international and undergoing expansion, and the new Terminal 3 for domestic flights is expected to open March 2012. The airport's new Silk Route lounge recently opened expediting the customs process for Commercially Important Passengers. 
Terminal 1.
Terminal 1 opened in 1967 and is the oldest, but biggest terminal in the airport. It has 12 gates. It has arrival and departure separated horizontally. All international flights currently use this terminal, until Terminal 2 opens. Colombo Bandaranaike International Airport consists of a main terminal building directly connected to one concourse which houses all the gates. In effect, once through security, you are in a small rather decepid shopping mall, and then there is one long arm with all the gates, 6-14. Up this arm there are two of the lounges. In the main body of the terminal is the Sri-Lankan lounge, and the Palm Spirit lounge. This area has the Duty Free offerings, a Tea Shop, a small Cafeterias, a smoking lounge, Day-Rooms & Showers. Beware the Colombo airport can be surprisingly busy, and although there are some seating areas situated alongside its length, they are quite inadequate at times of congestion.
Terminal 2.
Terminal 2 is planned to open in 2016, a section of the terminal is to be opened for the passengers by end 2015.It would be the newest and most modern terminal at the airport. It is planned to have 8 gates, with arrival and departure separated vertically. A new terminal with an additional eight gates are proposed to be built under Stage II of the Phase II Expansion Project. Construction of the new Stage II, Phase II Expansion Project is expected to commence in 2024 and is expected to be completed in 2016. a new pier with eight boarding gates and 14 passenger boarding bridges with a dedicated gate comprising two passenger boarding bridges for the operations of the A380 Airbus will be included in the proposed new development
Terminal 3.
Terminal 3 opened in November 2012 and handles all domestic flights. It has arrival and departure separated horizontally.
Freight Terminal.
The Cargo Terminal opened in October 2009 and handles all cargo flights. It has arrival and departure separated horizontally and is the first terminal that you see when you get onto airport road.
Airlines and destinations.
Passenger.
Note 1: Although some of these flights make an intermediate stop en route to their listed destination, they do not have rights to carry traffic solely between Colombo and the intermediate city.
SLAF Katunayake.
In 1956 with the departure of the RAF from RAF Negombo, the Royal Ceylon Air Force took over and renamed the station RCyAF Katunayake. With the construction of the Bandaranaike International Airport, major portion of the air base was taken over. However the Sri Lanka Air Force remained and expanded its air base adjoining the International Airport. At present it is the largest SLAF station in the country and is the airfield for several flying squadrons as well as ground units. The SL Air Force Hospital is also based at SLAF Katunayake.
In March 2001, on the 50th anniversary of the Sri Lanka Air Force, the airfield was presented with the President's Colours.

</doc>
<doc id="2870854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870854" title="Zuniceratops">
Zuniceratops

Zuniceratops ('Zuni-horned face') was a ceratopsian dinosaur from the mid Turonian of the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now New Mexico, United States. It lived about 10 million years earlier than the more familiar horned Ceratopsidae and provides an important window on their ancestry.
"Zuniceratops" appears to have been roughly 3 to 3.5 meters long (10-11 ft) and three feet (one meter) tall at the hips. It probably weighed 100 to 150 kilograms (200 to 250 lb), making it substantially smaller than most Ceratopsidae. The skull bears a well-developed pair of brow horns, similar to those of chasmosaurs and primitive centrosaurs, but the nose horn is absent. The brow horns are thought to have grown much larger with age. The snout is long and low, like that of chasmosaurines. The frill was a thin, broad, shield-like structure. It bore a pair of large holes but lacked epoccipital bones, as in "Protoceratops". Overall, the anatomy is much more primitive than that of the ceratopsids, but more advanced than in protoceratopsids.
Discovery and species.
"Zuniceratops" was discovered in 1996, by 8-year-old Christopher James Wolfe, son of paleontologist Douglas G. Wolfe, in the Moreno Hill Formation in west-central New Mexico. One skull and the bones from several individuals have been found. More recently, one bone, believed to be a squamosal, has since been found to be an ischium of a "Nothronychus".
Classification.
"Zuniceratops" is an example of the evolutionary transition between early ceratopsians and the later, larger ceratopsids that had very large horns and frills. This supports the theory that the lineage of ceratopsian dinosaurs may have been North American in origin.
Although the first specimen discovered had single-rooted teeth (unusual for ceratopsians), later fossils had double-rooted teeth. This is evidence that the teeth became double-rooted with age. "Zuniceratops" was a herbivore like other ceratopsians and was probably a herd animal as well.
"Zuniceratops" in popular culture.
"Zuniceratops" is featured in the Discovery Channel Special, "When Dinosaurs Roamed America".

</doc>
<doc id="2870855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870855" title="David Jones (railway)">
David Jones (railway)

David Jones (25 October 1834 - 2 December 1906) was born in Manchester, England, where his father was an engineer. He became 
Locomotive Superintendent for the Highland Railway in Scotland. He was credited with the design of the first British 4-6-0 which was strongly influenced by a Scottish locomotive design for Indian Railways.
Career.
London and North Western Railway.
Jones spent part of his apprenticeship under John Ramsbottom, the district superintendent of the North Eastern Division of London and North Western Railway. 
Highland Railway.
He joined what would soon become the Highland Railway in 1855 at age twenty-one. In 1870, he became its locomotive superintendent and, like most such occupants of that position, spent much of his time rebuilding old engines in order to extract a few more years from them. Although he was a fervent of Alexander Allan, Jones' new designs tended to break away from the Allan tradition, which had lasted so long in Scotland. 
Locomotive designs.
In 1894 he introduced the Highland Railway Jones Goods Class, the first 4-6-0 to operate on any British Railway. In 1899 the three Avonside Engine Company 4-6-0 engines built for the North Mount Lyell Railway are attributed in design to Jones 
Accidents and death.
Jones retired in 1896, after a scalding, experienced during tests of the large goods 4-6-0, had robbed him of the use of his left leg and he died in London in 1906, after a car accident had deprived him of the use of his other.

</doc>
<doc id="2870872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870872" title="Sevastopol Sketches">
Sevastopol Sketches

Sevastopol Sketches (, Sevastopolskiye rasskazy) are three short stories written by Leo Tolstoy and published in 1855 to record his experiences during the Siege of Sevastopol (1854–1855). The name originates from Sevastopol, a city in Crimea. The book has also been released under the anglicized title "The Sebastopol Sketches" and is sometimes titled "Sevastopol Stories." These brief "sketches" formed the basis of many of the episodes in Tolstoy's magnum opus, "War and Peace."
Sketches.
Sevastopol in December.
In "Sevastopol in December," Tolstoy uses second person narrative (with the pronoun 'you') in an introductory tour of life in Sevastopol. The detailed tour is arguably similar to one Tolstoy may have been given upon arrival in Sevastopol in November, 1854. As part of the tour, the narrator takes you though the dressing station, which is a makeshift hospital in the Assembly Hall. Here you find wounded soldiers, amputees, "some of them on camp beds, but most of them lying on the floor". Tolstoy also uses "Sevastopol in December" to introduce the reader to the settings, mannerisms, and background he uses in "Sevastopol in May" and "Sevastopol in August." For example, when referring to the enemy, either the British or the French, but only the French are featured in the Sketches; they are referred to as "'him', as both soldiers and sailors say" (Tolstoy 198).
Sevastopol in May.
In "Sevastopol in May," Tolstoy examines the senselessness and vanity of war. The story examines many aspects of the psychology of war, heroism, and the misleading presence of humanism in truces (misleading because countries continuously go to war with one another, despite past truces). Tolstoy concludes by declaring that the only hero of his story is truth.

</doc>
<doc id="2870873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870873" title="James Martin (actor)">
James Martin (actor)

James Edward Martin (born 17 June 1992) is an English actor best known for portraying Peter Beale in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". He took over the role from Joseph Shade in October 2004, playing the character until August 2006. He was succeeded by Thomas Law until 2010. He played Telly in the BAFTA-winning feature film "Kiss of Life" and two short films for the BBC, as well as several theatre productions.

</doc>
<doc id="2870876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870876" title="Tenniel Evans">
Tenniel Evans

Walter Tenniel Evans (17 May 1926 – 10 June 2009) was a British actor.
Family.
Walter Tenniel Evans was born in Nairobi, Kenya. His middle name derived from the illustrator Sir John Tenniel, a distant relation. His daughter, Serena Evans, is an actress, and his son, Matthew, is a television director.
Tenniel Evans was a direct descendent of Isaac Evans, brother of George Eliot (born as Mary Ann Evans).
Career.
Educated at Christ's Hospital, the University of St Andrews and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, Evans is best known for his long-running role as Leading Seaman "Taffy" Goldstein (plus other occasional characters) on "The Navy Lark", a popular BBC comedy radio series of the 1950s, which starred Jon Pertwee, with Ronnie Barker, Richard Caldicot and Leslie Phillips. Pertwee became one of Evans' best friends – he encouraged Pertwee to audition for "Doctor Who", although both were unaware that Pertwee was already being considered for the role; Pertwee subsequently helped Evans get cast in the "Doctor Who" story "Carnival of Monsters".
Frequently cast as a policeman, doctor or priest, Tenniel Evans appeared in many of the most popular and successful British TV series of the late 20th and early 21st centuries, as well as many one-off programmes, over a period of 44 years. His TV debut was in the series "No Hiding Place" in 1960; shortly after this he played Jonathan Kail in "Tess", the 1960 ITV adaptation of Thomas Hardy's "Tess of the D'Urbervilles", which also featured Geraldine McEwan and Jeremy Brett.
Among Evans' most notable TV credits are "The Forsyte Saga" (1967), "The Saint" (1967), four appearances in "The Avengers" between 1961 and 1968, "Softly Softly", (1966, 1969), "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)" (1969), "A Family at War" (1970), "Paul Temple" (1970, 1971), multiple appearances in "Z-Cars" between 1963 and 1972, a regular role in "Big Breadwinner Hog" (1969), "The Liver Birds" (1972), "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin" (1976), "Yes Minister" (1980), "Coronation Street" (1980), "Rumpole of the Bailey" (1983), "The Citadel" (1983) and "The Dancing Men" (1984), an episode of the Granada series "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" that reunited him with Jeremy Brett.
In 1985 Evans was ordained as a non-stipendiary minister of the Church of England and he retired from stage acting, although he continued to perform in TV programmes until shortly before his death and during that year he had a recurring role in the comedy "Shine on Harvey Moon". In 1987 he had a recurring role in the children's sci-fi series "Knights of God" (1987), which is notable as the last screen credit for Patrick Troughton. Coincidentally, Evans then took over the role of Perce, the grandfather, (originally played by Troughton) in the comedy series "The Two of Us" following Troughton's sudden death in March 1987.
Evans' TV credits from the late 1980s to 2004 include "Inspector Morse", "Lovejoy", "September Song", "Peak Practice", "The Bill", "Pie in the Sky", "Heartbeat", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates", "Casualty" and "Dalziel and Pascoe". His final screen appearance was in an episode of the romantic comedy series "William and Mary" (2004), which co-starred Martin Clunes (who, coincidentally, is the nephew of Evans' colleague Jeremy Brett).
Evans made few appearances in film; his most prominent part was as a detective in the thriller "10 Rillington Place" (1971), the film about the infamous British serial killer John Christie starring Richard Attenborough.

</doc>
<doc id="2870877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870877" title="Casier">
Casier

Casier is a town and "comune" in the province of Treviso, Veneto region, in north-eastern Italy. The commune has its seat in Dosson di Casier, and includes the localities of Frescada (partially), Le Grazie (partially), La Sicilia, Cà Matte.
Festivals.
The "Festa del radicchio rosso di Treviso" is held every year, between January and February [http://www.associazioneradicchio.it/].
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2870881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870881" title="Bridgepoint Capital">
Bridgepoint Capital

Bridgepoint is a pan-European private equity investor focused on acquiring leading middle market businesses valued up to €1 billion. Recent investments have included Quilter, Wiggle and Pret a Manger in the UK, Dorna in Spain, and Alain Afflelou and Histoire d'Or in France. It also operates a second business, Bridgepoint Development Capital, which specialises in smaller cap businesses valued up to €150 million.
History.
Bridgepoint was known as NatWest Equity Partners until a management buyout in May 2000. In November 2008 Bridgepoint closed its latest €4.8 billion Bridgepoint Europe IV fund, bringing to €13 billion the amount of committed capital to date from institutional investors around the world.
Notable investments.
Between 1999 and 2005, Bridgepoint owned a 50% share of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Theatres, owning up to 13 West End theatres.

</doc>
<doc id="2870882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870882" title="Molly McGreevey">
Molly McGreevey

Molly McGreevey (b. 1936) is an American actress, who played Polly Longworth on the daytime television soap opera "Ryan's Hope".
Biography.
Born Mary Wheaton Paine, she is the daughter of Hugh Eustis Paine, Sr. (d. 1973) and Helen Clirehugh Duncan Paine. Her grandfather was the paper manufacturer and banker Augustus G. Paine, Jr. from New York City.
Called "Molly", she married first to the stockbroker Thomas J. McGreevy of Kansas City, Missouri. Together they had three daughters, Pamela, Jessica and Barbara. The couple divorced in the early 1970s, and she subsequently married Earl Hindman, a film and television actor who played detective Bob Reid on "Ryan's Hope", and Wilson Wilson Jr. on "Home Improvement". One of her first movies was in 1974 with "Shoot It Black, Shoot It Blue", where she played a salesgirl. She subsequently appeared in the recurring role of wealthy Rae Woodard's gossipy society pal Polly Longworth in "Ryan's Hope" from 1977-1981.
She became an ordained Episcopal priest in the 1980s. She worked at Church of St. Luke in the Fields, Greenwich Village for many years, ministering to AIDS patients. She and Hindman later moved to Stamford, Connecticut, where she worked as associate rector of St. Francis’ Church until her retirement. Hindman died in Stamford in 2003. In 2008, she moved to a senior community near Rochester, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2870884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870884" title="Alex Lawler">
Alex Lawler

Alex Lawler (born 9 September 1981) is a British actor who starred in "" as "Sexy", and has appeared in "Dream Team".
Appearances.
He also had a non-speaking role in "Goal!". He was the number one goalkeeper in Sky One's "The Match".
Playing career.
He currently plays non-league football for Chesham United who are managed by "The Match" 's celebrity team's assistant manager Luther Blissett. He also had a brief spell at Ryman Premier League club, Chelmsford City where he played just two games before he was dropped and later sold.

</doc>
<doc id="2870891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870891" title="2000–01 in Belgian football">
2000–01 in Belgian football

The 2000-2001 season was the 98th competitive season in Belgian football.
National team.
Belgium began their qualifying campaign for the Football World Cup 2002.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="2870895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870895" title="Empress Xiaogongren">
Empress Xiaogongren

Empress Xiaogongren (Manchu: Hiyoošungga Gungnecuke Gosin Hūwangheo; 1660–1723) was a consort of the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty. She was also the mother of Kangxi's successor, the Yongzheng Emperor.
Biography.
Empress Xiaogongren was born in the Manchu Uya (烏雅) clan. Her personal name is unknown. Her father was Weiwu (威武), a Commander of the Guard (護軍參領) and Duke of the First Class (一等公).
In 1678 Lady Uya gave birth to the Kangxi Emperor's fourth surviving son Yinzhen. A year later she was granted the rank of Imperial Concubine De (德嬪). In 1681 she gave birth to another son and was promoted to Consort De (德妃) the following year. Over the next five years Lady Uya gave birth to three daughters, and her last son in 1688. When the Kangxi Emperor died in 1722, Lady Uya's eldest child, Yinzhen, succeeded to the throne as the Yongzheng Emperor. As the mother of the reigning emperor, Lady Uya received the title of Empress Dowager Renshou (仁壽皇太后).
Empress Dowager Renshou died of illness in 1723, a year after the death of the Kangxi Emperor. Some sources claimed that she wished to accompany her husband in death but the Yongzheng Emperor denied her permission. She fell ill shortly afterwards and refused medical treatment, eventually dying at the age of 64. She was interred in the Jingling Mausoleum (景陵) in the Eastern Qing Tombs in Zunhua. She was posthumously granted the title of Empress Xiaogongren.
Posthumous title.
Empress Xiaogongren's full posthumous title is:

</doc>
<doc id="2870898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870898" title="Cocycle">
Cocycle

A cocycle refers to any one of the following:
Let G be a graph with vertex set V. A cut is a partition S = {X, X'} of V into two nonempty subsets. We denote the set of all edges incident with one vertex in X and one vertex in X' by E(S) or E(X, X'); and any such edge set is called a cocycle.
There is also a meaning in group cohomology.

</doc>
<doc id="2870914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870914" title="Trisomy 9">
Trisomy 9

Trisomy 9 is a chromosomal disorder caused by having three copies (trisomy) of chromosome number 9. It can appear with or without mosaicism.
Characteristics.
Symptoms vary, but usually result in dysmorphisms in the skull, nervous system, and mental retardation. Dysmorphisms in the heart, kidneys, and musculoskeletal system may also occur. An infant with complete trisomy 9 surviving 20 days after birth showed clinical features including a small face, wide fontanelle, prominent occiput, micrognathia, low set ears, upslanting palpebral fissures, high arched palate, short sternum, overlapping fingers, limited hip abduction, rocker bottom feet, heart murmurs and also a webbed neck.
Trisomy 9p is one of the most frequent autosomal anomalies compatible with long survival rate. A study of 5 cases showed an association with Coffin–Siris syndrome, as well as a wide gap between the 1st and 2nd toes in all five, while three had brain malformations including dilated ventricles with hypogenesis of the corpus callosum and Dandy-Walker malformation.
Detection.
Trisomy 9 can be detected prenatally with chorionic villus sampling and cordocentesis, and can be suggested by obstetric ultrasonography.
Because trisomy 9 may appear with mosaicism, it is suggested that doctors take samples from multiple tissues when karyotyping for diagnosis.

</doc>
<doc id="2870915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870915" title="Jackie Paris">
Jackie Paris

Jackie Paris (September 20, 1924 – June 17, 2004) was an American jazz singer and guitarist.
Paris was born Carlo Jackie Paris in Nutley, New Jersey to his father Carlo and mother Rose. He had a brother, Gene. A vocalist, Paris toured with Charlie Parker. He also tap-danced from his youth and into his years in the US Army, entertaining his fellow soldiers. He is best known for his recordings of "Skylark" and "'Round Midnight" from the late 1940s to the early 1950s. He performed and/or recorded with Terry Gibbs, Lionel Hampton, Coleman Hawkins, Dizzy Gillespie, Donald Byrd, Gigi Gryce, Charles Mingus, and others. He won many jazz polls and awards, including those of "Down Beat", "Playboy", "Swing Journal", and "Metronome".
A documentary, "Tis Autumn: The Search for Jackie Paris", has been made.
Early life and career.
Paris was born in Nutley, New Jersey to an Italian-American family. His uncle Chick had been a guitarist with Paul Whiteman's famous orchestra.
Paris was a very popular child entertainer in vaudeville, a pint-sized song and dance man, who shared the stage with — and was encouraged by — such legendary black headliners as Bill "Bojangles" Robinson and the Mills Brothers.
After serving in the army during World War II, Paris, inspired by his friend Nat King Cole, put together a trio featuring himself on guitar and vocals. The Jackie Paris Trio were a hit at the Onyx Club on New York's 52nd Street. They played at the club for an unprecedented 26 weeks, perhaps the longest-running residency in the history of Swing Street.
The first song that Paris ever recorded was "Skylark", on one of two sessions made by his trio, for MGM Records in 1947. The composer Hoagy Carmichael once said of Paris' rendition that "the kid sings the hell out of it."
In 1949, Jackie was the first white vocalist to tour with the famous Lionel Hampton Orchestra. He remembered an occasion when he actually did 78 consecutive one-nighters with the band. When he finally got off the road, he received an offer to join Duke Ellington's Orchestra, but at that time was too exhausted to take it. For years after, Ellington's son Mercer would tell him, "You're the only guy that ever turned down my old man."
Jackie was the first singer to record Thelonious Monk's future jazz anthem "Round Midnight", which was produced by the famous critic Leonard Feather and featured a young Dick Hyman on piano.
Jackie was the only vocalist to ever tour as a regular member of the Charlie Parker Quintet. Unfortunately, no recordings exist of the Parker-Paris combination (although the "Round Midnight" session mentioned above features Parker's bassist and drummer, Tommy Potter and Roy Haynes), but there is a classic photograph of the two working together.
In 1953, Jackie was named Best New Male Vocalist of the Year in the first ever "Down Beat" Critics Poll. The winning female vocalist was Ella Fitzgerald, who repeatedly named Jackie as one of her favorites.
Charlie Mingus named Jackie as his favorite singer, and used him on several recording sessions over a period of many decades, including 1952's "Paris In Blue" (written expressly for Jackie) and the Mingus classic "Duke Ellington's Sound of Love," on the album "Changes Two" in 1974. Paris also worked extensively with the famous bassist-composer-bandleader in clubs.
Likewise, Jackie was the only singer ever endorsed by the legendary comic and 20th Century iconoclast Lenny Bruce. Bruce not only split the bill with Jackie on many occasions, he shouted Jackie's praises to all who would listen, saying "I dig his talent. The audience loves him and he gets laughs. He is toooo muccchhh!"
Other major musicians with whom Jackie recorded include Hank Jones, Charlie Shavers, Joe Wilder, Wynton Kelly, Eddie Costa, Coleman Hawkins, Bobby Scott, Max Roach, Lee Konitz, Donald Byrd, Gigi Gryce, Ralph Burns, Tony Scott, Neal Hefti, Terry Gibbs, Johnny Mandel, Oscar Pettiford, and many others.
Some of his best-known albums include "Songs By Jackie Paris" (EmArcy), "Jackie Paris Sings the Lyrics of Ira Gershwin" (Time), "The Song Is Paris" (Impulse!), and many others.
Jackie recorded consistently through the years, from the 1940s up to and beyond the millennium.
In 2001, Jackie played to a standing room crowd — and to a standing ovation — at New York's Birdland, in Times Square. He was virtually the only performer to have appeared at every incarnation of the famed jazz night spot, from the legendary Birdland of the '50s up to the present.
Paris died in New York City.
Discography.
With the Donald Byrd-Gigi Gryce Jazz Lab
Awards.
Gold Disc Award for Lucky To Be Me CD 1989
Swing Journal Magazine
Best Male Vocalist
Playboy Musicians & Critics Poll
1957-1961
New Star Male Vocalist
1953 Downbeat Critics Poll
Jazz festivals.
JVC Town Hall 1987 w/ Hank Jones, piano
Newport July 6, 1957 w/ Joe Masters, piano; Joe Benjamin, bass; Jo Jones, drums
TV.
"The Mike Douglas Show" - 1970s
"The Tonight Show" - 1960s
"The Steve Allen Show" - 1950s
Clubs.
Baby Grand (NY)
Basin Street (NY)
Birdland (NY)
Cafe Bohemia (NY)
Cage Society (NY)
Composer (NY)
DownBeat (NY)
Eddie Condon's (NY)
Famous Door (NY)
Fat Tuesdays (NY)
Half Note (NY)
Maisonette (NY)
Onyx (NY)
Royal Roost (NY)
Sweet Basil (NY)
Tavern on the Green (NY)
Three Deuces (NY)
Village Vanguard (NY)
Alfonse (LA)
Carmelo's (LA)
Donte's (LA)
Jazz Bakery (LA)
Lighthouse (LA)
Pasquale's (LA)
Stables (Bos)
Scullers (Bos)
Cloisters (Chi)
Bengazi (DC)
Trumpets (NJ)
Picasso (Phili)
Jazz Workshop (SF)
Concert halls.
Carnegie Hall (NY)
Town Hall (NY)
Civic Auditorium (Balt)
Royal Theater (Balt)
Boston Symphony Hall (Bos)
Civic Opera House (Chi)
Regal Theater (Chi)
Joe Louis Auditorium (Detr)
Paridise Theater (Detr)
Bushnell Theater (Hart)

</doc>
<doc id="2870927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870927" title="California State Route 225">
California State Route 225

State Route 225 (SR 225) was a state highway in the U.S. state of California. 
Route description.
It was a route that closely followed the beaches of the city of Santa Barbara. It started off near the Earl Warren Showgrounds at the junction of U.S. Route 101 and Las Positas Road and headed south towards the coast before turning east on Cliff Drive. It then climbed up a small viaduct before descending near Santa Barbara City College and ended at Castillo Street and US 101. 
History.
Until 1998, it followed Cabrillo Boulevard along the beach, ending near Montecito. On January 30, 2014, Caltrans transferred control of the 225 to the city of Santa Barbara.

</doc>
<doc id="2870931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870931" title="Universities Central Council on Admissions">
Universities Central Council on Admissions

UCCA, the Universities Central Council on Admissions, provided a clearing house for university applications in the United Kingdom from its formation in 1961 until its merger with PCAS (Polytechnics Central Admissions Service) to form UCAS in 1993. 
UCCA was created in response to concerns during the 1950s that the increase in University applications was unmanageable using the systems then in place, where each student applied individually to as many institutions as they chose. This concern led to the Committee of Vice Chancellors and Principals (CVCP) setting up an ad hoc committee in 1957 to review the matter; this committee in its Third Report of January 1961 recommended the setting up of a central agency, which subsequently became known as UCCA. Its First and Second Reports had already made a number of recommendations aimed at harmonising admissions procedures across different universities.
The name UCCA referred originally to the management board (the Central Council) overseeing the new process, but soon came to refer to the organisation responsible for its day-to-day operation. This was based initially in London, and moved to Cheltenham, Gloucestershire in 1968 . The new scheme had a pilot year handling a subset of applications for entry in 1963, and its first full year of operation handled admissions for 1964.
The scheme was essentially a collaborative venture between independent universities, and membership was voluntary. Most English universities joined from the start. Oxford and Cambridge joined (with slightly modified procedures) for the 1966 entry; the London medical and dental schools, as well as Belfast and Stirling for 1967. By 1968 the office was handling 592,000 applications from 110,400 candidates to 80 institutions.
Initially, processing of applications was carried out using punched card technology. In 1964, UCCA started using the services of a computer bureau with a Univac machine; in 1967 it installed its own Univac computer.
Applications process.
The actual application process remained largely unchanged during the life of the organisation, except for minor details. Candidates submitted a single application listing six (later five) universities. Copies of the application were sent to these universities (unlike UCCA's modern counterpart, UCAS), which could make various kinds of offer: unconditional, or conditional on grades achieved in the subsequent A-level examinations. Students could hold a maximum of two of these offers, a first choice, plus a reserve choice held in case they failed to achieve the grades asked by their first choice (if they received an unconditional or a pass-level offer from the university listed first on their application, no reserve could be held). In August, when the exam results were published, students who achieved their required grades (or who fell short of them, if the University had enough places available) would receive confirmation of their offer. Those who failed to receive a confirmed offer could apply for "Clearing", a process that matched the remaining unplaced candidates to the remaining unfilled places.

</doc>
<doc id="2870932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870932" title="Harrison Ludington">
Harrison Ludington

Harrison Ludington (July 31, 1812 – June 17, 1891) was an American Republican politician who served as the 13th Governor of Wisconsin and a mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Ancestry.
Harrison Ludington descended from William Ludington, one of the earliest American colonists, who settled at Charlestown, Mass., 1632, and died at the East Haven Iron Works, Connecticut. 1662-3 His grandfather was Colonel Henry Ludington (May 25, 1739 Branford, New Haven, CT – Jan 24, 1817 Patterson, Putnam. NY), a commanding officer of the volunteer 7th Regiment of the Dutchess County Militia, during the American Revolutionary War. Henry Ludington later became an aide to General George Washington. Henry's daughter, Sybil Ludington (1761–1839), was famous for risking her life when she was 16 years old to warn the American militia that British troops were burning Danbury, Connecticut.
Biography.
Ludington was born in Kent, Dutchess County, New York. Son of Frederick and Susannah (Griffeth) Ludington. Harrison received common (district) school education. He moved to Milwaukee in 1838. At the age of 24 he became a joint owner of a merchandising business with his uncle, Lewis Ludington. This general merchandising business was conducted out of Solomon Juneau's warehouse between years 1839–1851. In 1851 he became involved in lumber business, operating in the northeastern part of the state. He was a member of the firm of Ludington, Wells (Daniel Wells, Jr.) and Van Schaick (Anthony G. Van Schaick). Ludington became an active developer in Milwaukee, where he began his political career. He served two terms as a Milwaukee alderman, three terms as Milwaukee's mayor, a position that he resigned from to serve as Wisconsin's governor. He defeated his predecessor William R. Taylor, Democrat, in November, 1875. Ludington served as a governor of Wisconsin from 1876 to 1878. 
He married twice, his first wife was Frances White, married on March 25, 1838 in Louisville, KY. His second wife was a widow Eve Mary Tobey, they married on June 7, 1875. He had a total of six children.
Governor.
In his capacity as governor, Harrison Ludington facilitated promotion of commercial activity. He also undid changes made in the financial sector made by his predecessor. He stood against state regulation of railroads. Under his administration the infamous Potter law was repealed, which was supposed to drastically increase government intervention in the railroad business. He also replaced the railroad commission, made up of three members with powers of establishing rates for the railroads, by a single commissioner, that lacked such authority. Ludington declined renomination for the position of a governor in 1879 due to pressure from younger members of the Republican party.
Retirement.
Following his decision not to pursue renomination for governorship, Ludington resigned from public affairs and devoted himself to conducting business. German-American artist Conrad W. Heyd painted his portrait in this period of his life.
Ludington died on June 17, 1891 in Milwaukee and is interred in Forest Home Cemetery there.

</doc>
<doc id="2870942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870942" title="LSSR">
LSSR

LSSR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870947" title="Pierre Fédida">
Pierre Fédida

Pierre Fédida (1934–2002) was a French psychoanalyst, who studied under Gilles Deleuze.

</doc>
<doc id="2870960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870960" title="UCCA">
UCCA

UCCA may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="2870966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870966" title="WBER">
WBER

WBER is a listener and school district supported community radio station in Rochester, New York, USA, owned and operated by the Board of Cooperative Educational Services, Monroe #1. The station was founded by BOCES in 1985. Andrew Chinnici (also known as Chris Andrews) was the first program director, a position he held until it was taken over by the current program director, Joey Guisto. The call letters are said to stand for BOCES Educational Radio, but the station was once known as WRHR which stood for Rush Henrietta Radio after the original licencee of the station (the Rush-Henrietta Central School District).
__TOC__
History.
As WRHR, the station was a student-run club operated out of the Rush Henrietta School District. The station was granted a low power license (10 Watts) in 1975. The station operated during school hours under academic supervision, and then after school. The radio format at first was mainly structured- utilizing Top-40 radio formats and the accompanying bumpers and sounders. A handful of DJs spun what was termed "progressive" music, with longer LP cuts. School board meetings were also broadcast on a tape-delayed basis. Eventually, bands such as the B-52's and Talking Heads were aired by WRHR, exposing them to the station's listening area. The school district provided special support for students who broadcast live play-by-play basketball late into the evening from schools within the Section V conference.
In the first year of operation, The Station Manager was Brad Landon, a High School Senior that was stricken by Muscular Dystrophy, and Brad had the first show that was broadcast on the frequency. The first song played was "Beginnings" by Chicago. The first words spoken on-air were those of Mike Morgan, when during initial compressor testing he said "Is this thing working?". Morgan installed and wired much of the production equipment for the station and was the News Director the first year WRHR was on the air.
Some of the most notable announcers from the WRHR days include:
George Michel and Stan Katz, district administrators, and technical assistant Rich Bzura were instrumental in making WRHR a reality.
Partnership with Monroe BOCES.
It was taken over by the Monroe BOCES #1 Technology Department renamed and upgraded to 2500 watts under the leadership of BOCES Assistant Superintendent Gerald Cummings. WBER has been serving the Rochester, NY and Western New York area since 1985, as a real life training ground for students in Monroe #1 BOCES Eastern Monroe Career Center (EMCC) Radio and Television Career & Technical Education (CTE) class as well as members of the community interested in learning about radio broadcasting. The station is listener supported, and depends on donations and underwriting to make budget. Most of the on-air staff volunteer their time to the station. A notable quality of the station during the late 1990s and early 2000s was the curious inability to play any two songs at the same volume level. Some songs were recorded with a volume adjustment halfway through the song. While it did not completely diminish the listening experience, it was part of the station's charming identifiable qualities. It also tried to automate itself overnight with less than reliable results, often leading to dead air.
WBER also originates part of its day from area school districts which currently include Fairport, Webster, West Irondequoit and Brighton.
The station tagline was changed to "Rochester's Real Modern Rock Station" in the late nineties to distinguish itself from a commercial station that attempted to tap into the same listener base. As that station's relevance faded, the original tagline "The only station that matters" returned. WBER is one of America's first full-time Alternative Music radio stations. It is also one of the first radio stations, and the first in Rochester, to offer a web stream broadcasting live radio on the Internet. DJ's currently use the identifier "Ninety-point-five FM, WBER, the only station that matters" or the legal ID, "The best in alternative music since 1985, this is the only station that matters, 90.5 FM WBER, Rochester". Other stations have since adopted the slogan "The Only Station that Matters", most notably WBAL-AM in Baltimore, Maryland, which first used it in late 2010-early 2011.
The station's playlist is largely listener decided. Periodically throughout the regular programming, a "test track" is played. Listeners are invited to phone in their opinion of the song or visit the website to vote. It is by this process that new titles are added to the regular rotation, which the Selector playlisting program is used. WBER also presents local concerts for popular artists played on the station. Due to the feedback and involvement of the listening audience, WBER has become a notable music outlet for not only the Rochester area, but the surrounding region as well. Broader exposure via the Internet has only expanded the scope of their influence.
In the late 1990s, the now-defunct Red Social Lounge located in the St. Paul quarter of Rochester once hosted "WBER Night" on Friday nights. Proceeds from the door would go to help support the station. Inside, DJ's would spin popular tracks from WBER's current playlist. When Red Social Lounge closed in 2002, WBER Night came to an end.
2000–present.
Over the years, funding had been obtained through donations and program underwriting. Recently, these sources of funding have not been as plentiful as in years past. On June 2, 2006, WBER conducted a massive on-air campaign to raise $20,000 to help meet budget goals through the end of the year. The fundraiser would begin early in the morning, only playing music from 1985, the year that WBER first went on the air. When $1,000 was raised, the plan was to continue on to 1986, and continue the process for every year until reaching 2005. The on-air staff expected the campaign to last days, maybe even a week. In an unexpected outpouring of donations and affection, the fundraising goal was met only 12 and a half hours after it started.
On November 7, 2008, WBER held their second fundraising event. It is the reverse of the 2006 event, the station started the event by playing music from only 2008, and backtracked one year for every $1,000 raised. The event, hosted throughout the day by Joey, Sgt. Pepper, and many other station DJ's., not only prompted listeners to donate money, but also share their personal experiences related to the station. The event raised $23,000 in a little more than 15 hours.
Notable shows.
The annual end of the year countdown is a highly anticipated event. Listeners vote on their top five favorite songs from the year. One vote per person is allowed, though bands have attempted to use fake emails to vote for themselves. The top thirty songs are counted down on New Year's Day.
The Spotlight Review has been on the air since 1989 and is hosted by Bob Scheffel. It airs Mondays from 9:00 to 9:30 pm and features reviews of new and not so new music.
First Impressions airs Tuesdays from 8-10 pm, showcasing new music sent in to WBER, even if it will never make regular rotation. It is the longest-running specialty show on WBER and spawned The Spotlight Review. On December 9, 2008, Jeff Kurzrock announced he would be wrapping up his seven-year stint as host, due to increased commitments to work and family. Danielle Raymo was named the host for 2009. In June 2009 Danielle left WBER to advance her career at WZNE - 94.1 The Zone, a commercial radio station in Rochester. Shaun "Deputy" Dulen, former assistant station manager of WBER, was named the new host going forward.
New Wave Wednesday is hosted by Jennifer V (former program director at the now defunct WMAX-Rochester) and airs Wednesdays from 7 to 9 am. It features New Wave music, giveaways, and occasional guests.
The Friday Morning Show is another hallmark of the station. Hosted at present by Sgt. Pepper and Joey Guisto, it is the station's weekly show from 6-9am. Sadly, Lil Jess departed from the FMS and WBER in October 2007, she is missed by her FMS cohosts and the WBER listeners. There are giveaways and the "Prospect Song of the Week" is introduced. The FMS is marked by frequent visits from listeners, DJs, and many others, including musicians, ghost hunters, and local celebrities.
Sloan Kristy was the host of the WBER Local Show starting in 2005, on Sundays from 8:00 to 11:00 pm. The Local Show features the best and brightest stars from the local music scene in Rochester and the nearby regions of Buffalo and Syracuse. The Local Show has been on-air since 2001, and is now the longest-running Regional music show in Rochester. Sloan Kristy has been featured in many articles in "City Newspaper," and "The Insider" (both free weekly alternative publications) regarding the Local music scene in Rochester. Most notably, she was named Radio Host of The Year for 2008 in "The Insider". The show had a run time of 8:00 to 10:00 pm until 2008, when the show was expanded to three hours. The tag-line of the Local Show is "Support Your Scene!" On July 20, 2009, Sloan Kristy announced she would be stepping down from her duties as host after four years, due to the demand on her time related to other projects. Sloan Kristy hosted her last Local Show on August 2, and the last song she played was "Striking Out" by Delta Force 23. During the Annual New Year's Day Countdown on January 1, 2010, Joey announced that Warbux would be the new host of The Local Show starting in early February 2010.
Elektrobank is the newest specialty show on WBER, named after The Chemical Brothers song of the same name. The show was created by both Alex and Courtney and started in November 2007. Courtney was the show's first host but left soon after due to her academic constraints. Alex took over in January 2008. Elektrobank features electronic music of all sub-genres, house, tchno, drum and bass and more and includes music form sister genres such as hip-hop, and live dance music that's heavily influenced by electronic music. Elektrobank also features local electronic acts, making it an arena for local artists in addition to the Local Show.
The Indie Show, which showcased the work of independent artists and labels, was brought to an end in March 2007 by its creator, Joey. Citing that indie labels have largely been gobbled up by the larger labels, it was getting harder and harder to program something called "The Indie Show". The last song played on The Indie Show was a selection from the Red House Painters.
Rant was another former specialty show and was hosted by Chris Andrews and Dr. Damien, who had previously hosted the station's morning show ("Dr. Damien's Morning Physical") for several years. Rant was WBER's first call-in radio show and was made possible after the station purchased its first digital delay, which was utilized primarily to prevent listener profanity, often inspired by Andrews' programming choices or Damien's whimsical skewering of listener opinions. The premise of the show was that listeners could have a weekly forum to discuss any topic that made them angry, whether related to the station or not. This often led to a discussion of serious social issues, as well as station policies. It was cancelled after the departure of Chris Andrews and Damien's decision that to continue the show without Andrews would be of limited comedic value.

</doc>
<doc id="2870970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870970" title="Don't Wanna Try">
Don't Wanna Try

"Don't Wanna Try" is a song by R&B singer Frankie J. It was released as a single in April 2003 and reached number 19 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.
This song is about him and his girlfriend. His girlfriend said something that caused them to break up after four years. Frankie J then begins telling how sad he is, and how great it was, such as when he explains that they used to spend hours talking on the telephone and imagine their dream home. Then, he tells us that his girlfriend apparently realized it was a mistake leaving him. She wants to start anew with Frankie. But he doesn't, not after what she put him through. Yet, he still has feelings for her. So basically Frankie J wants this relationship to be over. He still loves her but it just won't work.

</doc>
<doc id="2870977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870977" title="Provost (religion)">
Provost (religion)

A provost is a senior official in a number of Christian churches.
Historical Development.
The word "praepositus" (Latin: "set over", from "praeponere", "to place in front") was originally applied to any ecclesiastical ruler or dignitary. It was soon more specifically applied to the immediate subordinate to the abbot of a monastery, or to the superior of a single cell, and it was defined as such in the Rule of St Benedict. The dean ("decanus") was a similarly ranked official. Chrodegang of Metz adopted this usage from the Benedictines when he introduced the monastic organization of canon-law colleges, especially cathedral capitular colleges. The provostship ("praepositura") was normally held by the archdeacon, while the office of dean was held by the archpriest. In many colleges, the temporal duties of the archdeacons made it impossible for them to fulfil those of the provostship, and the headship of the chapter thus fell to the dean.
The title became "prevost" in Old French, and then "prévôt" in modern French, before being adopted as "provost" in English.
Denmark.
In Denmark a "provst" is the leader of a "provsti", an administrative territorial unit which comprises several parishes (Danish: Sogn). The "Provst" is the immediate superior of the "parish priest" (Danish: Sognepræst) but is normally also a parish priest in one of the local parishes. Several "provstier" (plural) form a Diocese (Danish: Stift).
Germany.
While the modern spelling is Propst, in an historical context the spelling Probst may also occur. Historically, the title is also found among Military chaplains, both Roman Catholic and Protestant. (e.g. "Feldpropst" in Prussia).
Anglican Church.
In England, the title of provost in cathedrals was almost completely replaced by that of dean, although sometimes when a bishop nominated himself as dean of his own cathedral, a provost was appointed as his deputy.
In cathedrals which were also parish churches, however, especially the newly created cathedrals of the 19th and 20th centuries, the senior priest (who was also the parish priest) continued to be known as the provost. This title was used by the head priests of Birmingham Cathedral, Blackburn Cathedral, Bradford Cathedral, Chelmsford Cathedral, Coventry Cathedral, Derby Cathedral, Leicester Cathedral, Newcastle Cathedral, Portsmouth Cathedral, St. Edmundsbury Cathedral, Sheffield Cathedral, Southwark Cathedral, Southwell Minster, and Wakefield Cathedral, but all were redesignated deans in 2000.
In the Scottish Episcopal Church tradition continues. The leading priests of the cathedrals, with the exception of the Cathedral of the Isles on Cumbrae, are called provost.
The usage is preserved in the title of the heads of some colleges in England formerly administered by the Church.
Roman Catholic Church.
In Germany, the heads of certain Roman Catholic chapters are still known as "Probst" or "Propst".
"Propstei" or "Propstei(pfarr)gemeinde" is the honorary designation for some important, old Roman Catholic churches in Germany; most honorary titles date back to the 20th century. The provosts (see "Propst" in German), being ordinary parish priests, have the privilege of wearing a prelate's dress (black-purple) and using a pectoral cross hung by a ribbon.
The office of provost in the Roman Catholic Church, particularly when applied to the monastic role, falls under the category of prelate, with a rank equivalent to that of a bishop. In a society of apostolic life such as an Oratory of St Philip Neri, the provost is the major religious superior of his particular oratory. It is customary among Oratorians to call the provost "THE father" as he is "primus inter pares", and a father in the place of the founder, St Philip Neri.
Protestant Churches (General).
After the Protestant Reformation, usually following pre-Reformation traditional usage, and in connexion with certain churches, some Protestant pastors bore the title of provost. In these cases it was merely an honorific rank, without any special place in the church hierarchy. Such usage occurred, for example, in the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union and its successor Evangelical Church in Berlin-Brandenburg.
In certain Landeskirchen within the Evangelical Church in Germany, the title is still used for a pastor officiating as chairperson in a provostry (e.g. in the Lutheran Evangelical Lutheran State Church in Brunswick, Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Mecklenburg and in the united Evangelical Church in Hesse and Nassau, and the Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony). In the above-mentioned Lutheran churches, a provostry is equal to a deanery, and, in the two united churches, it is a unit comprising several deaneries.
Moreover, in the united Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia, the provost is the theological leader of the consistory.
Monasteries and Religious Houses.
The heads of Augustinian and Dominican friaries are termed "provost or prior" ("praepositus vel prior"), and those of Cistercian monasteries "provost or warden" ("praepositus vel custos"). The superiors of the Oratory are also known as provosts, as noted above.
Religious Orders.
In some religious orders, especially those under the patronage of royalty or nobility, the ecclesial management of the Order is placed under the jurisdiction of a provost.

</doc>
<doc id="2870978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870978" title="James Maclaren">
James Maclaren

James MacLaren (March 19, 1818 – February 10, 1892) was an early settler and entrepreneur in western Quebec.
He was born in Glasgow, Scotland in 1818. He came to Richmond in Upper Canada with his family in 1822. The family then settled in Torobolton Township and then moved to Wakefield in Lower Canada in the 1840s. James and his brother David opened a general store, grist mill, woollen mill and brick plant in Wakefield. James also became involved in the timber trade.
In 1853, he leased a sawmill in New Edinburgh from Thomas McKay with partners including Moss Kent Dickinson and Joseph Merrill Currier. By 1861, he was able to buy out his partners and, in 1866, he purchased the mills after McKay's death. In 1864, again with partners, he bought sawmills at Buckingham, later buying out his partners.
He also helped found the Hull Iron Company in 1880, the North Pacific Lumber Company of British Columbia in 1889 and the Bank of Ottawa, later merged with Scotiabank, in 1894. MacLaren also had business interests in Vermont, Massachusetts and Michigan. 
He died in Buckingham in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="2870983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870983" title="Jo Chen">
Jo Chen

Jo Chen (; born July 4, 1976) is a female comic book artist and writer best known for her highly detailed painted comic book covers. She is also known by the pen name, TogaQ, and is known as Jun Togai ("Togai Jun" 咎井淳) in the Japanese comic industry.
Early life.
Chen was born in Taipei, Taiwan and emigrated to the United States in late 1994.
Career.
Working professionally in the Asian comic book industry since age fourteen, she began her career in the U.S. comic book industry with her art work for the Racer X mini-series, part of the Speed Racer series published by Wildstorm/D.C. Comics in 2000.
She established herself producing interiors and covers for titles including "Darkminds: Macropolis", "Battle of the Planets", "Robotech", "Fight For Tomorrow", "Taskmaster", "The Demon", "Thor", and "(Batman &) Robin". Currently she is most well known to American comic readers as the cover artist of "Runaways", and Joss Whedon's "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 8 "and the current "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 9" comics published by Dark Horse Comics. She will also participate on the Whedon-Dark Horse "Angel" book.
In other media, Chen has also produced packaging artwork for Microsoft's popular "Xbox" "Fable", "", "Fable II" and "Fable III" RPGs, and done covers for (a Final Fantasy cover for the January 2002 issue and a Tomb Raider cover for the February 2003 issue).
Under the pseudonym, TogaQ, she and author, Kichiku Neko (aka, Narcissus) created the yaoi doujinshi-turned manga series, In These Words. The title was eventually picked up by Japanese publisher, Libre Publishing and serialized in the boys' love comic anthology, "Be x Boy Gold".
She is the younger sister of artist Christina Chen and lives with her family outside of Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="2870992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870992" title="Willem de Mérode">
Willem de Mérode

Willem de Mérode (September 2, 1887, Spijk – May 22, 1939, Eerbeek) was the pseudonym of the Dutch poet, Willem Eduard Keuning. 
Biography.
Willem Eduard Keuning was born in the Netherlands on 2 September 1887, at Spijk (Groningen). He started writing at the age of fifteen.
Between 1907 and 1924 he was a teacher at the primary school in Uithuizermeeden. He was a subtle man, deeply religious. He explored many genres of writing, using a different pseudonym for every style. He wrote over 2,300 poems, but didn't publish all of them. His homosexuality made him controversial, especially in his religious environment. 
In 1924 he was accused of sexual misconduct with a boy of 16 whom he knew from the school where he taught. In those days heterosexual contact between adults and minors as from 16 years was allowed, however homosexual contact in that context was not (Hans Hafkamp). The authorities of provence Groningen convicted him and he served 8 months in jail in 1924 as a result. In addition he was not allowed to practise his job as a teacher for 3 years. The boy concerned had not accused De Mérode. He and his parents stayed friends with De Mérode their whole life. The prison time hurt him deeply and afterwards he withdrew to Eerbeek and lived his life almost as a recluse. Nevertheless, he wrote his best work during and after his sentence.
Willem de Mérode loved to travel and see art. He visited several cities, amongst them Paris, Rome, Venice and München. However, travelling was very demanding for him as he was always wrestling with his health.
In 1939, after a poetic mood during which he wrote over 70 poems, he became ill and on 22 May he died. Willem de Merode/Willem Eduard Keuning is buried in Eerbeek, a small village in the middle of the Netherlands, where he spent most of his years after his devastating prison time.
Literature in English.
Hans Hafkamp, 'The life of a Christian boy-lover. The poet Willem de Mérode (1887–1939)', in: "Paidika" volume 1 number 1 (summer 1987), p. 46-

</doc>
<doc id="2871000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871000" title="André Maranne">
André Maranne

André Maranne is a French-born English actor who appeared chiefly in English-language roles from the mid-1950s.
Career.
Born in Toulouse, France, Maranne's most prominent recurring role was Sergeant François Chevalier in six of "The Pink Panther" films, alongside Peter Sellers and Herbert Lom. Before the Pink Panther, he appeared as a French officer in The War Lover and cameoed in the James Bond movie "Thunderball". He also appeared in such diverse television programmes as "Jason King" ("Wanna buy a television series?", 1971), "Fawlty Towers" (as André in the 1975 "Gourmet Night" episode), "Lord Peter Wimsey" ("Clouds of Witness", 1972), "Yes Minister", "All Creatures Great and Small", and "Doctor Who" ("The Moonbase", 1967).
Maranne was also a co-presenter of four in the French Teaching Programme, "Bonjour Françoise" on the BBC in the 1960s and acted in all 8 episodes of "La Chasse au Trésor" (1967) as well as all 24 episodes of "Ensemble-French for Beginners" in the 1970s, also for the BBC.
According to some reports and the IMDB website, Maranne died in 1992, but this has never been substantiated.
In fact Toby Hadoke in the Doctor Who: The Moonbase DVD commentary has said that Maranne is still alive and that he had been invited but was unable to take part in the said commentary. However Herb Tanney (Blake Edwards' personal physician) claimed that Marrane died before Son of the Pink Panther went into production.

</doc>
<doc id="2871002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871002" title="Aydın Doğan">
Aydın Doğan

Aydın Doğan (born 15 April 1936 in Kelkit, Gümüşhane Province) is a Turkish billionaire media tycoon best known as the founder of Doğan Holding, one of Turkey's largest conglomerates.
Biography.
Born in 1936 as a member of a well-known family in Kelkit, Aydin Doğan got his elementary and secondary school education in Kelkit and finished high-school in Erzincan. Between 1956-60, he attended Istanbul Economy and Commerce Academy (later to become Marmara University). There, he became Student Community Leader.
In 1959, he registered his business at the Mecidiyekoy Tax Office and started his professional life trading construction equipment, as well as passenger and other commercial vehicles.
Doğan founded his first industrial company in 1974 and joined both the Assembly and the Administrative Board of the Istanbul Chamber of Commerce. In the years that followed, he served as a board member in the Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey.
Out of a small company with just three employees in 1961, he created one of Turkey's top conglomerates with over 13,000 direct employees and an additional 12,000 employment through companies servicing the businesses of Doğan Holding . 
Doğan's company became a publisher with the acquisition of the daily newspaper "Milliyet" in 1979. With the addition of the prestigious daily newspaper "Hurriyet" in 1994, he intensified his presence in the media. Between 1986 and 1996, he served as the head of the Association of Turkish Newspaper Publishers. In 2004, Doğan became the first elected Turkish Deputy Chairperson of World Association of Newspapers (WAN). The Doğan Media Holding he founded incorporates the newspapers "Posta", "Hürriyet", "Radikal", "Fanatik" and "Turkish Daily News", and 21 TV channels in Turkey and abroad.
Today, Doğan Holding is active in the fields of energy, media, industry, trade and tourism.
Doğan Holding is a public company quoted in Istanbul Stock Exchange. Its ticker symbol is DOHOL.
Philanthropy.
He established his Aydın Doğan Foundation in 1996, bringing social, cultural, educational activities of Doğan Holding under the same umbrella. To date, eight schools and a large sports complex have been built and named after himself and other family members. While mainly focusing on education, the foundation is also involved in organizing national and international conferences, conventions and seminars on economic, social, cultural and scientific issues. 
As part of its social and cultural activities, the foundation also conducts national and international competitions and awards prizes, such as the Aydın Doğan Award and the Aydın Doğan International Cartoon Competition, the world's largest and most respected in this field.
Tax investigation.
In 2009, the Ministry of Finance charged a tax fine in amount of about 3.8 billion Turkish Lira (approx. 2.53 billion USD) on some companies within the Doğan Media Holding. 
Doğan Holding claimed that the decision to impose a tax fine to the group was based on "subjective" evaluations. They argued that if similar fines were to be imposed on other companies on similar grounds, all the share transactions in Turkey could easily be subjected to the same treatment and fined by the tax authorities. And since that was not the case and it was only Dogan Group that was penalized by the Ministry of Finance, the case was politically motivated, they implied. 
This implication was voiced strongly by the spokespersons of international bodies like the European Union, while the issue became a priority item in Turkish political agenda.
Doğan Holding held negotiations with the Ministry of Finance in line with the existing legislation. An agreement was concluded and in October 2012, Doğan paid the remainder of the agreed fine earlier than scheduled and thus resolved the tax issue completely.
After 1977 until 2009, Aydın Doğan personally has been the top taxpayer registered with the Istanbul Chamber of Commerce, either in Istanbul or in overall Turkey. He always equated pariotism with proper declaration and prompt payment of taxes.
Personal life.
He retired as head of Doğan Holding in January 1, 2010, handing over his post to his daughter, Arzuhan Doğan Yalçındağ, who was chairperson of the TV channel Kanal D and who also serves as head of the Turkish Industrialists' and Businessmen's Association (TÜSİAD), an association for businesspeople in Turkey. Currently Begümhan Doğan Faralyalı is the Chairwoman of Doğan Holding. Aydın Doğan continues to be the honorary president of the holding firm.
Mr. Doğan is married to Sema Doğan, and has four children and seven grandchildren. 
All of his daughters actively take part in the running of Doğan Holding businesses both public and private as Chairwomen of respective boards.
Awards.
In 1999, he was awarded Turkey's Outstanding Service Medal by the Turkish Government. He received four honorary doctorates in 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2005 respectively from Girne American University, Ege University, Baku State University and Marmara University.

</doc>
<doc id="2871008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871008" title="Santa Anita Derby">
Santa Anita Derby

The Santa Anita Derby is an American Grade 1 thoroughbred horse race for three-year-olds run each April at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California and carries a purse of $1 million. Inaugurated in 1935, it is considered the most important West Coast stepping-stone to the Kentucky Derby. Since its inception, seven Santa Anita Derby winners have gone on to win the Kentucky Derby.
Now run at a distance of miles (9 Furlongs), for the first three years it was miles, and at miles in 1947. Until 2008 the race had been run on dirt surface. The race has been contested on Cushion Track (2008) and Pro-Ride (2009 & 2010) artificial surfaces. In 2011, the race returned to dirt.
Prep races leading to the Santa Anita Derby include the San Rafael Stakes, San Miguel Stakes, Sham Stakes, San Vicente Stakes, San Pedro Stakes, the Robert B. Lewis Stakes and the San Felipe Stakes, all run at Santa Anita Park.
As a result of World War II, there were no races held from 1942 to 1944.
Records.
Speed Record:<br> 
Three horses share the record for the fastest winning time of 1:47.00:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a Trainer:
Special Bonus.
Paths to $5,500,000 Preakness Bonus: <br>
1) win Holy Bull Stakes + win the Florida Derby + win The Preakness Stakes<br>
2) win Fountain of Youth Stakes + win the Florida Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
3) win Robert B. Lewis Stakes + win the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
4) win San Felipe Stakes + win the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
5) win El Camino Real Derby + win the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes
Paths to $550,000 XpressBet Bonus: <br>
1) run in Holy Bull Stakes + win, place or show in the Florida Derby or win, place or show in the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
2) run in Fountain of Youth Stakes + win, place or show in the Florida Derby or win, place or show in the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
3) run in Robert B. Lewis Stakes + win, place or show in the Florida Derby or win, place or show in the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
4) run in San Felipe Stakes + win, place or show in the Florida Derby or win, place or show in the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes <br>
5) run in El Camino Real Derby + win, place or show in the Florida Derby or win, place or show in the Santa Anita Derby + win The Preakness Stakes

</doc>
<doc id="2871011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871011" title="Foundation for American Veterans">
Foundation for American Veterans

Foundation for American Veterans, Inc. (FAV) is a non-profit organization with the general mission of providing assistance to American veterans in cases where limits of Federal, State, or local assistance have been reached. The organization aims to assist persons regardless of the branch of military service in which they served. From an examination of letters of thanks provided on-line by the Foundation for general viewing, it can be surmised that the majority of the financial works of the Foundation are in the form of donations in the $US1,000 to $US2,000 range to facilities serving veterans, in particular hospitals, as opposed to donations to individual veterans. The Foundation also maintains a database of Web-links for sites of particular interest to veterans.
Events.
A accompanying some requests sent to the general public in 2005 lists a number of programs and events that the Foundation sponsors or contributes to, including:
Criticisms.
FAV, however, does not provide financial details on its Web site. Charity Navigator reports that as little as 6% of donated funds are spent on veterans' services.
They have been accused of harassment because of their persistent calling of anyone who can be identified as a veteran.

</doc>
<doc id="2871024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871024" title="Gotō Mototsugu">
Gotō Mototsugu

, also known as , was a "samurai" of the late Sengoku through early Edo periods. He served Kuroda Yoshitaka but retired from the Kuroda clan after Kuroda Yoshitaku had died. Finally, he served Toyotomi Hideyori and was killed at the battle of Dōmyōji during the siege of Osaka in 1615.
At the second siege of Jinju, during Hideyoshi's invasion of Korea, Gotō was the first samurai to enter Jinju castle.
During the siege of Osaka, Gotō was one of the most able and fierce generals in Toyotomi Hideyori's Western Army. He was the chief commander at the battle of Dōmyōji where, severely outnumbered by Date Masamune troops, he held out for reinforcements, which were lost in the fog. Unable to maintain the position without the reinforcements, Mototsugu was harmed by a stray bullet and unable to stand, he practiced seppuku. It is said in his kaishaku memoir that he couldn't stop his tears. 
After his death, Mototsugu's samurais were easily defeated and his head discovered by enemy forces. History said that his display of valor this day was great enough to shock everyone, allies and enemies : leading his warriors in hit & run tactics, he killed 70 to 80 horse-men by himself. He stopped only because his horse was exhausting and he needed another to continue the fight.
In popular culture 
He is a playable character in video game Sengoku_Basara_4 ( PS3 ).
He appears in Manga " Sengoku Tenshoki ". 

</doc>
<doc id="2871034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871034" title="Mount Hunter">
Mount Hunter

Mount Hunter can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871038" title="Afro-Peruvian">
Afro-Peruvian

Afro-Peruvians (also Afro Peruvians) are citizens of Peru descended from Africans who were enslaved and brought to the Western hemisphere with the arrival of the conquistadors towards the end of the slave trade.
Early history.
The first Africans arrived with the conquistadors in 1521, mostly as slaves, and some returned with colonists to settle in 1525. Between 1529 and 1537, when Francisco Pizarro was granted permits to import 363 slaves to colonial Peru, a large group of Africans were imported to do labor for public construction, building bridges and road systems. They also fought alongside the conquistadors as soldiers and worked as personal servants and bodyguards. In 1533 Afro-Peruvian slaves accompanied Spaniards in the conquest of Cuzco. 
Two types of black slaves were imported to Peru. Those who were native-born in Africa were commonly referred to as "bozales"("unskilled", "untrained"), which was also used in a derogatory sense. These slaves could have been directly shipped from west or southwest Africa or transported from the Spanish Indies or other Spanish colonies. Afro-Peruvians previously acculturated to Spanish culture and who spoke Spanish were called "Ladinos"; some were mixed-race, descendants of Spanish men and African women. People of color performed a variety of skilled and unskilled functions that contributed to Hispanic colonization. 
In urban areas Afro-Peruvians were cooks, laundresses, maids, handymen, and gardeners. In some cases, they worked in the navy, hospitals, churches and charitable institutions. In 1587, 377 workers of African descent worked in the shipyards. The industry included a significant number of blacks working in quarries, kilns and various construction projects. There were not a sufficient number of Spanish workers to build the colony, so blacks essentially kept the economy running. Gradually, Afro-Peruvians were concentrated in specialized fields that drew upon their extensive knowledge and training in skilled artisan work and in agriculture. 
Within the social hierarchy of the slave stratum, the black artisans had the highest rank due to their skills. They worked as carpenters, tailors, blacksmiths, swordsmiths and silversmiths. This group enjoyed more freedom than their fellows who worked at large haciendas or in private households. Spanish small-business keepers would dispatch a whole team of servant-artisans to do a job independently and then return to their owner. As the prices for artisans rose, black artisans gained better better treatment and sometimes took a role of a low-ranking employee. Skilled trades were a major avenue of social progress for the colored population. Due to their high skills, Afro-Peruvians gained prestige among Spanish noblemen. They occupied a relatively low social stratum, but had some status related to the natives, and were considered above the emerging class of mestizos (descendants of indigenous people and Spanish colonists). But, as the mestizo population grew, the role of Afro-Peruvians as intermediaries between the indigenous residents and the Spaniards lessened. The mestizo population increased through liaisons between Spanish and indigenous Peruvians. The elite Spanish developed a caste system based on racial descent and color, to protect their privileges and their Spanish and mestizo children. In this system, Spaniards were at the top, mestizos in the middle, and Africans and the indigenous populations at the bottom. Mestizos inherited the privilege of helping the Spanish administer the country. 
As additional immigrants arrived from Spain and settled Peru, the mestizos tried to keep the most lucrative jobs for themselves. In the early colonial period, Afro-Spaniards and Afro-Peruvians frequently worked in the gold mines because of their familiarity with the techniques. Gold mining and smithing were common in parts of western Africa from at least the fourth century. But, after the early colonial period, few Afro-Peruvians would become goldsmiths or silversmiths. In the end Afro-Peruvians were relegated to heavy labor on sugarcane and rice plantations of the northern coast, or the vineyards and cotton fields of the southern coast. In the countryside they were represented in wet-nursing, housekeeping, domestics, cowboys, animal herding, etc. After Indians became scarce as labor force on haciendas, the people of color gained a title of "yanakuna", hitherto assigned only to indigenous servants with full right to own a piece of land and a day to work on it. Afro-Peruvians often exercised agency by using "huido" (translated as escape, flight) from haciendas and changing masters on their own initiative, or joining the "cimarrones" (armed gangs of runaway slaves that formed small communities in the wilderness and raided travel merchants). The indigenous population were used to work in the silver mines, where they had more expert knowledge than West Africans or Spanish, even in the pre-Columbian eras.
Slave trade.
Over the course of the slave trade, approximately 95,000 slaves were brought into Peru, with the last group arriving in 1850. Often slaves were initially transported to Cuba and Hispaniola, from where traders brought them to Panama and the Viceroyalty of Peru. Planters and others also purchased slaves in Cartagena, Colombia or Veracruz, Mexico, at trade fairs, and they returned to Peru with the new slaves imported by the slave ships. As a result of the "New laws" of 1548 and the influence of the denunciation of the abuses against Native Americans by Friar Bartolomé de las Casas, slaves gradually replaced natives at the encomiendas. 
Slave owners in Peru developed preferences to have slaves from specific areas of Africa (believed to have certain characteristics); they wanted to have slaves of one area who could communicate with each other. They believed slaves from Guinea, from the Senegal River down to the Slave Coast, were easier to manage and had marketable skills. They already knew how to plant and cultivate rice, train horses, and herd cattle on horseback. The slave owners also preferred slaves from the area stretching from Nigeria to eastern Ghana. The slave owners' third choice was for slaves from Congo, Mantenga, Cambado, Misanga, Mozambique, Madagascar, Terranova (who were probably bought in Porto-Novo, Benin), Mina and Angola. 
In the 17th century some owners began the process of manumission of people of color. In some cases, slaves were allowed to buy their freedom, and a free Afro-Peruvian social class emerged. Slaves had to pay a high amount to buy their freedom; some were allowed to earn money on the side or, if leased out, keep a portion of their earnings. Others raised loans, and some were granted freedom by their master. Even when free, independent blacks were not considered equal to Spaniards. Free people of color enjoyed equal privileges in certain aspects, for instance, there are records of free Africans buying and selling land as well. Freed blacks engaged in various entrepreneurial activities, of which trade was a significant factor. Some people of African descent became owners of shops. But, the status of a free citizen brought new challenges and conditions that a man of color had to face. A freed person of color needed to have a job, was required to pay the tribute, was called to serve in the militia to defend the state. All were under supervision of the Holy Office. 
The Crown raised revenues on the freed black population. A decree that compelled former slaves to hire themselves out to and reside with a Spaniard master was another way to limit freedom of emancipated blacks. While some did stay with Spanish in order to save money, the large majority successfully defied the rule and began building "joint communities" to support each other. A discrimination policy with big and long-term impact was the exclusion of blacks and mulattoes from education. Universities and schools largely run by the Church forbade the non-white population to enroll, under the justification that they were "unworthy of being educated". Wealthy, skilled, capable mulattoes however made their way through the political ladder and achieved occupation of minor official posts.
In 1856, President Ramón Castilla y Marquezado declared the freedom of the Afro-Peruvian ethnic groups and abolished slavery, beginning a new stage in history. Today, Afro-Peruvian communities celebrate the landmark decision of Castilla with a popular refrain:
The newly freed citizens typically took the last name of their former owners. For instance, slaves in the service of the Florez family named themselves "Florez" or "Flores".
Afro-Peruvian music.
Afro-Peruvian music has its roots in the communities of black slaves brought to work in the mines along the Peruvian coast. As such, it's a fair way from the Andes, culturally and geographically. However, as it developed, particularly in the 20th century, it drew on Andean, Spanish, and African traditions, while its modern exponents also have affinities with Andean "nueva canción". The music was little known even in Peru until the 1950s, when it was popularized by the seminal performer Nicomedes Santa Cruz, whose body of work was taken a step further in the 1970s by the group Perú Negro and then in 2002 by Peru Expresion. Internationally, this form of music has had recent international publicity through David Byrne's Luaka Bop label, issuing the compilation "Perú Negro" and solo albums by Susana Baca.
Afro-Peruvians today.
Today, Afro-Peruvians (also known as Afrodescent Peruvians) reside mainly on the central and south coast, with the majority of the population in the provinces of Lima, Callao, Nazca, Chincha, Ica and Cañete. Many Afro-Peruvians live on the northern coast in Lambayeque and Piura. The greatest concentration of Afro-Peruvians and mestizos of Afrodescent is in the Callao, an area that has historically received many of the Afro-Peruvians from the north and southern coast. 
On the southern coast of the Ica Region, there are many cotton fields and vineyards, and the area is commonly known for its black populations such as that in El Carmen of the populous Chincha Province. There are other such towns in the Nazca, Ica City and in the district of San Luis in the Cañete Province near Lima, and Nazca to the south of Lima. In Lima, the towns best known for having large concentrations of Afro-descended populations are Puente Piedra, Chorrillos, Rimac, and La Victoria. 
Afro-Peruvians also reside in the northern regions of Peru such as La Libertad and Ancash, but the larger populations are concentrated in the northern valley plantations of the regions of Piura and Lambayeque.
Most Afro-Peruvian communities live in rural farming areas where mango, rice, and sugarcane production is present. Contrary to the southern coast, these communities are mainly found away from the coastal shores and into the region of the "yungas", where the plain meets the Andes. 
The greatest Afro-Peruvian populations of the north coast are found mainly in the outskirts of the Morropón Province and concentrate themselves in Piura and Tumbes. The central province of Morropón is well known for its black communities in cities such as Chulucanas, Yapatera, Chapica del Carmelo, La Matanza, Pabur (Hacienda Pabur), Morropón, Salitral, Buenos Aires, San Juan de Bigote and Canchaque, and to the north Tambogrande. All of these cities belong to the Piura Region, where there are large rice fields and mango plantations. South of the Lambayeque Region and north of La Libertad where sugarcane production was very productive in the past, there are several cities known for their black inhabitants. Examples are the colonial city of Saña in Lambayeque, famous for being the second most important Afro-Peruvian city of the Peruvian north. Tuman, Capote, Cayaltí, and Batán Grande within the region of Lambayeque also have large amounts of Afro-Peruvian populations in the sugarcane region.
The populations of Chancay and Aucallama are known in the province of Huaral, and the town of Acarí, in the province of Caravelí, to the north of Arequipa. In northern regions like Libertad and Ancash, Afro-Peruvians also exist, but in lesser measure, since the great majority of that population is concentrated in the regions of Piura and Lambayeque.
Recently it has been verified that the community with the greatest concentration of Afro-Peruvians is Yapatera in Morropón (Piura), made up of around 7,000 farmers who are largely descended from African slaves of "malagasy" (Madagascar) origin. They are referred to as "malgaches" or "mangaches".
Formerly, Chincha to the south of Lima and other communities in Ica were known as the towns of greatest Afro-Peruvian concentration, but due to the excessive mixing between the Afro inhabitants native to the area and the Andean migrants, the Afro-Peruvian root has been more hybridized. Also, many of the Afrodescent residents of these communities migrated towards Lima for better opportunities.
Freed slaves also arrived in small valleys in the rain forests of the Amazon such as Cerro de Pasco and Huánuco and there are still small populations with African ancestry in these areas.
Government apology.
In November 2009, the Peruvian government issued an official apology to Peru's Afro-Peruvian people for centuries of racial injustice; it was the first such apology ever made by the government. The apology, announced by Women's and Social Development Minister Nidia Vilchez, was initially published in the official newspaper "El Peruano". The apology said: 
Vilchez said the government hoped its apology would help promote the "true integration of all Peru's multicultural population."
The government acknowledged that some discrimination persists against Afro-Peruvians, who make up 5-10% of the population of the country. The government's initial statement said, "The government recognizes and regrets that vestiges of racially-motivated harassment are still present, which represent a hindrance to social, economic, labor and educational development of the population at large." Monica Carrillo of the Center for Afro-Peruvian Studies and Promotion indicates that 27 percent of Afro-Peruvians finish high school and just 2 percent get higher or technical education. Although Peru is not the first Latin American government to apologize to its population, it is the first to acknowledge present-day discrimination. Although some human rights groups lauded the government's acknowledgement, other experts criticized the apology overall for failing to reference slavery or promise a change in the status quo.
The public ceremony for the apology held on 7 December 2009 in the Great Dining Room of the Government Palace, with the presence of President Garcia, Minister of Women and Social Development, Nidia Vilchez, the only Afro Peruvian Congress member Martha Moyano, along with the former mayor of El Carmen, Hermes Palma-Quiroz, and the founder of the Black Movement Francisco Congo, Paul Colino-Monroy.
In the ceremony, President Garcia said: 

</doc>
<doc id="2871044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871044" title="Isidore Epstein">
Isidore Epstein

"This article is about the rabbinical scholar. For the astronomer of a similar name see: Isadore Epstein (1919-1995)"
Rabbi Dr. Ezekiel Isidore Epstein (1894–1962), was an Orthodox rabbi and rabbinical scholar in England. He served as rabbi of Middlesbrough Hebrew Congregation (1920-1928), following which he joined the teaching staff of Jews' College, London. In 1945 he was appointed Director of Studies and subsequently principal. He retired in 1961.
Born in Kovno, Lithuania, he studied at the Pressburg Yeshiva in his youth, as well as in Paris under Rabbi Zadoc Kahn, chief rabbi of France. He received "semikhah" (ordination) from Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook, Rabbi Isaiah Silberstein of Vacz, and Rabbi Yisrael Chaim Daiches of Leeds, England.
Epstein is best known for serving as the editor of the first complete English translation of the Babylonian Talmud, by the Soncino Press (London, 36 volumes, 1935-1952). He recruited many rabbis and scholars for the massive project, personally reviewing all of the work as it was produced, and co-ordinating the many details of notation, and transliteration of Hebrew words.
Rabbi Epstein was also an editor of Joseph H. Hertz' "Pentateuch and Haftorahs" (1929-1936), and editor a collection of papers (published 1935) in connection with the eighth centenary of the birth of Maimonides (b.1135), as well as being the author of numerous scholarly books relating to Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="2871052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871052" title="IBM Academic Operating System">
IBM Academic Operating System

Academic Operating System (AOS) was IBM's version of 4.3BSD Unix for the IBM RT. It was offered to academic institutions as an alternative to AIX, the usual RT operating system.
AOS had a few extra features, compared to standard 4.3BSD, notably NFS, and an almost ANSI C-compliant C compiler.
A later version of AOS existed that was derived from 4.3BSD-Reno, but it never was widely distributed.

</doc>
<doc id="2871054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871054" title="Windermere Island">
Windermere Island

Windermere Island is a small island located in The Bahamas. It is about five and a half miles long, and is noted for its beaches and its celebrity visitors, who use it as a private retreat. The island is connected to the larger island of Eleuthera by a short bridge, which is protected by a guardhouse. The bridge was built by Lord Trefgarne; who was a former owner of the Island. The adjoining waters and flats of Savannah Sound are considered to be a premier bonefishing location, and Windermere's five-mile long beach is protected by a five-mile long reef which is rich in fish and underwater flora. The beach was considered by Jacques-Yves Cousteau to be one of the two most beautiful in the world. 
It is also located in the same bay as Camp Bahamas. If you walk along the beach you will come across hundreds of hermit crabs and countless conch sells. These shells are absolutely beautiful and a great souvenir. There are also many small sand crabs and whale sharks (very friendly; these are the kind of sharks you can swim with at Atlantis).
The island is populated with private homes and the legendary Windermere Island Club. The Windermere Island Club is under new ownership in the process of revitalization. Diana Princess of Wales holidayed in one of the houses, and enjoyed the beach in Savannah Sound, from where a member of the paparazzi snapped the infamous picture of the pregnant Princess in a swimsuit. Famous residents have included Jacques-Yves Cousteau, The Duke and Duchess of Abercorn (James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Abercorn), India Hicks, and The Johnson Family (Lyndon B. Johnson). Members of the British royal family visit the island regularly, often arriving by private Helicopter. In April 2008, the island was the setting for the wedding of singer Mariah Carey to comedian Nick Cannon, when they were married at her private residence on the island.
External links.
Windermere Island Club

</doc>
<doc id="2871061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871061" title="Iberia, Ohio">
Iberia, Ohio

Iberia is a census-designated place in western Washington Township, Morrow County, Ohio, United States. The community is served by the Northmor Local School District which operates Iberia Elementary School in the community. Iberia is near to Galion, and Martel. The ZIP code assigned to Iberia by the United States Postal Service is 43325. The current population of Iberia is less than 200 as of the 2000 census. Iberia is northwest of Mount Gilead, the county seat.
Geography.
Iberia is located in Central Ohio at 40°67'034" North, 82°84'357" West (40.67034, -82.84357), at the junction of State Route 309 and Morrow County Road 30.
History.
Iberia was founded in 1827 and plated in 1832 by Frederick Meyers and Samuel Foster. The name of the community was suggested by Robert Rowland who was visiting family members that had settled in the area. On modern maps, the town is located at the junction of State Route 309 and Morrow County Road 30.
Iberia was once the home of Iberia College, later Ohio Central College, a Presbyterian Church affiliated institution of higher learning. The college is most closely aligned with its most notable graduate, Warren G. Harding, the 29th President of the United States. Following the cessation of classes, the records and alumni of Ohio Central College were assumed by Muskingum College of New Concord, Ohio.
Another man affiliated with Iberia College was its first president, the Rev. George A. Gordon, an abolitionist and local Presbyterian minister who refused a presidential pardon granted by Abraham Lincoln. The minister had been convicted for violating the Fugitive Slave Law. He died in 1868 and was buried in Iberia Cemetery. His actions were but a part of the operations of the Underground Railroad, along which Iberia was a significant host to several "stations".
Iberia's greatest period of growth occurred at turn of the 20th Century when the community served as a farm community center. For a short period in the 1920s, the town was located along the "Marion" spur of the Lincoln Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="2871068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871068" title="Bootie Call">
Bootie Call

"Bootie Call" is a song performed by British-Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album, "All Saints" (1998). The song was co-written by group member Shaznay Lewis in collaboration with its producer, Karl Gordon. "Bootie Call" was first released on 31 August 1998 by London Records as All Saints' fourth official single. It was released on cassette, CD and 12" format accompanied by a B-side entitled "Get Down" as well as previous hit "I Know Where It's At" and a remix of "Never Ever". "Bootie Call" achieved chart success; topping the UK Singles Chart on 6 September 1998, and at the same time becoming the group's third consecutive number-one hit. The single also performed well internationally; peaking within the top ten in The Netherlands and Ireland, and the top forty in Belgium and Sweden.
Music video.
A music video was produced to promote the single. It featured All Saints sitting and lying down in an open top car while singing the song. There was also clips of a group of people walking down the street wearing matching outfits, various people being silly with the phone, break dancing in the street and a woman playing golf on top of the phone box.
Tracklist.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Bootie Call".

</doc>
<doc id="2871075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871075" title="Rosemary Sage">
Rosemary Sage

Professor Rosemary Sage is a British academic who specialises in the field of education, with particular focus on communication and special educational needs. Since 2008, she has been a Professor of Education at the College of Teachers, based at the Institute of Education of the University of London. She previously worked at Liverpool Hope University, where she was made a Professor of Communication in Education in 2007, and at the University of Leicester, where she was a Senior Lecturer. She has also been a Visiting Professor at Nara Women's University in Japan and at the University of Havana in Cuba. She has published several books and over 100 articles in international academic journals. Her Communication Opportunity Group Strategy has earned her national and international awards. 
Sage has served as the President of Human Communication International, as a member of Sir Michael Rutter's Advisory Committee on Language Research, as a member of the Research Committee of the British Stammering Association, and as an educational advisor to the Royal College of Speech and Language Therapists. She has also served as a trustee of the Association for Speech Impaired Children and of the Independent Panel for Education Advice.

</doc>
<doc id="2871078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871078" title="Blast valve">
Blast valve

A blast valve is used to protect a shelter, such as a fallout shelter or bunker, from the effects of sudden outside air pressure changes. A nuclear weapon creates a shock wave, which may produce sudden pressure changes of more than an atmosphere (about 15 pounds per square inch) even several miles or kilometers from the detonation point. After the shock wave passes, a sudden negative pressure follows.
If such pressure waves enter a shelter, they will likely do substantial harm to occupants and equipment. A blast valve is placed in air intake/exhaust pipes, that remains open normally, but automatically closes when strong pressure is applied in either direction. Blast dampers operate in the same fashion and are related or identical to Blast valves, the former name however is generally used to describe blast mitigation devices, for more, conventional explosive events.
A typical blast valve has entries of 6-12" diameter (150–300 mm), and a larger center section. Within the center section is a disk mounted on an axle, with weak springs that keep it centered, away from both entries. Pressure displaces the disk along the axle, until it plugs one entry or the other. After the blast, the springs return the disk to the center, re-opening the valve.
Another type of blast valve employs rounded metal tubes held in place by springs. As pressure rises it pushes the tubes against the frame of the valve closing the opening. These valves are typically unidirectional in airflow and are employed in large wall structures where large amounts of airflow is required.
One form of expedient blast valve, popularized by the book Nuclear War Survival Skills and tested by ORNL is worn flat rubber tire treads nailed or bolted to frames strong enough to resist the maximum overpressure, with tested closing times cited as being identical to commercial grade blast valves, however the use of this form of blast valve design must also take the risk of the flammable rubber catching fire into consideration. 

</doc>
<doc id="2871092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871092" title="Robert Gordon Sproul">
Robert Gordon Sproul

Robert Gordon Sproul (May 22, 1891 – September 10, 1975) was eleventh President of the University of California serving from 1930 to 1958.
Biography.
Sproul was born in California in 1891 to Robert and Sarah Elizabeth Sproul. He is the elder brother of central banker
Allan Sproul, who served as chairman of the New York Federal Reserve. 
Sproul's outstanding contribution during his 28-year administration was the multiple-campus expansion of the University to meet the demands for higher education in widely separated parts of the state, while maintaining one institution governed by one Board of Regents and one President.
Sproul was a member of the Bohemian Club, and sponsored Ernest Lawrence's membership in 1932.
California governor Earl Warren asked his former classmate and fellow 1911 member of the University of California Band, Sproul to place his name in nomination for the office of vice president of the United States at the 1948 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
By the time he left office in 1958, the University of California, Berkeley, was a distinguished university recognized worldwide for the excellence of its programs. And the University of California had a total of eight campuses from Davis to Los Angeles. 
Sproul Hall and Sproul Plaza on the UC Berkeley campus, site of numerous political rallies since the 1930s, are named for him. In addition, a research vessel utilized by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at University of California, San Diego, is named for him. 
At nine stories, UC Davis's Sproul Hall is the tallest building in Yolo County.

</doc>
<doc id="2871111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871111" title="Cluniac Reforms">
Cluniac Reforms

The Cluniac Reforms (also called Clunian Reforms) were a series of changes within medieval monasticism of the Western Church focused on restoring the traditional monastic life, encouraging art, and caring for the poor. The movement was founded at Cluny in 910 by Duke William I (875-918), where it started within the Benedictine order. The reforms were largely carried out by Saint Odo (c. 878 – 942) and spread throughout France (Burgundy, Provence, Auvergne, Poitou), into England, and through much of Italy and Spain.
Corruption.
The impetus for the reforms was corruption within the church, particularly simony and concubinage. These abuses were thought to be a result of secular interference in the monasteries and of the Church's tight integration with the feudal and manorial systems. At the same time, the Papacy wished to reassert control of all clergy and to stop the investiture of bishops by secular rulers. Since a Benedictine monastery required land, it needed the patronage of a local lord. However, the lord would often demand rights and assert prerogatives that interfered with the operation of the monastery. The Cluny reform was an attempt to remedy these practices in the hope that a more independent abbot would better enforce the Rule of Saint Benedict.
Reform.
William the Pious, Duke of Aquitaine formed the first Cluny monastery in 910, with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord. This meant the monastery would be essentially independent. Further, the Abbot of Cluny retained authority over the daughter houses his order founded. By the twelfth century the Congregation of Cluny included more than a thousand monasteries.
Among the most notable supporters of the Cluniac reforms were Pope Urban II, Lambert of Hersfeld, and Richard of Verdun. The reforms encouraged the Church in the West to be more attentive to business and led the papacy to attempt to assert control over the Eastern Church.
Result.
During its height ("c." 950–c.1130), the Cluniac movement was one of the largest religious forces in Europe. At least as significantly as their political consequences, the reforms demanded greater religious devotion. The Cluniacs supported the Peace of God, and promoted pilgrimages to the Holy Lands. An increasingly rich liturgy stimulated demand for altar vessels of gold, fine tapestries and fabrics, stained glass, and polyphonic choral music to fill the Romanesque churches.
In 1075 Robert de Molesme, a Benedict monk from Cluny Abbey, had obtained the permission of Pope Gregory VII to found a monastery at Molesme in Burgundy. At Molesme Robert tried to restore monastery practice to the simple and severe character of the original Rule of Saint Benedict, called "Strict Observance". Being only partly successful in this at Molesme, Robert in 1098 led a band of 21 monks from their abbey at Molesme to establish a new monastery at Citeaux. The monks acquired a plot of marsh land just south of Dijon called Cîteaux ("Latin:" "Cistercium"), started to build a new monastery there which became Citeaux Abbey, the mother Abbey of the newly founded Cistercian order.

</doc>
<doc id="2871116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871116" title="War of Nerves">
War of Nerves

"War of Nerves" is a song by All Saints, which was released as the fifth and final single from their debut album, "All Saints". In the UK it peaked at #7 in the charts.
Track listing.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "War of Nerves".
<br clear=all> 
Music video.
The music video of "War of Nerves" is set in London's famous Met Bar in the Metropolitan Hotel. It also features a London bus with an advertisement for All Saints which was visible in London for quite a while. Member Melanie Blatt's pregnancy was also written in the concept for the video as she would be shown singing in the shower, exposing her belly in a silhouette. It also features a fight in a garage, between sisters Natalie and Nicole Appleton, they later comfort each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2871120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871120" title="BACCHUS Network">
BACCHUS Network

The BACCHUS Network was until recently known as the BACCHUS and GAMMA Peer Network. BACCHUS was once an acronym for Boosting Alcohol Consciousness Concerning the Health of University Students. GAMMA was the abbreviation for Greeks Advocating for Mature Management of Alcohol. Greek refers to members of collegiate social fraternities and sororities
The BACCHUS Network, an international association of college and university peer education programs, was founded in 1975 at the University of Florida. Since then the network has grown to have chapters in all 50 states, spawned an affiliated network in Canada and has a number of international chapters (Hong Kong, Mexico, etc.). It is a nonprofit public benefit corporation promoting peer to peer strategies as effective tools in health and safety education. Offices are located in Denver, Colorado[http://www.bacchusgamma.org/college-network-contacts.asp].
Source.
The BACCHUS Network

</doc>
<doc id="2871128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871128" title="Nokia Communicator">
Nokia Communicator

The Nokia Communicator is a brand name for a series of business-optimized smartphones marketed by Nokia Corporation, all of which appear as normal (if large) phones on the outside, and open in clamshell format to access a QWERTY keyboard and an LCD screen nearly the size of the device footprint.
Nokia Communicators have Internet connectivity and clients for Internet and non-Internet communication services. The earlier 9000 series Communicators introduced features which later evolved into smartphones. The latest Communicator model, the Nokia E90 Communicator, is part of the Nokia Eseries.
Members of the series are: 
The Nokia 9300 and 9300i (running Symbian OS version 7.0s) are very similar to the Nokia 9500 but were not marketed under the Communicator name by Nokia.

</doc>
<doc id="2871137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871137" title="Harrier Attack">
Harrier Attack

Harrier Attack is a computer game for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, Oric 1 and ZX Spectrum initially released in 1983 by Durell Software.
Summary.
The player controls a Sea Harrier fighter, looking sideways onto a right-to-left scrolling seascape and landscape. The aim of the game is to take off from a carrier, attack ships and land targets, avoid the odd missile and enemy fighter, then land back on the carrier again. Although the game was a work of fiction, it was inspired by the 1982 Falklands War, in which the Sea Harrier had played a major role.
One interesting little quirk to the game was that, it was possible to bomb your own ship as you took off from it. If you did this, when you returned it would no longer be there (having sunk, presumably) and being unable to land on it your plane would just continue flying until it ran out of fuel and crashed.
Durell managed to get the executable size down to just under 9 kilobytes, which allowed for a fast loading time from cassette.
The game sold over 250,000 copies in total.

</doc>
<doc id="2871152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871152" title="Nelly Wicky">
Nelly Wicky

Nelly Wicky (born 2 March 1923) is a Swiss politician of the Swiss Labour Party and former member of the Swiss National Council (1971-1975). Elected shortly after the introduction of women's suffrage, she was one of the first women in the National Council.

</doc>
<doc id="2871158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871158" title="Mount Hunter (Antarctica)">
Mount Hunter (Antarctica)

Mount Hunter () is a mountain, high, standing west-southwest of Duclaux Point on Pasteur Peninsula, Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. It was shown on an Argentine government chart in 1953, but not named. The mountain was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1956–57, and mapped from these photos in 1959. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for John Hunter, a British surgeon, comparative anatomist and physiologist, who revolutionized the approach to surgery as an exact science in relation to other aspects of medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2871176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871176" title="Heacham">
Heacham

Heacham () is a village of 4,707 inhabitants, located beside The Wash in north-western Norfolk, England, between King's Lynn, to the south and Hunstanton, about to the north.
History.
There is evidence of settlement in the Heacham area, for around the last 5,000 years, with numerous Neolithic and later Bronze Age finds throughout the parish. This is presumably because the local geology consists of primarily cretaceous sands and underlying chalk, meaning that there is very little surface water for miles in any direction. This can also be seen along the banks of the Caudle Carr located just outside Dersingham, where numerous archaeological sites have been found. Running water in conjunction with the fertile surrounding lands made Heacham an ideal settling location for early man. Evidence of habitation continues through the Iron age into the Romano-British era. But the beginnings of the present village most probably did not occur until around the 5th century, with the Anglo-Saxon invasion and the beginnings of present-day East Anglia.
The name of the village purportedly derives from a 12th-century Norman lord, Geoffrey de Hecham. Although this is possible, it is unlikely as the name 'de Hecham' literally means 'of Hecham', implying the place name was already in existence. The name Hecham was noted in the Little Domesday Book which was written around 1086 as part of the Smithdon hundred (Smetheduna). Prior to the Norman Conquest, Heacham was controlled by two Saxons, Alnoth, and Toki the king's thegn whose estates were based around his hall in Castle Acre. After the conquest the lands passed to William de Warenne and his brother-in-law Frederick de Warenne who was later killed by Hereward the Wake.
The name Heacham is more likely to have derived from the name of the river, The Hitch, in conjunction with the Old English word ham or hamm which meant either "homestead, village, manor, estate" or "enclosure, land hemmed by water or marsh or higher ground, land in a river bend, river meadow, promontory."
In 1085 the manor of Heacham was given by William de Warenne to a cell of Cluniac monks from the Priory of St Pancras of Lewes to pray for the soul of his late wife Gundreda. After the dissolution, around 1541, the manor passed to Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk.
Church.
The Church of St Mary the Virgin is the oldest surviving building in the village. It dates from 1230 and is Norman in style. In the cupola on the tower hangs a bell dating from about 1100, making it the oldest in East Anglia, and the seventh oldest in the country. The transepts have been lost as well as from the east end, and the roof has been lowered.
Pocahontas.
Heacham has historic ties to Pocahontas, who married John Rolfe, a native of this village on April 5, 1614 in Jamestown, Virginia. Rolfe took his wife, Rebecca (Pocahontas), and their two-year-old son, Thomas, to visit his family at Heacham Hall in 1616, but settled in Brentford. A year later, Rebecca died in Gravesend when John was going to return her to Virginia. She was laid to rest at St George's Parish churchyard. After that, John returned to Virginia with Tomocomo. Samuel Argall commanded the ship. Thomas was guarded by Lewis Stukley and later adopted by John's brother, Henry. John married Jane Pierce two years later. They soon had a daughter named Elizabeth. Perhaps John lost his life in the 1622 Native American massacre near Jamestown. The Rolfe family home, Heacham Hall, burned down in the early 1900s.
Beaches.
Heacham started to become popular as a seaside resort with the Victorians due to the opening of the railway line between King's Lynn and Hunstanton in the early 1860s. This culminated in the building of the Jubilee Bridge in 1887 to replace an old wooden bridge, using unspent subscriptions from parishioners to the celebrations for Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. Heacham is still popular today as a seaside resort, with both the North Beach (Jubilee) Road and South Beach Road being lined with caravan parks.
North Beach has an amusement arcade "Showtime Amusements", Silversands Cafe and Putting Green Fish Bar. There are beach huts for hire. Both beaches have public toilet facilities. South Beach has its own cafe, Heacham Halt, which serves meals throughout the year and sells beach goods. The beaches at Heacham are situated on the east banks of The Wash; this means it is one of the few beaches in eastern England where the sun sets over the sea instead of over the land.
On 29 July 1929, Mercedes Gleitze became the first woman to swim The Wash, completing the crossing on her third attempt. Originally aiming for Hunstanton, she finally came ashore at Heacham after battling treacherous tides for over 13 hours.
Heacham was severely affected by the North Sea flood of 1953, where nine people died in the village, as a result of the sea breaking through its defences, In early 2013, an exhibition of the North Sea Flood was held at St Mary's Church, with contributions from Heacham infant and junior schools and from other villagers.
Norfolk lavender.
Norfolk Lavender Ltd was founded in 1932. Linn Chilvers supplied the plants and the labour. Francis Dusgate of Fring Hall provided the land. The first lavender field was planted on Dusgate's land at Fring and in 1936 Dusgate acquired Caley Mill on the River Heacham and the ground around it, not for the building but for the land. Lavender has been grown there ever since. A kiosk was erected from which bunches of lavender were sold to passing pre-war traffic. By 1936 Caley Mill was already disused and no significant repairs were carried out until 1953/4 after the new road (the A149) had been put through cutting the lavender field in half. At that time a new lay-by and kiosk were constructed. Further repairs and restoration work were carried out at the Mill in 1977–78 and in the late 1980s. From the early 1990s onwards it has broadened its range to include other typical English floral fragrances. These are widely sold at home and abroad. 
Notable people.
In birth order:

</doc>
<doc id="2871187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871187" title="Mario Cimarro">
Mario Cimarro

Mario Antonio Cimarro Paz (born June 1, 1971) is a Cuban-American actor.
Biography.
Mario's long dream was to become an actor. He studied intensively with preeminent teachers, including Adriana Barraza (Oscar Nominee) and Bill Alderson. Upon graduation with a degree in drama, he began to pursue roles that would allow him to grow as an artist. Making his big screen debut in the Baz Luhrmann directed "Romeo + Juliet" with Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes. He appeared with Louis Gossett, Jr. (Oscar Winner) in "Managua". Travelled from the US to Argentina, Venezuela, Colombia and Nigeria where he work with Sultan Ameer Abdulwahab and also with top writers, producers and directors. Mario had the opportunity to star in several great Latin-American cultural iconic series Made in USA including "Pasión De Gavilanes" and "El Cuerpo del Deseo", accomplishing his desire to work with iconic writer Julio Jimenez and director Rodrigo Triana. Relentless about creating he then chose to pursue and starred in Rockaway for First Look Studios directed by the Crook Brothers, for which he received critical acclaim for his portrayal of Juju. He also starred as SN coproducing the film Puras Joyitas directed by Cesar Oropeza, which has quickly rose to become a number one Box Office hit in Venezuela. On the small screen, Mario has a recurring role on the USA Network's "Necessary Roughness". He plays the role of Augusto, a Spanish chef that returns incognito to team up with Dr. Dani (played by Callie Thorne) in an effort to surprise Jeanette. When he is not traveling the world working, he resides in Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="2871190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871190" title="John Rojas, Jr.">
John Rojas, Jr.

John Rojas, Jr (January 6, 1930 - January 22, 2000) was a Chula Vista, California resident who collected and disseminated information about the history of Chula Vista and its foliage. In 1981 he founded the Chula Vista Historical Society which later merged with the Chula Vista Heritage Museum. He wrote a series of books about Chula Vista.
Arrival in Chula Vista.
John Rojas moved to Chula Vista, in 1960 while working as a petty officer in the United States Navy. Chula Vista is a suburb of San Diego California. Rojas began to study the local history. Rojas retired from the navy in 1972 and began his second career as a U.S. Postal Service worker until 1992. He became familiar with the streets of Chula Vista as a postman. He spent his spare time taking pictures of the homes, meeting people and studying the vegetation and trees in the area.
Founding of Chula Vista Historical Society.
In 1981, Rojas founded the Chula Vista Historical Society, which later merged with the Chula Vista Heritage Museum.
In 1999, shortly before Rojas' death, the Chula Vista Library Board of Trustees, in recognition of the impact John Rojas had in preserving the history of Chula Vista, presented a resolution creating the John Rojas Local History Room at the Civic Center branch of the library, in order to preserve and makes available materials about the area's historic heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="2871199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871199" title="Black Coffee (All Saints song)">
Black Coffee (All Saints song)

"Black Coffee" is a song recorded by English-Canadian girl group All Saints for their second studio album, "Saints & Sinners" (2000). It later appeared on the group's greatest hits albums, "All Hits" (2001) and "" (2010). The song was written by Alexander Von Soos, Kirsty Elizabeth and Tom Nichols, and produced by William Orbit. Originally titled "I Wouldn't Wanna Be", the track was first conceptualized by Elizabeth based on her romance with Ernesto Bertarelli before being handed to London Records executive Tracy Bennett. It was released worldwide on 2 October 2000 as the second single from "Saints & Sinners", through various physical formats accompanied by remixes from The Neptunes, Wideboys, AFTC, and the b-side "I Don't Wanna Be Alone". A midtempo electronic pop song, "Black Coffee" chronicles a love story with a contrary theme of bitterness, and garnered comparisons with previous William Orbit productions, namely "Pure Shores" and tracks from Madonna's "Ray of Light" (1998). The track's structure includes slightly dislocated verses delivered in a sinister manner, followed by the group's combined harmony sung in an eerie fashion leading up to the song's wistful chorus. Lyrically, it discusses how two lovers meet and are in a moment where they would not want to be elsewhere.
"Black Coffee" was met with general acclaim from contemporary music critics who praised All Saints' mature and accomplished sound, vocal harmonies and William Orbit's production. Some critics deemed the song one of the group's greatest hits and a pop classic which would later inspire the sound of their girl group contemporary, Girls Aloud. The single was a commercial success, becoming All Saints' fifth number one single on the UK Singles Chart, at the time making them the girl group with the second-most number ones in British chart history. "Black Coffee" was also a hit internationally, reaching the top ten in Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and Sweden, and the top 40 in nine other countries. It was among the best-selling singles of 2000 in the United Kingdom, later being certified silver for sales of over 200,000 copies. 
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Johan Renck and aired on 14 September 2000. The video which garnered comparisons to the science fiction action film "The Matrix" (1999), is set in a high rise apartment at night and features the group singing from the rooftop of the apartment floor as a couple engage in a dramatic argument depicted in slow motion. The song's recording and release was surrounded by group in-fighting which became visible in tense live performances of the song and in its music video where each group member shot their scene separately. "Black Coffee" was promoted with live performances on "Top of the Pops", "Later... with Jools Holland", Smash Hits Poll Winners Party, "Children in Need" and as part of All Saints' set list on the In a World Like This Tour (2014).
Background.
"Black Coffee" was originally written by British model Kirsty Elizabeth. At the time, Elizabeth decided to pursue a career as a singer-songwriter, dabbling in modelling to pay her way. Her agent entered her for Miss UK aged 17, she won the competition and went on to come third in Miss World in 1988. Despite these events, Elizabeth was persistent to follow through with her singer-songwriter aspirations. Speaking to Gavanddra Hodge of the "London Evening Standard", Elizabeth mentioned, "'I'm quite proud of it, but I quickly realised being a beauty queen wasn't something I wanted to do." She went on to quip, "When you have a passion for something, when you are very creative, you can't just let go of it, it is always there." Elizabeth then moved to London and devoted herself to making music. She was visiting different recording studios desperately trying to earn a contract and make a success of herself. Elizabeth would constantly write lyrics on anything she could find: napkins, pieces of paper and cigarette packets. She then began working with disc jockey Gary Davies, recording in a makeshift studio and a recording deal was later in the offing with Warner Bros. Records. Elizabeth then met successful entrepreneur Ernesto Bertarelli, this event was said to both kickstart and stall her recording career. In 1997, Bertarelli was holidaying off the coast of Sardinia, staying on his yacht Vava. At a dinner with friends, Bertarelli met Elizabeth who was single after a two-year relationship with the conservationist Damian Aspinall. Elizabeth described this event as love at first sight and the birth of the song "I Wouldn't Wanna Be".
Following Kirsty Elizabeth's original writing of "I Wouldn't Wanna Be", her collaborator at the time DJ Gary Davies, passed her work onto another aspiring singer-songwriter Tom Nichols to add his writing input in an attempt to establish the song as a single for Elizabeth. The track then received additional writing from Alexander Van Soos and Elizabeth went on to record the demo version of the song. Davies then searched for a major record label to sign Elizabeth. He approached Tracy Bennett, an executive at London Records, and played "I Wouldn't Wanna Be" to her. Bennett declined Davies' offer for her to sign Elizabeth, and instead wanted the song to be recorded by All Saints as their follow-up to "Pure Shores" for the group's "Saints & Sinners" album. Davies approved Bennett's offer, and he, together with Elizabeth and Nichols were in a back and forth situation where they were unsure if the song was going to be cut. "I Wouldn't Wanna Be" was then retitled "Black Coffee" and handed to producer William Orbit. Nichols told Kimbel Bouwman of HitQuarters that the song's demo version was completely different to the outcome of Orbit's production and that it sounded "fantastic". "Black Coffee" would later go on to be a career-changing song for both Elizabeth and Nichols. Nichols went on to become a successful songwriter, writing for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Jessica Simpson and the Sugababes. Nichols quipped in his interview with HitQuarters, "The moment 'Black Coffee' got released, the phone just started ringing and didn't stop," adding, "So I owe a lot to the All Saints and to Tracy Bennett at London [...] they are a large further reason why I have a career because suddenly when that song was released, the
opportunities that got certainly in the UK, but also Europe-wide, absolutely huge." While Elizabeth was signed to Warner Bros. but then parted ways with the label and put her musical career on hold after marrying Ernesto Bertarelli in 2000, performing "Black Coffee" at their wedding.
All Saints were working on "Saints & Sinners" for a substantial period of time, having written 40 songs for the album, in addition to working around William Orbit's busy schedule. During the original recording of the song, group member Natalie Appleton sung the lead vocal for the track's second verse and chorus with Shaznay Lewis singing the song's first and last verses. Natalie then spent a night recording a vocal to "Black Coffee" which was deemed "perfect" but at the last minute, Natalie's vocal was switched to a backing vocal and was replaced with Lewis singing the track's second verse. This among other events lead to in-fighting within the group before the time "Black Coffee" was released. The replacement of Natalie's lead vocal as well as Nicole Appleton's on the song and other tracks on the album left the two members feeling sidelined to backing vocalists for the majority of the album, in favour of Lewis and Melanie Blatt's lead vocal. The Appleton sisters were "frustrated and disappointed" about this result and later pleaded their case to their manager, Steve Finan, in a group meeting which ended in a feud between Blatt and Natalie Appleton where Blatt threatened to leave All Saints.
The group recorded "Black Coffee" at Guerilla Beach Studios and Larrabee West in Los Angeles, and at Olympic and Sarm West Studios in London. The song was engineered by Clif Norrell, Iain Robertson, Ren Swan and Sean Spuehler, with the assistance of Michelle Forbes and Tom Hannen. It was then mixed by Mark "Spike" Stent and arranged by All Saints and William Orbit. Orbit handled the majority of the song's instrumental production, namely; keyboards, guitar and its synthesizer. Engineer Spuehler was also involved with the track's keyboards in addition to its programming and computer Pro Tools.
Release.
On 14 August 2000, "NME" announced that the group would release "Black Coffee" as the follow-up to "Pure Shores". The song was released as All Saints' second single from "Saints & Sinners" on 2 October 2000. London Records serviced the single internationally on the date through various cassette, CD and 12" musical formats. Most formats featured the song accompanied by a b-side titled "I Don't Wanna Be Alone" which was written by group member Shaznay Lewis, Ali Tennant, Wayne Hector and its producer Karl "K-Gee" Gordon. In addition to the b-side, some of the formats were accompanied by various house and dance remixes produced by AFTC, Shadow Sniper, Wideboys and The Neptunes which features an uncredited rap from American hip-hop duo Clipse. Wideboys' remix work on the song resulted in the duo later collaborating with Lewis on their 2008 single "Daddy O". All Saints went on to incorporate "Black Coffee" and its Wideboys Remix on their first compilation album "All Hits" (2001), as well as on "" (2010), which also featured The Neptunes Remix of the song and its b-side "I Don't Wanna Be Alone". The song is also All Saints' only single not to be co-written by Shaznay Lewis. In 2007, "Black Coffee" was included on the "Pop Hits" release for competitive music video game series "SingStar".
Composition.
"Black Coffee" is a midtempo electronic, pop song, which runs for a duration of four minutes and 49 seconds. It features a harmony-laden chorus accompanied by a sonical sense of sass, lush electronic landscapes and a techno-dance breadown in the track's outro. Instrumentally, the song consists of a keyboard, guitar and synth-driven melody which gives way to a weird and "whooshy" sound. Production-wise, "Black Coffee" incorporates an ambient tomfoolery developed by William Orbit, of which is combined with liquid techno qualities. The song's production has been noted to compliment its final outcome as its most prominent factor and is sonically more heavy than in previous singles released by the girl band. The track's structure includes slightly dislocated verses delivered in a sinister manner, followed by the group's combined harmony sung in an eerie fashion leading up to the song's wistful chorus. Neil Hannon of The Divine Comedy said that "Black Coffee" flouts the general rules of a pop song. All Saints use a soothing mellow tone to sing "Black Coffee" over its glossy, hazy beat to portray its haunting, hypnotic and dream-like overall feel and storyline. According to the sheet music published at Sheetmusicplus.com, the song is written in common time with a moderately fast tempo of 120 beats per minute. The track follows a basic sequence of Bm7–E–Bm7–E as its chord progression in the bridge, while
the chorus has a progression of E–Bm–D–A.
Lyrically, "Black Coffee" was co-written by Kirsty Elizabeth as a song about falling in love, and discusses how two lovers meet and are in a moment where they would not want to be elsewhere. It chronicles a love story and contains a contrary theme of bitterness. The lyric "Brush your teeth / Pour yourself a cup of black coffee" depicts an everyday routine in an alluring manner as described by "The Guardian" critic Caroline Sullivan. Regarding the chorus lyric "I wouldn't want to take everything out on you / Though I know I do", "NME" journalist Siobhan Grogan wrote that All Saints make sadness sound alluring in a way only the bitterest of love songs can. In an interview with the "International Business Times" Kirsty Elizabeth quipped, "I get inspired by life, my songs are all from real experiences and observations," adding, "If something moves me, it compels me to write about it, it's important to write from the heart." Neil Hannon interpreted the track as one with uplifting themes which buoy its listener up when they are "down in the dumps." According to Elizabeth the song was inspired about falling in love with Ernesto Bertarelli, "It's a love story recalling how we met: We were doing lots of sailing at the time and we didn't want to be anywhere else." The lyrics "Daydreaming / Chain-smoking / Always
laughing / Always joking / I remain the same / Did I tell you that I love you?" chart a narrative of Elizabeth and Ernesto's romance. Speaking to Gavanndra Hodge of the "London Evening Standard", Elizabeth elaborated on the song's lyrical story: "You know when you fall for someone, when you talk to them and you start to go red." She added "I became very bashful and he had the same response to me, we only had eyes for each other," concluding "I was hoping he would call and thank God he did." Musically, "Black Coffee" garnered comparisons with previous William Orbit productions, namely "Pure Shores" and tracks from Madonna's "Ray of Light" (1998).
Critical reception.
"Black Coffee" was met with general acclaim from contemporary music critics who regarded the song as one of All Saints' greatest hits. Siobhan Grogan of "NME" deemed the song "almost perfect" and likened it to its predecessor "Pure Shores" for its "mellow, glossy haziness," adding that it was if the group recorded the track lying down. Grogan went on to further laud the song sonically, opining, "It's wistful in all the right places and makes sadness sound rather alluring like only the bitterest love songs can." She concluded her review, mentioning, "if they keep coming up with songs like this, they can stay on the radio a little longer." Russell Baillie from "The New Zealand Herald" highlighted "Black Coffee" in addition to "Pure Shores" and "Surrender", as the three songs that put the majority of "Saints & Sinners" to shade. Echoing Baillie's view was Nigel Packer of the "BBC," who agreed that the track together with its single predecessor were the album's most essential components. The song was positively reviewed by critics from "The Birmingham Post": Simon Evans called the track a "beautiful slice of haunting, hypnotic pop," and Andrew Cohen deemed the song "just awesome." A critic from the "Western Mail" felt that "Black Coffee" was as "equally tremendous" as "Pure Shores". Sean O'Brien from "The Sunday People" awarded the song an eight (out of ten)-rating, mentioning that "great things are expected when it goes on sale." Julie MacCaskill of the "Daily Record" wrote that the song serves as a testament to the group's pop power. Caroline Sullivan from "The Guardian" said that "Black Coffee" was superior to "Pure Shores", praising its "beguiling treatment of a domestic scenario." Sullivan went on to highlight the line "Brush your teeth, pour yourself a cup of black coffee" as "easily the most alluring depiction of a bleary-eyed morning routine ever recorded."
In a review of "Pure Shores: The Very Best of All Saints" on 27 September 2010, AllMusic's Jon O'Brien felt that "Black Coffee" was among All Saints' most accomplished and mature work, praising its "lush electronic landscapes." "Black Coffee" was awarded a four and a half (out of five)-star rating by Cameron Adams of the "Herald Sun" who later listed it among the best singles released in 2000, while Kathy McCabe from the same publication described the song as a "benchmark of sassy, harmony-laden pop". Popjustice's John Lucas called the track a "solid gold 11/10 pop moment". "Cover Me Canada" positively reviewed the song, "All Saints sound extra lovely when they work with William Orbit," adding, "A pinch of electronic flavour suits their vibe". In the January 2001 British issue of "Elle," journalist Louise Gannon lauded "Black Coffee" as one of "the best songs of the last few years." IGN writer Rob Burman deemed the song "a pop classic". Seamus Duff of "Metro" wrote in an article on 18 November 2013 that "Black Coffee" still sounded as fresh and relevant as it did when released over 13 years ago. Neil Hannon from The Divine Comedy listed the song in "The Hidden Gems That Have Pop Stars Hooked", an article compiled by "The Guardian" music critic Jude Rogers. In the article, Hannon commented:
"People always say: Well, I like the early work of so-and-so. Me, I like the later work of All Saints. The William Orbit stuff. It's ultra-produced, but for once this adds to the sound of it, rather than taking anything away. 'Black Coffee' is particularly good. [...] Girls Aloud do pop like that now: songs like 'Biology' are a bit weird, and they flout the general rules, and I admire that. But 'Black Coffee' is better. I got into it when I'd got over – what should we call it? – my first flush of fame. My "tricky period". When I'm down in the dumps, I get cheered up by plastic pop. It's clear as crystal; it's hardly there. If you want it intellectual and soulful, you can look to the Pet Shop Boys. But if you just want it to buoy you up, you've got songs like this."
Chart performance.
"Black Coffee" was a commercial success for All Saints both in the United Kingdom and internationally. In the United Kingdom, the track debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart on 14 October 2000, selling 88,940 copies in its first week, replacing "Against All Odds" by Mariah Carey and Westlife at the top of the chart. Upon this result, Shaznay Lewis told BBC Radio 1 that it was "good to know that all the hard work had paid off." The song dropped to number three in its second week and had a total run of four consecutive weeks within the UK top ten. "Black Coffee" became All Saints' fifth and final number one single in the United Kingdom, additionally making the group the girl band with the second most number one singles in British chart history, after the Spice Girls who have scored a total of nine number ones. All Saints' record was later bettered by the Sugababes who achieved their sixth number one with "About You Now" in 2007. "Black Coffee" went on to spend a total of 18 weeks on the UK Singles Chart, becoming All Saints' second longest charting single on it, only after the 24 weeks achieved by "Never Ever" (1997). On 20 October 2000, the song was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry, denoting shipments of over 200,000 copies. "Black Coffee" ended the year as the 39th best-selling single in the United Kingdom.
In Australia, "Black Coffee" debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number 29 on 15 October 2000, and fell to number 45 the following week. The song peaked at number 20 for two consecutive weeks, after having spent eight weeks fluctuating in the top 50. In total the song spent 15 weeks on the chart and is All Saints' fifth top 20 hit in Australia. In New Zealand, the song entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 41 on 29 October 2000, and peaked at number seven. It marks the group's fifth top ten hit in New Zealand and spent three weeks inside the top ten and 15 weeks in total on the chart.
In Ireland, "Black Coffee" debuted and peaked at number six on the Irish Singles Chart on 5 October 2000, becoming All Saints' fifth and final top ten hit there. The track accumulated three weeks in the top ten and eight weeks on the chart in total. In Sweden, the song entered and peaked at number eight on the Swedish Singles Chart on 12 October 2000, and stayed on the chart for a total of 14 weeks. "Black Coffee" is the band's third top ten hit in Sweden and their second most successful single there to-date, bettering the peak of number ten achieved by its predecessor "Pure Shores" but falling short of the peak of number three achieved by "Never Ever" in 1998. It ended the year as the 97th best-selling song in Sweden for 2000. In Italy, the song first appeared and peaked at number seven on the Italian Singles Chart on 5 October 2000, marking the group's second consecutive and third overall top ten single there. "Black Coffee" went on to fluctuate within the chart's top 20 for a total of five weeks, and ended 2000 as the 93rd best-selling single in Italy. In Finland, the track debuted and peaked at number 11 on the Finnish Singles Chart, one position short of becoming the girl band's third top ten hit in the country. "Black Coffee" spent a total of two weeks on the chart. In Norway, the song entered at its peak position of number 14, spending a total of three weeks within the chart's top 20 and marking All Saints' fourth top 20 hit there. In The Netherlands, "Black Coffee" debuted at number 51 on the Dutch Singles Chart on 7 October 2000, peaking at number 24 in its third week on the chart. The song went on to chart for a total of eight weeks and is the group's fifth top 40 hit in the country. On the Swiss Singles Chart, the track first appeared at number 49 on 15 October 2000 and peaked at number 28 three weeks later. It charted for 14 weeks accumulatively and marked All Saints' fifth top 40 hit in Switzerland. The single also reached the top 40 in France, Germany and in the Wallonia region of Belgium, charting at numbers 31, 33 and 39 respectively. "Black Coffee" was less successful in the Flanders region of Belgium, where the song peaked at number 42.
Music video.
"Black Coffee" was accompanied by a music video directed by Johan Renck, who at the time was recognized for his previous work with Madonna on her video for "Nothing Really Matters" (1999). All Saints and Renck filmed the music video on 17 August 2000 and it first aired on 4 September 2000. Following numerous feuds between the Appletons, and Blatt and Lewis, and disputes with London Records, the band agreed with London to shoot the video for "Black Coffee" separately. Each group member in turn shot their scene with Renck at a different time to another member, the group are not seen altogether once in the music video. This strategy would later be replicated in All Saints' following music video for "All Hooked Up" (2001). The video is set in a high rise apartment at night and features the group singing from the
rooftop of the apartment floor as a couple engage in a dramatic argument depicted in slow motion. Television show "Cover Me Canada" ranked the video as the fifth-best that All Saints have released to-date, likening its use of slow motion to that used in the science fiction action film "The Matrix" (1999). The show went on to compliment how the song's electronic qualities "really set the tone for the video," adding, "When was the last time you had an angelic serenade during an argument?" The music video for "Black Coffee" also appears on the group's video compilation "The Videos".
Live performances.
All Saints opened BBC One's People Awards in 2000 with a performance of "Black Coffee". The girl band performed the track on 17 November 2000 on Children in Need, by this time Nicole Appleton was dealing with her highly-publicized pregnancy in addition to group in-fighting, which was recognized backstage at the Children in Need dressing room by Nicole's friends, Kate Thornton and Melanie Chisholm. Nicole's boyfriend Liam Gallagher, who was also in the dressing room commented, "Nic and Nat are working really hard, but it doesn't matter what they do - and Melanie have got it in for them," adding, "You don't try treat people like that, trying to control their lives." On 18 November 2000, the group performed the song in a set including "Pure Shores" and "Whoopin' Over You" on "Later... with Jools Holland". "Black Coffee" was also performed live on "Top of the Pops" At the Smash Hits Poll Winners Party in December 2000, All Saints sung "Black Coffee", which was met with a poor review from Betty Clarke of "The Guardian". In her review of performances from the ceremony, Clarke commented, "Only All Saints let the side down, going through the motions as the girls around me point at Nicole Appleton and giggle." At the time of the performance there was still tension between the Appletons, and Melanie Blatt and Shaznay Lewis. In the Appletons' autobiography, Natalie Appleton mentioned that she and Nicole were being excluded from and ignored by Blatt and Lewis, "It was as if Nic and I were not there." Natalie also stated that by this time the group were no longer sharing hairdressers and make-up artists anymore, adding, "Our hairdresser, Alex, and our make-up artist, Sarah, were also being ignored." The song was also performed at the Capital Radio Awards that month. At the event, Natalie Appleton and Shaznay Lewis fought over a jacket that Natalie organised through her stylist, Neil Mortan, to wear for the performance, which was later worn by Lewis while Natalie was preparing for the show. The two got involved in a heated argument backstage and the tension would later be visible on stage during their performance of "Black Coffee" and "Pure Shores".
In 2014, All Saints embarked on a tour of the United Kingdom and Ireland with boy band Backstreet Boys as part of their In a World Like This Tour. "Black Coffee" featured as the seventh song for the tour's set list and the girl band's performance at the tour's Birmingham date on 26 March 2014, marked their first live performance in six years. Emma Kelly of the "Daily Star" positively reviewed the group's performance at their Birmingham date, deeming it "impressive". Kelly also praised the girl band's fashion in the performance, writing, "Rocking nineties fashions and looking as youthful as ever, the girls performed beneath a glittering gold sign baring their name." She added, "While the logo and the accompanying cross looked like they had been borrowed from the fashion boutique of the same name, the girls stayed true to their style, wearing sporty trackie jackets and casual leggings and trousers." Kelly concluded her review, highlighting Shaznay Lewis' retro gold lamé tracksuit zip-up as the most eye-catching of the performance. Marianne Gunn from Scottish newspaper "The Herald" gave the group's performance at their Glasgow date a mixed review, Gunn deemed the performance of "Black Coffee" harmonius, and praised the girl band's vocal abilities and Lewis' and Melanie Blatt's stage personality. Gunn was however critical of All Saints' choreography, dynamism, charisma and the Appletons' "perpetually lacklustre" stage presence. The Glasgow performance garnered a better review from "Evening Times" digital journalist Stacey Mullen who mentioned, "It was like the girls had never left the stage - the only criticism, they weren't on longer." At the gig, group member Shaznay Lewis said "Preparing for this gig has
just been amazing," adding, "We've had so much fun." All Saints' performance of the song at the tour's Manchester date was well received by Kirsty McHale of the "Manchester Evening News", who commented, "the newly-reformed girl band duly brought their own slice of nostalgia to the evening, and with hits like 'Pure Shores', 'Black Coffee' and 'Never Ever', they got the crowd suitably warmed-up for the main event."
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Black Coffee," London Records, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2871206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871206" title="Mount Huckle">
Mount Huckle

Mount Huckle is a mainly ice-covered mountain, high, near the northern end of the Douglas Range in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica. It rises south-southeast of Mount Spivey on the west side of Toynbee Glacier and is inland from George VI Sound. Mount Huckle is the fourth highest mountain of Alexander Island, proceeded by Mount Cupola and succeeded by Mount Paris in the nearby Rouen Mountains.
The mountain was possibly first seen in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, but not recognized as part of Alexander Island. It was photographed from the air in 1936–37 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Riddoch Rymill, and surveyed from the ground in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). The mountain was named after John Sydney Rodney Huckle, a general assistant at Stonington Island, who aided in the FIDS survey of the west side of George VI Sound in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="2871209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871209" title="Parker Pyne">
Parker Pyne

Parker Pyne is a detective who appears in three Agatha Christie books: "Parker Pyne Investigates", "Problem at Pollensa Bay" and "The Regatta Mystery". His quote and sales pitch is always ""Are you happy? If not consult Mr Parker Pyne, 17 Richmond Street."" Most don't notice this ad, some chuckle, and read on. And just a few make their way to Mr Parker Pyne's modest office and meet the world's most unusual, baffling and intriguing detective.
Personality.
Appearance.
Christie presents Parker Pyne as having a solid if bland physical presence, one which is characteristically English and somehow vaguely comforting to those around him, though they themselves could not articulate exactly how or why. The character is first described in "The Case of the Middle-aged Wife" as follows:
Name.
In the short stories of "Parker Pyne Investigates" (1934), Christie repeatedly gives the detective's full name as James Parker Pyne, although in his newspaper advertisements he strictly uses his middle name (rather than his first) for all business purposes.
Confusion over his first name possibly being "Christopher" stems from a later story, "Problem at Pollensa Bay" (1935), wherein Pyne uses the pseudonym as a ruse to obfuscate his identity from fellow British travellers so that he would not be disturbed while on holiday. After multiple failed attempts to enjoy a peaceful vacation unfettered by work, Pyne settles in comfortably at Majorca but, almost immediately, is dismayed to encounter another distressed Englishwoman who may recognise his celebrated name from the newspapers. He had already signed in as "C. Parker Pyne" in the hotel register but, hoping to conceal his profession from this woman, he returns to the book and scribbles over the entry to change it to "Christopher" instead.
Although use of the full name Christopher is plainly intended here as a calligraphic cover-up, it is unclear whether Pyne's earlier notation of "C" (instead of "J" for James) was likewise a flimsy effort at disguise, or whether this was merely an oversight in continuity on Christie's part. Alternately possible, the name change could have been a deliberate alteration by the author, though in that case the reason for it is unexplained.
Only one further Pyne story, "The Regatta Mystery," follows these in the Christie canon, and as it does not touch on the topic of the detective's first name, it sheds no additional light on what the author's intention might have been on the matter.
Possible Influences.
Parker Pyne is a retired government employee turned philanthropist who considers himself to be a "detective of the heart." The exact nature of his former job and his former position in the British government was never stated but he claimed to have been involved in the gathering of statistics. This leads to the theory that his job was the same as Mycroft Holmes, a human super computer, specialising in omniscience.
This theory carries some weight as the resemblance between Parker Pyne and Mycroft Holmes is hard to deny. Both are heavy set fellows.
Both appear to possess superior skills to that of their counterparts (Sherlock Holmes/Hercule Poirot) but they are both nonetheless incapable of performing similar detective work since they are both unwilling to put in the physical effort necessary to bring cases to their conclusions.
While he does occasionally exert himself in the stories where he is on vacation, he on the whole remains a sedentary problem-solver, providing solutions based on seemingly little evidence and trusting his agents to handle any of the practical details. He himself rarely goes to see his clients after their first meeting, although he gets reports on their progress from his hench-people. In fact, Pyne's own lack of drive and faith in his minions' skills can be a severe handicap despite his deductive talents, as it resulted in the failure of his efforts in "The Case of the Discontented Husband", Pyne's only recorded failure.
Methods.
Parker Pyne is also an uncommon type of detective, who doesn't usually investigate murders or similar crimes, but rather prefers to help his clients to re-encounter happiness. For such, he applies the knowledge he has acquired in 35 years of work in a statistics office, from which he retired, establishing later on his own on 17 Richmond Street, London.
He has a theory that there are five main types of unhappiness and all are logically solvable. His methods are unorthodox and he often employs deception and constructs elaborate charades to fool the suspects and cure unhappiness successfully.
Though he is, apparently, limited to a specific type of investigation, Pyne also has uncommon capabilities for criminal investigation. He works alongside his neurotic assistant Miss Felicity Lemon, novelist Ariadne Oliver, handsome lounge lizard Claude Luttrell and disguise artist Madeline de Sara. Whatever the case is, he always has the aid of his team (outnumbered, but as effective as they are extravagant).
Short stories featuring Parker Pyne.
Agatha Christie published a total of 14 short stories featuring Parker Pyne. Of these, the first dozen initially appeared in various US/UK magazines and were later collected into the 1934 anthology "Parker Pyne Investigates". The remaining two tales were originally created as vehicles for her most famous sleuth, Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, but Christie reworked these into Pyne cases before their inclusion in the 1939 short story collection "The Regatta Mystery and Other Stories".
Within his work, Pyne himself always disclaimed the role of hard-core detective, and his literary domain was usually relegated to light-hearted short stories rather than murder mysteries (excepting two instances where he was inadvertently involved). Christie never featured this character in a full-length novel and, despite her lengthy career, did not return to her Pyne creation after this initial 1930s run.
Parker Pyne in other media.
"The Agatha Christie Hour" (1982), a series of ten-hour-long dramas produced for Thames TV, London, featured two episodes based on Parker Pyne stories: "The Case of the Middle-aged Wife" and "The Case of the Discontented Soldier," both directed by Michael Simpson. Veteran character actor Maurice Denham OBE played the role of Parker Pyne.
Miss Lemon.
Pyne's secretary, Miss Lemon, is apparently the same woman who was secretary to Hercule Poirot. Whether she came into Pyne's employ during one of Poirot’s numerous retirements or before she entered his employ is unknown, though she is described as "a young woman" in Parker Pyne's story "The Discontented Soldier", but as having grizzled hair in the Poirot novel "Hickory Dickory Dock", suggesting that she worked for Pyne before working for Poirot. This, along with the appearance of Ariadne Oliver, suggests that Pyne and Poirot occupy the same fictional universe even though they have never actually met.

</doc>
<doc id="2871216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871216" title="Darryl M. Bell">
Darryl M. Bell

Darryl M. Bell (sometimes credited as Daryl Bell; born May 10, 1963) is an American actor best known for his role as Brother X-Ray Vision in the 1988 Spike Lee film, "School Daze" and as Ron Johnson, Jr. on the NBC sitcom, "A Different World". Additionally, he starred on the short-lived UPN sitcom, "Homeboys in Outer Space" as Morris Clay. 
Bell is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He pledged into the fraternity through Delta Zeta Chapter in Spring 1982.
Bell attended Syracuse University. He is in a 20-year-long committed relationship with actress Tempestt Bledsoe, who co-starred in the NBC TV comedy "The Cosby Show". The couple appeared together in the Fox reality TV series "Househusbands of Hollywood", that debuted in August 2009.
Bell graduated from Delbarton School in Morristown, New Jersey in May 1981, where he was one of four African American students, accounting for 1% of the school's enrollment.
Bell's father, Travers J. Bell, Jr., was the founder of the first black firm on the New York Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="2871220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871220" title="Michael I. Sovern">
Michael I. Sovern

Michael Ira Sovern (born December 1, 1931) was the 17th president of Columbia University. He is currently the Chancellor Kent Professor of Law at Columbia Law School. He is a noted legal scholar of Labor Law and an expert in employment discrimination.
Biography.
Sovern was born in the Bronx to a dress businessman father and bookkeeper mother. He graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1949, "summa cum laude" from Columbia College in New York City in 1953, and Columbia Law School in 1955, receiving the prestigious John Ordronaux prize for having the highest academic average in his graduating class. Immediately after graduation, he joined the faculty at the University of Minnesota Law School and taught there until 1957.
He returned to Columbia as a visiting professor in 1957 and then joined the permanent faculty, becoming the youngest full professor in the University's history in 1960. He has mediated for New York City in transit worker contract negotiations, as well as firefighter and police disputes. From 1962 to 1966, he was the Research Director concerning Legal Restraints on Racial Discrimination in Employment for the Twentieth Century Fund. He was a law consultant for "Time" magazine for fifteen years (1965–1980). Sovern served as Special Counsel to Governor Brendan Thomas Byrne of New Jersey from 1974 to 1977. He was the co-chairman of the Second Circuit commission on Reduction of Burdens and Costs in Civil Litigation from 1977 to 1980, chairman of the New York City Charter Revision Commission from 1982 to 1983 and chairman of the State-City Commission on Integrity in Government in 1986.
During the 1968 strife on Columbia's campus, he served as chairman of the faculty executive committee which was credited with easing tensions. Sovern became Dean of the Law School in 1970 and was named Executive Vice President of Academic Affairs and Provost in 1979. He became President of Columbia University in 1980. While President, he quadrupled Columbia's endowment, recruited many prominent faculty and presided over the opening of the University's main undergraduate division, Columbia College, to women students. Perhaps most importantly, he greatly improved the university's financial health by balancing its budget and introducing strict budgetary controls. He stepped down as president in 1993 and returned to the faculty at Columbia Law School.
He has received honorary doctorates from Tel Aviv University, the University of Southern California and Columbia. A professorship in his name has been endowed at Columbia Law School, and the American Academy in Rome has established a fellowship in his honor.
Civic activities.
Outside of law and academia, Sovern is president of the Shubert Foundation and has served on numerous boards, including Comcast Communications, the Shubert Organization, the Asian Cultural Council and Atlantic Philanthropies. He has served as chairman of Sotheby's Holdings, Inc., American Academy in Rome, the Japan Society, and the National Advisory Council for the Freedom Forum Media Studies Center. He has been a member of the board of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, the Kaiser Family Foundation, the Pulitzer Prizes, AT&T, Pfizer, Warner Lambert and JP Morgan Chase, among others.
He is a member of the: American Bar Association, Council on Foreign Relations, Bar Association of the City of New York, American Philosophical Society, American Law Institute, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He was also a founding member of the board of directors of Mobilization for Youth's Legal Services Unit; the Mexican-American Legal Defense Fund; the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund; Helsinki Watch and AMFAR, the American Foundation for AIDS Research.
Personal life.
Sovern has been married four times: to the former Lenore Goodman in 1953, to the former Eleanor Leen in 1963, to the former Joan Rosenthal Wit in 1974, and finally to Dr. Patricia Margaret Walsh in 1995. His first and second marriages ended in divorce, and the third when Joan Sovern died of cancer in 1993. Sovern is the father of two daughters, Elizabeth and Julie, and two sons, Jeff and Douglas. Jeff Sovern is a professor of law at St. John's University and a graduate of Columbia University and Columbia Law School. Doug Sovern is an award-winning news reporter for KCBS Radio in San Francisco and maintains the sovernnation political blog. He is a graduate of Brown University. He is also a musician, playing bass in the Eyewitness Blues Band. Elizabeth Sovern, a graduate of Barnard College, teaches middle school in Westchester, New York and Julie Sovern, also a graduate of Columbia Law School, is an Assistant General Counsel at Wells Fargo & Company, in Charlotte, NC.
Honors.
Sovern has received numerous awards and distinctions, including the Commendatore Order of Merit from the government of Italy and the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold and Silver Star from Japan. He was a recipient of the Alexander Hamilton medal from Columbia College in 1993. That year, he also won the Citizens Union Civil Leadership award. He has also received the Town Hall Friend of the Arts Award. 

</doc>
<doc id="2871233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871233" title="Civil flag">
Civil flag

A civil flag is a version of the national flag that is flown by civilians on non-government installations or craft. The use of civil flags was more common in the past, in order to denote buildings or ships that were not manned by the military.
In some countries the civil flag is the same as the war flag or state flag, but without the coat of arms, such as in the case of Spain and Serbia, and in others it is an alteration of the war flag.
In Scandinavia, state and war flags can be double and triple-tailed variants of the Nordic Cross flag. Many countries, particularly those with a British heritage, still have distinctive civil flags (technically civil ensigns) for use at sea, many based on the British Red ensign.

</doc>
<doc id="2871243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871243" title="TC Huo">
TC Huo

TC Huo is a Laotian American author, of Chinese descent, who emigrated from Laos to the United States in 1980 and now lives in Oakland, California. He has written books such as "A Thousand Wings" and "Land of Smiles". In 2001, he received the award for adult fiction from the Asian/Pacific American Librarians Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2871250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871250" title="Grid connection">
Grid connection

In electrical grids, a power system network integrates transmission grids, distribution grids, distributed generators and loads that have connection points called busses. A bus in home circuit breaker panels is much smaller than those used on the grid, where busbars can be 50 mm in diameter in electrical substations. Traditionally, these grid connections are unidirectional point to multipoint links. In distributed generation grids, these connections are bidirectional, and the reverse flow can raise safety and reliability concerns. Features in smart grids are designed to manage these conditions.
A premises is generally said to have obtained "grid connection" when its service location becomes powered by a live connection to its service transformer.
A power station is generally said to have achieved "grid connection" when it first supplies power outside of its own boundaries. However, a town is only said to have achieved "grid connection" when it is connected to several redundant sources, generally involving long-distance transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="2871259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871259" title="The Destructors">
The Destructors

"The Destructors" is a 1954 short story about young boys who destroy a house, written by Graham Greene. The story is ironic—showing how destruction is allegedly a form of creation. 
The story is set in the mid-1950s, and is about a boys' gang named the "Wormsley Common Gang", after the place where they live. Trevor, or "T.", the protagonist, devises a plan to destroy a beautiful two hundred-year-old house that survived The Blitz. Under T., their new leader, the gang accepts the plan and executes it when the owner of the house, Mr. Thomas (whom the gang call "Old Misery"), is away during a bank holiday weekend. Their plan is to destroy the house from inside, then tear down the remaining outer structure. Mr. Thomas returns home early, however, and the gang locks him in the outhouse and leader, T., refuses to stop until the destruction job is complete, because even the facade is valuable and could be reused. Inside, they find a mattress filled with money — but they burn it nevertheless. The final destruction of the house is done when a lorry pulls away a support pole from the side of the house. Mr. Thomas is released from the outhouse by the lorry driver, and after being laughed at, he is left with the rubble of what once was his home.
Television adaptation.
"The Destructors" was adapted for television as part of the 1970s British drama series "Shades of Greene". It starred Michael Byrne, Phil Daniels and Nicholas Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="2871262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871262" title="Davide Rebellin">
Davide Rebellin

Davide Rebellin (born 9 August 1971 in San Bonifacio, province of Verona) is an Italian road bicycle racer, currently riding for . In 2012 he rode for the Meridiana-Kamen team. He served a 2-year suspension for testing positive for Mircera at the 2008 Olympic Games. He is best known in the cycling world for his 2004 season, when he won a then unprecedented treble with wins in Amstel Gold Race, La Flèche Wallonne and Liège–Bastogne–Liège. He is considered one of the finest classics specialists of his generation with more than fifty top ten finishes in UCI Road World Cup and UCI ProTour classics. He has also won stage races such as Paris–Nice and Tirreno–Adriatico, and a stage in the Giro d'Italia.
Career.
Rebellin turned professional in 1992 and came to the attention of the cycling world with a string of strong performances during his early years. In 1996 he gained further notice when he thrived in the 1996 Giro d'Italia. Riding for Polti, the young Italian took stage seven and with it the maglia rosa. He held the leader's jersey for six days and finished the Grand Tour sixth overall. Years later he said of the race, "I have won Classics, but the first important win was in the 1996 Giro, winning the maglia rosa with the stage."
In 1997 he scored his first UCI Road World Cup victories by winning the Clásica de San Sebastián and the Züri-Metzgete (then known as "Grand Prix de Suisse"). Over the following years he won many Italian classic races, such as the Giro del Veneto and Tre Valli Varesine. In 2001 he won the Tirreno–Adriatico stage race.
During the 2004 season he amassed seven victories, including what was at the time an unprecedented treble win in the Ardennes classics, with wins in the Amstel Gold Race, La Flèche Wallonne and Liège–Bastogne–Liège. Only one rider, Philippe Gilbert, has repeated this feat since, in 2011. Rebellin also scored a number of podium places in top races such as Paris–Nice and the Clásica de San Sebastián. Despite these achievements, Rebellin did not win the 2004 UCI Road World Cup, which went to Paolo Bettini.
In 2005, Rebellin fell short of his triumphs of 2004, but posted yet another solid year. Although he generally concentrated on classics and small tours, he was part of the team in the 2005 Tour de France. With a number of solid performances throughout the season but without any individual victories, Rebellin finished as the third-highest ranked rider in the UCI ProTour rankings. Apart from the ProTour races, he only won one race in the 2005 season, taking the first stage of the Brixia Tour.
Rebellin began the season leading Paris–Nice until Alberto Contador moved him to second in the final stage to Nice. He later finished second in Amstel Gold Race and won the Flèche Wallonne, which made him the oldest ever winner of an UCI ProTour race. He finished second in the UCI ProTour behind Cadel Evans.
Rebellin triumphed early in 2008 with an overall victory in the Paris–Nice. He won the stage race by 3 seconds, ahead of Rinaldo Nocentini. He went on to win the Tour du Haut Var and show strongly in the Ardennes classics with a second place in the Liège–Bastogne–Liège.
Rebellin won the silver medal in the Men's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He was a member of a six-man breakaway group and claimed second place in the sprint finish. This medal has now been revoked in light of his doping sentence by the International Olympic Committee.
Doping.
In April 2009, the IOC announced that six athletes had tested positive during the 2008 Summer Olympics, without mentioning names or sports. Later, rumours emerged that the athletes included two cyclists, one of them a medal winner. The Italian Olympic committee then confirmed that a male Italian cyclist had tested positive for CERA during the men's road race, without identifying a name. The next day, on 29 April 2009, the Italian Olympic committee confirmed that Rebellin was an involved athlete. Rebellin's agent sent a request for the analysis of the B sample which was later also confirmed to be positive.
Palmares.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="2871265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871265" title="List of spherical symmetry groups">
List of spherical symmetry groups

Spherical symmetry groups are also called point groups in three dimensions, however this article is limited to the finite symmetries. 
There are five fundamental symmetry classes which have triangular fundamental domains: dihedral, cyclic, tetrahedral, octahedral, and icosahedral symmetry.
This article lists the groups by Schoenflies notation, Coxeter notation, orbifold notation, and order. John Conway uses a variation of the Schoenflies notation, based on the groups' quaternion algebraic structure, labeled by one or two upper case letters, and whole number subscripts. The group order is defined as the subscript, unless the order is doubled for symbols with a plus or minus, "±", prefix.
Hermann–Mauguin notation (International notation) is also given. The crystallography groups, 32 in total, are a subset with element orders 2, 3, 4 and 6.
Involutional symmetry.
There are four involutional groups: no symmetry (C1), reflection symmetry (Cs), 2-fold rotational symmetry (C2), and central point symmetry (Ci).
Cyclic symmetry.
There are four infinite cyclic symmetry families, with "n"=2 or higher. (n may be 1 as a special case as "no symmetry")
Dihedral symmetry.
There are three infinite dihedral symmetry families, with "n" as 2 or higher. ("n" may be 1 as a special case)
Polyhedral symmetry.
There are three types of polyhedral symmetry: tetrahedral symmetry, octahedral symmetry, and icosahedral symmetry, named after the triangle-faced regular polyhedra with these symmetries.

</doc>
<doc id="2871268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871268" title="Wilfrid Reid">
Wilfrid Reid

Wilfrid Ewart "Wilfie" Reid (3 November 1884 – 24 November 1973) was an English professional golfer and golf course designer. 
Reid was born in Bulwell, Nottingham, England, and died in West Palm Beach, Florida, United States.
Reid studied club and ball making under Tommy Armour's father, Willie, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A scratch golfer at 15, Reid turned professional at 17 and was a protégé of Harry Vardon who helped him get a club professional job at La Boulie Golf Club in Versailles, France, in 1901 for roughly five years. He later was the professional at Banstead Downs Golf Club in Sutton, London, England, for roughly nine years and a successful tournament player. Reid was a fine competitive golfer despite being small of stature, and he beat his mentor, Vardon, on several occasions, was never short of confidence. In 1913 Reid visited America with Vardon and Ted Ray where they played in a number of tournaments including the famous 1913 U.S. Open in which he tied for 16th. Reid tied Vardon for the 2nd round lead and played with Francis Ouimet in the 3rd round. In 1915 he tied 10th. His best finish in the U.S. Open was a T-4 in 1916.
In 1915 Reid immigrated to America at the invitation of Clarence H. Geist to be golf professional at Seaview Golf Club in Galloway, New Jersey, after the outbreak of World War I. He later, at the suggestion of the DuPont family, became the golf professional at the Wilmington Country Club, Wilmington, Delaware. He became a member of the PGA of America in 1917 and was appointed to the national PGA Executive Committee as a vice president at large, a position he held for two years. In August 1920 he was elected vice-president of the PGA of America and he was reelected in 1921. In 1920 and 1921 he also held the office of secretary of the Southeastern Section PGA. That year in December of 1921 he attended the founding meeting of the Philadelphia Section PGA and was a member of the organizing committee. Later in 1929 he was the president of the Michigan Section PGA for three years (see photos below).
Reid obtained U.S. citizenship in 1921. Reid served as a professional at several of America’s top clubs, including Country Club of Detroit, Grosse Pte. Farms, Michigan, Beverly Country Club, Chicago, Illinois, Broadmoor Golf Club, Colorado Springs, Colorado, Seminole Golf Club, North Palm Beach, Florida, and Atlantic City Country Club, Northfield, New Jersey. He won the 1926 Michigan PGA Championship and had 26 holes-in-one in his long playing career. The border of his stationery, that he used to send to club-makers such as George Izett of Bailey & Izett Inc. his customers' golf club orders listed so many of his accomplishments that there was very little room left for him to write his message (see photos below). 
Not only was Reid a wonderful golf teacher, his greatest accomplishments were golf course designing. Reid began designing golf courses at an early age and laid out courses in Europe and Britain before settling in the United States. He once estimated that he had designed 58 courses and remodeled some 43 others during his design career. While based in Michigan during the 1920s, he partnered with another club professional, William Connellan. The firm of Reid and Connellan designed some 20 courses in that state alone. Reid retired to Florida in the early 1950s and consistently improved his game in both social and competitive rounds. Even into old age he continued to "beat his age" in score on his birthday. In 1985, Reid was posthumously inducted into the Michigan Golf Hall of Fame.
Reid designed courses in the following states:
California (Olympic Club - original Lakeside Golf Club course, San Francisco, 1917), Delaware (see below), and Michigan (see below). In addition he designed courses in England, France (La Boulie Golf Club - La Vallee course), Belgium and Canada.
Often, his first name gets misspelled as "Wilfred" in documents, such as in the movie and book The Greatest Game Ever Played. Occasionally, his middle initial is incorrectly documented "A." as well.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Reid never played in the Masters Tournament, founded in 1934."<br>
NYF = Tournament not yet founded<br>
NT = No tournament<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = Round in which player lost in PGA Championship match play<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="2871270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871270" title="ALCO RSD-5">
ALCO RSD-5

The ALCO RSD-5 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at , that rode on a pair of three-axle trucks, having a C-C wheel arrangement.
Basically an upgraded version of the earlier ALCO RSD-4, and used in much the same manner as its four-axle counterpart, the ALCO RS-3. Though the six-motor design allowed better tractive effort at lower speeds.
Preserved units.
As of 2006, there are only two of these locomotives known to be in existence. Ex-CNW #1689, owned by Gary Baloun, is currently in operation at the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad. The other is the former Utah Railway 306 owned by Doyle McCormack, in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="2871279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871279" title="Joe Seneca">
Joe Seneca

Joe Seneca (January 14, 1919 – August 15, 1996) was an American film and television actor who had a lengthy Hollywood career, portraying bit parts in many major films- He played the role of daddy/Ezra to Mal (Danny Glover's character) in the big screen film "Silverado", and television sitcoms spanning from the 1970s to the 1990s.
Biography.
Seneca was born Joel McGhee in Cleveland, Ohio. Prior to his Hollywood career, Seneca belonged to the R&B singing group ""The Three Riffs"", performing at upscale supper clubs in New York City. He was also a songwriter and had big hits with "Talk to Me" which was sung by Little Willie John and "Break It to Me Gently", which was a smash twice, once by Brenda Lee in 1962, and once by Juice Newton in 1982. His song "It's Gonna Work Out Fine" was recorded by Ike & Tina Turner, Manfred Mann, Ry Cooder and The Spencer Davis Group.
Arguably his most well-known roles are that of bluesman Willie Brown in "Crossroads" and Dr. Meddows in "The Blob", the evil head of a government team sent to contain the title creature.
Seneca also made multiple appearances on The Cosby Show as Hillman President Dr. Zachariah J. Hanes. He also played Alvin Newcastle, a man suffering from Alzheimer's disease, on an episode of "The Golden Girls" entitled "Old Friends." Joe appeared in Spike Lee's "School Daze" as the Mission College President McPherson in 1988.
Joe appeared on "Matlock", in the May 9, 1989 episode "The Blues Singer".
Joe appeared in Michael Jackson's "The Way You Make Me Feel" Music Video In the late 80's.
He died from asthma at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="2871281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871281" title="All Hooked Up">
All Hooked Up

"All Hooked Up" is a song by All Saints, released as the third single from their second album, "Saints & Sinners". It peaked at No.7 in the UK charts. It also was All Saints' last single to be released from the aforementioned album. "All Hooked Up" sold 54,699 copies in the UK alone.
Track listing and formats.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "All Hooked Up".
Music video.
The video for "All Hooked Up" is set in a hotel room. It features all of the girls scaring men that are hiding in their hotel room, throwing them through walls and generally giving them a hard time.
Remixes.
All Hooked up

</doc>
<doc id="2871302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871302" title="Penybont">
Penybont

Penybont (also sometimes spelled Pen-y-Bont) is a small village in Powys, Wales.
Amenities.
The village is served by Pen-y-Bont railway station on the Heart of Wales Line.
It is also famous for its popular garden centre, Midway Plants - Midway Nurseries, and an eighteenth-century coaching inn called the Severn Arms. The village also has a restored shop/museum/gallery called Thomas's Shop where there is a wool and weaving exhibition and workshop. The village hall hosts many activities and Penybont Football Club plays its matches on the race course ground. Horse racing takes place here in the month of August. Until very recently Penybont market was a major centre for sheep and cattle sales.

</doc>
<doc id="2871306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871306" title="High Standards">
High Standards

High Standards is a jazz album by the Finnish band Trio Töykeät. It was released in 2003. This particular record differs from other Töykeät -albums by consisting entirely of cover songs of songs the band members consider to be close to them. Especially notable is the version of the Black Sabbath classic "Paranoid", performed entirely on a drum kit.
"High Standards" is the first "Töykeät" -album released on the Blue Note jazz label.

</doc>
<doc id="2871316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871316" title="Order of the Holy Spirit">
Order of the Holy Spirit

The Order of the Holy Spirit, also known as the Order of the Knights of the Holy Spirit, (French: L'Ordre du Saint-Esprit; L'Ordre des Chevaliers du Saint-Esprit) (sometimes translated into English as The Order of the Holy Ghost) was an Order of Chivalry under the French Monarchy. It should not be confused with the Congregation of the Holy Ghost or with the religious Order of the Holy Ghost. It was the senior chivalric order of France by precedence, although not by age (the Order of Saint Michael having been created one hundred years earlier).
History.
Prior to the creation of the Order of the Holy Spirit in 1578 by Henri III, the senior order of chivalry in France had been the Order of Saint Michael. This order had originally been created to rival the Burgundian Order of the Golden Fleece, and to help ensure that leading French nobles remained loyal to the Crown. Its membership was initially restricted to a small number of powerful princes and nobles, but this increased dramatically due to the pressures of the Wars of Religion: at the beginning of the reign of Henry III, the order had several hundred living members, ranging from kings to bourgeois. Recognising that the order had been significantly devalued, Henry founded the Order of the Holy Spirit December 31, 1578- thereby creating a two-tier system: the new order would be reserved for princes and powerful nobles whilst the old Order of Saint Michael would be given to less eminent servants of the Crown. This Order was dedicated to the Holy Spirit to commemorate the fact that Henry was elected King of Poland (1573) and inherited the throne of France (1574) on two Pentecosts.
During the French Revolution the Order of the Holy Spirit was officially abolished by the French government along with all other chivalric orders from the Ancien Regime, although the exiled Louis XVIII continued to acknowledge it. Following the Restoration, the order was officially revived, only to be abolished again by the Orleanist Louis-Philippe following the July Revolution in 1830. Despite the abolition of the order, both the Orleanist and Legitimist pretenders to the French throne have continued to nominate members of the order, long after the abolition of the French monarchy itself.
Composition.
The King of France was the Sovereign and Grand Master ("Souverain Grand Maître"), and made all appointments to the order. Members of the order can be split into three categories:
Initially, four of the ecclesiastic members had to be cardinals, whilst the other four had to be archbishops or prelates. This was later relaxed so that all eight had to be either cardinals, archbishops or prelates.
Members of the order had to be Roman Catholic, and had to be able to demonstrate three degrees of nobility. The minimum age for members was 35, although there were some exceptions:
All Knights of the order were also members of the Order of Saint Michael. As such, they were generally known as "Chevalier des Ordres du Roi" (i.e. "Knights of the Royal Orders"), instead of the more lengthy "Chevalier de Saint-Michel et Chevalier du Saint-Esprit" (i.e. "Knight of Saint Michael and Knight of the Holy Spirit").
Officers.
The officers of the order were as follows:
Vestments and accoutrements.
The symbol of the order is known as the Cross of the Holy Spirit. (This is a Maltese Cross); at the periphery, the eight points of the cross are rounded, and between each pair of arms there is a fleur-de-lis. Imposed on the centre of the cross is a dove. The eight rounded corners represent the Beatitudes, the four fleur-de-lis represent the Gospels, the twelve petals represent the Apostles, and the dove signifies the Holy Spirit. The Cross of the Holy Spirit was worn hung from a blue riband ("Le cordon bleu").
Cordon Bleu.
Due to the blue riband from which the Cross of the Holy Spirit was hung, the Knights became known as "Les Cordon Bleus". Over time, this expression was extended to refer to other distinctions of the highest class - for example, Cordon Bleu cooking and Blue Riband sporting events. It has been suggested that the term Cordon Bleu in cooking has derived from the splendour of feasts held by the Knights and not simply from the term becoming synonymous with prestige; however, this is not confirmed.
Habit and insignia.
The badge of the Order is a gold Maltese cross with white borders, each of the eight points ending in a gold ball (points boutonnées) and with a gold fleur-de-lys between each adjacent pair of its arms. At the center of the cross, was set a white dove descending (i.e., with its wings and head pointing downward) surrounded by green flames. The back of this cross worn by the knights was the same as the front except with the medallion of the Order of Saint Michael at the center rather than the dove and flames (those of ecclesiastical members were the same on the back as on the front). During the ceremonies, the cross of officers and commanders officers was attached to a collar of links of gold fleur-de-lis alternating with links consisting of a white enameled letter H (the first initial of name of the founder) crowned with a gold French royal crown, with identical crowns on either side of it or alternately with a trophy of weapons. Each of these links was surrounded with red enamel flames forming a square around it.[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Collier_de_l%27ordre_du_Saint-Esprit_.jpg][http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Elements_collier_Saint-Esprit.svg] More generally, the cross was suspended from a large ribbon of color moirée blue sky, hence the nickname cordon bleu the knights wore.
For the ceremonies of the Order and when the knights of the Order made their Communion the knights wore a long black velvet mantle sprinkled with embroidered gold and red flames and with a representation of the collar round its edges embroidered in gold, red and silver. Like the royal mantle, this mantle opened on the right side and just as an ermine shoulder cape covered the top of the royal mantle, a shoulder cape of pale green velvet with the same embroidery but smaller was worn over this mantle and formed the upper part of it. Both the mantle proper and the shoulder cape were lined with a yellowish orange satin.[http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/Louis_Philippe_Joseph_d%27Orl%C3%A9ans.jpg] The mantle was worn over a white coat (with the star of the Order embroidered on the left breast), waistcoat and puffed hose, heavily embroided with silver. A black hat with a white plume completed the dress. 
The star of the Order had the same design as the front of the badge, but embroidered in silver (later a medal star in silver was used) on both the knights' coats and their vests.
Special privileges and honours associated with the Order.
In France red or green sealing wax was used for the royal seal on documents requiring a royal seal; only in documents relating to the Order of the Holy Spirit was white wax used for this royal seal. 

</doc>
<doc id="2871320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871320" title="Samuel J. Seymour">
Samuel J. Seymour

Samuel James Seymour (March 28, 1860 – April 12, 1956) was the last surviving person who had been present in Ford's Theatre the night of the assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln on April 14, 1865. He was from Maryland and lived in Arlington, Virginia in his later years.
When Seymour was five, his godmother, Mrs. George S. Goldsboro, took him to see "Our American Cousin". He claimed the two sat in the balcony on the side opposite Lincoln's box. Seymour reported that "I complained tearfully that I couldn't get out of the coach because my shirt was torn—anything to delay the dread moment—but Sarah (nurse Sarah Cook) dug into her bag and found a big safety pin. I shook so hard from fright, it caused Sarah to accidentally stab me with the pin. I hollered 'I've been shot! I've been shot!'"
Once in the theater, Seymour settled down. He saw the President across the balcony as he was waving and smiling at people. Seymour said "I began to get over the scared feeling I'd had ever since we arrived in Washington, but that was something I never should have done. All of a sudden a shot rang out—a shot that always will be remembered—and someone in the President's box screamed. I saw Lincoln slumped forward in his seat." Seymour did not actually see the assassination but did witness Lincoln's assassin John Wilkes Booth jump off the balcony. In fact, he revealed that because he did not know Lincoln was shot or that Booth had shot him, his real concern was for Booth.
Just two months before his death, at age 95, he appeared on the February 9, 1956 episode of the CBS TV quiz show "I've Got a Secret" as a mystery subject, in an episode in which Lucille Ball made an unusual appearance as a guest panelist. Seymour incorrectly gave his age on the show as 96, although his 96th birthday was actually not until March 28, several weeks later. He had been in failing health since February when he fell in a New York City hotel while preparing to appear on "I've Got A Secret". He came on the show with his left eye swollen. Garry Moore had suggested he not appear, but Seymour insisted. In the episode, he was initially questioned by Bill Cullen but it was Jayne Meadows who guessed Seymour's claim to fame. Moore generously awarded Seymour the $80.00 he would have won had he stumped the panel, and a can of Prince Albert pipe tobacco rather than the usual prize of a carton of Winston cigarettes (Winston was the show's sponsor, but Seymour did not smoke cigarettes).
Samuel J. Seymour, who made his home in Baltimore, MD, for many decades, where he worked as a carpenter and contractor, was survived by five children, 13 grandchildren and 35 great-grandchildren. He was interred at Loudon Park Cemetery, in Baltimore.
Seymour died April 12, 1956, in Arlington, Virginia, at the home of his daughter Irene (Horn) Hendley, 15 days after his 96th birthday, 3 days shy of the 91st anniversary of the Lincoln assassination, and 63 days after his appearance on "I've Got A Secret".

</doc>
<doc id="2871325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871325" title="Steve Levy (politician)">
Steve Levy (politician)

Steven A. "Steve" Levy (pronounced "LEE-vee"; born August 25, 1959) was the seventh County Executive of Suffolk County, New York, elected on November 4, 2003. Originally a fiscally conservative Democrat, Levy joined the Republican Party in an unsuccessful bid for the Republican nomination for governor.
Personal life.
Steve Levy was born in Glendale, Queens. Along with his brother and sister, he was raised in Holbrook, New York by his father Andrew Levy, who owned a Brooklyn appliance store, and his mother, Marie Cavalcante Levy. His father was Jewish, descended from immigrants from Alsace-Lorraine, and his mother was Italian American and Catholic. (Levy was reared as a Catholic). He is a graduate of Sachem High School in Holbrook (1977), the State University of New York at Stony Brook (1981, magna cum laude) and St. John's University School of Law (1984). Levy married Colleen West on December 2, 1994, at St. Ann's Episcopal Church in Sayville, New York. They live in Bayport, New York with her children from a previous marriage.
Politics.
In 1984, Levy was elected to the Suffolk County Legislature where he served for 15 years (1985–2000). In 2000, he was elected to the New York State Assembly, where he represented the 5th Assembly District from 2001 to 2003.
Levy, then a Democrat who identified as fiscally conservative, ran for the office of Suffolk County Executive in 2003. He opposed Republican Edward Romaine. Levy entered office in 2004. On November 6, 2007, he was overwhelmingly re-elected to a second term with cross-endorsement and receiving 96% of the vote.
Reflecting concerns of many residents in the county about rising numbers of immigrants, especially undocumented ones, Levy has promoted anti-immigrant policies, including employer verification of worker status and restrictions on drivers licenses for undocumented immigrants. In November 2008 seven local high school students attacked and murdered Marcelo Lucero, an Ecuadorian immigrant who had lived and worked for 16 years at a cleaners in Patchogue, Suffolk County, supporting his mother in Ecuador. Levy described the killing as not "a question of any county policy or legislation," but "a question of bad people doing horrific things." The students admitted to anti-Latino attacks, and were sentenced to varying terms.
2010 New York Governor's race.
On March 19, 2010, Levy announced that he would switch political parties, seeking the Republican Party's nomination for New York Governor, competing with former New York Congressman Rick Lazio and Buffalo developer Carl Paladino for the party nomination. Though he changed his voter registration to the Republican Party, this change came after the deadline for making such a change. For legal purposes, Levy remained a Democrat until November 2010, with the registration change taking effect after Election Day.
Levy's platform focused on getting the state's financial house in order and reining in spending, while decreasing property taxes. He also called for the creation of an independent control board, much like the ones formed by the state for counties who are in financial crisis, to help address the state of New York's fiscal woes.
Despite the support of state Republican chairman Edward F. Cox, Levy failed to gain the necessary support at the New York State Republican Convention for a "Wilson Pakula," the document necessary for non-party members to seek a party's nomination. Authorizing such a document requires a majority weighted vote of the attending members of the party; Levy received 42 percent, which barred him from entering the Republican primary, either by nomination or by petition. As a result, Levy was eliminated from the race.
In 2011 Levy announced he would not seek reelection to a third term as county executive. His announcement followed an investigation by Suffolk District Attorney Thomas Spota's Government Corruption Bureau. In a statement, Spota said his investigation revealed "serious issues with regard to fundraising and the manner in which it was conducted." When questions were raised about Levy’s $4 million dollar campaign war chest, the outgoing executive agreed to have contributions returned to the original donors.

</doc>
<doc id="2871330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871330" title="See Me (song)">
See Me (song)

"See Me" is a single by Melanie Blatt written for the "Robots" movie. It peaked at #78 in the UK charts. The single was not released on the "Robots" soundtrack.
Video.
The video of the single includes footage from the movie and Melanie dressed in all white with the left side of her face, neck and left hand covered in diamonds.

</doc>
<doc id="2871343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871343" title="Johann Georg Grasel">
Johann Georg Grasel

Johann Georg Grasel (April 4, 1790 in Nové Syrovice near Moravské Budějovice – January 31, 1818, hanged in Vienna) was the leader of robber's gang. His name is used in Czech language as a common term for a rascal or villain ("grázl") to this day.
Grasel was born into the poor family of a knacker. Both his father and his mother helped themselves by stealing, occasionally ending up in prison. Young Johann was forced to steal to survive and at the age of 9 he entered prison for the first time (for two weeks). Grasel became leader of several groups of brutal robbers in south Moravia and northern Lower Austria. He managed to escape from prison several times. In 1815 he and his group of 66 were caught by the authorities. Grasel was accused of 205 crimes, including several murders and sentenced to death. Sixty thousand people watched when he and his two colleagues were hanged.
Unlike many others of his kind Grasel entered folk legends, both as a noble hero who took from the rich to give to the poor and as a brutal rascal. The second interpretation made it into the Czech language and the word "grázl" (meaning "villain") is now commonly used, even without knowledge of its origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2871347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871347" title="Phoebe Atwood Taylor">
Phoebe Atwood Taylor

Phoebe Atwood Taylor (1909 –1976) was an American mystery author.
Phoebe Atwood Taylor wrote mystery novels under her own name, and as Freeman Dana and Alice Tilton. Her first novel, "The Cape Cod Mystery", introduced the "Codfish Sherlock", Asey Mayo, who became a series character appearing in 24 novels. Taylor's work was light in tone, a bit more serious than screwball comedy, but fun and easy to read. According to critic Dilys Winn, "Mrs. Taylor is the mystery equivalent to Buster Keaton." She borrowed heavily on her own background (being born in Boston, and very familiar with Cape Cod) to produce books full of local color. "As a whole the Asey Mayo books are a treasure trove of humor and local culture of the Cape in the 1930s and '40s." Taylor adopted the pseudonyms of Freeman Dana and Alice Tilton for her other books because her publisher did not want her known as a writer of potboilers. Like many who lived through the Great Depression, she was in constant need of money, and one of her letters to her publisher was printed in a recent edition of one of her books as an explanation of why she adopted the pen name of Alice Tilton for the popular Leonidas Witherall novel series.
Asey Mayo.
Asey (a nickname for his given name, Asa) Mayo is a down-to-earth Cape Cod resident who has had numerous adventures around the world during his former sailing career, but now works as a kind of general assistant to the heir to "Porter Motors." He has an immense amount of local knowledge of local geography and the doings of the inhabitants of Cape Cod, and uses his knowledge, his physical stamina, his very fast car and a great deal of intelligence to solve local murders at breakneck speed. His cousin Jennie Mayo, a repository of local gossip, plays a role in many of the novels, and her husband Syl often assists Asey. Jennie's charitable and civic activities in the community often provide the starting point for Asey's cases, but another constant theme is the interference of "folks from away" in local affairs.
The earliest Asey Mayo titles are rather dark, perhaps reflecting the Depression background. As the series went on, the tone lightened and approached the screwball towards the end of the series. All the books have a strong sense of the Cape Cod background, and many have a strong sense of time as well. In the novels written during World War II, for example, Mayo is hindered by fuel and rubber rationing, military maneuvers, Fifth column activity, civilian defense groups, blackouts and First Aid training.
Leonidas Witherall.
Leonidas Witherall ("the man who looks like Shakespeare"), once an instructor at a private boys' school, has lost all of his money due to the Wall Street crash of 1929, and takes to anonymously writing books and, later, a radio show about the adventures of "Lieutenant Hazeltine" as a means of survival, while solving murders as a sideline. In the eight novels chronicling his adventures, Witherall is confronted with a corpse under unusual and maximally embarrassing circumstances that suggest his own guilt, requiring him to enlist a motley crew of assistants, use disguise and impersonation to escape discovery, and engage in at least one scavenger-hunt-like chase before solving the crime. Once in every novel, Witherall references the radio program's constant repetition of "Cannae"—an ancient battle from which Hazeltine draws inspiration so that his smaller force defeats his larger mass of enemies. This mention of Cannae means that Witherall is about to marshal his assistants as part of a clever scheme to deliver the murderer to justice. Hazeltine is also subject to the machinations of the "octopus of fate", by which an incredible coincidence is explained at least once in every Witherall novel. In 1944, the character was adapted into a Mutual radio mystery program, "The Adventures of Leonidas Witherall".
Mystery critic Dilys Winn had this to say about the Witherall novels: "These books don't make all that much sense, but they go a long way in proving that making sense is immaterial -- a guffaw is more vital. Tilton books are so busy, so complicated, so Marx Brothers ... that makes them sound as if they might have a plot, doesn't it? Bad assumption. They drift from incident to incident with the style of the crash 'em cars at a carnival." Mystery writer and critic H. R. F. Keating wrote, in an introduction to a 1987 reissue of the first Witherall novel, "If a writer can keep in play an interest in a crime of some sort, preferably indeed murder, and at the same time induce the reader to take the hither-and-thither balloon flight of farce, then the entertainment provided will be not doubled but tripled. But it is difficult. I suspect that the only recipe for success is sheer deftness in writing, coupled perhaps with establishing a firm basis in fact before the hilarious fantasy is allowed to take off. Both these elements Alice Tilton has at her disposal."

</doc>
<doc id="2871348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871348" title="National Museum of Ghana">
National Museum of Ghana

The National Museum of Ghana is in the Ghanaian capital, Accra. It is the largest and oldest of the six museums under the administration of the Ghana Museums and Monuments Board (GMMB).
The museum building was opened on 5 March 1957 as part of Ghana’s independence celebrations. The official opening was performed by Duchess of Kent, the late Princess Marina. The Museum's first Director was A.W. Lawrence.
Objects of archaeology, ethnography as well as fine art find place in the National Museum building.
Objects in the archeology section range from the stone age period to the recent historical past. Those on permanent exhibition at the ethnography gallery include chief’s regalia, indigenous Ghanaian musical instruments, gold weights, beads, traditional textiles, stools and pottery. There are also objects from other African countries acquired through exchange. Examples are Senfu masks from Ivory Coast, Zulu wooden figures and bead-ware from Southern Africa. In addition there are also ancient Ife bronze heads from Nigeria and Bushongo carvings from the Congo. Exhibits at the small but impressive art gallery consist mainly of contemporary Ghanaian paintings executed in oils, pastels, acrylics, watercolours and collages. Apart from these there are sculpture pieces in different media.

</doc>
<doc id="2871353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871353" title="Dan Bejar">
Dan Bejar

Daniel Bejar (; born October 4, 1972) is an independent singer-songwriter from Vancouver, Canada. Bejar has gained widespread popularity through his musical collaborations with Vancouver indie-rock band The New Pornographers, but has released far more material as the frontman of his band Destroyer. He is renowned for his poetic and often cryptic lyrics as well as his unorthodox vocals. In 2006, he joined with Carey Mercer of Frog Eyes and Spencer Krug of Sunset Rubdown and Wolf Parade as part of another indie supergroup, Swan Lake. He has also collaborated with his girlfriend Sydney Vermont as the duo Hello, Blue Roses, whose debut album was released in 2008.
Personal Life.
Bejar's father was a physicist and his mother was a Spanish teacher. Growing up, Bejar moved frequently, and as an adult he has resided in Canada and Spain. Bejar attended University of British Columbia for three years: "To my credit, I eventually dropped out; to my discredit, I waited three years to do it. I was taking mostly English and Philosophy classes, fooling myself into thinking I might be an academic." He has one daughter.
Miscellaneous.
A March 2011 article in The New Yorker revealed the visual artist Dan Bejar's elaborate efforts at impersonating the singer, creating confusion and errors in media coverage between the two different men with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="2871361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871361" title="Pen-y-Bont railway station">
Pen-y-Bont railway station

Pen-y-Bont railway station is a railway station serving the village of Penybont, in mid Wales. It is situated on the Heart of Wales Line. The station is located closer to the villages of Crossgates and Fron than it is to Penybont itself, and is now the closest station to the town of Rhayader, about 9 miles to the west.
Services.
All trains serving the station are operated by Arriva Trains Wales. There are four trains a day in each direction from Monday to Saturday, and two services on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="2871364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871364" title="Frederick John Bahr">
Frederick John Bahr

Frederick John Bahr (1837–1885) was an inventor from Baden-Wuerttemburg, Germany, who eventually settled on top of Wills Mountain in Cumberland, Maryland, United States.
A B&O Railroad magazine wrote an article noting that Frederick was "an eccentric German with indefatigable energy." When Frederick opened a beer garden and bowling alley, he first built a railroad up the mountainside and had mules turning a pulley system at the top, which moved the railroad cars up the mountain, carrying tourists. But that was not sustainable, so he invented a type of cigar-shaped balloon/blimp to be filled with hydrogen and which was made of fabric pieces sewn by Margaret, his wife, by hand. Paddle wheels were on the sides and it had two cranks for propulsion windlass. Although hydrogen was plentiful, it was very expensive, and Frederick sunk all his money into financing the gas. Numerous newspaper accounts were made interviewing him about his secretly keeping his inventions in a cave in the Knobly Mountains of West Virginia, and that he applied for patents in New York. One of his balloons was destroyed by fire as it was being filled with hydrogen. Another was supposedly cut to pieces by some of his enemies who thought he was crazy. Another was taken away suddenly by a terrible wind. 
It was advertised in the Cumberland Times that a balloon exhibition would be held in the Cumberland City ball park on October, 1885. But there was no newspaper follow up on what ever transpired after that date - whether success or failure - or even if he was injured in the trial. 
Before his unknown demise, he might have worked as a laborer in West Virginia, but nonetheless, he lived alone in his last years, and is buried in an unmarked grave somewhere on Mt. Savage. 
See also other photos including Lover's Leap, and the log cabin homestead (painted in 1878 by daughter, Norma Bahr) at www.findagrave.com / search non-famous/frederick john bahr.

</doc>
<doc id="2871366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871366" title="Do Me Wrong">
Do Me Wrong

"Do Me Wrong" is a solo single by Melanie Blatt of All Saints, credited as (Mel Blatt on the single cover). It peaked at #18 in the UK charts.
Video.
The video, directed by Si&Ad (that is Simon Atkinson and Adam Townley), is based on the G Town Radio Edit of the song and features Melanie Blatt in a car in the desert in Spain trying to get away from her unfaithful boyfriend.
Remixes.
Do me wrong

</doc>
<doc id="2871370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871370" title="Nicholas Rawlins">
Nicholas Rawlins

Professor Nicholas Rawlins is a British experimental psychologist. He was born in 1949, and was married to the philosopher Susan Hurley from 1986 until her death on 16 August 2007.
Nick Rawlins is Watts Professor of Psychology in the Department of Experimental Psychology at the University of Oxford. His research interests include animal learning and memory, brain mechanisms of memory storage, animal models of psychosis, attentional deficits in schizophrenia, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (FMRI) studies of pain in humans and behavioural phenotyping of genetically modified mice.
Rawlins was a Fellow of University College, Oxford, from 1983 until the end of 2007, when he moved to a Professorial Fellowship at Wolfson College, Oxford. He retains his link with University College as an Emeritus Fellow. He was appointed as Oxford University's Pro-Vice-Chancellor for Development and External Affairs on 23 June 2010.
His most cited paper is entitled "Place navigation impaired in rats with hippocampal lesions", published jointly with Richard Morris, Paul Garrud and John O'Keefe, which has been cited 2,662 times, and was published in "Nature" in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2871376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871376" title="Amelioration">
Amelioration

Amelioration may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871383" title="T. F. Thiselton-Dyer">
T. F. Thiselton-Dyer

The Reverend Thomas Firminger Thiselton-Dyer, MA, Oxon (25 July 1848 – 14 July 1923) was a son of William George Thiselton-Dyer, physician and of Catherine Jane, née Firminger. He was educated at King's College School and at Pembroke College, Oxford. He was successively curate of St John's Church, Fitzroy Square, curate of Holy Trinity Church, Kilburn, vicar of St Paul's Church, Penzance, secretary of the South American Missionary Society and rector of Bayfield, Holt, Norfolk. He was an English writer of popular non-fiction books, including "British Customs: Past and Present," "The Folk-lore of Plants," and perhaps most famously, "Strange Pages from Family Papers," which was considered a masterpiece of popular historical writing. He was particularly admired for his ability to couple in-depth research with the suspense and excitement normally associated with the nascent art of detective fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="2871386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871386" title="Tim Kinsella">
Tim Kinsella

Tim Kinsella (born October 22, 1974) is a musician from Chicago, Illinois. He has been a member of many bands, including Cap'n Jazz, the Sky Corvair, Joan of Arc, Owls, Friend/Enemy, Everyoned, and Make Believe, and worked with a variety of musicians, from Marvin Tate and Leroy Bach to Angel Olsen and many more. He has also recorded solo material, some of it under the name Tim Kinsella(s).
Kinsella is known for his eccentric singing voice, and bartends at the Rainbo Club in Chicago's Ukrainian Village neighborhood. His brother Mike Kinsella refers to his bartending in the song "Breaking Away" on Owen's "(The EP)" (2004).
Tim Kinsella is the writer-director of the feature film "Orchard Vale", which opened at the Chicago Underground Film Festival on August 15, 2007, and his first novel, entitled "The Karaoke Singer's Guide to Self-Defense", was published by Featherproof Books in September 2011 (Eric Lutz of "Newcity" wrote, "Most of the time, it’s gripping. On a number of occasions, it’s shit-your-pants brilliant"). His second novel, "Let Go and Go On and On" (Curbside Splendor Publishing), which takes its inspiration from the late actress Laurie Bird's brief film career in the '70s, followed in April 2014.
History.
Tim Kinsella got his start musically around 1989 when he, his brother, Mike Kinsella, met Sam Zurick, and Victor Villarreal to form Cap'n Jazz. They were all in school at the time, and it took them a while to get serious about playing music. After going through several name changes, and adding guitarist Davey von Bohlen, the group decided to make music seriously, ultimately garnering a cult following, and fame in the independent music scene of Chicago and the midwest.
Cap'n Jazz.
Following the release of Cap'n Jazz's first and only album, "Burritos, Inspiration Point, Fork Balloon Sports, Cards In The Spokes, Automatic Biographies, Kites, Kung Fu, Trophies, Banana Peels We've Slipped On and Egg Shells We've Tippy Toed Over" (also known as "Shmap'n Shmazz"), and their last show on July 14, 1995 they disbanded, and member Davey von Bohlen left Chicago to focus on his side project The Promise Ring. Three years after the breakup, in 1998, Jade Tree Records put out a double disc compilation, called "Analphabetapolothology", which included all the songs from "Shmap'n Shmazz", as well as songs from various 7", singles, demos and outtakes. Victor Villareal went home, and after a year of playing music independently, Tim, Mike, and Sam recruited Erik Bocek and Jeremy Boyle for what would eventually be called Joan of Arc. On January 22, 2010, Cap'n Jazz played their first reunion show since the split in 1995 at the Empty Bottle in their hometown of Chicago. They have since released details of their shows at The Bottom Lounge for July 17 and 18th of 2010.
The Sky Corvair.
The Sky Corvair began as a side project for members of Braid, Cap'n Jazz, and Gauge. They played their first show in October 1994, and recorded nine songs that December. Shortly thereafter, Tim Kinsella left the band to pursue Cap'n Jazz full-time. Tim's credit on The Sky Corvair's only album includes, guitar, vocals, and mixing.
Joan of Arc.
After the demise of Cap'n Jazz, Kinsella began writing new material with keyboardist Jeremy Boyle. At this point, he was learning a new instrument (the guitar), and his songwriting began to take an abstract/experimental turn. Simultaneously, Sam Zurick was learning the drums, and playing in a band with Erik Bocek (a high school friend and former Cap'n Jazz roadie). The two were joined together, and after the addition of Mike Kinsella, Red Blue Yellow was born.
After difficulties, and a breakup after their first show, they threw away all of their old material, and started afresh, with a new name, and new songs. Three months later, Joan of Arc had their first show at Autonomous Zone in Chicago. After two promising 7" singles the band recorded their debut album "A Portable Model of..." for Jade Tree. The album introduced JOA's signature sound - a fondness for stark acoustic songs then altered with subtle electronics.
Owls.
Owls were an indie rock band from Chicago, Illinois, from 2001-2002. The band was formed by the original lineup of seminal experimental indie rock band Cap'n Jazz soon after its second breakup (the first came in 1994); Cap'n Jazz guitarist Davey Von Bohlen, who played in the band's second incarnation, had gone on to found, and was now playing in The Promise Ring. The band's lineup consisted of brothers Tim Kinsella and Mike Kinsella (on vocals and drums, respectively), along with guitarist Victor Villareal and bassist Sam Zurick. Tim Kinsella and Zurick have also played together in Joan of Arc and Make Believe, and Villareal and Zurick have played together in the instrumental-rock Ghosts and Vodka.
The band released an album, Owls, in 2001. Unfortunately, the band dissolved after one tour. Rumours circulated that this was largely due to the complications arising from guitarist Victor Villareal's heroin dependency. When Mike Kinsella left to continue his solo project Owen and to play guitar for Maritime, he was replaced for a few live shows by Ryan Rapsys.
Friend/Enemy.
Friend/Enemy was formed in 2001 as the next in a series of projects fronted by Kinsella. The band's core members include Kinsella, Todd Mattei (also of Joan of Arc), and Jim Becker (Califone). Friend/Enemy can best be described as a loose folk-punk somewhere between T.V. Smith and Captain Beefheart. Kinsella's trademark postmodern beat poet routine takes a sharper, more adult turn and Becker adds a host of incidental noises including banjo, pedal steel, and percussion. The first release, 10 Songs, was recorded at the Slabb in Chicago and had a handful of the city's musical intelligentsia adding sounds. These included vocals by Caryn Culp (Plastic Crime Wave), keyboards by Andy Lansagan (the 90 Day Men), bass by Nick Macri (Euphone, Sunny Day Real Estate), piano by Azita Youssefi (Bride of No No), and bass by Sam Zurick (Joan of Arc, Owls).
Everyoned.
Tim has participated in Everyoned, a supergroup which also includes members from Pigface, TV Pow, Joan of Arc, Town & Country, Revolting Cocks, and Central Falls. Though a Chicago favorite, album sales never translated and each band mate went back to their preoccupying gig.
Make Believe.
Make Believe is 2003's touring version of Joan of Arc, consisting of singer Tim Kinsella, guitarist Sam Zurick, bassist Bobby Burg, and drummer Nate Kinsella. After 3 months of touring solidified their playing together, they returned home and decided to follow this impulse and write new songs with a more aggressive approach. But they all knew it had to be something different than Joan of Arc. For it to be represented as a true collaboration and reflect its totally different approach to songwriting and speak for itself it had to shake whatever connotations the band name Joan of Arc had acquired. Their first full-length "Shock of Being" was released on October 4, 2005. In June 2007 Kinsella left the band to focus on other projects and married life. However, months after his departure from the band, Kinsella rejoined his bandmates and recorded their third album in fall 2007. On February 22, 2008 the band played their first show since Kinsella's departure at Chicago's Subterranean. The third full-length "Goin' to the Bone Church" was released on April 29, 2008.
Collaborations.
Tim has also worked on numerous collaborations. He has worked with an array of Chicago heavyweights including the prolific poet Marvin Tate and multi-instrumentalist (& former Wilco member) LeRoy Bach. Kinsella worked on an album released on Joyful Noise Recordings called "Tim Kinsella sings the songs of Marvin Tate by LeRoy Bach featuring Angel Olsen". Kinsella is the album's narrator, walking the line between judgment and sympathy, and shepherding all of the characters through their various struggles. Themes of race, private culture, and psychological stress rise throughout the work. Eventually the consensus was made that some of the stories could be enhanced by an additional singer. The trio enlisted their friend Angel Olsen Jagjaguwar Records. The release is limited to just 1000 copies on splatter vinyl.
Tim Kinsella(s).
After the release of "the Gap", Tim started to do some solo work for Troubleman Unlimited, and decided that this new era should coincide with a name change. He released 4 works under Tim Kinsellas for various labels. Tim had a falling out with the head of Troubleman Unlimited over royalties and currently the two are not speaking even though Tim admits his error on the issue.
Tim's solo release entitled "Crucifix/Swastika" was written while he was on his honeymoon. Field Recordings of Dreams was recorded late at night.
A Set.
Tim contributed his guitar work to the A Set CD "The Science of Living Things" released on the now defunct label Tree Records. Albert Menduno is the lead man behind this band and has released CDs without the contribution of Tim Kinsella.
Discography.
"Albums"
"Comps"

</doc>
<doc id="2871387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871387" title="Jules Robert Auguste">
Jules Robert Auguste

Jules Robert Auguste (1789 – 15 April 1850) was a French painter associated with Romanticism and classicism.

</doc>
<doc id="2871389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871389" title="Like Someone in Love (Ella Fitzgerald album)">
Like Someone in Love (Ella Fitzgerald album)

Like Someone in Love is a 1957 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, with a studio orchestra arranged and conducted by Frank DeVol. This album represents a fine example of Ella's singing from this period, recorded at the same time as her albums with Louis Armstrong.
History.
The album was also recorded in the midst of her epic 'Songbooks' project, celebrating the composers of the 'Great American Songbook' and Broadway. The album features only four songs written by the composers featured in her 'Songbooks', instead concentrating on very famous ballads by lesser known writers. Some songs on the album were also recorded with Armstrong on the albums that they collaborated on from this period. The famous American saxophonist Stan Getz is featured on tenor sax on four tracks, including "Midnight Sun" and "You're Blasé". Ted Nash plays the alto sax and solos. Cover photos are by the great Phil Stern.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Scott Yanow wrote of the album "Most of the songs are veteran standards... her voice was so strong and appealing during this era that all of her recordings from the mid- to late '50s are enjoyable and easily recommended."
Track listing.
For the 1957 Verve album "Someone in Love", Verve MGV-4004 
Side One:
Side Two:
Bonus Tracks; Issued on the 1991 Verve CD re-issue "Like Someone in Love", Verve 314-511 524-2
16. “I'll Never Be the Same”* (Gus Kahn, Matty Malneck, Frank Signorelli) – 4:23
17. “Lost in a Fog”* (Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh) – 3:59
18. “Everything Happens to Me”* (Tom Adair, Matt Dennis) – 3:51
19. “So Rare” (Jerry Herst, Jack Sharpe) – 3:34
Tracks 1-11 recorded October 15, 1957 in Hollywood, Los Angeles
Tracks 12-19 recorded October 28, 1957 in Hollywood, Los Angeles

</doc>
<doc id="2871395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871395" title="Perl Object-Oriented Persistence">
Perl Object-Oriented Persistence

Perl Object-Oriented Persistence (POOP) is the term given to refer to object-relational mapping mechanisms written in the Perl programming language to provide object persistence. Dave Rolsky divides POOP mechanisms into two categories:

</doc>
<doc id="2871399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871399" title="Juniper Ridge">
Juniper Ridge

Juniper Ridge is a community located in the city of Kamloops, British Columbia. It is situated at the south-east end of the city on a hillside south of the South Thompson River. There is a convenience store at the entrance to the community, and the area is serviced by an elementary school. It is accessible only by one road, Highland Drive, however a formerly washed out dirt road has been refilled allowing emergency access to the Rose Hill area. Most of the streets in this neighborhood are named after rivers in the province, such as:
Skeena, Nechako, Omineca, Babine, Coldwater, etc. Tennis courts and an ice rink with bright lighting are located at the local community center, Juniper Park.
History.
The Cordonier Ranch.
Prior to 1971, the Cordonier ranch, which occupied the lands now known as Juniper Ridge, was used as for the grazing of sheep during the spring on their passage from the Kamloops area to Crowfoot mountain in the Shuswap. A highway accident involving a loaded semi trailer and sheep along the highway resulted in restriction being put in place that banned the transfer of sheep along the highway. As such, sheep were prevented from returning to the area now known as Juniper Ridge and this area of the Cordonier ranch went unused, providing insufficient income to both owner and government.
The Hesperia Development.
The beginnings of the housing development now known as Juniper Ridge was originally known as The Hesperia Development Project, with the land being owned by Hesperia Development Limited. The beginning of project in particular was initiated by Brentwood Estates Limited in late 1970. The Municipality of Valleyview (now a community within the municipality of Kamloops) accepted a report detailing the proposed community as submitted on August 4, 1971. Shortly after the approval of this preliminary report, Hesperia Development Limited filed an application with the Town of Valleyview to be included within the town's limits. This was eventually done in March 1972.
The Juniper Lands Project.
On December 10, 1971, The Hesperia Development Project was sold to Juniper Lands Ltd based out of Vancouver, BC. Juniper Lands LTD was owned jointly by Hesperia and Tierra Properties. Subsequently Tierra Properties was appointed manager of the project. At this same time, the name of the project was changed to The Juniper Lands Project. The plan for the development of this land was submitted to the Municipality of Valleyview by Mr. Lawrence J. Rogers, the President of Juniper Lands and Tierra Properties and Mr Alfredo J. Luz of Townley Matheson and Partners on August 4, 1971. At this time, Juniper Lands owned all portions of what is now known as Juniper Ridge with the exception of small parcels along Highland Drive, which, in 1972 provided access solely to Valleyview park.
Housing Shortages.
One of the goals of the project was to provide housing in the Kamloops region which, at the time, was experiencing a housing shortage after an increase in government assistance in home purchases. In addition, all flat lands along the South Thompson River and western banks of the North Thompson had been fully developed at this time. In the original proposal, it was suggested that this community would serve as an example of a self-sufficient satellite community which would be less reliant upon the services provided within the city of Kamloops. This self-reliance, however, has to date not been fully achieved.
The Development Program.
Given that the area was totally undeveloped, the site needed complete survey and engineering, provision of roads, water, sewer, storm drainage, electricity and telephone facilities. As well, housing construction was to be completed in 7 phases which closely parallels the community as it exists today. Land was also set aside for the development of both elementary and high schools. The elementary school was built and sustained classes up to grade 4 until 1993 when the school was expanded to include classes up to grade 7. To date, no high school has been built, and all Juniper Ridge Elementary students take their subsequent high school education at Valleyview Senior Secondary. Land was also set aside for the establishment of hospitals, churches, green areas and commercial zones.
The Juniper Ridge Community Association (JRCA).
The JRCA was formed in 1983 and formed to provide a "convenient and effective method of informing and organizing fellow residents to address issues and to host community events". Its current president is Gillian Stephenson.

</doc>
<doc id="2871402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871402" title="U-Street All Stars">
U-Street All Stars

U-Street All Stars is a Finnish jazz band founded in the fall of 2000. They have released two albums on Blue Note Records.
The letter U in their band name comes from the fact that they rehearse in Uudenmaankatu, Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="2871405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871405" title="Ben Cross">
Ben Cross

Ben Cross (born 16 December 1947) is an English actor of the stage and screen, known for his portrayal of the British Olympic athlete Harold Abrahams in the 1981 film "Chariots of Fire".
Early life.
Cross was born Harry Bernard Cross in London to a working class Catholic family. His mother was a cleaning woman and his father a doorman and nurse. He began acting at a very young age and participated in school plays. Cross was educated at Bishop Thomas Grant secondary modern school in Streatham, South London.
Early work.
Cross initially worked in various jobs including work as a window cleaner, waiter and joiner. He was master carpenter for the Welsh National Opera and property master at the Alexandra Theatre in Birmingham.
In 1970 at the age of 22, he was accepted into London's Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA) - the alma mater of actors such as John Gielgud, Glenda Jackson and Anthony Hopkins, but later expressed little interest in pursuing the classical route.
He also appeared as a CI5 agent in an episode of The Professionals
After graduation from RADA, Cross performed in several stage plays at Duke's Playhouse where he was seen in "Macbeth", "The Importance of Being Earnest" and Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman." He then joined the Prospect Theatre Company and played roles in "Pericles", "Twelfth Night", and "Royal Hunt of the Sun". Cross also joined the cast in the immensely popular musical "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" and played leading roles in Sir Peter Shaffer's "Equus", "Mind Your Head" and the musical "Irma La Douce" – all at Leicester's Haymarket Theatre.
Cross's first big screen film appearance came in 1976 when he went on location to Deventer, Netherlands, to play Trooper Binns in Joseph E. Levine's World War II epic "A Bridge Too Far" which starred an international cast, including Dirk Bogarde, Sean Connery, Michael Caine and James Caan.
In 1977, Cross became a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company and performed in the premier of "Privates on Parade" as "Kevin Cartwright" and played Rover in a revival of a Restoration play titled "Wild Oats". Cross's path to international stardom began in 1978 with his performance in the play "Chicago" in which he played Billy Flynn, the slick lawyer of murderess Roxie Hart.
1980s–1990s.
In 1980 he appeared in the TV series The Professionals as undercover operative 'Stuart' in the episode Black Out.
During Cross's performance in "Chicago", he was recognised and recommended for a leading role in the multiple Oscar-winning "Chariots of Fire". For their performances in the film, Cross and his co-star Ian Charleson both won "Most Promising Artiste of 1981" awards from the Variety Club Awards in February 1982.
Cross's starring role in "Chariots of Fire" has been credited with continuing a transatlantic trend in elegant young English actors that had been set by Jeremy Irons in "Brideshead Revisited", and was followed by Rupert Everett in "Dance with a Stranger", Rupert Graves in "A Room With a View", and Hugh Grant in "Maurice".
Cross followed up "Chariots of Fire" with performances as a Scottish physician, Dr Andrew Mason, struggling with the politics of the British medical system during the 1920s, in "The Citadel", a 10-part BBC dramatisation of A.J. Cronin's novel, and as Ashton (Ash) Pelham-Martyn, a British cavalry officer torn between two cultures in the ITV miniseries "The Far Pavilions".
In 1982, the U.S. union Actors' Equity, in a landmark reversal of a previous ruling, allowed Cross to appear in John Guare's off-Broadway play "Lydie Breeze". The decision was tied to a joint effort by Actors' Equity, the League of New York Theatres and the British union Equity to allow British and U.S. actors unrestricted opportunities to work in both countries. The agreement eventually led to regular equal exchange agreements for equivalent acting jobs between London and New York.
During the 1984 Summer Olympic Games, Cross appeared in a commercial for American Express ('Don't leave home without it') with the 87-year-old Jackson Scholz, a sprinter for the 1924 American Olympic team whose character was featured in the film "Chariots of Fire". When Cross says something about beating Scholz, the latter remarks, ""You" didn't beat me!" with mock indignation. Proving he is 'still pretty fast', Scholz beats Cross to the draw in picking up the tab with his credit card.
He subsequently replaced James Garner as the featured actor endorsing the Polaroid Spectra camera in 1986. Cross was also featured in "GQ Magazine" as one of the annual "Manstyle" winners in January, 1985 followed by a featured photo shoot in March, 1985.
In 1985, he played Barney Greenwald in a hit revival of Herman Wouk's courtroom drama "The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial" at the Queen's Theatre, London.
In a 1985 interview the actor admitted he preferred American roles because of their emotionalism, saying of English acting: 'Over here, people hide behind mannerism and technique and don't come up with any soul. American actors are much freer with the emotions. It's pretty hard in Europe not to have experience of Americans because we're exposed to a lot of American product.' Cross also said that he was sympathetic to the American dream of success: 'I am ambitious. There's no point of being ashamed of the fact that one has ambitions. Despite what a lot of people think in our profession, you can have ambitions and still turn in good work and still earn a living. There's no clash there.' Cross expressed the hope that his reputation would 'span the Atlantic,' and that those in the industry would not ignore him because he did not live in New York or Los Angeles. 'A prospective director would have to convince me that I could bring something new, fresh and exciting to a classical part that hundreds of other people have played,' he said.
Over the years, Cross has played Solomon in the 1997 Trimark Pictures production "Solomon"; Captain Nemo in the 1997 CBS film "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea"; vampire Barnabas Collins in the 1991 MGM miniseries remake of the cult classic soap opera "Dark Shadows"; another vampire in the 1989 USA Network film "Nightlife"; Sir Harold Pearson in the 1994 Italian production "Caro Dolce Amore (Honey Sweet Love)"; Iraqi pilot Munir Redfa blackmailed into flying a MiG from Iraq to Israel in the 1988 HBO spy film "Steal the Sky"; and Nazi SS colonel and certified war criminal Helmut von Schraeder, who has his face and voice surgically changed, poses as a Jew in a concentration camp, then by twist of fate becomes a Zionist and ends up an Israeli major general in the 1989 Ian Sharp's TV miniseries "Twist of Fate", also titled "Pursuit".
2000 to present.
Cross played Ikey Solomon in the Australian production "The Potato Factory" in 2000. In 2005, Cross, an anti-death penalty campaigner, starred as a death-row prisoner in Bruce Graham's play, "Coyote on a Fence", at the Duchess Theatre. He played Rudolf Hess in the 2006 BBC production "".
In November 2007, Cross was cast in the role of Sarek, in the new "Star Trek" film directed and produced by J.J. Abrams. Cross spoke to "Star Trek" magazine following the film's release, saying, 'My agent put me forward for "Star Trek", and he sent a couple of films to J.J.. I'm sure he was too busy to watch the whole of "Species", but when we were on the set, he mentioned to me that there was one particular shot in it where I turned to the camera, and in that moment, it came to him how perfect it would be for me to play Sarek.' In order to prepare for the role, Cross drew on his experience as a parent as well as Sarek's previous on-screen appearances. Having been present when his daughter was born, he was able to 'call on all sorts of things' in the scene where Amanda has baby Spock, a scene which did not make it into the theatrical cut of the film. While he found the emotionless trait of a Vulcan a challenge to play, he found the father/son relationship between Sarek and Spock easier to play. 'As Sarek, I had to be true to the Vulcan cultural ethic, which in the beginning, I found very difficult. I got a lot of help with that from J.J.. Dealing with the adult Spock (played by Zachary Quinto) was a much more mature relationship, and I found the father/son aspect one of the easier things to play.'
In 2012, Cross was cast as Rabbit, the main antagonist on the Cinemax original series Banshee. Rabbit is "a ruthless Ukrainian gangster who has been hunting down two of his former top thieves for 15 years."
Other professions.
Cross is a director, writer and musician as well. He has written music, screenplays and articles for English language publications and has also written the lyrics for an album with Bulgarian singer Vasil Petrov, which was released in late 2007. He also sang two Sinatra songs with Petrov in the Apollonia Festival at the Black Sea in September 2007. Among many of his original works is the musical "Rage" about Ruth Ellis, which was performed in various regional towns in the London area. He also starred in it and played the part of the hangman. Cross's first single as a lyricist was released by Polydor Records in the late 1970s and was titled "Mickey Moonshine". The nom de guerre for the performance had occurred to Ben when he recalled an earlier involvement with the music industry as a session singer for Decca between 1972 and 1974. At this time, he had recorded at a moment's notice an uptempo number called 'Name it, You Got it', when the scheduled performer had failed to arrive at the studio on time. Interestingly, this recording achieved some play on the British Northern soul scene and Ben intends to reprise his performance as Micky Moonshine at a forthcoming Northern event. Other works include "The Best We’ve Ever Had" and "Nearly Midnight", both written by Cross and directed by his son Theo. In addition, the original soundtrack for "Nearly Midnight" was written, produced and performed by his daughter Lauren. These works were performed in Edinburgh in 2002 and 2003 respectively. "Square One", directed by Cross, was performed at the Etcetera Theatre in London in 2004.
Personal life.
Cross has lived all over the world, including London, Los Angeles, New York, southern Spain, Vienna, and, most recently, Sofia, Bulgaria. He is familiar with the Spanish, Italian, and German languages and enrolled in a course studying Bulgarian.
He has been married twice: first to Penny, from 1977 to 1992, with whom he has two children named Lauren and Theodore; and then to Michelle until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2871407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871407" title="Positivism">
Positivism

Positivism is the philosophy of science that information derived from logical and mathematical treatments and reports of sensory experience is the exclusive source of all authoritative knowledge, and that there is valid knowledge (truth) only in this derived knowledge. Verified data received from the senses are known as empirical evidence. Positivism holds that society, like the physical world, operates according to general laws. Introspective and intuitive knowledge is rejected. 
Although the positivist approach has been a recurrent theme in the history of western thought, the modern sense of the approach was developed by the philosopher and founding sociologist Auguste Comte in the early 19th century. Comte argued that, much as the physical world operates according to gravity and other absolute laws, so also does society.
Etymology.
The English noun "positivism" was re-imported in the 19th century from the French word "positivisme", derived from "positif" in its philosophical sense of 'imposed on the mind by experience'. The corresponding adjective (lat. "positīvus" 'arbitrarily imposed', from "pono" 'put in place') has been used in similar sense to discuss law (positive law compared to natural law) since the time of Chaucer.
Overview.
Antecedents.
Positivism is part of a more general ancient quarrel between philosophy and poetry, notably laid out by Plato and later reformulated as a quarrel between the sciences and the humanities, Plato elaborates a critique of poetry from the point of view of philosophy in his dialogues "Phaedrus" 245a, "Symposium" 209a, "Republic" 398a, "Laws" 817 b-d and "Ion". Wilhelm Dilthey popularized the distinction between Geisteswissenschaft (humanities) and Naturwissenschaften (natural science).
The consideration that laws in physics may not be absolute but relative, and, if so, this might be more true of social sciences, was stated, in different terms, by G. B. Vico in 1725. Vico, in contrast to the positivist movement, asserted the superiority of the science of the human mind (the humanities, in other words), on the grounds that natural sciences tell us nothing about the inward aspects of things.
Auguste Comte.
Positivism states that all authentic knowledge allows verification and that all authentic knowledge assumes that the only valid knowledge is scientific. Enlightenment thinkers such as Henri de Saint-Simon (1760-1825), Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749-1827) and Auguste Comte (1798-1859) believed the scientific method, the circular dependence of theory and observation, must replace metaphysics in the history of thought. Émile Durkheim (1858-1917) reformulated sociological positivism as a foundation of social research.
Wilhelm Dilthey (1833-1911), in contrast, fought strenuously against the assumption that only explanations derived from science are valid. He reprised the argument, already found in Vico, that scientific explanations do not reach the inner nature of phenomena and it is humanistic knowledge that gives us insight into thoughts, feelings and desires. Dilthey was in part influenced by the historicism of Leopold von Ranke (1795-1886).
Antipositivism.
At the turn of the 20th century the first wave of German sociologists, including Max Weber and Georg Simmel, rejected the doctrine, thus founding the antipositivist tradition in sociology. Later antipositivists and critical theorists have associated positivism with "scientism"; science "as ideology". Later in his career (1969), German theoretical physicist Werner Heisenberg, Nobel laureate for the creation of quantum mechanics, distanced himself from positivism by saying:
Logical positivism and postpositivism.
In the early 20th century, logical positivism — a descendant of Comte's basic thesis but an independent movement — sprang up in Vienna and grew to become one of the dominant schools in Anglo-American philosophy and the analytic tradition. Logical positivists (or 'neopositivists') reject metaphysical speculation and attempted to reduce statements and propositions to pure logic. Strong critiques of this approach by philosophers such as Karl Popper, Willard Van Orman Quine and Thomas Kuhn have been highly influential, and led to the development of postpositivism.
In historiography.
In historiography the debate on positivism has been characterized by the quarrel between positivism and historicism. (Historicism is also sometimes termed "historism" in the German tradition .)
Arguments against positivist approaches in historiography include that history differs from sciences like physics and ethology in subject matter and method. That much of what history studies is nonquantifiable, and therefore to quantify is to lose in precision. Experimental methods and mathematical models do not generally apply to history, and it is not possible to formulate general (quasi-absolute) laws in history.
In other fields.
Positivism in the social sciences is usually characterized by quantitative approaches and the proposition of quasi-absolute laws. A significant exception to this trend is represented by cultural anthropology, which tends naturally toward qualitative approaches.
In psychology the positivist movement was influential in the development of behavioralism and operationalism. The 1927 philosophy of science book "The Logic of Modern Physics" in particular, which was originally intended for physicists, coined the term operational definition, which went on to dominate psychological method for the whole century.
In economics, practising researchers tend to emulate the methodological assumptions of classical positivism, but only in a de facto fashion: the majority of economists do not explicitly concern themselves with matters of epistemology. In jurisprudence, "legal positivism" essentially refers to the rejection of natural law, thus its common meaning with philosophical positivism is somewhat attenuated and in recent generations generally emphasizes the authority of human political structures as opposed to a "scientific" view of law.
In the early 1970s, urbanists of the positivist-quantitative school like David Harvey started to question the positivist approach itself, saying that the arsenal of scientific theories and methods developed so far in their camp was "incapable of saying anything of depth and profundity" on the real problems of contemporary cities.
In 1990s sociology.
In contemporary social science, strong accounts of positivism have long since fallen out of favour. Practitioners of positivism today acknowledge in far greater detail observer bias and structural limitations. Modern positivists generally eschew metaphysical concerns in favor of methodological debates concerning clarity, replicability, reliability and validity. This positivism is generally equated with "quantitative research" and thus carries no explicit theoretical or philosophical commitments. The institutionalization of this kind of sociology is often credited to Paul Lazarsfeld, who pioneered large-scale survey studies and developed statistical techniques for analyzing them. This approach lends itself to what Robert K. Merton called middle-range theory: abstract statements that generalize from segregated hypotheses and empirical regularities rather than starting with an abstract idea of a social whole.
In 2000s sociology.
Other new movements, such as critical realism, have emerged to reconcile the overarching aims of social science with various so-called 'postmodern' critiques. There are now at least twelve distinct epistemologies that are referred to as positivism.
Sociological positivism.
Comte's positivism.
Auguste Comte (1798–1857) first described the epistemological perspective of positivism in "The Course in Positive Philosophy", a series of texts published between 1830 and 1842. These texts were followed by the 1844 work, "A General View of Positivism" (published in French 1848, English in 1865). The first three volumes of the "Course" dealt chiefly with the physical sciences already in existence (mathematics, astronomy, physics, chemistry, biology), whereas the latter two emphasized the inevitable coming of social science. Observing the circular dependence of theory and observation in science, and classifying the sciences in this way, Comte may be regarded as the first philosopher of science in the modern sense of the term. For him, the physical sciences had necessarily to arrive first, before humanity could adequately channel its efforts into the most challenging and complex "Queen science" of human society itself. His "View of Positivism" therefore set-out to define the empirical goals of sociological method.
Comte offered an account of social evolution, proposing that society undergoes three phases in its quest for the truth according to a general 'law of three stages'. The idea bears some similarity to Marx's belief that human society would progress toward a communist peak. This is perhaps unsurprising as both were profoundly influenced by the early Utopian socialist, Henri de Saint-Simon, who was at one time Comte's mentor. Comte intended to develop a secular-scientific ideology in the wake of European secularisation.
Comte's stages were (1) the "theological", (2) the "metaphysical", and (3) the "positive". The theological phase of man was based on whole-hearted belief in all things with reference to God. God, Comte says, had reigned supreme over human existence pre-Enlightenment. Humanity's place in society was governed by its association with the divine presences and with the church. The theological phase deals with humankind's accepting the doctrines of the church (or place of worship) rather than relying on its rational powers to explore basic questions about existence. It dealt with the restrictions put in place by the religious organization at the time and the total acceptance of any "fact" adduced for society to believe. Comte describes the metaphysical phase of humanity as the time since the Enlightenment, a time steeped in logical rationalism, to the time right after the French Revolution. This second phase states that the universal rights of humanity are most important. The central idea is that humanity is invested with certain rights that must be respected. In this phase, democracies and dictators rose and fell in attempts to maintain the innate rights of humanity.
The final stage of the trilogy of Comte's universal law is the scientific, or positive, stage. The central idea of this phase is that individual rights are more important than the rule of any one person. Comte stated that the idea of humanity's ability to govern itself makes this stage inherently different from the rest. There is no higher power governing the masses and the intrigue of any one person can achieve anything based on that individual's free will. The third principle is most important in the positive stage. Comte calls these three phases the universal rule in relation to society and its development. Neither the second nor the third phase can be reached without the completion and understanding of the preceding stage. All stages must be completed in progress.
Comte believed that the appreciation of the past and the ability to build on it towards the future was key in transitioning from the theological and metaphysical phases. The idea of progress was central to Comte's new science, sociology. Sociology would "lead to the historical consideration of every science" because "the history of one science, including pure political history, would make no sense unless it was attached to the study of the general progress of all of humanity". As Comte would say: "from science comes prediction; from prediction comes action." It is a philosophy of human intellectual development that culminated in science. The irony of this series of phases is that though Comte attempted to prove that human development has to go through these three stages, it seems that the positivist stage is far from becoming a realization. This is due to two truths: The positivist phase requires having a complete understanding of the universe and world around us and requires that society should never know if it is in this positivist phase. Anthony Giddens argues that since humanity constantly uses science to discover and research new things, humanity never progresses beyond the second metaphysical phase.
Comte's fame today owes in part to Emile Littré, who founded "The Positivist Review" in 1867. As an approach to the philosophy of history, positivism was appropriated by historians such as Hippolyte Taine. Many of Comte's writings were translated into English by the Whig writer, Harriet Martineau, regarded by some as the first female sociologist. Debates continue to rage as to how much Comte appropriated from the work of his mentor, Saint-Simon. He was nevertheless influential: Brazilian thinkers turned to Comte's ideas about training a scientific elite in order to flourish in the industrialization process. Brazil's national motto, "Ordem e Progresso" ("Order and Progress") was taken from the positivism motto, "Love as principle, order as the basis, progress as the goal", which was also influential in Poland.
In later life, Comte developed a 'religion of humanity' for positivist societies in order to fulfil the cohesive function once held by traditional worship. In 1849, he proposed a calendar reform called the 'positivist calendar'. For close associate John Stuart Mill, it was possible to distinguish between a "good Comte" (the author of the "Course in Positive Philosophy") and a "bad Comte" (the author of the secular-religious "system"). The "system" was unsuccessful but met with the publication of Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" to influence the proliferation of various Secular Humanist organizations in the 19th century, especially through the work of secularists such as George Holyoake and Richard Congreve. Although Comte's English followers, including George Eliot and Harriet Martineau, for the most part rejected the full gloomy panoply of his system, they liked the idea of a religion of humanity and his injunction to "vivre pour autrui" ("live for others", from which comes the word "altruism").
The early sociology of Herbert Spencer came about broadly as a reaction to Comte; writing after various developments in evolutionary biology, Spencer attempted (in vain) to reformulate the discipline in what we might now describe as socially Darwinistic terms.
Durkheim's positivism.
The modern academic discipline of sociology began with the work of Émile Durkheim (1858–1917). While Durkheim rejected much of the details of Comte's philosophy, he retained and refined its method, maintaining that the social sciences are a logical continuation of the natural ones into the realm of human activity, and insisting that they may retain the same objectivity, rationalism, and approach to causality. Durkheim set up the first European department of sociology at the University of Bordeaux in 1895, publishing his "Rules of the Sociological Method" (1895). In this text he argued: "ur main goal is to extend scientific rationalism to human conduct... What has been called our positivism is but a consequence of this rationalism." 
Durkheim's seminal monograph, "Suicide" (1897), a case study of suicide rates amongst Catholic and Protestant populations, distinguished sociological analysis from psychology or philosophy. By carefully examining suicide statistics in different police districts, he attempted to demonstrate that Catholic communities have a lower suicide rate than Protestants, something he attributed to social (as opposed to individual or psychological) causes. He developed the notion of objective "sui generis" "social facts" to delineate a unique empirical object for the science of sociology to study. Through such studies, he posited, sociology would be able to determine whether a given society is 'healthy' or 'pathological', and seek social reform to negate organic breakdown or "social anomie". Durkheim described sociology as the "science of institutions, their genesis and their functioning".
Accounts of Durkheim's positivism are vulnerable to exaggeration and oversimplification: Comte was the only major sociological thinker to postulate that the social realm may be subject to scientific analysis in exactly the same way as natural science, whereas Durkheim saw a far greater need for a distinctly sociological scientific methodology. His lifework was fundamental in the establishment of practical social research as we know it today - techniques which continue beyond sociology and form the methodological basis of other social sciences, such as political science, as well of market research and other fields.
Antipositivism and critical theory.
At the turn of the 20th century, the first wave of German sociologists formally introduced methodological antipositivism, proposing that research should concentrate on human cultural norms, values, symbols, and social processes viewed from a subjective perspective. Max Weber argued that sociology may be loosely described as a 'science' as it is able to identify causal relationships—especially among ideal types, or hypothetical simplifications of complex social phenomena. As a nonpositivist, however, one seeks relationships that are not as "ahistorical, invariant, or generalizable" as those pursued by natural scientists. Weber regarded sociology as the study of social action, using critical analysis and verstehen techniques. The sociologists Georg Simmel, Ferdinand Tönnies, George Herbert Mead, and Charles Cooley were also influential in the development of sociological antipositivism, whilst neo-Kantian philosophy, hermeneutics and phenomenology facilitated the movement in general.
Karl Marx's theory of historical materialism and critical analysis drew upon positivism, a tradition which would continue in the development of critical theory. However, following in the tradition of both Weber and Marx, the critical theorist Jürgen Habermas has critiqued pure instrumental rationality (in its relation to the cultural "rationalisation" of the modern West) as meaning that scientific thinking becomes something akin to ideology itself. Positivism may be espoused by 'technocrats' who believe in the inevitability of social progress through science and technology. New movements, such as critical realism, have emerged in order to reconcile postpositivist aims with various so-called 'postmodern' perspectives on the social acquisition of knowledge.
Contemporary positivism.
In the original Comtean usage, the term "positivism" roughly meant the use of scientific methods to uncover the laws according to which both physical and human events occur, while "sociology" was the overarching science that would synthesize all such knowledge for the betterment of society. "Positivism is a way of understanding based on science"; people don't rely on the faith of god but instead of the science behind humanity. "Antipositivism" formally dates back to the start of the twentieth century, and is based on the belief that natural and human sciences are ontologically and epistemologically distinct. Neither of these terms is used any longer in this sense. There are no fewer than twelve distinct epistemologies that are referred to as positivism. Many of these approaches do not self-identify as "positivist", some because they themselves arose in opposition to older forms of positivism, and some because the label has over time become a term of abuse by being mistakenly linked with a theoretical empiricism. The extent of antipositivist criticism has also become broad, with many philosophies broadly rejecting the scientifically based social epistemology and other ones only seeking to amend it to reflect 20th century developments in the philosophy of science. However, positivism (understood as the use of scientific methods for studying society) remains the dominant approach to both the research and the theory construction in contemporary sociology, especially in the United States.
The majority of articles published in leading American sociology and political science journals today are positivist (at least to the extent of being quantitative rather than qualitative). This popularity may be because research utilizing positivist quantitative methodologies holds a greater prestige in the social sciences than qualitative work. Such research is generally perceived as being more scientific and more trustworthy, and thus has a greater impact on policy and public opinion (though such judgments are frequently contested by scholars doing non-positivist work).
Logical positivism.
Logical positivism (later and more accurately called logical empiricism) is a school of philosophy that combines empiricism, the idea that observational evidence is indispensable for knowledge of the world, with a version of rationalism, the idea that our knowledge includes a component that is not derived from observation.
Logical positivism grew from the discussions of a group called the "First Vienna Circle" which gathered at the Café Central before World War I. After the war Hans Hahn, a member of that early group, helped bring Moritz Schlick to Vienna. Schlick's Vienna Circle, along with Hans Reichenbach's Berlin Circle, propagated the new doctrines more widely in the 1920s and early 1930s. It was Otto Neurath's advocacy that made the movement self-conscious and more widely known. A 1929 pamphlet written by Neurath, Hahn, and Rudolf Carnap summarized the doctrines of the Vienna Circle at that time. These included: the opposition to all metaphysics, especially ontology and synthetic a priori propositions; the rejection of metaphysics not as wrong but as meaningless (i.e. not empirically verifiable); a criterion of meaning based on Ludwig Wittgenstein's early work (which he later refuted); the idea that all knowledge should be codifiable in a single standard language of science; and above all the project of "rational reconstruction," in which ordinary-language concepts were gradually to be replaced by more precise equivalents in that standard language. However, the project is widely considered to have failed: 
In the early 1930s, the Vienna Circle dispersed, mainly because of fascist persecution and the untimely deaths of Hahn and Schlick. The most prominent proponents of logical positivism emigrated to the United Kingdom and to the United States, where they considerably influenced American philosophy. Until the 1950s, logical positivism was the leading school in the philosophy of science. After moving to the United States, Carnap proposed a replacement for the earlier doctrines in his "Logical Syntax of Language". This change of direction, and the somewhat differing beliefs of Reichenbach and others, led to a consensus that the English name for the shared doctrinal platform, in its American exile from the late 1930s, should be "logical empiricism."
Most philosophers consider logical positivism to be, as John Passmore expressed it, "dead, or as dead as a philosophical movement ever becomes". By the late 1970s, its ideas were so generally recognized to be seriously defective that one of its own main proponents, A. J. Ayer, could say in an interview: "I suppose the most important ...was that nearly all of it was false."
Further thinkers.
Within years of the publication of Comte's book "A General View of Positivism" (1848), other scientific and philosophical thinkers began creating their own definitions for positivism. They included Émile Zola, Emile Hennequin, Wilhelm Scherer, and Dimitri Pisarev. Émile Zola was an influential French novelist, the most important example of the literary school of naturalism, and a major figure in the political liberalization of France.
Emile Hennequin was a Parisian publisher and writer who wrote theoretical and critical pieces. He "exemplified the tension between the positivist drive to systematize literary criticism and the unfettered imagination inherent in literature." He was one of the few thinkers who disagreed with the notion that subjectivity invalidates observation, judgment and prediction. Unlike many positivist thinkers before him, he believed that subjectivity does play a role in science and society. His contribution to positivism pertains not to science and its objectivity, but rather to the subjectivity of art and the way artists, their work, and audiences interrelate. Hennequin tried to analyze positivism strictly on the predictions, and the mechanical processes, but was perplexed due to the contradictions of the reactions of patrons to artwork that showed no scientific inclinations.
Wilhelm Scherer was a German philologist, a university professor, and a popular literary historian. He was known as a positivist because he based much of his work on "hypotheses on detailed historical research, and rooted every literary phenomenon in 'objective' historical or philological facts". His positivism is different due to his involvement with his nationalist goals. His major contribution to the movement was his speculation that culture cycled in a six-hundred-year period.
Dimitri Pisarev was a Russian critic who showed the greatest contradictions with his belief in positivism. His ideas focused around an imagination and style though he did not believe in romantic ideas because they reminded him of the oppressive tsarist government under which he lived. His basic beliefs were "an extreme anti-aesthetic scientistic position." He focused his efforts on defining the relation between literature and the environment.
Stephen Hawking is a recent high profile advocate of positivism, at least in the physical sciences. In "The Universe in a Nutshell" (p. 31) he writes:
Any sound scientific theory, whether of time or of any other concept, should in my opinion be based on the most workable philosophy of science: the positivist approach put forward by Karl Popper and others. According to this way of thinking, a scientific theory is a mathematical model that describes and codifies the observations we make. A good theory will describe a large range of phenomena on the basis of a few simple postulates and will make definite predictions that can be tested… If one takes the positivist position, as I do, one cannot say what time actually is. All one can do is describe what has been found to be a very good mathematical model for time and say what predictions it makes.
However, the claim that Popper was a positivist is a common misunderstanding that Popper himself termed the "Popper legend." In fact, he developed his beliefs in stark opposition to and as a criticism of positivism and held that scientific theories talk about how the world really is, not, as positivists claim, about phenomena or observations experienced by scientists. In the same vein, continental philosophers like Theodore Adorno and Jürgen Habermas regarded Popper as a positivist because of his alleged devotion to a unified science. However, this was also part of the "Popper legend"; Popper had in fact been the foremost critic of this doctrine of the Vienna Circle, critiquing it, for instance, in his "Conjectures and Refutations".
In science today.
The key features of positivism as of the 1950s, as defined in the "received view", are:
Positivism is elsewhere defined as the belief that all true knowledge is scientific, and that all things are ultimately measurable. Positivism is closely related to reductionism, in that both involve the belief that "entities of one kind... are reducible to entities of another," such as societies to configurations of individuals, or mental events to neural phenomena. It also involves the contention that "processes are reducible to physiological, physical or chemical events," and even that "social processes are reducible to relationships between and actions of individuals," or that "biological organisms are reducible to physical systems."
While most social scientists today are not explicit about their epistemological commitments, articles in top American sociology and political science journals generally follow a positivist logic of argument. It can be thus argued that "natural science and social science articles can therefore be regarded with a good deal of confidence as members of the same genre".
Criticisms.
Historically, positivism has been criticized for its reductionism, i.e. for contending that all "processes are reducible to physiological, physical or chemical events," "social processes are reducible to relationships between and actions of individuals," and that "biological organisms are reducible to physical systems."
Max Horkheimer criticized the classic formulation of positivism on two grounds. First, he claimed that it falsely represented human social action. The first criticism argued that positivism systematically failed to appreciate the extent to which the so-called social facts it yielded did not exist 'out there', in the objective world, but were themselves a product of socially and historically mediated human consciousness. Positivism ignored the role of the 'observer' in the constitution of social reality and thereby failed to consider the historical and social conditions affecting the representation of social ideas. Positivism falsely represented the object of study by reifying social reality as existing objectively and independently and labor actually produced those conditions. Secondly, he argued, representation of social reality produced by positivism was inherently and artificially conservative, helping to support the status quo, rather than challenging it. This character may also explain the popularity of positivism in certain political circles. Horkheimer argued, in contrast, that critical theory possessed a reflexive element lacking in the positivistic traditional theory.
Some scholars today hold the beliefs critiqued in Horkheimer's work, but since the time of his writing critiques of positivism, especially from philosophy of science, have led to the development of postpositivism. This philosophy greatly relaxes the epistemological commitments of logical positivism and no longer claims a separation between the knower and the known. Rather than dismissing the scientific project outright, postpositivists seek to transform and amend it, though the exact extent of their affinity for science varies vastly. For example, some postpositivists accept the critique that observation is always value-laden, but argue that the best values to adopt for sociological observation are those of science: skepticism, rigor, and modesty. Just as some critical theorists see their position as a moral commitment to egalitarian values, these postpositivists see their methods as driven by a moral commitment to these scientific values. Such scholars may see themselves as either positivists or antipositivists.
Positivism has also come under fire on religious and philosophical grounds, whose proponents state that truth begins in sense experience, but does not end there. Positivism fails to prove that there are not abstract ideas, laws, and principles, beyond particular observable facts and relationships and necessary principles, or that we cannot know them. Nor does it prove that material and corporeal things constitute the whole order of existing beings, and that our knowledge is limited to them. According to positivism, our abstract concepts or general ideas are mere collective representations of the experimental order — for example; the idea of "man" is a kind of blended image of all the men observed in our experience. This runs contrary to a Platonic or Christian ideal, where an idea can be abstracted from any concrete determination, and may be applied identically to an indefinite number of objects of the same class. From the idea's perspective, Platonism is more precise. Defining an idea as a sum of collective images is imprecise and more or less confused, and becomes more so as the collection represented increases. An idea defined explicitly always remains clear.
Experientialism, which arose with second generation cognitive science, asserts that knowledge begins and ends with experience itself.
Echoes of the "positivist" and "antipositivist" debate persist today, though this conflict is hard to define. Authors writing in different epistemological perspectives do not phrase their disagreements in the same terms and rarely actually speak directly to each other. To complicate the issues further, few practicing scholars explicitly state their epistemological commitments, and their epistemological position thus has to be guessed from other sources such as choice of methodology or theory. However, no perfect correspondence between these categories exists, and many scholars critiqued as "positivists" are actually postpositivists. One scholar has described this debate in terms of the social construction of the "other", with each side defining the other by what it is "not" rather than what it "is", and then proceeding to attribute far greater homogeneity to their opponents than actually exists. Thus, it is better to understand this not as a debate but as two different arguments: the "antipositivist" articulation of a social meta-theory which includes a philosophical critique of scientism, and "positivist" development of a scientific research methodology for sociology with accompanying critiques of the reliability and validity of work that they see as violating such standards.

</doc>
<doc id="2871412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871412" title="Erika Michelle Barré">
Erika Michelle Barré

Erika Michelle Barré ( in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian model. She was Playboy's Cyber Girl of the Week for the third week of June 2001, Cyber Girl of the Month for October 2001, and Cyber Girl of the Year for 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2871413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871413" title="Seán Garland">
Seán Garland

Seán Garland (born 7 March 1934) is a former President of the Workers' Party in Ireland.
Early life.
Born at Belvedere Place, off Mountjoy Square in Dublin, Garland joined the Irish Republican Army in 1953. In 1954, he briefly joined the British Army as an IRA agent and collected intelligence on Gough Barracks in Armagh and supplied it to the IRA in Dublin. This enabled the IRA to carry out a successful arms raid on 12 June 1954, with Garland's active involvement on the base. Garland deserted from the British army in October of the same year, before his regiment was due to depart for Kenya. He became a full-time IRA training officer.
On 1 January 1957 at the beginning of the IRA Border Campaign, he led the unsuccessful attack on Brookeborough Royal Ulster Constabulary barracks in which his associates Seán South and Fergal O'Hanlon, both the subjects of well-known republican ballads, were shot and fatally wounded. Under fire, Garland carried South on his shoulders in an unsuccessful attempt to save his friend's life. Seriously wounded, he was subsequently hospitalised for a number of weeks and was then jailed in Mountjoy Prison. In November 1957, while in Mountjoy, Garland was an unsuccessful candidate in the Dublin North–Central by-election. Upon his release, he was interned in the Curragh, but was released in 1959.
Garland returned to IRA service on his release and was sent to Belfast to liaise with the then largely inactive units in the city. He was arrested while trying to return to Dublin and sentenced in November 1959 to four years in Crumlin Road jail where he subsequently became officer commanding (O.C.) of the IRA prisoners.
From Sinn Féin to the Workers' Party of Ireland.
In the 1960s, Garland became a Marxist and was one of a generation of IRA leaders who attempted to lead the organisation away from violence and into left-wing political agitation. He worked closely in this with figures like Cathal Goulding and Tomás MacGiolla. During the 1969/70 IRA split, Garland supported the moves to abandon abstentionism and was a key figure in Official Sinn Féin (as national organiser) and Official Irish Republican Army (as Adjutant-General). The Official IRA was openly involved in shootings and bombings of military and civilian targets but declared a ceasefire in May 1972. Despite this, the Official IRA continued to carry out shootings and robberies during the 1970s and was engaged in a number of feuds with the Provisional IRA and the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA).
On 1 March 1975 in Ballymun, Dublin, Garland survived an INLA assassination attempt while returning home with his wife Mary to his Ballymun home. He was badly wounded in the attack. In 1977, Garland was elected general secretary of Official Sinn Féin. In the same year, he successfully proposed that the party be renamed Sinn Féin the Workers Party. In 1982, he proposed that the prefix Sinn Féin be dropped from the party name to become simply The Workers' Party. 
In 1999 Garland was allegedly observed visiting the North Korean embassy in Moscow. It was subsequently alleged that he visited to collect forged US dollars which, with the help of associates, would be transported to Dublin and Birmingham where the notes would be exchanged for pounds or authentic dollars. The US authorities announced that this scheme, which they said involved several international crime syndicates and transactions worth millions of dollars, had been uncovered in "Operation Mali". 
Seán Garland was the Workers' Party representative at the National Forum on Europe. In 2000, he was elected president of the Workers' Party.
Extradition fight.
On 7 October 2005, Garland was arrested in Belfast on foot of an extradition application issued by the US authorities. He had been attending the Workers' Party Ardfheis/Annual Conference at the time. The United States authorities alleged that Garland had been involved in the distribution and resale of counterfeited US dollars - so-called "superdollars" or "supernotes" - in 1998. They also alleged that the source of the banknotes was the government of North Korea. Garland was released on bail. 
A campaign was then launched against the US extradition attempt. His supporters claimed the U.S. waited for Garland to travel north of the Irish border before seeking his extradition, believing the United Kingdom authorities would be more willing to acquiesce than those in the Republic of Ireland. In June 2007 the Irish edition of the Mail on Sunday speculated that there was evidence that the affair was a US plot to provide a pretext for a military attack on North Korea 
On 9 October 2005, a "Sunday Times" article alleged that Garland became chief of staff of the largely inactive Official IRA in 1998.
On 1 December, the High Court in Belfast issued a warrant for Garland's arrest after he failed to appear for an extradition hearing. On 1 April 2006, Garland was unanimously re-elected as President of The Workers' Party and in a keynote address to the party membership gathered in Dublin he vowed to fight any attempt to extradite him to the United States. In 2008 he announced his intention to retire from the presidency and was replaced in the position on 17 May 2008 by Mick Finnegan. Garland remained a member of the party's Central Executive Committee and was its National Treasurer.
Garland was subsequently arrested in Dublin in 2009 and the application by the U.S. to extradite him was heard in 2011. 
The campaign against his extradition continued, bringing in a number of prominent individuals from outside the Workers' Party including its Honorary Chairman the Rev. Chris Hudson. It sought and received support from numerous political figures from across the spectrum in Ireland, the United Kingdom and further afield. Among these were dozens of members of the Oireachtas (Irish Parliament), MEPs and local politicians. Garland also received support from the entertainment industry including musicians Pete Seeger, Christy Moore, Alabama 3 and John Spillane. Garland's supporters pointed out that the 77-year-old had been diagnosed from a number of serious medical conditions including diabetes and bowel cancer.
On 21 December 2011, Justice John Edwards in the High Court dismissed the US application for Garland's extradition. Justice Edwards told the court he was not disposed to grant the application and would furnish his reasons for doing so later. 
On 27 January 2012, Justice Edwards stated that since the offence for which the US wanted to extradite was regarded as having been committed in Ireland the Court was prohibited from extraditing Garland. He was therefore obliged to refer the case to the Director of Public Prosecutions who would consider whether there was a case for prosecuting Garland in Ireland.
On 29 May 2012, Garland spoke at the funeral of his comrade Noel Cullen, alongside Cullens son Jake. Noel Cullen was a key figure in The Workers Party who died of cancer at the age of 52. Garland spoke on his friends passion, humanity, and quest for knowledge before handing Jake a starry plough, and an Irish flag.

</doc>
<doc id="2871414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871414" title="Adam Horowitz">
Adam Horowitz

Adam Horowitz (born December 4, 1971) is an American screenwriter and producer.
He is known for his work on "Felicity", "Black Sash", "One Tree Hill", "Popular", "Fantasy Island", "Birds of Prey", "Life As We Know It", and "Lost".
He currently works on the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time", which he, and collaborator Edward Kitsis, co-created.
Early life.
Horowitz graduated from Hunter College High School in 1990. He attended University of Wisconsin–Madison and graduated with a BA in 1994, majoring in communication arts and political science. There he met his future collaborator, Edward Kitsis. Horowitz was writer and reporter for the "Daily Cardinal" student newspaper, writing as many as five articles in the same issue. He often caught editors off-guard with humorous leads or picking odd quotes. He worked on articles about spearfishing and the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Career.
Television.
After graduating, Kitsis and Horowitz traveled together to Los Angeles, and worked together on "Fantasy Island", "Felicity", and "Popular", before joining the "Lost" team halfway through the first season. He is married to Erin Barrett Horowitz.
Horowitz and the "Lost" writing staff won the Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2006 ceremony for their work on the first and second seasons. He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series again at the February 2007 ceremony for his work on the second and third seasons, at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the fourth season of "Lost" and at the February 2010 ceremony for the fifth season. He also wrote "Confessions of an American Bride", a made for television movie.
Horowitz and Kitsis created the ABC fantasy drama series "Once Upon a Time", which began airing on October 23, 2011. The show focuses on a town which is actually a parallel world populated by fairytale characters who are unaware of their true identity. The two came up with the concept seven years prior to joining the staff of "Lost", but wanted to wait until it ended before they focused on this project.
Horowitz has also worked on the first four episodes of . He explains that he has used this chance to explore the Tron universe, particularly the life of a program under CLU's regime.
Film.
Horowitz worked as a writer on the Universal project "Ouija Board" and co-wrote with Kitsis the film "" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2871420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871420" title="LSWR M7 class">
LSWR M7 class

The LSWR M7 class is a class of 0-4-4 passenger tank locomotive built between 1897 and 1911. The class was designed by Dugald Drummond for use on the intensive London network of the London and South Western Railway (LSWR), and performed well in such tasks. Because of their utility, 105 were built and the class went through several modifications over five production batches. For this reason there were detail variations such as frame length. Many of the class were fitted with push-pull operation gear that enabled efficient use on branch line duties without the need to change to the other end of its train at the end of a journey. 
Under LSWR and Southern Railway ownership they had been successful suburban passenger engines, although with the increased availability of newer, standard designs, many of the class were diagrammed to take on a new role as reliable branch line engines, especially in Southern England.
Members of the class lasted in service until 1964, and two examples have survived into preservation: number 245 in the National Railway Museum, and 53 (as BR 30053) on the Swanage Railway.
Background.
Drummond designed these locomotives to answer the need for a larger and more powerful version of William Adams' 0-4-4 T1 class of 1888. The Adams T1 design of 1888 with wheels had been developed to meet the LSWR's requirement for a compact and sure-footed suburban passenger locomotive to be utilised on the intensive commuter timetables around London. However, by the mid-1890s the suburban services around London were growing at a rate which began to preclude the use of these and other older classes of locomotive.
Construction history.
The M7 tank locomotive was the first design by Dugald Drummond upon replacing William Adams as Locomotive Superintendent of the LSWR in 1895. It was an enlargement of the T1 with a sloping grate of increased area giving greater power. Drummond drew upon his previous experience with the successful London Brighton and South Coast Railway D1 class, whilst he was works manager at Brighton in the early 1870s, and his own 157 class of 1877, on the North British Railway in Scotland. It was the heaviest 0-4-4 type ever to run in Britain.
The first 25 were constructed at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between March and November 1897. Thereafter the M7 class had a long production run with five major sets of design variants. Between 1897 and 1899 the locomotives were constructed with a short overhang at the front, and sandboxes combined with the front splashers. Injectors and a lever-type reverser were also added, and a conical, as opposed to flat, smokebox door was implemented on numbers 252–256. In 1900 the design was modified to incorporate the sandboxes inside the smokebox; these were later relocated below the running plate.
After 1903, a frame with a longer overhang at the front end was introduced and steam reversing gear fitted. Some sources record these locomotives as X14 class, and this designation was sometimes used to refer to the longer-framed versions, but for most purposes the two sub-classes were grouped together and known as M7. The 1904/05 construction batch moved the sandboxes back to the front splasher and new items were feed water heating, single ram pumps and balanced crank axles. For the remainder of construction from the outshopping of the 105th locomotive in 1911, duplex pumps were fitted. 
Several of the most successful features of the class were used by Drummond on his other designs. Thus the boiler, cylinders and motion were identical and interchangeable with those used on his 700 class 0-6-0 freight locomotives of 1897 and the same boiler was used on his C8 4-4-0 passenger class.
Boiler pressure.
According to Bradley (p. 108) the original working pressure was reduced to to reduce wear on the boilers in 1900 when it became clear that they were no longer to be used for sustained high speed running. However H. C. Casserley states that the pressure was increased from .
Push-pull equipment.
After 1912 thirty-one M7 locomotives were equipped with push-pull train capabilities with the provision of a primitive cable and pulley device. This was a modification that was designed to save time on country branch lines where the locomotive would usually have to run around its train in order to make a return journey. As a result it was possible for the driver to drive his train from a cab located at the front of a designated push-pull coach, leaving the fireman to tend the fire and operate the injectors on the locomotive footplate.
The pulley system was eventually deemed unsafe due to instances of sagging and delayed reaction. As a result it was replaced on 36 engines by a safer compressed air system between 1930 and 1937. This system had seen previous successful use on the LBSCR. Because the air compressor required extra space for installation, these conversions were confined to the long-framed members of the class.
A further four conversions to push-pull capability appeared between 1960–62. This was the result of short-framed M7s having long frames substituted during overhaul in order to create room for the air compressor.
Variants.
Following the successful use of superheating on other Drummond classes, Robert Urie experimentally fitted a superheated boiler to No.126 in December 1920, together with an extended smokebox and larger cylinders. The additional weight of the new boiler raised the centre of gravity of the locomotive, thereby adding to problems of instability on faster main line trains, whilst simultaneously preventing its use on many branch lines. As a result no further examples were fitted, and No.126 was eventually broken up for spare parts in 1937.
In 1931 No. 672 was experimentally fitted with the Strowger-Hudd Automatic Warning System, but the equipment was not adopted by the Southern Railway and the equipment later removed.
Operational details.
When first introduced to LSWR, several of the class were allocated to work semi-fast passenger services between London and Portsmouth, Exeter and Plymouth, and Bournemouth and Weymouth. However they were withdrawn from these duties after a high speed derailment near Tavistock in 1898, following criticism by the Board of Trade inspector about the use of front-coupled locomotives on fast services. As a result the class was to become synonymous with local main line and branch workings, as well as London suburban services. 
With the gradual growth of the electrification of the inner London suburban lines after 1915, the class tended to be used on stopping trains on the LSWR main line, and on services to Guildford and Reading. After the formation of the Southern Railway in 1923 the class gradually began to be used, further afield, notably in the west of England, but also on branch lines in Kent, and on the former South Eastern and Chatham Railway line between Redhill and Reading.
During the 1950s a substantial number of the "push-pull" fitted members of the class was transferred to the Central Section of the Southern Region, at Brighton and Horsham, replacing worn-out D3 locomotives on the branch lines of the former London Brighton and South Coast Railway in West Sussex. A further ten were transferred to Tunbridge Wells and Three Bridges in 1955 for use on East Sussex branches. These were less well accepted by the train crews, who preferred the less powerful SECR H class. Others remained in the London area on empty stock workings, notably between Clapham Junction and Waterloo Station.
The class was gradually replaced in the southeast England during the late 1950s and early 1960s due to the introduction of further electrification, new lightweight standard steam classes, diesel shunters, and diesel-electric multiple units. By the end of 1963 the majority that remained were based at Bournemouth to work the Swanage branch.
Withdrawal and preservation.
Apart from the experimentally boilered No. 126, all the M7s entered into British Railways service in 1948. In that year No. 672 fell down the lift shaft which provided rolling stock access to the Waterloo and City Line at Waterloo, and was cut up. The remainder survived until 1957, but over the next seven years the remainder of the class was withdrawn as part of the Modernisation Plan..
Two examples of this quintessential class of steam locomotive have survived into preservation. They are:
Livery and numbering.
LSWR and Southern Railway.
Under the LSWR the class saw various liveries over its pre-grouping career. Most associated with the class during this period was the LSWR passenger light sage green livery with purple-brown edging, creating panels of green. This was further lined in white and black with "LSWR" in gilt on the water tank sides, and the locomotive number on the coal bunker sides. The National Railway Museum has chosen a non-typical green for the livery on No 245.
When transferred to Southern Railway ownership after 1923 the locomotives were outshopped in Richard Maunsell's darker version of the LSWR livery, with numbering having an 'E' prefix to denote Eastleigh. This was to prevent confusion with other locomotives of the same number inherited by the Southern from its constituent railways. "A" (denoting Ashford) was used for former South Eastern and Chatham Railway locomotives and "B" (Brighton for those from the London Brighton and South Coast Railway. After 1931 the prefixes were dropped from former LSWR locomotives and the remainder were renumbered.
The gilt lettering was changed to yellow with "Southern" on the water tank sides with black and white lining. 
With the appointment of Oliver Bulleid as Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Southern, livery policy was changed once again to malachite green for passenger locomotives, with Sunshine Yellow lettering on the tank sides. This was lined with yellow and black with solid black edging. The numbers also lost their "E" prefix. During the war years the locomotives were outshopped in wartime black after overhaul, and some of the class retained this livery to nationalisation. Numbering depended on which batch the locomotive belonged to, and therefore each batch was allocated a series.
Post-1948 (nationalisation).
The M7 Class was given the BR Power Classification of 2P upon Nationalisation. Livery remained Southern lined malachite, though two which were painted soon after (numbers 30038/30244) were lettered for British Railways in Sunshine yellow Gill Sans style along the sides of their tanks. This was eventually replaced with BR lined mixed traffic black livery. Numbering was initially that of the Southern, though for a period an "S" prefix was added to the number. This was replaced with the BR standard numbering system, with all locomotives being allocated, by batch, numbers within the 30xxx series.
Models.
Hornby Railways manufacture a model of the M7 in OO gauge. Dapol manufactured a model of the M7 for British N gauge in 2006 but has since ended production of this model.

</doc>
<doc id="2871421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871421" title="ALCO RSD-4">
ALCO RSD-4

The ALCO RSD-4 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at , that rode on three-axle trucks, having an C-C wheel arrangement.
Used in much the same manner as its four-axle counterpart, the ALCO RS-3, though the six-motor design allowed better tractive effort at lower speeds. Due to the inadequate capacity of the main generator, this model was later superseded in production by the ALCO RSD-5
Preserved units.
The only ALCO RSD-4 that has survived is Kennecott Copper Corporation #201. As of 2007, it resides in fully restored condition at the Northwest Railway Museum (formerly known as the Puget Sound & Snoqualmie Valley Railway) in Snoqualmie, Washington, wearing a coat of bright orange paint.

</doc>
<doc id="2871422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871422" title="Muslim conquests on the Indian subcontinent">
Muslim conquests on the Indian subcontinent

Muslim conquests on the Indian subcontinent mainly took place from the 12th to the 16th centuries, though earlier Muslim conquests made limited inroads into modern Afghanistan and Pakistan as early as the time of the Rajput kingdoms in the 8th century. With the establishment of the Delhi Sultanate, Islam spread across large parts of the subcontinent. In 1204, Bakhtiar Khilji led the Muslim conquest of Bengal, marking the eastern-most expansion of Islam at the time.
Prior to the rise of the Maratha Empire which was followed by the conquest of India by the British East India Company, the Muslim Moghul Empire was able to annex or subjugate most of India's Hindu kings. However, it was never able to conquer the Hindu kingdoms in upper reaches of the Himalayas such as the regions of today's Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Sikkim, Nepal and Bhutan and the extreme south of India such as Travancore.
Background.
Like other societies in history, South Asia has been attacked by nomadic tribes throughout its long history. In evaluating the impact of Islam on the sub-continent, one must also note that the sub-continent was a frequent target of tribes from Central Asia who arrived from the North West. With the fall of the Sassanids and the arrival of the Caliphate's domination of the region these tribes began to contest with the new power and were subsequently integrated into it giving rise to Muslim dynasties of Central Asian heritage, generally Turkic - Persians. In that sense, the Muslim invasions of the 10th century onwards were not dissimilar to those of the earlier invasions in the History of Central Asia during the 1st through to the 6th century.
What does however, make the Muslim invasions different is that unlike the preceding invaders who assimilated into the prevalent social system, the Muslim conquerors retained their Islamic identity and created new legal and administrative systems that challenged and usually superseded the existing systems of social conduct and ethics. They also introduced new cultural mores that in some ways were very different from the existing cultural codes. While this was often a source of friction and conflict, it should also be noted that there were also Muslim rulers, notably Akbar, who in much of their secular practice absorbed or accommodated local traditions.
The first incursion by the new Muslim successor states of the Arab World occurred around 664 CE during the Umayyad Caliphate, led by Al Muhallab ibn Abi Suffrah towards Multan in Southern Punjab, in modern day Pakistan. Muhallab's expeditions were not aimed at conquest, though they penetrated only as far as the capital of the Maili, he returned with wealth and prisoners of war. This was an Arab incursion and part of the early Umayyad push onwards from the Islamic conquest of Persia into Central Asia, and within the limits of the eastern borders of previous Persian empires. The last Arab push in the region would be towards the end of Umayyad reign under Muhammad bin Qasim, after whom the Arabs would be defeated by the south Indian Emperor Vikramaditya II of the Chalukya dynasty and the Rajputs like Nagabhata of the Pratihara Dynasty at the Battle of Rajasthan in 738, and Muslim incursions would only be resumed under later Turkic and Central Asian mongol dynasties with more local capitals, who supplanted the Caliphate and expanded their domains both northwards and eastwards.
It took several centuries for Islam to spread across India and how it did so is a topic of intense debate.
Conversion theories.
Considerable controversy exists both in scholarly and public opinion as to how conversion to Islam came about in Indian subcontinent, typically represented by the following schools of thought:
An estimate of the number of people killed remains unknown. Based on the Muslim chronicles and demographic calculations, an estimate was done by K.S. Lal in his book "Growth of Muslim Population in Medieval India", who claimed that between 1000 CE and 1500 CE, the population of Hindus decreased by 80 million. Although this estimate was disputed by Simon Digby in (School of Oriental and African Studies), Digby suggested that estimate lacks accurate data in pre-census times. In particular the records kept by al-Utbi, Mahmud al-Ghazni's secretary, in the Tarikh-i-Yamini document several episodes of bloody military campaigns. Hindus who converted to Islam however were not completely immune to persecution due to the caste system among Muslims in India established by Ziauddin al-Barani in the "Fatawa-i Jahandari", where they were regarded as an "Ajlaf" caste and subjected to discrimination by the "Ashraf" castes.
Critics of the "religion of the sword theory" point to the presence of the strong Muslim communities found in Southern India, modern day Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, western Burma, Indonesia and the Philippines coupled with the distinctive lack of equivalent Muslim communities around the heartland of historical Muslim empires in South Asia as refutation to the "conversion by the sword theory". The legacy of Muslim conquest of South Asia is a hotly debated issue even today.
Not all Muslim invaders were simply raiders. Later rulers fought on to win kingdoms and stayed to create new ruling dynasties. The practices of these new rulers and their subsequent heirs (some of whom were borne of Hindu wives of Muslim rulers) varied considerably. While some were uniformly hated, others developed a popular following. According to the memoirs of Ibn Battuta who traveled through Delhi in the 14th century, one of the previous sultans had been especially brutal and was deeply hated by Delhi's population. His memoirs also indicate that Muslims from the Arab world, Persia and Turkey were often favored with important posts at the royal courts suggesting that locals may have played a somewhat subordinate role in the Delhi administration. The term "Turk" was commonly used to refer to their higher social status. However S.A.A. Rizvi points to Muhammad bin Tughlaq as not only encouraging locals but promoting artisan groups such as cooks, barbers and gardeners to high administrative posts. In his reign, it is likely that conversions to Islam took place as a means of seeking greater social mobility and improved social standing.
Impact of Islam and Muslims in India.
Expansion of trade.
Islam's impact was the most notable in the expansion of trade. The first contact of Muslims with India was the Arab attack on a nest of pirates near modern-day Mumbai to safeguard their trade in the Arabian Sea. Around the same time many Arabs settled at Indian ports, giving rise to small Muslm communities. The growth of these communities was not only due to conversion but also the fact that many Hindu kings of south India (such as those from Cholas) hired Muslims as mercenaries.
A significant aspect of the Muslim period in world history was the emergence of Islamic Sharia courts capable of imposing a common commercial and legal system that extended from Morocco in the West to Mongolia in the North East and Indonesia in the South East. While southern India was already in trade with Arabs/Muslims, northern India found new opportunities. As the Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms of Asia were subjugated by Islam, and as Islam spread through Africa – it became a highly centralising force that facilitated in the creation of a common legal system that allowed letters of credit issued in say Egypt or Tunisia to be honoured in India or Indonesia (The Sharia has laws on the transaction of business with both Muslims and non-Muslims). In order to cement their rule, Muslim rulers initially promoted a system in which there was a revolving door between the clergy, the administrative nobility and the mercantile classes. The travels of explorer Muhammad Ibn-Abdullah Ibn-Batuta were eased because of this system. He served as an Imam in Delhi, as a judicial official in the Maldives, and as an envoy and trader in the Malabar. There was never a contradiction in any of his positions because each of these roles complemented the other. Islam created a compact under which political power, law and religion became fused in a manner so as to safeguard the interests of the mercantile class. This led world trade to expand to the maximum extent possible in the medieval world. Sher Shah Suri took initiatives in improvement of trade by abolishing all taxes which hindered progress of free trade. He built large networks of roads and constructed Grand Trunk Road (1540–1544), which connects Chittagong to Kabul. Parts of it are still in use today. The geographic regions add to the diversity of languages and politics.
Cultural influence.
The divide and rule policies, two-nation theory, and subsequent partition of India in the wake of Independence from the British Empire has polarised the sub-continental psyche, making objective assessment hard in comparison to the other settled agricultural societies of India from the North West. Muslim rule differed from these others in the level of assimilation and syncretism that occurred. They retained their identity and introduced legal and administrative systems that superseded existing systems of social conduct and ethics. While this was a source of friction it resulted in a unique experience the legacy of which is a Muslim community strongly Islamic in character while at the same time distinctive and unique among its peers.
The impact of Islam on Indian culture has been inestimable. It permanently influenced the development of all areas of human endeavour – language, dress, cuisine, all the art forms, architecture and urban design, and social customs and values. Conversely, the languages of the Muslim invaders were modified by contact with local languages, to Urdu, which uses the Arabic script. This language was also known as Hindustani, an umbrella term used for the vernacular terminology of Hindi as well as Urdu, both major languages in South Asia today derived primarily from Sanskrit grammatical structures and vocabulary.
Muslim rule saw a greater urbanisation of India and the rise of many cities and their urban cultures. The biggest impact was upon trade resulting from a common commercial and legal system extending from Morocco to Indonesia. This change of emphasis on mercantilism and trade from the more strongly centralised governance systems further clashed with the agricultural based traditional economy and also provided fuel for social and political tensions.
A related development to the shifting economic conditions was the establishment of Karkhanas, or small factories and the import and dissemination of technology through India and the rest of the world. The use of ceramic tiles was adopted from architectural traditions of Iraq, Iran, and Central Asia. Rajasthan's blue pottery was a local variation of imported Chinese pottery. There is also the example of Sultan Abidin (1420–70) sending Kashmiri artisans to Samarqand to learn book-binding and paper making. Khurja and Siwan became renowned for pottery, Moradabad for brass ware, Mirzapur for carpets, Firozabad for glass wares, Farrukhabad for printing, Sahranpur and Nagina for wood-carving, Bidar and Lucknow for bidriware, Srinagar for papier-mache, Benaras for jewellery and textiles, and so on. On the flip-side encouraging such growth also resulted in higher taxes on the peasantry.
Numerous Indian scientific and mathematical advances and the Hindu numerals were spread to the rest of the world and much of the scholarly work and advances in the sciences of the age under Muslim nations across the globe were imported by the liberal patronage of Arts and Sciences by the rulers. The languages brought by Islam were modified by contact with local languages leading to the creation of several new languages, such as Urdu, which uses the modified Arabic script, but with more Persian words. The influences of these languages exist in several dialects in India today.
Islamic and Mughal architecture and art is widely noticeable in India, examples being the Taj Mahal and Jama Masjid. At the same time, muslim rulers destroyed most of the ancient Indian architectural marvels and converted them into Islamic structures, most notably at Varanasi, Mathura, Ayodhya and the Kutub Complex in New Delhi.
Early Muslim communities.
Several reasons existed for the desire of the rising Islamic Empire to gain a foothold in Makran and Sindh; ranging from the participation of armies from Sindh fighting alongside the Persians in battles such as Nehawand, Salasal, Qadisia and Makran, pirate raids on Arab shipping to the granting of refuge to rebel chiefs.
The Punjab and Sindh region had also been historically under considerable flux as Central Asian Kingdoms, the Persian Empire, Buddhist Kingdoms and Rajput Kingdoms vied for control prior to the arrival of the Muslim influence.
Afghan warlord Mahmud Ghazni made numerous incursions into Gujarat in order to effectively loot and destroy the Somnath Temple, using the acquired wealth to fund his famous military campaigns in Northern India and Central Asia.
Islam in India existed in communities along the Arab coastal trade routes in Sindh, Bengal, Gujarat, Kerala, and Ceylon as soon as the religion originated and had early gained widespread acceptance in the Arabian Peninsula, being brought over by merchants, sufis and missionaries, who often times settled down and intermarried with the local women, adopting local customs.
Arab invasion of Sindh.
In 711, the Umayyad Caliph in Damascus sent two failed expeditions to Balochistan (an arid region on the Iranian Plateau in Southwest Asia, presently split between Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan) and Sindh.
According to Muslim historical accounts such as the Chach Nama, the nature of the expeditions was punitive, and in response to raids carried out by pirates on Arab shipping, operating around Debal. The allegation was made that the King of Sindh, Raja Dahir. The third expedition was led by a 20-year-old arabian chieftain named Muhammad bin Qasim. The expedition went as far North as Multan, then called the "City of Gold," that contained the extremely large Hindu temple of Sun god.
Bin Qasim invaded the sub-continent at the orders of Al-Hajjaj bin Yousef, the governor of Iraq. Qasim's armies defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh in 712. He then proceeded to subdue the lands from Karachi to Multan with an initial force of only six thousand arabian tribesmen; thereby establishing the dominion of the Umayyad Caliphate from Lisbon in Portugal to the Indus Valley. Qasim's stay was brief as he was soon recalled to Iraq, and the Caliphates rule in South Asia shrank to Sindh and Southern Punjab in the form of Arab states, the principal of whom were Al Mansura and Multan.
Battle of Rajasthan.
The Battle of Rajasthan is a battle (or series of battles) where the Hindu alliance of Vikramaditya II of the Chalukya dynasty, Gurjara-Pratiharas and Rajputs defeated the Arab invaders in 738 CE and removed the Arabs from the area east of the Indus River. The final battle took place somewhere on the borders of modern Sindh-Rajasthan. Following their defeat the remnants of the Arab army fled to the other bank of the River Indus. The Muslim conquest of Persia by Arab forces in a short space of time contrasts sharply to the defeat of the Arab armies by the Hindus.
Communities in the North-West.
Subsequent to Qasim's recall the Caliphates control in Sindh was extremely weak under governors who only nominally acknowledged Arab control and shared power with coexisting local Hindu, Jain and Buddhist rulers. Ismaili missionaries found a receptive audience among both the Sunni and non-Muslim populations here. In 985, a group around Multan declared themselves an independent Ismaili Fatimid State.
Coastal trade and the presence of a colony in Sindh permitted significant cultural exchange and the introduction of Muslim teachers into the subcontinent. Considerable conversions took place, especially amongst the Buddhist majority. Multan became a center of the Ismaili sect of Islam, which still has many adherents in Sindh today. This region under generous patronage of the arts provided a conduit for Arab scholars to absorb and expand on Indian sciences and pass them onwards to the West.
North of Multan, non-Muslim groups remained numerous. From this period, the conquered area was divided into two parts: the Northern region comprising the Punjab remained under the control of Hindu Rajas, while the Southern coastal areas comprising Balochistan, Sindh, and Multan came under Muslim control.
Later Muslim invasions.
Ghaznavid Period.
Under Sabuktigin, Ghazni found itself in conflict with the Shahi Raja Jayapala. When Sabuktigin died and his son Mahmud ascended the throne in 998, Ghazni was engaged in the North with the Qarakhanids when the Shahi Raja renewed hostilities.
In the early 11th century, Mahmud of Ghazni launched seventeen expeditions into South Asia. In 1001, Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni defeated Raja Jayapala of the Hindu Shahi Dynasty of Gandhara (in modern Afghanistan), the Battle of Peshawar and marched further into Peshawar (in modern Pakistan) and, in 1005, made it the center for his forces.
The Ghaznavid conquests were initially directed against the Ismaili Fatimids of Multan, who were engaged in an on-going struggle with the Abbasid Caliphate in conjunction with their compatriots of the Fatimid Caliphate in North Africa and the Middle East; Mahmud apparently hoped to curry the favor of the Abbasids in this fashion. However, once this aim was accomplished, he moved onto the richness of the loot of wealthy temples and monasteries. By 1027, Mahmud had captured parts of North India and obtained formal recognition of Ghazni's sovereignty from the Abbassid Caliph, al-Qadir Billah.
Ghaznavid rule in Northwestern India (modern Afghanistan and Pakistan) lasted over 175 years, from 1010 to 1187. It was during this period that Lahore assumed considerable importance apart from being the second capital, and later the only capital, of the Ghaznavid Empire.
At the end of his reign, Mahmud's empire extended from Kurdistan in the west to Samarkand in the Northeast, and from the Caspian Sea to the Punjab. Although his raids carried his forces across Northern and Western India, only Punjab came under his permanent rule; Kashmir, the Doab, Rajasthan, and Gujarat remained under the control of the local Indian dynasties.
In 1030, Mahmud fell gravely ill and died at age 59. He had been a gifted military commander.
As with the invaders of three centuries ago, Mahmud's armies looted temples in Varanasi, Mathura, Ujjain, Maheshwar, Jwalamukhi, Somnath and Dwarka.
Mu'izz al-Din.
Mu'izz al-Din better known as Shahāb-ud-Din Muhammad Ghori was a Afghan conqueror from the region of Ghor in Afghanistan. Before 1160, the Ghaznavid Empire covered an area running from central Afghanistan east to the Punjab, with capitals at Ghazni on the banks of Ghazni river in present-day Afghanistan, and at Lahore in present-day Pakistan. In 1160, the Ghorids conquered Ghazni from the Ghaznavids, and in 1173 Muhammad Bin Sām was made governor of Ghazni. He raided eastwards into the remaining Ghaznavid territory, and invaded Gujarat in the 1180s but was defeated by the Indian queen Naikidevi of Gujarat. In 1186 and 1187 he conquered Lahore in alliance with a local Hindu ruler, ending the Ghaznavid empire and bringing the last of Ghaznavid territory under his control, and seemed to be the first Muslim ruler seriously interested in expanding his domain in the sub-continent, and like his predecessor Mahmud initially started off against the Ismaili kingdom of Multan that had regained independence during the Nizari conflicts, and then onto booty and power.
In 1191, he invaded the territory of Prithviraj III of Ajmer, who ruled much of present-day Rajasthan and Punjab, but was defeated at Tarain by Govindraj of Delhi, Prithviraj's vassal. The following year, Mu'izz al-Din assembled 120,000 horsemen and once again invaded India. Mu'izz al-Din's army met Prithviraj's army again at Tarain, and this time Mu'izz al-Din won; Govindraj was slain, Prithviraj captured and Mu'izz al-Din advanced onto Delhi. Within a year, Mu'izz al-Din controlled Northern Rajasthan and Northern Ganges-Yamuna Doab. After these victories in India, and Mu'izz al-Din's establishment of a capital in Delhi, Multan was also incorporated into his empire. Mu'izz al-Din then returned east to Ghazni to deal with the threat on his eastern frontiers from the Turks and Mongols, whiles his armies continued to advance through Northern India, raiding as far east as Bengal.
Mu'izz al-Din returned to Lahore after 1200. In 1206, Mu'izz al-Din had to travel to Lahore to crush a revolt. On his way back to Ghazni, his caravan rested at Damik near Sohawa (which is near the city of Jhelum in the Punjab province of modern-day Pakistan). He was assassinated on 15 March 1206, while offering his evening prayers. The identity of Ghori's assassins is disputed, with some claiming that he was assassinated by local Hindu Gakhars and others claiming he was assassinated by Hindu Khokhars, both being different tribes.
Hasan Nizami and Ferishta record the killing of Mu'izz al-Din at the hands of the Gakhars. However, Ferishta may have confused the Ghakars with the Khokhars. Other historians have also blamed Shahabuddin Ghori's assassination "to a band of Hindu Khokhars".
Some also claim that Mu'izz al-Din was assassinated by the Hashshashin, a radical Ismaili Muslim sect.
According to his wishes, Mu'izz al-Din was buried where he fell, in Damik. Upon his death his most capable general, Qutb-ud-din Aybak, took control of Mu'izz al-Din's Indian conquests and declared himself the first Sultan of Delhi.
The Delhi Sultanate.
Muhammad's successors established the first dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate, while the Mamluk Dynasty in 1211 (however, the Delhi Sultanate is traditionally held to have been founded in 1206) seized the reins of the empire. "Mamluk" means "slave" and referred to the Turkic slave soldiers who became rulers. The territory under control of the Muslim rulers in Delhi expanded rapidly. By mid-century, Bengal and much of central India was under the Delhi Sultanate. Several Turko-Afghan dynasties ruled from Delhi: the Mamluk (1206–1290), the Khalji (1290–1320), the Tughlaq (1320–1414), the Sayyid (1414–51), and the Lodhi (1451–1526). Muslim Kings extended their domains into Southern India, Kingdom of Vijayanagar resisted until falling to the Deccan Sultanate in 1565. Certain kingdoms remained independent of Delhi such as the larger kingdoms of Punjab, Rajasthan, parts of the Deccan, Gujarat, Malwa (central India), and Bengal, nevertheless all of the area in present-day Pakistan came under the rule of Delhi.
The Sultans of Delhi enjoyed cordial, if superficial, relations with Muslim rulers in the Near East but owed them no allegiance. They based their laws on the "Quran" and the "sharia" and permitted non-Muslim subjects to practice their religion only if they paid the "jizya" (poll tax). They ruled from urban centres, while military camps and trading posts provided the nuclei for towns that sprang up in the countryside.
Perhaps the most significant contribution of the Sultanate was its temporary success in insulating the subcontinent from the potential devastation of the Mongol invasion from Central Asia in the 13th century, which nonetheless led to the capture of Afghanistan and western Pakistan by the Mongols (see the Ilkhanate Dynasty). The Sultanate ushered in a period of Indian cultural renaissance, The resulting "Indo-Muslim" fusion left lasting monuments in architecture, music, literature, and religion. In addition it is surmised that the language of Urdu (literally meaning "horde" or "camp" in various Turkic dialects) was born during the Delhi Sultanate period as a result of the mingling of Sanskritic Hindi and the Persian, Turkish, Arabic favoured by the Muslim invaders of India.
The Sultanate suffered significantly from the sacking of Delhi in 1398 by Timur, but revived briefly under the Lodi Dynasty, the final dynasty of the Sultanate before it was conquered by Zahiruddin Babur in 1526, who subsequently founded the Mughal Dynasty that ruled from the 16th to the 18th centuries.
Timur.
Tīmūr bin Taraghay Barlas, known in the West as Tamerlane or "Timur the lame", was a 14th-century warlord of Turco-Mongol descent, conqueror of much of western and central Asia, and founder of the Timurid Empire and Timurid dynasty (1370–1405) in Central Asia, which survived until 1857 as the Mughal dynasty of India.
Informed about civil war in South Asia, Timur began a trek starting in 1398 to invade the reigning Sultan Nasir-u Din Mehmud of the Tughlaq Dynasty in the north Indian city of Delhi. His campaign was politically pretexted that the Muslim Delhi Sultanate was too tolerant toward its Hindu subjects, but that could not mask the real reason being to amass the wealth of the Delhi Sultanate.
Timur crossed the Indus River at Attock (now Pakistan) on 24 September. The capture of towns and villages was often followed by the looting, massacre of their inhabitants and raping of their women, as well as pillaging to support his massive army. Timur wrote many times in his memoirs of his specific disdain for the 'idolatrous' Hindus
Timur's invasion did not go unopposed and he did meet some resistance during his march to Delhi, most notably with the Sarv Khap coalition in northern India, and the Governor of Meerut. Although impressed and momentarily stalled by the valour of Ilyaas Awan, Timur was able to continue his relentless approach to Delhi, arriving in 1398 to combat the armies of Sultan Mehmud, already weakened by an internal battle for ascension within the royal family.
The Sultan's army was easily defeated on 17 December 1398. Timur entered Delhi and the city was sacked, destroyed, and left in ruins. Before the battle for Delhi, Timur executed more than 100,000 Hindu captives.
Timur himself recorded the invasions in his memoirs, collectively known as "Tuzk-i-Timuri". Timur's purported autobiography, the "Tuzk-e-Taimuri" ("Memoirs of Temur") is a later fabrication, although most of the historical facts are accurate.
As per Malfuzat-i-Timuri, Timur targeted Hindus. In his own words, "Excepting the quarter of the saiyids, the 'ulama and the other Musalmans , the whole city was sacked". In his descriptions of the Loni massacre he wrote, "..Next day I gave orders that the Musalman prisoners should be separated and saved."
During the ransacking of Delhi, almost all inhabitants not killed were captured and enslaved.
Timur's memoirs on his invasion of India describe in detail the massacre of Hindus, looting plundering and raping of their women and children, their forced conversions to Islam and the plunder of the wealth of Hindustan (Greater India). It gives details of how villages, towns and entire cities were rid of their Hindu male population through systematic mass slaughters and genocide and their women and children forcefully converted en masse to Islam from Hinduism.
Timur left Delhi in approximately January 1399. In April he had returned to his own capital beyond the Oxus (Amu Darya). Immense quantities of spoils were taken from India. According to Ruy Gonzáles de Clavijo, 90 captured elephants were employed merely to carry precious stones looted from his conquest, so as to to erect a mosque at Samarkand — what historians today believe is the enormous Bibi-Khanym Mosque. Ironically, the mosque was constructed too quickly and suffered greatly from disrepair within a few decades of its construction.
The Mughal Empire.
India in the 16th century presented a fragmented picture of rulers, both Muslim and Hindu, who lacked concern for their subjects and failed to create a common body of laws or institutions.} Outside developments also played a role in shaping events. The circumnavigation of Africa by the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama in 1498 allowed Europeans to challenge Muslim control of the trading routes between Europe and Asia. In Central Asia and Afghanistan, shifts in power pushed Babur of Ferghana (in present-day Uzbekistan) southward, first to Kabul and then to India. The dynasty he founded endured for more than three centuries.
Babur.
Claiming descent from both Genghis Khan and Timur, Babur combined strength and courage with a love of beauty, and military ability with cultivation. He concentrated on gaining control of Northwestern India, doing so in 1526 by defeating the last Lodhi Sultan at the First battle of Panipat, a town north of Delhi. Babur then turned to the tasks of persuading his Central Asian followers to stay on in India and of overcoming other contenders for power, mainly the Rajputs and the Afghans. He succeeded in both tasks but died shortly thereafter in 1530. The Mughal Empire was one of the largest centralised states in premodern history and was the precursor to the British Indian Empire.
Babur was followed by his great-grandson, Shah Jahan (r. 1628–58), builder of the Taj Mahal and other magnificent buildings. Two other towering figures of the Mughal era were Akbar (r. 1556–1605) and Aurangzeb (r. 1658–1707). Both rulers expanded the empire greatly and were able administrators. However, Akbar was known for his religious tolerance and administrative genius while Aurangzeb was a pious Muslim and fierce advocate of more orthodox Islam.
Aurangzeb.
While some rulers were zealous in their spread of Islam, others were relatively liberal. Moghul emperor Akbar was relatively liberal and established a new religion, Din E Elahi, which included beliefs from different religions. He abolished the jizya for some time. In contrast, his great-grandson Aurangazeb was a more zealous and ruthless ruler .
In the century-and-a-half that followed the death of Aurangzeb, effective Muslim control weakened. Succession to imperial and even provincial power, which had often become hereditary, was subject to intrigue and force. The mansabdari system gave way to the zamindari system, in which high-ranking officials took on the appearance of hereditary landed aristocracy with powers of collecting rents. As Delhi's control waned, other contenders for power emerged and clashed, thus preparing the way for the eventual British takeover.
Durrani Empire.
The decay of the Mughal power saw a series of invasions by the Persian adventurer, Nadir Shah, but no occupation per se. Following his death, his Royal Guardsman Ahmed Shah Abdali – a Pashtun – embarked on an invasion of conquest. In the short space of just over a quarter of a century, he forged one of the largest Muslim empires of the 18th century. The high point of his conquests was his victory over the powerful Marathas in the third Battle of Panipat 1761. In South Asia his empire stretched from the Indus at Attock all the way to the outskirts of Delhi. Uninterested in long term of conquest or in replacing the Mughal Empire, he became increasingly pre occupied with revolts in Persia and by the Sikhs. His empire started to unravel not long after his death.
Decline of Muslim rule in Indian subcontinent.
Maratha Empire(1674-1818) ruled large parts of India following the decline of the Mughals. The long and futile war bankrupted one of the most powerful empires in the world. Mountstart Elphinstone termed this a demoralizing period for the Mussalmans as many of them lost the will to fight against the Maratha Empire. Maratha empire at its peak was stretched from Tamil Nadu (Trichinopoly) in the south to the Afghan border in the north. In early 1771, Mahadji ,a notable Maratha general, recaptured Delhi and installed Shah Alam II as the puppet ruler on the Mughal throne.In the north India, the Marathas thus regained the territory and the prestige lost as result of the defeat at Panipath in 1761.Mahadji ruled the Punjab as it used to be a Mughal territory and Sikh sardars and other Rajas of the cis-Sutlej region paid tributes to him. A considerable portion of the Indian subcontinent came under the sway of the British Empire after the Third Anglo-Maratha War, which ended the Maratha Empire completely in 1818. 
In northwest India, in the Punjab, Sikhs developed themselves into a powerful force under the authority of twelve Misls. By 1801, Ranjit Singh captured Lahore and threw off the Afghan yoke from North West India. In Afghanistan Zaman Shah Durrani was defeated by powerful Barakzai chief Fateh Khan who appointed Mahmud Shah Durrani as the new ruler of Afghanistan and appointed himself as Wazir of Afghanistan. Sikhs however were now superior to the Afghans and started to annex Afghan provinces. The biggest victory of the Sikh Empire over the Durrani Empire came in the Battle of Attock fought in 1813 between Sikh and Wazir of Afghanistan Fateh Khan and his younger brother Dost Mohammad Khan. The Afghans were routed by the Sikh army and the Afghans lost over 9,000 soldiers in this battle. Dost Mohammad was seriously injured whereas his brother Wazir Fateh Khan fled back to Kabul fearing that his brother was dead. In 1818 they slaughtered Afghans and Muslims in trading city of Multan killing Afghan governor Nawab Muzzafar Khan and five of his sons in the Siege of Multan. In 1819 the last Indian Province of Kashmir was conquered by Sikhs who registered another crushing victory over weak Afghan General Jabbar Khan. The Koh-i-Noor diamond was also taken by Maharaja Ranjit Singh in 1814. In 1823 a Sikh Army routed Dost Mohammad Khan the Sultan of Afghanistan and his brother Azim Khan at Naushera (Near Peshawar). By 1834 the Sikh Empire extended up to the Khyber Pass. Hari Singh Nalwa the Sikh general remained the governor of Khyber Agency till his death in 1837. He consolidated Sikh hold in tribal provinces. The northernmost Indian territories of Gilgit, Baltistan and Ladakh was annexed between 1831-1840.
Iconoclasm.
Nalanda.
In 1193, the Nalanda University complex was destroyed by Afghan Khilji-Ghilzai Muslims under Bakhtiyar Khalji; this event is seen as the final milestone in the decline of Buddhism in India. He also burned Nalanda's major Buddhist library and Vikramshila University, as well as numerous Bhuddhist monasteries in India. When the Tibetan translator, Chag Lotsawa Dharmasvamin (Chag Lo-tsa-ba, 1197–1264), visited northern India in 1235, Nalanda was damaged, looted, and largely deserted, but still standing and functioning with seventy students.
Mahabodhi, Sompura, Vajrasan and other important monasteries were found to be untouched. The Ghuri ravages only afflicted those monasteries that lay in the direct of their advance and were fortified in the manner of defensive forts.
By the end of the 12th century, following the Muslim conquest of the Buddhist stronghold in Bihar, Buddhism, having already declined in the South, declined in the North as well because survivors retreated to Nepal, Sikkim and Tibet or escaped to the South of the Indian sub-continent.
Vijayanagara.
The city flourished between the 14th century and 16th century, during the height of the Vijayanagar Empire. During this time, it was often in conflict with the kingdoms which rose in the Northern Deccan, and which are often collectively termed the Deccan Sultanates. The Vijaynagar Empire successfully resisted Muslim invasions for centuries. But in 1565, the empire's armies suffered a massive and catastrophic defeat at the hands of an alliance of the Sultanates, and the capital was taken. The victorious armies then razed, depopulated and destroyed the city over several months. The empire continued its slow decline, but the original capital was not reoccupied or rebuilt.
Somanath.
The first temple of Somnath existed before the beginning of the common era.
The second temple, built by the Maitraka kings of Vallabhi in Gujarat, replaced the first one on the same site around 649. In 725 Junayad, the Arab governor of Sind, sent his armies to destroy the second temple.
The Pratihara king Nagabhata II constructed the third temple in 815, a large structure of red sandstone. Mahmud of Ghazni attacked this temple in 1026, looted its gems and precious stones, massacred the worshippers and burned it. It was then that the famous Shivalinga of the temple was entirely destroyed.
The fourth temple was built by the Paramara King Bhoj of Malwa and the Solanki king Bhimdev I of Gujarat (Anhilwara) between 1026 and 1042. The temple was razed in 1297 when the Sultanate of Delhi conquered Gujarat, and again in 1394. Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb destroyed the temple again in 1706.

</doc>
<doc id="2871444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871444" title="Robert Harper (computer scientist)">
Robert Harper (computer scientist)

Robert "Bob" William Harper, Jr. is a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University who works in programming language research. He made major contributions to the design of the Standard ML programming language and the LF logical framework.
Harper was named an ACM Fellow in 2005. He was awarded this honor for his contributions to type systems for programming languages.
Personal life.
Harper hosts the progressive talk show "Left Out" on WRCT-FM with fellow host and School of Computer Science faculty member Danny Sleator.

</doc>
<doc id="2871464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871464" title="Theodore Schwan">
Theodore Schwan

Theodore Schwan (July 9, 1841 – May 27, 1926) was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Peebles' Farm. He also served with distinction during the Spanish-American and Philippine-American Wars.
Early life and Civil War.
Schwan was born in Hanover, Germany, and received his initial schooling in Germany. His family immigrated to the United States in 1857. Upon his arrival in the U.S., Schwan enlisted as a Private in the Regular Army at age 16 and served in the 10th U.S. Infantry.
When the Civil War broke out, he served with his regiment, rising from Private to Quartermaster sergeant by October 1863, when he was commissioned as a Second lieutenant. He was promoted to First Lieutenant in 1864 and received the Medal of Honor at the Battle of Peebles' Farm for dragging a wounded Union officer to the rear and preventing him from being captured.
After the war.
He remained in the Regular Army after the close of the Civil War and was promoted to captain, March 14, 1866. He was commanding a company, dept. quartermaster, and chief quartermaster District of Minnesota; Fort Snelling, Minn., from May, 1866, to May, 1867; on leave of absence from May to October, 1867 ; commanding company at Fort Snelling, Minn., to April, 1869; unassigned May, 1869 ; on duty at Galveston, Indianola, Corpus Christi, and Jefferson, Texas, 1869.
Indian Wars.
Captain Schwan was assigned to Eleventh U.S. Infantry regiment December, 1869; Commanding Company G, on frontier duty at Fort Griffin, and a subpost Fort Phantom Hill, Texas, 1870-73 (the intervening ten months having been spent on sick-leave of absence).
During the Red River War, 1874-76 he again was commanding Company G, at Fort Griffin. On February 5, 1874, detachments of Companies A and G, Eleventh Infantry, attacked a camp of hostile Qua ha dee Comanches on the Double Mountain Fork Brazos River, Texas, killed eleven Indians and captured sixty-five horses. One enlisted man was wounded in the fight.
In August and September, 1876, He was sent with the Eleventh Infantry from the Department of Texas to the Department of Dakota for field service in connection with the Great Sioux War of 1876-77 in the Dakota Territory and in Montana. Captain Schwan served at Cheyenne River Agency, D.T., Fort Custer, M.T., Fort Bennett, D.T., and Fort Sully, D.T., 1876-80.
On May 16, 1877, Lt. Gen. Sheridan directed his brother Lt. Col. Michael V. Sheridan to retrieve the bodies of Custer and his officers. On June 20, 1877, About 7 o'clock Company I, Seventh Cavalry (Captain Nowlan), reached the north bank of the Yellowstone, having been detached as the escort of Colonel Sheridan, who was to proceed to the Little Bighorn for the purpose of securing the bodies of the officers who fell in the Custer fight. Later in the day Colonel Sheridan passed up the river on the steamer Fletcher, being accompanied by Captain Schwan, Company G, Eleventh Infantry.
Headquarters of the Military District of Dakota Territory, March 15, 1878, designated Capt. Theodore Schwan to act as Indian agent at the Cheyenne Agency, Dakota Territory.
He was then on recruiting service at David's Island N.Y. Harbor 1880-82. Captain Schwan was an instructor on the staff of the United States School of Application for Cavalry and Infantry, at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., 1882-86.
Adjutant-General's Department.
Captain Theodore Schwan, of the 11th Infantry, to be assistant adjutant general with the rank of major, July 6, 1886, vice Benjamin, deceased.
Maj. (now Lieut. Col.) Theodore Schwan, assistant adjutant-general, detailed as acting inspector-general, Department of Dakota, July 17, 1894, per Special Orders, No. 140, Adjutaut-General's Office, 1894; relieved April 30, 1895, per Special Orders, No. 75, Adjutant-General's Office, current series (lieutenant colonel and assistant adjutant general, February 19, 1895).
He was promoted to colonel and assistant adjutant-general, May 18, 1898. The Adjutant-General's Department was then Adjt.-Gen'l, Brig.-Gen. H. C. Corbin. Assistants, Col. Theodore Schwan, Col. Thos. Ward, Lieut.-Col. W. H. Carter, Maj. H. O. S. Heistand, Maj. J. A. Johnston and Maj. W. A. Simpson.
Two weeks before his last promotion in the regular army he was appointed brigadier-general of volunteers, and in accordance with the Act of Congress, approved March 2, 1899, he will retain that rank until July 1, 1901. He was brevetted several times.
Spanish-American War.
When the Spanish-American War erupted, Lt. Col. Schwan was appointed brigadier general of volunteers and colonel in the Regular Army in May 1898, making him one of the only foreign-born generals in the Spanish-American War. He assumed command of the 1st Division, IV Corps which was stationed in Miami, Florida. That unit was never called into action, but he assumed command of the Independent Regular Brigade and sailed for Puerto Rico. His brigade landed at Guánica and moved west along the coast. On August 10, his brigade won the Battle of Silva Heights. The next day, he entered the town of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. The Spanish moved up for another attack on Schwan, but a cease fire was enacted before either side attacked. Allegedly during this cease fire, Schwan's troops engaged in the first game of baseball to be played in Puerto Rico.
Philippine-American War.
With the fighting on Puerto Rico over, General Schwan was transferred to the Philippines, where he became chief-of-staff in the VIII Corps, engaged in the Philippine-American War. He personally directed the first Cavite Expedition then took command of the 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, VIII Corps during the second Cavite Expedition.
Retirement and death.
He retired from the army in 1901 and was made a Major General of Regulars and put on the retired list. Theodore Schwan died in 1926 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and Organization:
Citation:

</doc>
<doc id="2871467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871467" title="ALCO RSD-15">
ALCO RSD-15

The ALCO RSD-15 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type built by ALCO (the American Locomotive Company) of Schenectady, New York between August 1956 and June 1960, during which time 75 locomotives were produced. The RSD-15 was powered by an ALCO 251 16-cylinder four-cycle V-type prime mover rated at ; it superseded the almost identical ALCO 244-engined RSD-7, and was catalogued alongside the similar but smaller RSD-12, powered by a 12-cylinder 251-model V-type diesel engine.
The locomotive rode on a pair of three-axle "Trimount" trucks, in an AAR C-C wheel arrangement, with all axles powered by General Electric model 752 traction motors. These trucks have an asymmetrical axle spacing due to the positioning of the traction motors. The six-motor design allowed higher tractive effort at lower speeds than an otherwise similar four-motor design.
The RSD-15 could be ordered with either a high or low short hood; railfans dubbed the low short hood version "Alligators", on account of their unusually long low noses.
RSD-17.
A single example of the very similar model RSD-17 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works in 1957. After demonstrating on the Canadian Pacific "(as #7007)", the Canadian National "(as #3899)", and the Pacific Great Eastern "(as #624)", the locomotive was purchased by the Canadian Pacific "(as #8921)". Nicknamed "The Empress of Agincourt" "(for its common presence around Toronto's Agincourt yard)", the locomotive served the railroad until 1995, when truck problems forced its retirement.
Surviving examples.
Six RSD-15s survive in preservation; all are ex-Santa Fe units.
Only two are in operating condition; the Austin and Texas Central #442, ex-ATSF 842, painted in a modified Southern Pacific "Black Widow" scheme,
and Green Bay and Western Railroad RSD-15 #2407 (Ex-ATSF 841) at the Illinois Railway Museum.
Others that are preserved are ex-ATSF 823, in former owner Utah Railway colors at the Utah Railroad Museum, the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento has one and the Arkansas Railroad Museum has ex-ATSF #843.
The RSD-17 demonstrator, Canadian Pacific 8921 is preserved at the Elgin County Railway Museum, St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada.
Models.
The RSD-15 has been produced in N scale by Mehano of Yugoslavia.
The RSD-15 has been produced in HO scale by Broadway Limited Imports.
The RSD-15 has been produced in O scale by Atlas O in their Trainman line.
No RSD-17 has been produced in any scale other than as a handmade brass import.

</doc>
<doc id="2871469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871469" title="Daniel Rock">
Daniel Rock

Daniel Rock (Very Reverend Canon Rock, D.D.) (31 August 1799, Liverpool – 28 November 1871 Kensington, London) was an English Roman Catholic priest, ecciesiologist and antiquarian. He was educated at St. Edmund's College, Old Hall, where he studied from April, 1813, to December, 1818. There he came under the influence of the Rev. Louis Havard from whom he acquired his first interest in liturgy, and was the intimate friend of Mark Aloysius Tierney. He was then chosen as one of the first students sent to reopen the English College at Rome, where he remained until he took the degree of D.D. in 1825. He had been ordained priest, 13 March 1824. On his return to London he became assistant priest at St. Mary's, Moorfields, until 1827, when he was appointed domestic chaplain to John, Earl of Shrewsbury, with whom he had contracted a friendship based on similarity of tastes while at Rome. He accordingly resided at Alton Towers, Staffordshire, till 1840, with the exception of two years during which Lord Shrewsbury's generosity enabled him to stay at Rome collecting materials for his great work, "Hierurgia or the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass", which was published in 1833. He had previously published two short works: "Transubstantiation vindicated from the strictures of the Rev. Maurice Jones" (1830), and "The Liturgy of the Mass and Common Vespers for Sundays" (1832).
In 1840 he became chaplain to Sir Robert Throckmorton of Buckland (then in Berkshire nowadays in Oxfordshire), and while there wrote his greatest book, "The Church of Our Fathers", in which he studies the Sarum Rite and other medieval liturgical observances. This work, which has profoundly influenced liturgical study in England and which caused his recognition as the leading authority on the subject, was published in 1849 (vols. I and II) and 1853-4 (vol. III). After 1840 Dr. Rock was a prominent member of the "Adelphi", an association of London priests who were working together for the restoration of the hierarchy. When this object was achieved, he was elected one of the first canons of Southwark (1852). Shortly after, he ceased parochial work, and having resided successfully at Newick, Surrey (1854-64), he went to live near the South Kensington Museum in which he took the keenest interest and to which he proved of much service. His "Introduction to the Catalogue of Textile Fabrics" in that Museum has been separately reprinted (1876) and is of great authority. He also contributed frequent articles to the Archæological Journal, the Dublin Review, and other periodicals. For many years before his death he held the honourable position of President of the Old Brotherhood of the English Secular Clergy.

</doc>
<doc id="2871470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871470" title="Don't Worry">
Don't Worry

Don't Worry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871478" title="ALCO RSD-12">
ALCO RSD-12

The ALCO RSD-12 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type rated at , that rode on three-axle trucks, having an C-C wheel arrangement.
Used in much the same manner as its four-axle counterpart, the ALCO RS-11, though the six-motor design allowed better tractive effort at lower speeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2871479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871479" title="Villa Hortensia (Rosario)">
Villa Hortensia (Rosario)

Villa Hortensia is a mansion in the city of Rosario, province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It is located on 1917 Warnes St. in Barrio Alberdi, in the north-eastern part of Rosario. It was built in 1890 by architect Boyd Walker for José Nicolás Puccio, founder of Alberdi. It was then sold to Ciro Echesortu, and then in turn to Alfredo Rouillon, married to María Hortensia Echesortu (from whom the house got its name). The wealthy Rouillon family employed Villa Hortensia as a summer residence, taking advantage of its proximity to the Paraná River and its large, tree-shadowed gardens.
Maintenance of the mansion was neglected until, in 1989, it was declared a National Historic Monument. At the time it was under a serious threat of being condemned. The Villa was acquired by the Municipality of Rosario on 30 May 1996 in order to transform it into an administrative center, as part of an official decentralisation plan. Villa Hortensia was restored, emphasizing the original plans and materials, and was re-opened as the first Municipal District Center on 13 October 1997.
Villa Hortensia hosts a citizen assistance office, a delegation of the Municipal Bank of Rosario, and offices of the water, natural gas and power companies, where the neighbors of the North District can pay for these services, place requests, etc. The mansion also has a marriage office. This allows for citizens to carry out administrative business near their homes, instead of travelling downtown to the main municipal offices (a 40-minute bus ride). A survey conducted a month after the inauguration of Villa Hortensia found that the citizens of the North District used to travel an average of 8 km for administrative business before, a distance which has been reduced to only 1.5 km. Eighty percent of the citizens surveyed also consider the service in Villa Hortensia better than the one formerly provided in the downtown offices.

</doc>
<doc id="2871490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871490" title="Fearless Nadia">
Fearless Nadia

Mary Evans a.k.a. Mary Evans Wadia a.k.a. Fearless Nadia (8 January 1908 – 9 January 1996) was an actress and stuntwoman, who is most remembered as the masked, cloaked adventurer in "Hunterwali" (The Princess and the Hunter) released in 1935, which was one of the earliest female-lead Indian films.
Biography.
Early life.
Fearless Nadia was born as Mary Ann Evans on 8 January 1908 in Perth, Western Australia. She was the daughter of Scotsman Herbertt Evans, a volunteer in the British Army, and Margret. They lived in Australia, before coming to India. Mary was one year old when Herbertt's regiment was seconded to Bombay. Mary came to Bombay in 1913 at the age of five with her father. In 1915, her father’s untimely death at the hands of Germans during World War I prompted the family’s move to Peshawar. She learned horseback riding, hunting, fishing, and shooting during a stay in the North-West Frontier Province. In 1928, she returned to Bombay with her mother and a son, Robert Jones, about whom not much is known, and then studied ballet under Madam Astrova.
She had earlier tried her hand at a job in the Army & Navy Store in Bombay as a salesgirl and had at one point wanted to learn “short-hand and typing to get a better job”. Astrova’s troupe performed for British soldiers at military bases, for Indian royalty and for other crowds in dusty small towns and villages. She mastered the art of cartwheels and splits, which came in handy later during her film stunts. An Armenian fortune teller had foretold that a successful career lay ahead but she would have to choose a name starting with the letter ‘N’. She chose the name Nadia because it was “exotic-sounding”.
Career.
She toured India as a theatre artist and began working for Zarko Circus in 1930. She was introduced to Hindi films by Jamshed "J.B.H." Wadia who was the founder of Wadia Movietone, the behemoth of stunts and action in 1930s Bombay. At first, J.B.H. was bemused at Mary's insistence on trying out for the movies, but he took a gamble by giving her a cameo as a slave girl (in a hand-painted colour sequence that accentuated her blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes) in the film Desh Deepak, and then as Princess Parizaad in Noor-e-Yaman. Nadia proved a huge hit with the audience, whereupon, considering her skills at performing circus and other stunts, J.B.H. -- by then joined by his younger brother Homi -- chose to develop her into a star. In 1967-68, when she was in her late 50s, she appeared in a James Bond spoof called Khiladi ("The Players").
Legacy.
In 1993, Nadia's great grandnephew, Riyad Vinci Wadia, made a documentary of her life and films, called "Fearless: The Hunterwali Story". After watching the documentary at the 1993 Berlin International Film Festival, Dorothee Wenner, a German freelance writer, and film curator, wrote a book, "Fearless Nadia - The true story of Bollywood's original stunt queen", which was subsequently translated to English in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2871494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871494" title="Hazel Irvine">
Hazel Irvine

Hazel Irvine (born 24 May 1965), is a Scottish television presenter.
Life and career.
Irvine was born in St Andrews, Scotland. Educated at Hermitage Academy in Helensburgh, she achieved an M.A. in History of Art at the University of St. Andrews, and competed in golf, netball and athletics at university level. In her final year she was Senior Student of Hamilton Hall. She began her broadcasting career in radio, before moving to work for Scottish Television in 1988 as a continuity announcer and latterly, as a sports reporter/presenter. This led to slots on the national ITV network co-presenting coverage of the 1988 Summer Olympics alongside Dickie Davies, and presenting reports from the Scotland football team's training camp at the 1990 World Cup. 
Irvine joined the BBC in 1990, working as presenter on BBC Scotland's "Sportscene" programme and becoming the youngest-ever presenter of the BBC's flagship sports programme "Grandstand" on 19 June 1993. In 1994, Irvine co-hosted the BBC's Hogmanay Live, and in 1995 she introduced coverage of the FIFA Women's World Cup and began reporting for Football Focus. Irvine has presented for the BBC at every Summer Olympics since Atlanta 1996, as well as the Winter Olympics and four Football World Cup tournaments, and in December 1996 became the lead presenter of "Ski Sunday", initially with Julian Tutt, but then alone from 1997. She has also been the regular presenter of the World Snooker Championships and regularly presented the sports news on major BBC evening news bulletins, as well as reporting on events such as Wimbledon and the London Marathon.
In August 2008, Irvine presented "Olympic Breakfast" as well as being one of the commentators for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She reprised these roles for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Irvine also presents BBC coverage of the Sochi 2014 winter Olympic games.
Away from television, Irvine is the honorary president of the Dumbarton F.C. Supporters' Association and also works as a media-trainer and after-dinner speaker.
Personal life.
Irvine married her long term boyfriend at a secret ceremony in 2008, announced she was expecting a child in 2009 on the BBC Hogmanay Live show and had a baby girl in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2871501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871501" title="Square Circle Production">
Square Circle Production

The Square Circle Production is a well used magic trick on stage and also close up in smaller versions.
Effect: The magician shows a square box with a window in front and a coloured cylinder which fits in the box. When the tube is in the box, it can be seen through the window which normally has a grille or patterned lattice on it.
She starts by lifting both items onto a table which is raised off the ground (no trap doors) and then shows them empty both separately and together by lifting them off the table in turn, and looking right through the tube/box at the audience, putting her arm through and moving it around etc. When the tube is lifted out of the box, the black empty interior of the box can be seen through the grille. When the box is lifted off the tube, nothing can be seen hidden round the tube. Yet, when the tube is placed inside the box, she reaches in and produces all manner of items.

</doc>
<doc id="2871503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871503" title="Gregory of Utrecht">
Gregory of Utrecht

Saint Gregory of Utrecht (born 700/705 – died 770s) was born of a noble family at Trier. His father Alberic was the son of Addula, who in her widowhood was Abbess of Pfalzel ("Palatiolum") near Trier. (Because of the similarity of names and also because of a forged will, Addula has been frequently confused with Saint Adela of Pfalzel, daughter of Dagobert II of Austrasia, thus wrongly imputing to Gregory membership of the royal house of the Merovingians).
He received his early education at Pfalzel. When, in 722, Saint Boniface passed through Trier on his way from Frisia to Hesse and Thuringia, he stayed at this convent. Gregory was called upon to read the scriptures at the meals. Saint Boniface gave an explanation of them and expanded upon the merits of an apostolic life, by which Gregory was inspired to accompany him.
He now became the disciple and later the helper of the Apostle of Germany, accompanying him in all his missionary tours. In 738 Saint Boniface made his third journey to Rome; Gregory went with him and brought back many valuable additions for his library. About 750 Gregory was made Abbot of St. Martin's, in Utrecht. In 744 Saint Willibrord, the first Bishop of Utrecht, had died but had received no successor. Saint Boniface had taken charge and had appointed an administrator, Saint Eoban. In 754 he started on his last missionary trip accompanied by Eoban, who was to share his martyrdom. After this, Pope Stephen II and Pippin the Younger ordered Gregory to look after the diocese. For this reason he is sometimes called "bishop", though he never received episcopal consecration.
The school of his abbey, the "Martinsstift", a kind of missionary seminary, was now a centre of learning for many nations: Franks, Frisians, Saxons, even Bavarians and Swabians. England too, though it had splendid schools of its own, sent scholars. Among his disciples, Saint Ludger is perhaps the best known, later to be the first Bishop of Münster and author of the "Life" of Gregory, in which he describes his virtues, his contempt of riches, his sobriety, his forgiving spirit and his deeds of alms .
Some three years before Gregory's death, paralysis attacked his left side and gradually spread over his entire body. At the approach of death he had himself carried into church, where he died.
Veneration.
His relics were kept at Utrecht, and in 1421 and 1597 were examined at episcopal visitations. A large portion of his head is in the church of Saint Amelberga at Susteren, where an official recognition took place on 25 September 1885 under the supervision of the Bishop of Roermond A letter written by Saint Lullus, Bishop of Mainz, to Saint Gregory is still extant [3.

</doc>
<doc id="2871506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871506" title="Gorilla (disambiguation)">
Gorilla (disambiguation)

A gorilla is a large primate.
Gorilla may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871507" title="ALCO RS-2">
ALCO RS-2

The ALCO RS-2 is a , B-B road switcher diesel-electric locomotive. It was manufactured by American Locomotive Company (ALCO) from October 1946 to May 1950, and 378 were produced — 369 by the American Locomotive Company, and 9 by Montreal Locomotive Works in Canada. Eight of the ALCO RS-2s were exported to Canada. The RS-2 has a single, 12 cylinder, model 244 engine, developing . Thirty-one locomotives built by Alco between February and May 1950 with the 12 cylinder 244C engine.
ALCO built the RS-2 to compete with EMD, Fairbanks-Morse, and Baldwin Locomotive Works. In 1947, Fairbanks-Morse introduced the H-15-44. Also in that year, Baldwin introduced the DRS-4-4-1500. In the case of ALCO, Fairbanks-Morse, and Baldwin, each company increased the power of an existing locomotive line from ), and added more improvements to create new locomotive lines.
EMD, however, kept its competing GP7 at In 1954, EMD introduced the GP9. It was rated at .
EMD produced 2,734 GP-7s. ALCO produced 378 RS-2s, and 1,370 RS-3s. Fairbanks-Morse produced 30 H-15-44s, and 296 H-16-44s. Baldwin produced 32 DRS-4-4-1500s, and 127 AS-16s.
Design and development.
The RS2 was a further development of the road switcher concept. It had more horsepower than the RS1, and was better suited for heavy road service. Externally, the RS2 bodywork was more rounded, mechanically the new 244 engine was introduced. A turbocharged four stroke V12 with a 9” X 10 ½” bore and stroke developing 1,500 (later 1,600) hp at 1,000 rpm, it had a smaller cylinder, higher cylinder speed design than the 539 used in the RS1. Production of the RS-2 was delayed several months while Alco worked out the new four pipe divided low rise manifold for the GE constant pressure RD-1 turbocharger. The 244 engine was not a reliable design, however, and was replaced in less than ten years by the Alco 251 engine.
Survivors.
Very few RS-2s survive today. Three former Kennecott Copper locomotives are preserved, including Kennecott Copper 908 (former number 104) at the Western Pacific Railroad Museum at Portola, California. KCC 908 once served the mines out of Ely, Nevada along the Nevada Northern Railway. Nevada Northern 105 is at Ely, Nevada, it was formerly the Kennecott Copper 105. Kennecott Copper 103 is at the San Diego Railroad Museum in Campo, California. It is painted as Santa Fe 2098. Another RS-2 is in active service on the Texas State Railroad (rebuilt as an RS-2-CAT). It is the former Union Railroad 608. The first production RS-2, originally sold to the Detroit & Mackinac RR as their number 466, still exists. It was fully operable in freight service on the Michigan Southern Railroad (1989) until a few years ago. As of September 2005, the 466 was stored out of service near the Michigan Southern's office in White Pigeon, Michigan. The former Detroit & Mackinac 469 was sold to Waymore Power and may be restored. The former Elgin Joliet and Eastern 801 is preserved in Jala, Mexico as a Las Encinas SA de CV 801. And MLW built Roberval and Saguenay 20 is at the Canadian Railway Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2871510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871510" title="Fantasy (Appleton song)">
Fantasy (Appleton song)

"Fantasy" is the debut single by Canadian pop duo Appleton. It was released on September 2, 2002 and peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. It has sold over 65,000 copies in the UK.
Music video.
The music video is set during a performance in a bar and features stage Natalie diving into the audience, originally Nicole was supposed to do the stage dive but she chickened out at the last moment - with the excuse that they didn't put down the mattress - and her sister had to show her how it was done. They didn't have an idea for the song except that they wanted to do it live and recorded it on the spot.
There is another version of the video with an alternate ending, showing Natalie and Nicole walking down a subway after the gig discussing the fight that breaks out in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="2871533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871533" title="Radio Forth">
Radio Forth

Radio Forth is a group owning two radio stations based in Edinburgh. The stations broadcast to Edinburgh, The Lothians and Fife.
History.
Radio Forth was launched on 22 January 1975 by current chairman Richard Findlay. His opening speech included "This, for the very first time is Radio Forth". The first DJ on air was Steve Hamilton who hosted the breakfast show.
In 1990, Forth was forced to create a new station on its AM frequency. Before this, Radio Forth was broadcast as a single station on both FM and AM frequencies. So to overcome this, "Max AM" launched. The FM station was renamed "Radio Forth RFM" and aimed at the younger age group, while "Max AM" was designed for the 35+ range. The FM station was later renamed "Forth FM" and then in the mid-late 90s "Max AM" was later renamed "Forth AM" to match its sister station.
In 2000, both stations were relaunched as "97.3 Forth One" and "1548 FORTH2". Many changes occurred at this time including new presenters and a whole new jingle package. Forth 2 was redesigned as an adult contemporary music station while Forth One continued to play Top 40 songs for the 35s and under.
Radio Forth was owned by Scottish Radio Holdings until 3 June 2005 when British media group EMAP took over. Forth, however, continues to be local and mostly managed from Forth House in Edinburgh. Owners EMAP put their radio business up for sale in December 2007. At the end of January 2008, all EMAP owned radio stations in the UK were bought by the German-based Bauer Group, with EMAP Radio becoming Bauer Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="2871537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871537" title="Lippisch P.15">
Lippisch P.15

__NOTOC__
The Lippisch P.15 was a proposed World War II German fighter aircraft. 
Development.
Alexander Lippisch designed it after inspecting the new Heinkel He 162 which he thought could be improved. The redesigned He 162 composed of the nose section of the Heinkel 162, the wings and tail of the Me 163C, a newly designed rear fuselage, and landing gear adapted from the Bf 109. Power was to be supplied by a single Heinkel HeS 011A turbojet contained within the rear fuselage, which was fed by two intakes buried in the wing roots. 
Never leaving the drawing board, the design could well have made a suitable jet fighter, but Lippisch was never considered a credible aircraft engineer of the likes of Willy Messerschmitt or Kurt Tank, which coupled with the worsening war situation doomed all of his late war projects to fail. 

</doc>
<doc id="2871543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871543" title="Kevin Potvin">
Kevin Potvin

Kevin Potvin (born 1962 in Port Arthur, Ontario) is a newspaper publisher and columnist, small business owner, and politician based in Vancouver, British Columbia. He founded and runs the Magpie Magazine Gallery, a retail store on Commercial Drive, and "The Republic of East Vancouver," an alternative bi-weekly newspaper. Since 1995 he has written a regular opinion column in the "Vancouver Courier." His forays into electoral politics have proven controversial, particularly because of his views on Canadian and American foreign policy.
Politics.
In 2005 Potvin ran for councillor in the Vancouver municipal election. He received 10,806 votes, placing 22nd in the polls (with the first ten being elected to council), gaining the most votes for an independent.
In the fall of 2006, he was elected president of the Grandview-Woodland Area Council.
On 15 April 2007, Elizabeth May, leader of the Green Party of Canada, issued a release stating that Potvin would not be allowed to run as a candidate in the riding of Vancouver-Kingsway. The decision was made after a controversy developed over an article Potvin wrote following the September 11 attacks (see below). May cited Potvin's remarks as "antithetical" to Green Party values.
Controversies.
Globe and Mail report.
On May 6, 2006, "The Globe and Mail" printed an article on the debate over Wikipedia's reliability based on Kevin Potvin's entry on himself. Potvin told "The Globe and Mail" that he created the entry as part of his political campaign to get elected to Vancouver City Council.
Regarding Potvin's claim that his work had appeared in "Harper's Magazine" and the "The Atlantic Monthly", the paper said: "According to "Harper's" magazine, Mr. Potvin had a letter to the editor printed once, in November of 1992. The "Atlantic" could find no record of Mr. Potvin -- he says he wrote ' a substantial letter to the editor' in 1987, but the magazine does not archive letters."
According to the newspaper, when asked about his Wikipedia entry, Potvin "disagreed that it was misleading, or that he inflated his résumé." Potvin said that he did not know the identity of the editor who added the "investigative reporting" accolades to the Wikipedia article. "'I have my readers,' he added, 'and I think there are people who would say that. It's not a thing which you can be factually wrong or right about. I think I am an investigative journalist. I investigate. I write. But I think facts are just what people say they are.'"
Potvin wrote a rejoinder in "The Republic" claiming that the "Globe and Mail" article was motivated by its author's personal dislike of him and his criticism of the journalism taught in journalism schools. In making his case, Potvin pointed out that while the article was ostensibly about the accuracy of Wikipedia, the encyclopedia was mentioned 12 times in the article compared with 26 references to himself, "who is, on the national stage, a nobody." The editor of the "Globe and Mail", however, rejected Potvin's arguments and refused to print a retraction.
Potvin has also been a contributor to the "Globe and Mail".
Remarks about 9/11 attacks.
On April 12, 2007, "Public Eye Online" reported that Potvin had written an article in 2002 about the September 11, 2001 attacks in which he reported his reaction to the planes hitting the twin towers.
He wrote, "When I saw the first tower cascade down into that enormous plume of dust and paper, there was a little voice inside me that said, 'Yeah!' When the second tower came down the same way, that little voice said, 'Beautiful!' When the visage of the Pentagon appeared on the TV with a gaping and smoking hole in its side, that little voice had nearly taken me over, and I felt an urge to pump my fist in the air"
Potvin subsequently told the press, "If you read the story that I wrote, you'll notice that I'm talking about it on a symbolic level . . . I go to great pains to make clear that I'm not talking about the deaths of anybody. After all, as you can imagine, I'm a human being. I'm a father, I'm a hockey dad, I'm a businessman, I'm a community leader. I'm obviously not going to be revelling in the deaths of anybody."
In regards to 9/11 conspiracy theories, he has stated that he does not believe the official version of the events on September 11, 2001 is any more credible than alternative explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="2871554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871554" title="Fabian Wrede, Count of Östanå">
Fabian Wrede, Count of Östanå

Count Fabian Wrede (1641 in Peippola, Finland — 1712) was an advisor to King Charles XI, King of Sweden. In his birthright, the 3rd Baron of Elimäki in Finland, he was created 1st count of Östanå as reward for his service in financial administration of the king.

</doc>
<doc id="2871564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871564" title="Ways and Means committee">
Ways and Means committee

A Committee of Ways and Means is a government body that is charged with reviewing and making recommendations for government budgets. The term "Ways and Means" originated with the English Parliament (later the British Parliament and UK Parliament) and refers to the provision of revenue to meet national expenditure requirements and to forward the objectives of economic policy. Ways and Means are principally provided by the imposition of taxation. Because the raising of revenue is vital to carrying out governmental operations, such a committee is literally tasked with finding the ways and means with which to raise that revenue.
United Kingdom.
In Britain, budget resolutions, upon which the Finance Bill is based, are in fact Ways and Means resolutions. Ways and Means resolutions are also used to make provision for an increase or decrease in national debt (through the Consolidated Fund or the National Loans Fund).
The Committee of Ways and Means, in effect between 1641 and 1967, was the body responsible for proposing changes in taxation to Government. Any Minister could make proposals to the committee. The Chairman of Ways and Means, an appointed role, presided over the Committee.
The Committee of Ways and Means was abolished in 1967 and the responsibility for all fiscal matters, including taxation, now rests with the Chancellor of the Exchequer. However, the position of Chairman of Ways and Means still exists since the Chairman may take the place of the Speaker in that individual's absence. Traditionally, the title of Chairman of Ways and Means is conferred on the Deputy Speaker of the House. It was formerly an appointed position resulting from a motion tabled at the beginning of each Parliament by the Leader of the House. Following the 6 May 2010 General Election, the Chairman of Ways and Means and his two deputies were elected by ballot. The Chairman of Ways and Means has two deputies: the First and Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means; thus there are three Deputy Speakers who may take the place of the Speaker.
The Speaker and his deputies are considered independent, do not normally vote, and are not included in the figures of party strengths within the House of Commons. Upon retirement from the service of the House, it is usual for each of these Members to be elevated to a peerage and the House of Lords.
The current Chairman of Ways and Means is Lindsay Hoyle. The First Deputy Chairman is Eleanor Laing and the Second Deputy Chairman is Dawn Primarolo.
United States of America.
The United States House Committee on Ways and Means is a committee in the United States House of Representatives similar to that same committee in the United Kingdom House of Commons. Unlike its UK counterpart, the US committee still meets and has jurisdiction over all taxation, tariffs, and other revenue-raising measures, as well as Social Security, Medicare, and a number of other programs.
Canada.
The Canadian federal government, which follows the British Parliamentary System, also adopted the term "Ways and Means" within its tax system. For example, the Minister of Finance introduces changes to its fiscal plan via a Ways and Means Motion to Amend the Income Tax Act. The Minister tables the motion in Parliament and then presents the budget highlights in a formal budget speech. Only after a federal budget is tabled may the government's detailed taxation plans be made public.
The current federal Minister of Finance is Jim Flaherty.

</doc>
<doc id="2871580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871580" title="Harvard World Model United Nations">
Harvard World Model United Nations

The Harvard World Model United Nations (WorldMUN) is an annual traveling Model United Nations conference that is run by Harvard students and a local university team from a host city. WorldMUN moves to a new international city each year and attracts over 2,000 college and graduate students from more than 70 countries, making it the largest international collegiate-level Model UN conference in the world.
Founded in 1991, WorldMUN has traveled to 23 cities in six continents, including The Hague in the Netherlands; Istanbul, Turkey; Puebla, Mexico; Geneva, Switzerland; Brussels, Belgium; Beijing, China; Edinburgh, United Kingdom; Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt; Heidelberg, Germany; and Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
WorldMUN Locations.
True to its reputation as the "Olympics of MUN", Harvard WorldMUN utilizes a competitive bidding process to select its conference locations and host teams. Each year, prospective host teams submit bid documents outlining their capacity to co-host a conference of WorldMUN's magnitude. Prospective teams also highlight aspects of their local culture that would be showcased throughout the conference. After deliberations, the conference location is selected through a secret ballot.
Vancouver, Canada was the host for the 21st Harvard WorldMUN, which was held from March 11–15, 2012. The 22nd session was held in Melbourne, Australia from March 18–22, 2013. The 2014 conference took place from March 17 to March 21 in Brussels, Belgium. It was announce on May 1, 2014 that Seoul, South Korea would host the 24th session of the conference from March 16–20, 2015.
See also.
Model United Nations

</doc>
<doc id="2871584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871584" title="Black Leopards F.C.">
Black Leopards F.C.

""'
Black Leopards are a South African football (soccer) club based in Polokwane, Limpopo that plays in the National First Division.
History.
The club was founded in 1983 by business people in Venda. In 1998 the club was taken over by the Thidiela family. After just two seasons of campaigning in the National First Division, Black Leopards were promoted to the elite division of the country.
Leopards were relegated to the First Division in 2008 after seven seasons in the Premiership. In 2011 Leopards returned to the PSL.
2013-14 First team squad.
"As of October 22, 2013" 

</doc>
<doc id="2871592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871592" title="Farallon Steamship Disaster">
Farallon Steamship Disaster

The Farallon Steamship Disaster was the shipwreck of a wooden Alaskan Steamship Company liner, the S.S. Farallon, that hit Black Reef in the Cook Inlet of the Farallon Islands, Alaska, on January 5, 1910. Caught in a blinding snow storm, with extremely high gales, the steamer ran aground on the reef from shore. The ship struck the reef around 5 a.m. when the tides were very high. Within a matter of hours, however, the waters receded and the damage of the ship was deemed irreparable and evacuation essential. All on board evacuated to a nearby island and had to survive for a month in a mid-winter climate before they were rescued. Steve K. Lloyd wrote a book on the story.
Survival.
The passengers and crew took off from the disaster site in lifeboats, but not without difficulty. All on board, thirty-eight men, eventually evacuated to the shore of Iliamna Bay, however the extremely high surf and frequent ice cakes caused the men to look pessimistically on their docking probabilities. The men would then face the relentless cold, snow, and lack of adequate nutrition for twenty-nine days, before being rescued by the S.S Victoria. They lived off the few provisions that had been saved from the accident, including sails, tarpaulins, passenger baggage and mattresses. They had no artificial source of light, and water had to be acquired by melting snow. The typical meal included raw bacon and frozen bread. Throughout the subsequent days men travelled back to the shipwreck to scavenge for any materials that may prove useful. Consequently several convenience items were haphazardly constructed, including makeshift stoves. As temperatures plummeted to , fuel for warmth was generated by driftwood found in the snowy banks of the shore.
History of S.S. Farallon.
On January 27, 1902 the S.S. Farallon became the fourth ship in the Alaska Steamship Company fleet. It was a wooden steam schooner. A schooner is a two-masted fore-and-aft rigged vessel with both a fore and main mast. The boat was named after the Farallon Islands, located from the coast of San Francisco. These islands were named after the Spanish word "farallones", meaning rock or cliff in the sea. Quite a coincidence, seeing as the ship would eventually meet its end from the damage of the very mass it was named after. The boat was long with a beam and a cargo hold more than deep. This deep hold allowed the ship to transport over 400,000 board feet of lumber, including Pacific Coast fir, pine, redwood and cedar.
J.E. Thwaites and his documentation.
John Edward Thwaites was one of the men on board the S.S. Farallon when it ran aground in the Cook Inlet. He worked in the ship service as a mail clerk, on the route from Valdez, Alaska to Unalaska, Alaska. His office was in the “mail closet” of the schooners, a stateroom located often on the port side of the boats.
Thwaites mainly worked on the S.S. Dora, a boat that was part of the Northwestern Steamship Company fleet, but was also assigned to other schooners travelling in the Alaskan region. Essentially, he held the responsibility of delivering mail, monthly, to the people of Southwestern Alaska, living in areas unaccessible by any other means.
Thwaites recorded the survival and events of the disaster through photography. J.E. Thwaites was an amateur photographer who owned a Kodak 3-A Special, popular in the postcard industry. While Thwaites had no professional training or schooling in photography, he was able to take advantage of the expanding postcard industry and sell his images for a profit. While stranded on the shore of Iliamna Bay Thwaites took over one hundred photographs, depiciting the desolate and harsh environment the men were victim to and documenting the tasks of primitive survival the men had to execute to stay alive.
The brave six.
Of the thirty-eight men aboard, six did not stay at Iliamna Bay. They instead, attempted to reach Kodiak Island in hopes of arranging a rescue. They set out on January 7, 1910 from the wreck in a lifeboat across one of the most dangerous regions of water in the western hemisphere, the Shelikof Strait. The six men were Gus Swanson, the second mate of the Farallon, Charles Peterson, a seaman, Ottoe Nelson, a seamen, Albert Bailey, a passenger, Charles Bourne, a resident of Afognak, and Captain Weiding.
When the men left the site the wind was blowing north by northwest, however, during the night, the wind increased and the group was forced to beach their rowboat at Ursus Cove and remain there until morning. The following morning, January 8, when the men returned to the water, there was a new northeast wind and a heavy snowstorm. Suddenly, mid-morning, the wind changed course and began blowing extremely strongly towards the northwest. The small rowboat stood no chance against the heavy seas and the men and boat soon became completely ice-coated. The ice weighed down the boat to the point where it could hardly stay above water and the group was once again forced to find a place to dock. That evening the defenceless lifeboat ran into a heavy pack of ice, completely crushing what was left of the already poorly functioning structure. The men were luckily not far from shore. However, their boat had sunk with almost all their provisions and they were forced to walk shoulder-high through the ice-cold water. They eventually reached the shore at Cape Douglas.
The following morning, January 9, the party trekked to the top of the cliff above the beach for protection from the vicious seas and wind, and there they constructed a makeshift tent and fire. The physical state of the men, however, was quickly deteriorating. All of them were frostbitten and some were showing the early signs of hypothermia. For the next 38 hours the men would stay on the cliff in desperation to regain strength. Once the high gales, strong winds, eventually were repressed, the men walked two miles from the cliff and found the camp of Michael Pablow, a fur trapper, who owned his own small schooner. While Pablow refused to cross the strait, he supplied the ravenous men with provisions and deprived himself of food in efforts to aid the weary travellers. The group did not leave Pablow’s camp until February 7 because of the intense storms. Albert Bailey and Otto Nelson then led the way to Kaguak on foot with, while Swanson, Peterson, Bourne, and Weiding followed in a bidarka because they had lost their capability to walk. The men found an old skiff and dug it out of the snow at Kaguak, and began making their way across the strait to Kafliar Bay on February 22. Charles Bourne was forced to stay with the natives at Kaguak because of the severe physical impairment the harsh conditions had induced upon him. The men were able to reach Cape Ugat before fierce wind once again destroyed their vessel. Fortunately, the party was able to travel on land to the Ugansk village, but would again remain stormbound until March 5. On March 5, the people of Ugansk provided the men with a dory, a small flat-bottomed boat. In this, the men would reach Afognak. Finally on March 11, 1910, just before midnight, four of the six men were brought into Seward, Alaska on the Tahoma, a revenue cutter that had been searching for the men for almost three weeks. Gus Swanson, Charles Peterson, Otto Nelson and Albert Bailey were all rescued. The Tahoma then retrieved Charles Bourne from Kaguak and Captain Weiding at Kodiak, where he had been forced to stay after suffering from hypothermia.

</doc>
<doc id="2871598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871598" title="Ana Popović">
Ana Popović

Ana Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ана Поповић, born May 13, 1976 in Belgrade) is a Memphis, Tennessee-based Serbian blues guitarist and singer.
Biography.
Early life.
Popović was born in 1976 in Belgrade. Her father introduced her to the blues, and she started to play the guitar when she was fifteen.
Hush (1995 – 1998).
In 1995, she formed the band Hush with Rade Popović (guitar, vocals), Milan Sarić (bass guitar) and Bojan Ivković (drums). Hush performed rhythm and blues, but also incorporated elements of funk and soul into their sound. The band had their first performance in the club Vox in Belgrade. During 1996, Hush performed across FR Yugoslavia, also performing in Greece. Thanks to their performance at the Marsoni Blues Festival in Senta, Hush got the invitation to perform at the Fifth International Blues, Jazz, Rock and Gastronomic Festival in Hungary. A part of their performance was released on a live album which featured recordings from the festival. In 1996, Popović played slide guitar on Piloti album "Dan koji prolazi zauvek" ("The Day that Is Passing Forever").
During 1998, Hush had over 100 performances, playing in blues clubs and blues festivals. During the same year, they released their debut album, "Hometown", through PGP-RTS. The album was produced by Aleksandar Radosavljević, and featured Vojno Dizdar (electric piano and Hammond organ), Petar "Pera Joe" Miladinović (harmonica), Aleksandar Tomić (tenor saxophone) and Predrag Krstić (trumpet) as guests. Beside the band's own songs, "Hometown" also featured covers of blues standards.
In 1998, Popović went to Netherlands to study jazz guitar, and Hush disbanded.
Solo career (1999 – present).
In 1999, Popović formed Ana Popović Band in The Netherlands. In 2000, she appeared, alongside Eric Burdon, Taj Mahal, Buddy Miles, Double Trouble, Eric Gales and others, on Jimi Hendrix tribute album "Blue Haze: Songs of Jimi Hendrix" with a cover of the song "Belly Button Window". In 2001, she released her solo debut, "Hush!", through the German label Ruf Records. The album was recorded in Memphis, with the members of Ana Popović Band, as well as studio musicians. It was produced by Jim Gaines, who previously worked with Carlos Santana, John Lee Hooker, Alexis Korner and others. The album featured Bernard Allison as guest. The album saw large success, so Popović left her guitar studies, and dedicated herself to performing.
In 2003, Popović released her second album, "Comfort to the Soul". The album, recorded in Memphis and produced by Gaines, featured a fusion of blues, rock, soul and jazz. During the same year, on the Rhythm & Blues Festival in Belgium, she was invited by Solomon Burke to join him on stage, after which she joined him on the rest of the tour as a guest. In 2005, Popović released live album and DVD entitled "Ana!", recorded on January 30, 2005 on her concert in Amsterdam club Melkweg.
In 2007, Popović released the album "Still Making History" through the American record label Eclecto Groove Records. In 2009, she released the album "Blind for Love", and in 2011 the album "Unconditional" through the same label. Both "Still Making History" and "Unconditional" reached number one in the United States "Billboard" Blues Chart.
In 2012, Popović moved to Memphis, Tennessee . Her ninth full-length album entitled "Can You Stand the Heat" is announced to be released through on ArtisteXclusive records in April 2013. The album, produced by Tony Coleman, was recorded with John Williams on bass guitar, Harold Smith on rhythm guitar, Frank Ray Jr. on organ and Tony Coleman on drums. 
Popović performed at the 2013 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival, where she introduced a new project: a nine-piece band under the name Ana Popovic & Mo' Better Love.
In September 2013, Popović signed with Monterey International booking agency. Monterey is exclusively representing Ana Popovic in North America, Canada, Asia and Australia. Popović shares the roster with Buddy Guy, Bonnie Raitt, Dr. John, Jonny Lang, Keb' Mo', Robert Randolph, Taj Mahal and Tedeschi Trucks Band.
In 2014, she was nominated for a Blues Music Award in the 'Contemporary Blues Female Artist of the Year' category.

</doc>
<doc id="2871603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871603" title="John Amaechi">
John Amaechi

John Uzoma Ekwugha Amaechi, OBE (; born November 26, 1970) is an English retired basketball player who currently works as an educator and broadcaster in Europe and the United States.
In February 2007, after his retirement from the NBA, Amaechi became the first former NBA player to come out publicly after doing so in his memoir "Man in the Middle". Since then he has been regarded as "one of the world's most high-profile gay athletes".
Early life.
The son of a Nigerian, Igbo father, Amaechi was born in Boston in the USA. He was raised by his English mother in Heaton Moor, Stockport, England, with his two younger sisters, attending Stockport Grammar School. He first played basketball at the age of 17, coached by Joe Forber, whom he describes as a father figure.
Amaechi moved to the United States to play high school basketball at St. John's Jesuit High School in Toledo, Ohio. He began playing college basketball at Vanderbilt but transferred to Penn State, where he was a two-time First Team Academic All-American selection. While at Penn State, Amaechi became a motivational public speaker and a mentor for area youth.
Playing career.
The 6 ft 10 in, 270 lb (208 cm, 122 kg) center was signed undrafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers in 1995. He played 28 games for the Cleveland Cavaliers during the 1995–1996 season, then played for two years in Europe (France: Cholet, Limoges; Italy: Kinder Bologna; Greece: Panathinaikos; UK: Sheffield Sharks). In the season 1996–1997 he played for Panathinaikos BC. In September 1996 he won the Intercontinental Cup, being the first scorer (alongside Fragiskos Alvertis) of Panathinaikos BC with 59 points in the 3 games of the tournament (18,23,18 pts). In 1997–1998 he played with Kinder Bologna but left mid-season before the Italians won the Euroleague.
He returned to the USA, signing with the Orlando Magic in 1999. With a solid 1999–2000 season, where he averaged 10.5 points in 21.1 minutes per game, he gained fame for scoring the NBA's first points in the year 2000. Before speaking publicly about being gay, Amaechi may have been best known for turning down a $17 million contract offer from the Los Angeles Lakers in 2000, opting to remain in Orlando for $600,000 per year. Amaechi went on to play for the Utah Jazz from 2001 to 2003.
He was traded to the Houston Rockets before the 2003-04 NBA season in exchange for Glen Rice, and, though he was an active player, he did not participate in any games for them. The Rockets later traded him to the New York Knicks.
Post-NBA career.
Amaechi came out of retirement to represent England during the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, helping the England national basketball team win the bronze medal. In all he made 18 caps for England.
Amaechi now has a portfolio career as a broadcaster, consultant and academic, working on coverage of a weekly NBA basketball game on UK television channel "Five" and providing co-commentary for the BBC at the 2008 Olympic Games in addition, Amaechi was a judge on the BBC Series "The Speaker" in 2009. Amaechi is also a regular guest host of the BBC Radio Manchester Business show with Steven Saul
Amaechi owns Amaechi Performance Systems, which is a consultancy working with numerous bluechip brands to improve leadership and communication skills and organisational diversity.
Amaechi is a member of the American Psychological Association, the British Psychological Society (BPS), the BPS Division of Organisational Psychology and the BPS Psychological Testing Centre. Amaechi also became a Senior Fellow at the centre for Emotional Literacy and Personal Development at the University of Central Lancashire (UCLAN) in the United Kingdom.
Amaechi is also involved with the ABC Foundation in Manchester, which encourages children to become involved in sports and their communities by building youth sports centres throughout the United Kingdom. The first such facility, the Amaechi Basketball Centre, was built in Manchester, not far from Amaechi's childhood home of Stockport. The venue is also home to the English Basketball League's Manchester Magic (men) and Manchester Mystics (women), both of which are owned by Amaechi.
In a radio interview, Amaechi said that he was returning to school to get a Ph.D. in psychology. "I want to do something more meaningful in my life," he said. Amaechi also explained why he played for Orlando in 2000 for much less than the $17 million offered to him by the Lakers; his answer was that Orlando had hired him in 1999 when no other team would. "There are many people who are asked what their word is worth, and when people ask me that I can say, 'At least $17 million.'"
Amaechi served as a commentator with Mike Carlson during the 2012 Olympic basketball tournament.
Coming out.
In February 2007, Amaechi spoke about his sexuality on ESPN's "Outside the Lines" program. He also released a book, "Man in the Middle", published by ESPN Books, which discusses his career and life as a closeted professional athlete. Amaechi is the first NBA player to speak publicly about being gay.
Few male team sports members in the United States have come out as gay. Among them are former NFL players Kwame Harris, Wade Davis, Esera Tuaolo, Roy Simmons, and Dave Kopay, and former Major League Baseball players Glenn Burke and Billy Bean. Bean wrote an op-ed in support of Amaechi's decision. In 2013, Jason Collins of the NBA's Washington Wizards revealed he was gay in a "Sports Illustrated" article.
Cyd Zeigler, the co-founder of Outsports.com, a website dedicated to the gay influence in sports, said, "I don't think (Amaechi's declaration) will have any effect on his ability to do that," referring to Amaechi's businesses and charitable work. "You will have some people who will raise an eyebrow," Zeigler added.
In a 2002 interview with "Scotland on Sunday", Amaechi had previously spoken about gays in the NBA: "If you look at our league, minorities aren't very well represented. There's hardly any Hispanic players, no Asian-Americans, so that there's no openly gay players is no real surprise. It would be like an alien dropping down from space. There'd be fear, then panic: they just wouldn't know how to handle it."
In May 2007, a few months after coming out, Amaechi said he had "underestimated America", adding that he had expected the "wrath of a nation" but it never materialized. He made these statements despite having been the subject of death threats a few months earlier.
In August 2008, Amaechi was sent to Beijing to do Olympic Men's and Women's Basketball broadcasts and reporting for the BBC. There, he authored a blog with fellow activist and renowned photographer Jeff Sheng in partnership with Amnesty International. He used Sheng's knowledge of Mandarin and experience in Beijing to get behind the scenes and gather candid interviews with locals and Olympic athletes alike.
In 2008, John Amaechi made several appearances on Shirts & Skins, a reality series on LOGO Television. Amaechi acted as team "mentor" and "psychologist" to the San Francisco Rockdogs, a gay basketball team, and shared his experiences on basketball, life, and coming out. In 2010, Amaechi made public that he had been denied entry to a gay bar in Manchester, allegedly because the doorman felt he was "big, black and could be trouble". He said he was considering legal action.
Reaction from other players.
One widely publicized response to Amaechi's announcement came from former NBA player Tim Hardaway, who stated that he would ask for a gay player to be removed from his team: "First of all I wouldn't want him on my team. Second of all, if he was on my team I would really distance myself from him because I don't think that's right and I don't think he should be in the locker room when we're in the locker room. Something has to give. If you have 12 other ball players in your locker room that's upset and can't concentrate and always worried about him in the locker room or on the court or whatever, it's going to be hard for your teammates to win and accept him as a teammate." Hardaway later apologized for his remarks.
Some players gave Amaechi public support: former Magic teammate Grant Hill said "the fact that John has done this, maybe it will give others the comfort or confidence to come out as well, whether they are playing or retiring." Shaquille O'Neal told the New York "Daily News", "If he was on my team, I guess I would have to protect him from the outsiders, I'm not homophobic or anything. I'm not the type who judges people, I wish him well." Charles Barkley said "It shouldn't be a big deal to anybody. I know I've played with gay players and against gay players and it just shouldn't surprise anybody or be any issue."
However, the prevailing public statements from NBA players tended toward an expression of mixed feelings on the matter. Steven Hunter said that he would accept an openly gay teammate "as long as he [didn't] make any advances toward me. As long as he came to play basketball like a man and conducted himself like a good person, I'd be fine with it." That sentiment was echoed, though less tactfully, by Shavlik Randolph, who said that "as long as you don't bring your gayness on me I'm fine. As far as business-wise, I'm sure I could play with him. But I think it would create a little awkwardness in the locker room." Pat Garrity warned that an openly gay player could expect to face both acceptance and hostility from his teammates. He said that "they would have teammates that would accept them for being a good person and a good teammate, and there would be people who would give him a hard time about it. I think that's true if you're playing basketball or in an office job. That's just how the world is right now." LeBron James said, "With teammates you have to be trustworthy, and if you're gay and you're not admitting that you are, then you are not trustworthy. So that's like the No. 1 thing as teammates — we all trust each other... It's a trust factor, honestly. A big trust factor."
Awards.
Amaechi was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science by Manchester Metropolitan University on July 19, 2007 in recognition of his achievements not only as an athlete and broadcaster, but also for his charitable work with the National Literacy Trust, the NSPCC and the establishment of the ABC Foundation to encourage children to become involved in sport and their community.
Amaechi was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for services to sport and the voluntary sector. He was also conferred with an Honorary Doctorate of Arts by the University of East London.

</doc>
<doc id="2871606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871606" title="Alexander (satrap)">
Alexander (satrap)

Alexander (in Greek Αλέξανδρος; died 220 BC) was brother of Molon. On the accession of the Seleucid king Antiochus III, afterwards called the Great, in 223 BC, he entrusted Alexander with the government of the satrapy of Persis and Molon received Media. Antiochus was then only fifteen years of age, and this circumstance together with the fact that Hermeias, a crafty intriguer whom every one had to fear, was all-powerful at his court, induced the two brothers to form the plan of causing the upper satrapies of the kingdom to revolt. It seems to have been the secret wish of Hermeias to see the king involved as many difficulties as possible, and it was on his advice that the war against the rebels was entrusted to men without courage and ability. In 220 BC, however, Antiochus himself undertook the command. Molon was deserted by his troops, and to avoid falling into the hands of the king, put an end to his own life. All the leaders of the rebellion followed his example, and one of them, who escaped to Persis, killed Molon's mother and children, persuaded Alexander to put an end to his life, and at last killed himself upon the bodies of his friends.

</doc>
<doc id="2871610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871610" title="Edwin Bollier">
Edwin Bollier

Edwin Bollier and his partner, Erwin Meister, founded Mebo Telecommunications AG in Zürich, Switzerland in 1969. 
Radio Nordsee International.
In 1969-70, the partners Meister and Bollier established a commercial radio station, Radio Nordsee International (RNI), in international waters aboard the radio ship "Mebo II", anchored off Scheveningen, Netherlands. Transmissions to Northwest Europe began in January, 1970. By 1971, the station was highly popular, especially in the Netherlands, its programs broadcast simultaneously on mediumwave (105kW), shortwave (two X 10kW), and FM (1kW). After transmissions ceased in 1974, and a lengthy legal battle with the Dutch government over its impounding of the vessel, in 1977 the "Mebo II" sailed for Tripoli, Libya, where it was initially leased to the Libyan government for use as a radio station; then later sunk during military target practice in the Gulf of Sidra. The deal marked the beginning of a long business relationship with Libya.
Pan Am Flight 103 bombing.
MST-13.
Mebo's MST-13 timing device was claimed at the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial in 2000 to have been the trigger for the bomb that brought the aircraft down over Lockerbie in Scotland on 21 December 1988.
In the early stages of the investigation into the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, the Scottish police showed Bollier a photograph of what he said was a brown 8-ply timer fragment, from a prototype timer that was never supplied to Libya. At the Lockerbie trial, Bollier was asked to identify a green 9-ply timer fragment from an MST-13 timer, 20 of which had been delivered to Libya. He wanted to dispute the evidence but trial Judge, Lord Sutherland, did not permit him to do so.
Possibility of co-conspirator charge.
Bollier had rented office space to the Libyan who was convicted of bombing Pan Am Flight 103.
During Bollier's testimony, it was revealed that the prosecution had been considering charging him with the same conspiracy to murder charge as the two Libyans, Megrahi and Fhimah, faced. When the defence protested that they had not been given notice of that position, prosecuting counsel, Alan Turnbull QC, told the court:
As a discouragement to the prosecution, Bollier is alleged to have let it be known before the start of the trial that if he were to be charged for the PA 103 bombing he would call some high-ranking and controversial witnesses to appear, for example: former United States President George H. W. Bush, Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North and Gerrit Pretorius, private secretary to South Africa's former foreign minister Pik Botha.
"$4 million offer" to Bollier.
In October 2007, Bollier told UN-observer Dr Hans Köchler that he was offered $4 million – plus a new identity in the United States – if he would agree to "write in a police statement" that the timer fragment allegedly found at the Pan Am Flight 103 crash site was actually part of a Mebo MST-13 timer that his firm had supplied to Libya. He apparently turned down the offer.
In a BBC documentary screened on 31 August 2008 Bollier claimed that he had been offered $200 million by the Gaddafi government if he could "... get Al Megrahi out of prison". Bollier stated that he was hoping that the Gaddafi government might still pay him this.

</doc>
<doc id="2871613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871613" title="The Jewel of the Nile">
The Jewel of the Nile

The Jewel of the Nile is a 1985 romantic adventure film, and a sequel to the 1984 film "Romancing the Stone", with Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, and Danny DeVito reprising their roles. Directed by Lewis Teague, the film sends its characters off on a new adventure in a fictional African desert, in an effort to find the precious "Jewel of the Nile."
Despite being a box office success, it was a disappointment in critical reviews.
Plot.
Six months after the events in "Romancing the Stone", Joan Wilder (Kathleen Turner) is having trouble writing her next romantic novel while living with Jack Colton (Michael Douglas) on his boat, the Angelina, which is currently docked in a South of France port, and she refuses to discuss marriage. Later that afternoon at a book signing engagement held by her publisher, Gloria (Holland Taylor), Joan meets a charming Arab ruler named Omar (Spiros Focás) who has managed to persuade the world that he is the firm, but fair, ruler of Kadir. Omar offers Joan the opportunity to live like a queen at his palace, while she writes a fluff piece about him. However, as soon as Joan leaves with Omar, Jack runs into Ralph (Danny DeVito). Ralph, a comical swindler from Jack's past, recently out of prison, plans on killing Jack for abandoning him to the authorities in Colombia, but is stopped by an Arab named Tarak (Paul David Magid), who tells Jack of Omar's true intentions. This includes the fact that he has their greatest treasure, the Jewel of the Nile, in his possession. Ralph, immediately interested at the prospect, agrees to help find the Jewel. Jack, however, is less than convinced. But seconds later, the Angelina explodes, having been sabotaged under Omar's orders. He then agrees to team up with Ralph and Tarak in order to track down the lost jewel in Omar's kingdom.
During her stay at his palace, Joan discovers that Omar is a brutal dictator, who imprisons her until she agrees to finish the fluff piece that will introduce him to the world as an enlightened ruler that will unite the Arab world. In the palace jail she meets a holy man, "Al-Julhara" (Arabic for 'The Jewel'), (Avner Eisenberg), who is in fact the Jewel of the Nile. Realizing that he is the only one who can stop Omar, Joan offers to take Al-Julhara to Kadir herself. The pair escape the palace, and with the help of Jack (who hijacks an F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter jet), are able to flee Omar's army into the desert. Ralph, who provides much of the film's comic relief, is left to fend for himself in the desert and thus joins with the rebel Sufi tribe led by Tarak that has sworn to protect the Jewel so he can fulfill his destiny.
After Jack's battle for Joan's hand, with the son of a Nubian mountain African tribe chief, Joan breaks the news to Jack, that the Jewel is in fact Al-Julhara who is the true spiritual leader of the Arab people. Omar plans on using a British rock & roll technician's (Daniel Peacock) smoke and mirrors special effects at an upcoming festival, planned by Omar, to convince the Arab world that he is in fact a prophet that will unite the Arab world under his rule. Jack, Joan and Al-Julhara decide to crash the festival in Kadir and unmask Omar as the fraud that he is. However, they are all captured and Omar sets up an elaborate and fiendish trap from "The Savage Secret", Joan's most popular novel. Jack and Joan are suspended over a deep pit; the ropes holding up Jack are soaked with goat's blood and being rapidly chewed away by rats, while those supporting Joan are slowly being dissolved by drops of acid. Al-Julhara, however, is simply locked up in stocks. As Omar leaves them to their fate, they are found later and inadvertently saved by Ralph, who along with Tarak and his Sufi followers have come to rescue Al-Julhara.
As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people, Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while Tarak and the Sufi battle Omar's guards below. A fire breaks out when part of Omar's platform apparatus crashes into the stage, engulfing it in flames. Jack and Joan are separated in the chaos and Omar corners her at the top of the burning scaffolding surrounding the stage. With help from Ralph, Jack rides a crane to the top of the scaffolding and knocks Omar over the side and down into the flames below just as he is about to kill Joan. Once Omar is killed, Al-Julhara rises as the real spiritual leader and Jack and Joan are finally married by Al-Julhara himself the following day. While he is genuinely happy for Jack and Joan, Ralph laments sadly that once again, he has nothing to show for his efforts. But he is then acknowledged as being a true Sufi by Tarak, signified by being presented with a priceless jeweled dagger. Ralph is genuinely touched and happily accepts the gift. The film ends with Jack and Joan sailing down the Nile as Al-Julhara and his people, along with Ralph, Tarak, the Sufi and Gloria wave goodbye from the river's dock.
Response.
While "The Jewel of the Nile" grossed more than its predecessor, the film was much less successful critically and helped to effectively kill the franchise, although it was said at the time that both Kathleen Turner and Michael Douglas only made the sequel because they were contractually obligated to do so. At one point during pre-production, Turner tried to back out of the project, and 20th Century Fox threatened her with a $25 million lawsuit. Turner, Douglas, and DeVito would later reunite in the unrelated film "The War of the Roses".
Critics felt the film was loaded with numerous plot holes and that it lacked the first film's original charm. "The New York Times" opened its review by writing, "There's nothing in "The Jewel of the Nile" that wasn't funnier or more fanciful in "Romancing the Stone"." Roger Ebert agreed that "it is not quite the equal of "Romancing the Stone"," but praised the interplay between Douglas and Turner. "It seems clear," he wrote, "that they like each other and are having fun during the parade of ludicrous situations in the movie, and their chemistry is sometimes more entertaining than the contrivances of the plot."
Soundtrack.
"When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going", performed by Billy Ocean, plays during the film's end credits. Douglas, Turner, and DeVito also co-starred with Ocean in the MTV music video of the same name. The soundtrack features 1980s rap group Whodini and their single "The Freaks Come Out at Night" as Michael Douglas and company make their way through the desert on camel back as well as "Party (No Sheep Is Safe Tonight)" by The Willesden Dodgers during the campfire party scene.
Production notes.
As with the first film, the novelization of the sequel was credited to Joan Wilder, the character played by Kathleen Turner; both books were actually ghost written by Catherine Lanigan. 
Approximately two weeks before principal photography began, a plane carrying Richard Dawking (production designer) and Brian Coates (production manager) crashed during location scouting over the countryside of Morocco, killing all on board.
The film is dedicated to the memory of Dawking and Coates, as well as Diane Thomas.
"The Jewel of the Nile" was the final film released on the RCA SelectaVision CED video format.

</doc>
<doc id="2871615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871615" title="Arivaca, Arizona">
Arivaca, Arizona

Arivaca (O'odham: Ali Wa:pk) is an unincorporated community in Pima County, Arizona, United States. It is located north of the Mexican border and northwest of the port of entry at Nogales. The European-American history of the area dates back at least to 1695, although the community was not founded until 1878. Arivaca has the ZIP code 85601. The 85601 ZIP Code Tabulation Area had a population of 909 at the 2000 census.
The Arivaca community lies on the north side of the Arivaca Creek valley at an elevation of . The Las Guijas Mountains rise to the northwest and the foothills of the San Luis Mountains are to the south. A unit of the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge occupies the Arivaca Creek valley to the southeast of the town.
Arivaca Road connects with I-19 at Amado about to the northeast and with Arizona State Route 286 some to the west in Altar Valley.
History.
Eighteenth century.
The early history of Arivaca is obscure. It was probably a Pima or Tohono O'odham village, abandoned after the Pima Indian Revolt of 1751. Spanish settlers developed small mines.
Nineteenth century.
In 1833 a Mexican land grant of was approved, which became La Aribac ranch, a Pima word for "small springs". Charles Poston bought the ranch in 1856, and the reduction works for the Heintzelman Mine, at Cerro Colorado, were then erected at Arivaca. The Court of Private Land Claims eventually disallowed the Arivaca Land Grant. The US Post Office was established April 10, 1878, with Noah W. Bernard as the first Postmaster; still in operation at ZIP code 85601. Freighter and rancher Pedro Aguirre established a stage stop in Arivaca and the Buenos Aires Ranch. In 1879 he built a school in Arivaca. This school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012, as the oldest standing schoolhouse in Arizona.
Twentieth century.
Arivaca was a camp for at least three United States Cavalry units during the 1910-20 Mexican Revolution: Troop B of the Connecticut National Guard/The First Company Governor's Horse Guards (1916), the Utah Cavalry (1917) and the 10th Cavalry (1917–20).
Arivaca mining district.
The historic Arivaca mining district consists of over 100 mines working in the Las Guijas Mountains northwest, the San Luis Mountains to the southwest and Cobre Ridge to the southeast of the town. Gold, silver, lead, copper and tungsten production has been recorded starting in Spanish colonial times and continuing intermittently through the 1950s.
Immigration problems.
In May 2007, Arivaca became a flash point for US immigration policy. Part of a travel corridor for a large volume of illegal migrant and drug smuggler traffic, Arivaca is at one end of Project 28, the test of SBInet. SBInet is the effort by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Boeing Corporation to secure US land borders using technology. It involves high towers with radar and cameras that send information to bases in Tucson and Sells, where directions are sent out to specially equipped Border Patrol vehicles about targets for apprehension. Project 28 is the effort to test this strategy on a stretch flanking the border on either side of Sasabe. There will be two towers on the Tohono O'Odham Nation west of the Baboquivari Mountains and 7 towers in the Altar Valley and southwest of Arivaca.
Arivaca is home to Arivaca Boys Ranch, where 30 troubled teenage boys reside and seek treatment.
On May 30, 2009, Raul Flores and his 9-year-old daughter, Brisenia, were killed in a home-invasion in Arivaca by a group of anti-immigration activists. The murderer was sentenced to death in early 2011. As of 2014, there was a U.S. Border Patrol interior checkpoint being operated in the town, which was the subject of an ACLU of Arizona complaint, alleging both that the checkpoints are abusive and that agents unlawfully restricted the activities of protesters and photographers documenting their activities.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Arivaca has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="2871619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871619" title="Manteigas Municipality">
Manteigas Municipality

Manteigas () is a town and a municipality in Portugal with a total area of 125.0 km² and a total population of 4,002 inhabitants.
The municipality is composed of 4 parishes, and is located in Guarda District; in Centro Region and Beira Interior Norte Subregion, Comunidade urbana: Beiras. It is located in the Serra da Estrela Mountain, the highest elevation in mainland Portugal. 
Cities nearby: Guarda, Seia, Gouveia and Covilhã.
The present Mayor is Esmeraldo Saraiva Neto Carvalhinho, elected by the Socialist Party.
The municipal holiday is March 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2871627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871627" title="Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.">
Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.

Bloemfontein Celtic is a South African football (soccer) club based in Bloemfontein that plays in the Premier Soccer League.
Bloemfontein Celtic has a large fan base in the Free State. "Siwelele", as Celtic's supporters are known, are arguably the most passionate in South Africa.
History.
The club was founded in 1969 as Mangaung United FC. In 1984 businessman Petros Molemela took over the club and changed the name to "Bloemfontein Celtic" (after Celtic F.C.). In November 2001, after the relegation of "Phunya Sele Sele", Molemela sold his shares in the club to Demetri "Jimmy" Augousti, a former Celtic player.
After only three years out of the top-flight, the club regained its PSL status with an impressive season in 2003-04 when they were crowned First Division champions. They also managed to win the 2005 SAA Supa 8 and the 2007 Telkom Charity Cup.
In 2009 they formed a partnership with Portuguese club Sporting CP, that included the creation of a youth academy, based in the capital of the Free State.
2013–14 First team squad.
"As of 10 April 2014"
Foreigners.
In the South African PSL, only five non-South African nationals can be registered. Foreign players who have acquired permanent residency can be registered as locals. Namibians born before 1990 can be registered as South Africans.

</doc>
<doc id="2871629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871629" title="Pack journalism">
Pack journalism

Pack journalism is the characterization of news reporting as having become homogeneous. The term was coined by Timothy Crouse.
Pack journalism occurs because the reporters often rely on one another for news tips or are all similarly dependent on a single source for access (which is often the very person they are covering). A type of groupthink occurs, as the journalists are constantly aware of what the others are reporting and an informal consensus emerges on what is newsworthy. 
Entire news organizations may engage in pack journalism practices. For example, pack journalism can occur when a news organization decides to make a particular story the lead story only because other news organizations are doing so. 
The media coverage of the 1972 presidential election campaigns is the most famous example. The coverage of the campaigns was deplored in depth by both Timothy Crouse in his 1973 book "The Boys on the Bus", and by Hunter S. Thompson in "Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72".

</doc>
<doc id="2871637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871637" title="Clorinda">
Clorinda

Clorinda or Clorinde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2871639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871639" title="You (Shaznay Lewis song)">
You (Shaznay Lewis song)

"You" is Shaznay Lewis' second single from the "Open" album and was released 2004. It peaked in the UK charts at #56.

</doc>
<doc id="2871644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871644" title="Information Hyperlinked over Proteins">
Information Hyperlinked over Proteins

Information Hyperlinked over Proteins (or iHOP) is an online service that provides a gene-guided network to access PubMed abstracts. By using genes and proteins as hyperlinks between sentences and abstracts, the information in PubMed can be converted into one navigable resource.
Navigating across interrelated sentences within this network rather than the use of conventional keyword searches allows for stepwise and controlled acquisition of information. Moreover, this literature network can be superimposed upon experimental interaction data to facilitate the simultaneous analysis of novel and existing knowledge. The network presented in iHOP currently contains 28.4 million sentences and 110,000 genes from over 2,700 organisms, including "Homo sapiens", "Mus musculus", "Drosophila melanogaster", "Caenorhabditis elegans", "Danio rerio", "Arabidopsis thaliana", "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" and "Escherichia coli".
The system was published in "Nature Genetics" 36, 664 (2004) as 'A gene network for navigating the literature'.

</doc>
<doc id="2871652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871652" title="Eytan Schwartz">
Eytan Schwartz

Eytan Schwartz won the first season of "The Ambassador," a popular Israeli reality TV show that focused on creating better PR for Israel.
Biography.
Eytan Schwartz was born in New York City and emigrated to Israel with his family when he was 7. From a young age, Eytan showed an interest in the performing arts, and participated in various plays. He was also a member of a children's choir and performed with the Israeli Opera. Eytan's interest in the arts continued throughout his teens; he attended the Thelma Yellin High School for the performing arts as a drama major and played the lead role in the Israeli national production of Neil Simon's "Lost in Yonkers."
After graduating high school, Eytan's interest in entertainment took another turn as he joined the Israeli Army and served as an entertainment correspondent for the Military Radio Station, Galei Zahal. 
After completing four years of service, Eytan traveled to Paris and joined a local theatre group. His next stop was New York City, where he attended Columbia University and received a B.A in Anthropology summa cum laude. He also acted in several theatrical productions.
Entertainment years.
Upon returning to Israel, Eytan joined The Israeli Children's Television Network and served as editor and reporter on a daily news show for children. He then became an entertainment reporter on a daily entertainment news show on Israeli cable television. 
In September 2004 Eytan joined "The Ambassador," a ground-breaking reality show that focused on creating better PR for Israel. During the following 4 months, Eytan competed with 13 other men and women on the right to represent Israel abroad with an NYC-based advocacy group, Israel at Heart. Finally, in a show aired to unprecedented ratings on February 20, 2005, Eytan won the contest, and began working for "Israel at Heart" in April 2005.
In March 2005, American journalist David Kaufman published an article about Schwartz in New York magazine, in which he referred to Schwartz as the Bill Rancic of Israel.
Schwartz was the spokesperson for C.A.R.D., the Committee for Advancement of Refugees from Darfur and a project manager for Tel Aviv's Centennial celebrations.
In 2013, he ran on the Labor Party list in the Knesset elections 

</doc>
<doc id="2871653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871653" title="Megantereon">
Megantereon

Megantereon was a genus of prehistoric machairodontine saber-toothed cat that lived in North America, Eurasia, and Africa. It may have been the ancestor of "Smilodon".
Fossil range.
Fossil fragments have been found in Africa, Eurasia, and North America. The oldest confirmed records of "Megantereon" are known from the Pliocene of North America and are dated to about 4.5 Million years. About 3-3.5 Million years ago, it is firmly recorded also from Africa (for example, in Kenya), about 2.5 to 2 Million years ago also from Asia. In Europe the oldest remains are known from Les Etouaries (France), a site which is now dated to less than 2.5 Million years old. Therefore a North American origin of "Megantereon" has been suggested. However, recent findings of fragmentary fossils from Kenya and Chad, which are dated to about 5.7 and 7 Million years, respectively, are probably from "Megantereon". If these identifications are right, they would represent the oldest "Megantereon" fossils in the world. The new findings therefore indicate an origin of "Megantereon" in the Late Miocene of Africa.
At the end of the Pliocene it evolved into the larger "Smilodon" in North America, while it survived in the Old World until the middle Pleistocene. The youngest remains of "Megantereon" from east Africa are about 1.5 million years old. In southern Africa, the genus is recorded from Elandsfontein, a site dated to around 700,000-400,000 years old. Remains from Untermaßfeld show that "Megantereon" lived until 900,000 years ago in Europe. In Asia, it may have survived until 500,000 years ago, as it is recorded together with "Homo erectus" at the famous site of Zho-Khou-Dien in China. The only full skeleton was found in Senéze, France.
Description.
"Megantereon" was built like a large modern jaguar, but somewhat heavier. It had stocky forelimbs with the lower half of these forelimbs lion-sized. It had large neck muscles designed to deliver a powerful shearing bite. The elongated upper canines were protected by flanges at the mandible. Mauricio Anton's reconstruction in "The big cats and their fossil relatives" depicts the full specimen found at Seneze in France as at the shoulder. The largest specimens, with an estimated body weight of (average ), are known from India. Medium sized species of "Megantereon" are known from other parts of Eurasia and the Pliocene of North America. The smallest species from Africa and the lower Pleistocene of Europe have been estimated to only . However, these estimations were obtained from comparisons of the carnassial teeth. Younger estimations, which are based on the postcranial skeleton, lead to body weights of about for the smaller specimens. In agreement with that, more recent sources estimated "Megantereon" from the European lower Pleistocene at .
Palaeobiology.
In Europe, Megantereon may have preyed on larger artiodactyls, horses or the young of rhinos and elephants. It is unlikely that "Megantereon" simply bit its prey as the long, sabre-teeth that "Smilodon" is famed for are not strong enough to leave buried inside a struggling prey animal: the teeth would break off. It is possible that they bit their prey and then allowed it to bleed to death, but then they would have to protect that animal from other predators and thus their tactic for killing remains uncertain. It is now generally thought that "Megantereon", like other saber-toothed cats, used its long saber teeth to deliver a killing throat bite, severing most of the major nerves and blood vessels. While the teeth would still risk damage, the prey animal would be killed quickly enough that any struggles would be feeble at best.
Species.
The number of species is unclear, with some known from only fragmentary evidence.
Some researchers have argued that three species should be distinguished: "M. cultridens" from North America, Asia (except the Indian subcontinent) and the European Pliocene, "M. whitei" from Africa and the European Lower Pleistocene and "M. falconeri" from India. Therefore, the true number of species may be less than the full list of described species reproduced below.
Popular culture.
"Megantereon" was depicted in a Discovery Channel TV Series, "Before We Ruled the Earth", as a nocturnal hunter that preyed on "Homo ergaster".
A painting that depicts how "Megantereon" may have looked is available at: Geist, Valerius, "Ice Age Giants," "Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia", p. 24, here.

</doc>
<doc id="2871658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871658" title="Holla Back">
Holla Back

Hollaback! is a photoblog and grassroots initiative to raise awareness about and combat street harassment by posting photographs and narrative accounts of individuals' encounters with offenders. Altogether, Hollaback! is run by local activists in 71 cities, 24 countries, and operates in 12 languages.
In May 2010, co-founder Emily May became Hollaback!'s first full-time executive director, and the organization successfully raised close to $15,000 on the internet fundraising platform, Kickstarter, to fund the development and release of the Hollaback! iPhone application. Since then, the organization has received funding from New York Women’s Foundation, the Ms. Foundation, the Instructional Telecommunications Foundation, and the New York City Government.
History.
Seven New York City residents, four women and three men, founded the organization in 2005 after a well-publicized occurrence of street harassment prompted them to discuss their own encounters. After being ignored by the police, a woman named Thao Nguyen uploaded a photo she had taken of the man who had intentionally masturbated across from her on the subway. This photo appeared on the front page of the New Year Daily News, and inspired the seven New York City residents to apply this same method to all forms of street harassment. The women told story after story of their experiences with street harassment, experiences that were surprising to the men in the group because they had never dealt with harassment of that kind. They collectively decided to do something about the issue of street harassment, an issue that affects women, girls, and LGBTQ individuals every day.
Hollaback! has held many events around the world designed to raise awareness about street harassment, including film screenings, lectures, demonstrations, and book talks.
On October 28, 2010, the New York City Council held the first hearing ever on street harassment. Council Member Julissa Ferreras, who chairs the Women’s Issues Committee, called the hearing in order to stress the importance of joining forces in order to take action specifically in New York City. Each panelist recommended three steps towards eliminating street harassment: 1) A citywide study, focusing on the impact of street harassment and girls; 2) a citywide public information campaign that educates all genders and ages that harassment is unacceptable is the second point of action proposed; and 3) establishing “harassment-free zones” in schools in order to raise awareness and support of the movement. Emily May was among the speakers at the hearing; she encouraged women to speak out against street harassment.
After this hearing, New York City legislators invested $28,500 in Hollaback!. This investment gave the organization the infrastructure needed to report street harassment incidents to New York City's 311 information system.
As of August 2012, multiple branches of the Hollaback! blog exist in other U.S. cities including Atlanta, Baltimore, Berkeley, Houston, Des Moines, Chicago, Columbia, Philadelphia and Portland.
International Leadership Development.
In January 2011, Hollaback! scaled internationally. As of December 2013, the organization has sites in seventy one cities in twenty four countries.
Prior to launching a new site, site leaders are first trained by Hollaback! employees so that they will have the skills necessary to operate their own blog. Future site leaders are given the chance to interact with one another and the Hollaback! team, host events, and build partnerships with community members and media outlets. Even after site leaders successfully launch their own branch of the organization, they remain active participants in the Hollaback! community. The various branches work in coalition to further develop the organization, translate the Hollaback! website, and create shared resources. In addition, site leaders receive monthly training in topics ranging from blogging to rape culture to holding events.
'I’ve Got Your Back Bystander Campaign.
Hollaback! has partnered with the bystander program Green Dot to give people strategies for intervening when they see street harassment taking place. Oftentimes, women and LGBTQ individuals get harassed and/or assaulted in public spaces while bystanders look on. Through the “I’ve Got Your Back” campaign, Hollaback! is hoping to inspire more people to do something about street harassment when they see it happening. This way, the target of the street harassment is empowered by the support of others, and he/she may be less likely to suffer further.
College Initiative.
The Hollaback! “College Initiative” is a campaign that aims to end sexual harassment on college campuses. To do this, Hollaback! will give students the means to submit their experiences of harassment through the free iPhone and Droid apps, as well as their campus-specific Hollaback! website, which will link to a mapping system that will allow Hollaback! to track incidents of campus harassment. Hollaback! will use the mapping system to demonstrate the impact of harassment to campus staff and administrators.
When victims of harassment share their experiences on the Hollaback! website, their stories are read by hundreds of other people. Reading about incidents of harassment has often inspired individuals to become enraged and seek change. The “College Initiative,” like the initial Hollaback! mission, “will create a safe, action-oriented response to campus harassment and assault. By using data to establish the case against campus harassment, Hollaback!’s social change efforts will ultimately result in significant improvements in campus policy and a reduction in sexual harassment against students.”

</doc>
<doc id="2871666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871666" title="Operation Care">
Operation Care

Operation Care was the name given to a police investigation concerning widespread "allegations" of Historical child sexual abuse in children's homes in the Merseyside district of England.
The investigation carried on, despite claims that police used 'trawling' methods to dig up evidence.
Trawling was stopped following the Home Affairs Select Committee findings.
Trawling continued under the title of 'dip-sampling' 
As a result a number of people were convicted as a result of the investigations, and some convictions stand. Survivors who gave evidence have been accused of being motivated by possible compensation.
Dave Jones (Footballer & manager) in his autobiography "No Smoke, No Fire" details the terrible suffering caused to innocent ex care workers due to false accusations made as a result of the 'trawling' methods used.

</doc>
<doc id="2871667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871667" title="Never Felt Like This Before">
Never Felt Like This Before

"Never Felt Like This Before", Shaznay Lewis's first single from the "Open" album, was released 2004. It peaked in the UK charts at number 8.
Video.
"Never Felt Like This Before" is set in a nightclub setting with Shaznay performing and with episodes of her love affairs intermixed with the performance.

</doc>
<doc id="2871680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871680" title="XLink Kai">
XLink Kai

XLink Kai is a method developed by Team-XLink for online play of certain System Link compatible video games. It enables players on the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Xbox and Xbox 360 to play games across the Internet using a network configuration that simulates a world-wide local area network (LAN). It notably also allows original Xbox games to be played online again following the Xbox Live shutdown on April 21 2010 (similar to that of Save Nintendo Wi-Fi for the Wii).
Summary.
XLink Kai is tunneling software which acts as a proprietary LAN network (it 'tricks' the servers into believing it is a LAN) to connect users from all over the world, creating a free online gaming network. For XLink Kai to work, the Kai client program must be installed and running on a compatible Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, or Linux device.
For modified ("modded") Xbox consoles, much of the functionality can be provided directly within the Xbox Media Center (XBMC) GUI. The Kai client is still required to be running on a computer on the user's network, but players can control connections directly through the console. It is also possible to run the Kai client on other Linux-based devices, such as wireless routers or NAS devices running third party firmware replacements such as DD-WRT or SlugOS.
Usage.
Users log onto XLink's servers using a "XTag" username, similar to a "Gamertag" for Xbox Live. XLink has "Arenas" for each compatible System Link game, with more popular games such as Halo 2 having sub-arenas based on regions within them as an attempt to minimize lag. Players in these arenas will be automatically synced to each other, simulating a LAN connection and thus able to play games normally using System Link functions. In addition to Game Arenas, Kai has a general chat room and a Quarantine Arena in which moderators can isolate abusive players. XLink also lets players create their own self-moderated Private Arenas.
Features.
Xlink Kai supports Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Xbox and Xbox 360 LAN enabled games. It features integrated chat lobbies in which players can meet and converse prior to starting a game session. Clan, tournament and ladder lobbies are also integrated for some games. A list of compatible games can be found on the Team-XLink website. Special considerations have been made for the Xbox 360, which is designed by Microsoft to be incompatible with this kind of software. The console will automatically drop connections if the ping is > 30 milliseconds in a system link connection. However a patch has been released to bypass this limit on modified consoles. At one point support for the Nintendo DS was planned, but was never completed.
XBMC for Microsoft's Xbox console has a control client for XLink Kai that allows control of the XLink Kai software program from the user's Xbox via XBMC GUI. MC360 is a skin for XBMC by Blackbolt that gives the XLink Kai client (XBMC-Live) a familiar interface resembling the Xbox 360's factory dashboard and Xbox Live's connectivity for friends, arenas, etc. XLink Kai was removed from XBMC builds 14099 and later.

</doc>
<doc id="2871685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2871685" title="Cubeb">
Cubeb

Cubeb ("Piper cubeba"), or tailed pepper, or shital chini / kabab chini in Hindi is a plant in genus "Piper", cultivated for its fruit and essential oil. It is mostly grown in Java and Sumatra, hence sometimes called Java pepper. The fruits are gathered before they are ripe, and carefully dried. Commercial cubebs consist of the dried berries, similar in appearance to black pepper, but with stalks attached – the "tails" in "tailed pepper". The dried pericarp is wrinkled, and its color ranges from grayish-brown to black. The seed is hard, white and oily. The odor of cubebs is described as agreeable and aromatic and the taste as pungent, acrid, slightly bitter and persistent. It has been described as tasting like allspice, or like a cross between allspice and black pepper.
Cubeb came to Europe via India through the trade with the Arabs. The name "cubeb" comes from Arabic "" (), which is of unknown origin, by way of Old French "quibibes". Cubeb is mentioned in alchemical writings by its Arabic name. In his "Theatrum Botanicum", John Parkinson tells that the king of Portugal prohibited the sale of cubeb in order to promote black pepper ("Piper nigrum") around 1640. It experienced a brief resurgence in 19th-century Europe for medicinal uses, but has practically vanished from the European market since. It continues to be used as a flavoring agent for gins and cigarettes in the West, and as a seasoning for food in Indonesia.
History.
In the 4th century BC, Theophrastus mentioned "komakon", including it with cinnamon and cassia as an ingredient in aromatic confections. Guillaume Budé and Claudius Salmasius have identified "komakon" with cubeb, probably due to the resemblance which the word bears to the Javanese name of cubeb, "kumukus". This is seen as a curious evidence of Greek trade with Java in a time earlier than that of Theophrastus. It is unlikely Greeks acquired them from somewhere else, since Javanese growers protected their monopoly of the trade by sterilizing the berries by scalding, ensuring that the vines were unable to be cultivated elsewhere.
In the Tang Dynasty, cubeb was brought to China from Srivijaya. In India the spice came to be called "kabab chini", that is, "Chinese cubeb", possibly because the Chinese had a hand in its trade, but more likely because it was an important item in the trade with China. In China this pepper was called both "vilenga", and "vidanga", the cognate Sanskrit word. Li Hsun thought it grew on the same tree as black pepper. Tang physicians administered it to restore appetite, cure "demon vapors", darken the hair, and perfume the body. However, there is no evidence showing that cubeb was used as a condiment in China.
"The Book of One Thousand and One Nights", compiled in the 9th century, mentions cubeb as a remedy for infertility, showing it was already used by Arabs for medicinal purposes. Cubeb was introduced to Arabic cuisine around the 10th century. "The Travels of Marco Polo", written in late 13th century, describes Java as a producer of cubeb, along with other valuable spices. In the 14th century, cubeb was imported into Europe from the Grain Coast, under the name of pepper, by merchants of Rouen and Lippe. A 14th-century morality tale exemplifying gluttony by the Franciscan writer Francesc Eiximenis describes the eating habits of a worldly cleric who consumes a bizarre concoction of egg yolks with cinnamon and cubeb after his baths, probably as an aphrodisiac. 
Cubeb was thought by the people of Europe to be repulsive to demons, just as it was by the people of China. Ludovico Maria Sinistrari, a Catholic priest who wrote about methods of exorcism in the late 17th century, includes cubeb as an ingredient in an incense to ward off incubus. Even today, his formula for the incense is quoted by neopagan authors, some of whom also claim that cubeb can be used in love sachets and spells.
After the prohibition of sale, culinary use of cubeb decreased dramatically in Europe, and only its medicinal application continued to the 19th century. In the early 20th century, cubeb was regularly shipped from Indonesia to Europe and the United States. The trade gradually diminished to an average of annually, and practically ceased after 1940.
Chemistry.
The dried cubeb berries contain essential oil consisting monoterpenes (sabinene 50%, α-thujene, and carene) and sesquiterpenes (caryophyllene, copaene, α- and β-cubebene, δ-cadinene, germacrene), the oxides 1,4- and 1,8-cineole and the alcohol cubebol. 
About 15% of a volatile oil is obtained by distilling cubebs with water. Cubebene, the liquid portion, has the formula C15H24. It is a pale green or blue-yellow viscous liquid with a warm woody, slightly camphoraceous odor. After rectification with water, or on keeping, this deposits rhombic crystals of camphor of cubebs. 
Cubebin (C10H10O3) is a crystalline substance existing in cubebs, discovered by Eugène Soubeiran and Capitaine in 1839. It may be prepared from cubebene, or from the pulp left after the distillation of the oil. The drug, along with gum, fatty oils, and malates of magnesium and calcium, contains also about 1% of cubebic acid, and about 6% of a resin. The dose of the fruit is 30 to 60 grains, and the British Pharmacopoeia contains a tincture with a dose of 4 to 1 dram.
Uses.
Medicinal.
In India, Sanskrit texts included cubeb in various remedies. Charaka and Sushruta prescribed a cubeb paste as a mouthwash, and the use of dried cubebs internally for oral and dental diseases, loss of voice, halitosis, fevers, and cough. Unani physicians use a paste of the cubeb berries externally on male and female genitals to intensify sexual pleasure during coitus. Due to this attributed property, cubeb was called ""Habb-ul-Uruus"". 
In traditional Chinese medicine cubeb is used for its alleged warming property. In Tibetan medicine, cubeb ("ka ko la" in Tibetan) is one of "bzang po drug", six fine herbs beneficial to specific organs in the body, with cubeb assigned to the spleen. 
Arab physicians of the Middle Ages were usually versed in alchemy, and cubeb was used, under the name "kababa", when preparing the water of "al butm". "The Book of One Thousand and One Nights" mentions cubeb as a main ingredient in making an aphrodisiac remedy for infertility:
The mixture, called "seed-thickener", is given to Shams-al-Din, a wealthy merchant who had no child, with the instruction that he must eat the paste two hours before having intercourse with his wife. According to the story, the merchant did get the child he desired after following these instructions. Other Arab authors wrote that cubeb rendered the breath fragrant, cured affections of the bladder, and that eating it "enhances the delight of coitus". 
In 1654, Nicholas Culpeper wrote in the "London Dispensatorie" that cubebs were "hot and dry in the third degree... (snip) they cleanse the head of flegm and strengthen the brain, they heat the stomach and provoke lust". A later edition in 1826 informed the reader that "the Arabs call them "Quabebe", and "Quabebe Chine": they grow plentifully in Java, they stir up venery. (snip) ...and are very profitable for cold griefs of the womb". 
The modern use of cubeb in England as a drug dates from 1815. There were various preparations, including oleum cubebae (oil of cubeb), tinctures, fluid extracts, oleo-resin compounds, and vapors, which were used for throat complaints. A small percentage of cubeb was commonly included in lozenges designed to alleviate bronchitis, in which the antiseptic and expectoral properties of the drug are useful. The most important therapeutic application of this drug, however, was in treating gonorrhea, where its antiseptic action was of much value. William Wyatt Squire wrote in 1908 that cubebs "act specifically on the genito-urinary mucous membrane. (They are) given in all stages of gonorrhea". As compared with copaiba in this connection cubeb has the advantages of being less disagreeable to take and somewhat less likely to disturb the digestive apparatus in prolonged administration.
The volatile oil, "oleum cubebae", was the form in which cubeb is most commonly used as a drug, the dose being 5 to 20 minims, which may be suspended in mucilage or given after meals in a wafer. The drug exhibited the typical actions of a volatile oil, but exerted some of these to an exceptional degree. As such, it was liable to cause a cutaneous erythema in the course of its excretion by the skin, had a marked diuretic action, and was a fairly efficient disinfectant of the urinary passages. Its administration caused the appearance in the urine of a salt of cubebic acid which was precipitated by heat or nitric acid, and was therefore liable to be mistaken for albumin, when these two most common tests for the occurrence of albuminuria were applied.
"The National Botanic Pharmacopoeia" printed in 1921 tells that cubeb was "an excellent remedy for flour albus or whites."
Culinary.
In Europe, cubeb was one of the valuable spices during the Middle Ages. It was ground as a seasoning for meat or used in sauces. A medieval recipe includes cubeb in making "sauce sarcenes", which consists of almond milk and several spices. As an aromatic confectionery, cubeb was often candied and eaten whole. Ocet Kubebowy, a vinegar infused with cubeb, cumin and garlic, was used for meat marinades in Poland during the 14th century. Cubeb can still be used to enhance the flavor of savory soups.
Cubeb reached Africa by way of the Arabs. In Moroccan cuisine, cubeb is used in savory dishes and in pastries like "markouts", little diamonds of semolina with honey and dates. It also appears occasionally in the list of ingredients for the famed spice mixture "Ras el hanout". In Indonesian cuisine, especially in Indonesian gulés (curries), cubeb is frequently used.
Cigarettes and spirits.
Cubeb was frequently used in the form of cigarettes for asthma, chronic pharyngitis and hay fever. Edgar Rice Burroughs, being fond of smoking cubeb cigarettes, humorously stated that if he had not smoked so many cubebs, there might never have been "Tarzan". "Marshall's Prepared Cubeb Cigarettes" was a popular brand, with enough sales to still be made during World War II. Occasionally, marijuana users claimed that smoking marijuana is no more harmful than smoking cubeb. In the musical "The Music Man", set in rural Iowa in 1912, the character Harold Hill alarms parents by telling this that their sons are trying out cubeb cigarettes at the notorious pool hall in the song "Trouble".
Cubeb oil was included in the list of ingredients found in cigarettes, published by the Tobacco Prevention and Control Branch of North Carolina's Department of Health and Human Services.
Bombay Sapphire gin is flavored with botanicals including cubeb and grains of paradise. The brand was launched in 1987, but its maker claims that it is based on a secret recipe dating to 1761. Pertsovka, a dark brown Russian pepper vodka with a burning taste, is prepared from infusion of cubeb and capsicum peppers.
Other.
Cubeb is sometimes used to adulterate the essential oil of Patchouli, which requires caution for Patchouli users. In turn, cubeb is adulterated by "Piper baccatum" (also known as the "climbing pepper of Java") and "Piper caninum". 
Cubeb berries are used in love-drawing magic spells by practitioners of hoodoo, an African-American form of folk magic.
In 2000, Shiseido, a well-known Japanese cosmetics company, patented a line of anti-aging products containing formulas made from several herbs, including cubeb. 
In 2001, the Swiss company Firmenich patented cubebol, a compound found in cubeb oil, as a cooling and refreshing agent. The patent describes application of cubebol as a refreshing agent in various products, ranging from chewing gum to sorbets, drinks, toothpaste, and 
gelatin-based confectioneries.

</doc>
