<doc id="2853176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853176" title="Friedrich von Hügel">
Friedrich von Hügel

Friedrich von Hügel (born "Friedrich Maria Aloys Franz Karl Freiherr von Hügel", usually known as "Baron von Hügel"; 5 May 1852 – 27 January 1925) was an influential Austrian Roman Catholic layman, religious writer, Modernist theologian and Christian apologist.
Life and work.
Friedrich von Hügel was born in Florence, Italy, in 1852, to Charles von Hügel, who was serving as Austrian ambassador to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, and a Scottish mother, Elizabeth Farquharson, who was a convert to Roman Catholicism. Friedrich was educated privately, and moved with his family to England in 1867 when he was fifteen, where he remained for the rest of his life. It has been suggested that Count Felix Sumarokov-Elston, an ataman of the Kuban Cossacks, was his elder brother; but as the Count was born in 1820 this is impossible, and the Count is more likely to have been his uncle, the son of von Hügel's father.
In 1873 he married Lady Mary Catherine Herbert (1849–1935), daughter of the statesman Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea, by Elizabeth Ash à Court-Repington, an ardent convert to Catholicism and philanthropist. Mary, like von Hügel's mother and her own, was also a convert. The couple had three daughters: Gertrude (1877–1915), Hildegarde (1879–1926), and Thekla (1886–1970), who became a Carmelite nun. He remained an Austrian citizen until he found himself to be a "hostile alien" after England declared war with Austria in August 1914. He applied for naturalization and received it in December of the same year.
He was a Baron of the Holy Roman Empire (an inherited title), and a frequent visitor to Rome. A self-taught biblical scholar, a linguist with a fluency in French, German and Italian as well as his adopted English, and a master of many subjects, he never held office in the Catholic Church, or an academic post, nor did he ever earn a university degree. However, he is often mentioned alongside John Henry Newman as one of the most influential Catholic thinkers of his day. The scope of his learning was impressive and the list of his correspondents reads like a "who's who" of nineteenth- and early twentieth-century European religious leadership (for example, Alfred Loisy, Maurice Blondel, George Tyrrell, Evelyn Underhill and Maude Petre). Von Hügel did much to bring the work of the philosophers Ernst Troeltsch and Rudolf Christoph Eucken to the attention of the English-speaking public, despite the hostility during and after the First World War to all things German.
When the University of Oxford granted him an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree in 1920, it was the first time since the Reformation that a Roman Catholic had been so honored by that university — the University of St. Andrews, where the von Hügel archives are now located, awarded him an honorary degree in 1914.
Baron von Hügel was deeply engaged in theological discussions with a wide group of scholars associated with the turn-of-the-century Modernist controversy. His scholarly concerns included the relationship of Christianity to history, ecumenism, mysticism, the philosophy of religion, and the rejection of much of the immanentism in nineteenth-century theology. Under Pope Pius X, prompted by conservatives such as Cardinal Rafael Merry del Val, there was a backlash against many of the Modernist thinkers, and von Hügel attempted to negotiate a middle way of restraint, while remaining true to the principles of intellectual rigour and free enquiry.
Von Hügel died in 1925. He was buried, beside his mother and sister, with the Benedictines of Downside, beside the abbey. His tombstone in an English country churchyard bears the simple inscription: "Whom have I in heaven but Thee?"
Works.
In addition to extensive correspondence, his published works include:
The three elements.
Hügel's most enduring contribution to theological thinking is his "three elements". The human soul, the movements of western civilization, and the phenomena of religion itself he characterized by these three elements: the "historical/institutional element," the "scientific/intellectual element," and the "mystical/experiential element." This typology provided for him an understanding of the balance, tension, and 'friction' that exists in religious thinking and in the complexity of reality and existence. While this typology occasionally digressed into a forced Trinitarianism, it is an organizing paradigm that remained central to his project. The effort to hold these sometimes disparate dimensions together is structurally and theologically dominant throughout his writing. His friend George Tyrrell observed, "All life, according to Hügel consists in a patient struggle with irreconcilables—a progressive unifying of parts that will never fit perfectly."
Hügel's "The Mystical Element of Religion" is a critical but largely appreciative philosophy of mysticism. Yet, in many ways throughout this work Hügel counsels the reader of mysticism’s potential dangers. The mystical impulse is but one of the three elements that together with the other two constitutes the rich complexity of existence. Hügel cautions:
...mysticism would never be the whole of religion; it would become a dangerous error the very moment it claimed to be this whole; but, at the same time, it would be an element essential to religion in the long run and upon the whole, although it would… possess its own dangers, its own besetting sins, as indeed also the primitive, naïve type of religion possesses its own different dangers and different besetting sins. (91)
William Butler Yeats addressed von Hügel in the last stanza of "Vacillation":
<poem>Must we part, Von Hügel, though much alike, for we
Accept the miracles of the saints and honour sanctity?
The body of Saint Teresa lies undecayed in tomb,
Bathed in miraculous oil, sweet odours from it come,
Healing from its lettered slab. Those self-same hands perchance
Eternalised the body of a modern saint that once had scooped out Pharaoh's mummy. I — though heart might find relief
Did I become a Christian man and choose for my belief
What seems most welcome in the tomb — play a predestined part.
Homer is my example and his unchristened heart.
The lion and the honeycomb, what has Scripture said? / So get you gone, Von Hügel, though with blessings on your head.</poem>
Legacy.
With a deep commitment to the life of prayer, von Hügel was an authority on the great mystical writers, particularly of the pre-Reformation period, and sympathetic to the emotional and spiritual burdens of humanity, so that he was sought out by many as a counsellor, guide, and spiritual mentor. His authority as a spiritual writer has endured through the posthumous publication of many of his letters: "Selected Letters, 1896–1924," 1927, "Letters from Baron Friedrich von Hügel to a Niece," 1928, and "Spiritual Counsels and Letters of Baron Friedrich von Hügel", 1964.
The Von Hügel Institute, a research center for the study of Christianity and society at St. Edmund's College, the University of Cambridge, was founded in 1987, and is named in honour of Friedrich's brother, Anatole von Hügel, the first director of the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology at Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="2853178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853178" title="Mothercare">
Mothercare

Mothercare plc () is a British retailer which specialises in products for expectant mothers and in general merchandise for children up to 8 years old. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
History.
The Company was founded by Selim Zilkha and Sir James Goldsmith in 1961. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1972.
In 1982 it merged with Habitat to form Habitat Mothercare plc and in 1986 Habitat Mothercare plc merged with British Home Stores to form Storehouse plc. It bought Children's World from Boots in 1996, and rebranded all of their superstores Mothercare World stores. In 2000 the Bhs stores were sold to Philip Green and Storehouse reverted to the Mothercare brand.
Mothercare agreed to buy the Early Learning Centre (ELC) in April 2007 for £85 million. 
In 2007 Mothercare launched Gurgle, a pregnancy and parenting social networking website. In November 2009 Mothercare acquired the 50% of Gurgle that it did not already own.
In July 2010, Mothercare bought the trademark and brand of privately owned rival "Blooming Marvellous".
In 2011 it was reported that Mothercare was set to undergo a major restructure in their retail sector resulting in an undisclosed number ELC stores moving into neighbouring Mothercare stores to lower costs.
Operations.
The Company operates online, on the high street and out of town, and in November 2009 had over 1,060 stores worldwide of which 389 were in the UK and 671 were abroad in 38 other countries.
Mothercare all over the world.
Ukraine.
In Ukraine the Mothercare brand is represented by MBGroup LLC. Ukrainian Mothercare stores are the same as European. British representatives carefully control the quality of stores and personal. The first store that is now a standard for other stores all over Ukraine, was opened in August 2004 in Kiev, Shopping Mall "Globus". It is the largest store in Ukraine and it offers the largest range of products. Since the beginning of Mothercare story in Ukraine new stores continue to open constantly. Now brand Mothercare is represented by more than 20 stores in Kiev and also stores in Lviv, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkiv, Odessa, Donetsk, Vinnytsia and Zaporizhya. 

</doc>
<doc id="2853185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853185" title="PTRD">
PTRD

The PTRD-41 (Shortened from Russian, "ProtivoTankovoye Ruzhyo Degtyaryova"; "Degtyaryov Anti-Tank Rifle") was an anti-tank rifle produced and used from early 1941 by the Soviet Red Army during World War II. It was a single-shot weapon which fired a 14.5x114mm round. Although unable to penetrate the frontal armor of German tanks, it could penetrate the thinner sides of early-war German tanks as well as thinly armored self-propelled guns.
History.
In 1939 the USSR captured several hundred Polish Model 35 anti-tank rifles, which proved effective in the September Campaign when Poland was invaded by Germany and the USSR. Vasily Degtyaryov copied its lock and several features of the German Panzerbüchse 38 when hasty construction of an anti-tank rifle was ordered in July 1941.
The PTRD and the similar PTRS-41 were the only individual anti-tank weapon available to the Red Army in numbers upon the outbreak of the war with Germany. The 14.5 mm armor-piercing bullet had a muzzle velocity of . It could penetrate an armor plate up to 35 to 40mm (40mm with tungsten ammunition) thick at a distance of 100 meters at 0 degrees. During the initial invasion, and indeed throughout the war, most German tanks had side armor thinner than 40mm (Panzer I and Panzer II: 13-20mm, Panzer III and Panzer IV series: 30mm, Panzer V Panther (combat debut mid-1943): 40-50mm), but the PTRD teams needed to be close to very close, sometimes at point blank distances, to have a chance of penetrating the sides of these tanks. Furthermore, due to the high velocity and small size of the round, it had a very high chance of shattering or utterly failing against armor it should have penetrated, which was aggravated if the target was not at a perpendicular angle.
Due to the obsolescence and inadequate ability against tanks, PTRD users were instructed to attempt to shoot view ports rather than actually try to penetrate the vehicles armor. This tactic was quickly found ineffective due to fact that despite the good range of fire the rifles were never fitted with telescopic sights, and the simple mechanical (iron) ones did not allow for proper aiming at the required distances. The muzzle brake, however effective, kicked up a very visible cloud of dust or snow and debris and served to give away the position of the PTRD team. After poor results against the enemy tanks the PTRD and PTRS were finally relegated to anti-materiel duty in 1943 as they were still effective against lesser armored vehicles such as armored half-tracks, armored cars and unarmored vehicles. 
The PTRD suffered from numerous flaws; the most notable are the lack of penetration versus enemy vehicles and inability to aim accurately with a telescopic sight, which frustrated PTRD teams, its size and weight which hampered its mobility and deployment, and its immense muzzle blast which gave away the unit's firing position. The PTRD was eventually replaced by the RPG series of anti-tank rocket launchers.
After World War II the PTRD was also used extensively by North Korean and Chinese armed forces in the Korean War. During this war, William Brophy, an American Army Ordnance officer, mounted a .50 BMG barrel to a captured PTRD to examine the effectiveness of long-range shooting. The weapon proved effective out to 2,000 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="2853187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853187" title="Protothreads">
Protothreads

A protothread is a low-overhead mechanism for concurrent programming.
Protothreads function as stackless, lightweight threads providing a blocking context cheaply using minimal memory per protothread (on the order of single bytes).
Protothreads are non-preemptable. Therefore, a context switch can only take place on blocking operations. Protothreads are also stackless, which means global variables are needed for preserving variables across context switches.
The protothread concept was developed by Adam Dunkels and Oliver Schmidt.

</doc>
<doc id="2853188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853188" title="Sodium bisulfate">
Sodium bisulfate

Sodium bisulfate, also known as sodium hydrogen sulfate is the sodium salt of the bisulfate anion, with the molecular formula NaHSO4. Sodium bisulfate is an acid salt formed by partial neutralization of sulfuric acid by an equivalent of sodium, typically either in the form of sodium hydroxide or sodium chloride. It is a dry granular product that can be safely shipped and stored. The anhydrous form is hygroscopic. Solutions of sodium bisulfate are acidic, with a 1M solution having a pH of < 1.
Production.
One production method involves mixing stoichiometric quantities of sodium hydroxide and sulfuric acid which react to form sodium bisulfate and water.
A second production method involves reacting sodium chloride (salt) and sulfuric acid at elevated temperatures to produce sodium bisulfate and hydrogen chloride gas. 
The liquid sodium bisulfate is sprayed and cooled so that it forms a solid bead. The hydrogen chloride gas is dissolved in water to produce hydrochloric acid as a useful coproduct of the reaction.
There are only two producers in the USA: Jones-Hamilton Co. uses the sulfuric acid/sodium chloride process, which produces the anhydrous form. Jost Chemical uses the sodium hydroxide/sulfuric acid method, which produces the monohydrate.
Uses.
Sodium bisulfate is used primarily to lower pH. For technical-grade applications, it is used in metal finishing, cleaning products, and to lower the pH of water for effective chlorination, including swimming pools. Sodium bisulfate is also AAFCO approved as a general-use feed additive, including companion animal food. It is used as a urine acidifier to reduce urinary stones in cats. 
In jewelry making, sodium bisulfate is the primary ingredient used in many pickling solutions to remove the oxidation layer from surfaces, which occurs after heating.
It is highly toxic to at least some echinoderms, but fairly harmless to most other life forms; sodium bisulfate is used in controlling outbreaks of crown-of-thorns starfish.
In food.
Sodium bisulfate is used as a food additive to leaven cake mixes (make them rise) as well as being used in meat and poultry processing and most recently in browning prevention of fresh-cut produce.
While one of the manufacturing companies (Jones-Hamilton Co) applied to the FDA to have it considered as generally recognized as safe (GRAS) by the FDA in 1998 however it is not listed on the FDA Food Additives Status List. The food-grade product meets the requirements set out in the Food Chemicals Codex. It is denoted by E number E514ii in the EU and is approved for use in Australia and New Zealand where it is listed as additive 514. Food-grade sodium bisulfate is used in a variety of food products, including beverages, dressings, sauces, and fillings. It has many synonyms (Bisulfate of soda, Sodium bisulfate, Sodium acid sulfate, Mono sodium hydrogen sulfate, Monosodium salt, Sodium hydrogen sulfate, Sodium hydrosulfate, Sodium pyrosulfate, Sulfuric acid, Sulfuric acid sodium salt (1:1)).

</doc>
<doc id="2853194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853194" title="Potassium bisulfate">
Potassium bisulfate

Potassium bisulfate is the potassium salt of bisulfate anion, with the molecular formula . This compound is commonly used in the conversion of tartrates to bitartrates in wine. Potassium bisulfate is also used as a disintegrating agent in analytical chemistry.
A solution of potassium bisulfate behaves as if the two related compounds ( and ) were side by side uncombined. Adding ethanol to a solution of potassium bisulfate precipitates out sulfate.
Mercallite, the mineralogical form of potassium bisulfate, occurs very rarely. Misenite is the other, more complex, potassium hydrogen sulfate.
Preparation.
Potassium bisulfate is prepared by the reaction between sulfuric acid and potassium chloride. Hydrogen chloride gas is produced as a by-product.

</doc>
<doc id="2853200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853200" title="Thalapathi">
Thalapathi

Thalapathi (Translation: "Commander") is a 1991 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and produced by G. Venkateswaran under the banner of G. V. Films. It stars Rajinikanth, Mammootty and Shobana in the lead roles with Arvind Swamy, Srividya, Amrish Puri, Bhanupriya, Nagesh, and Charuhasan essaying supporting ones. The theme is loosely based on the friendship between Karna and Duryodhana of Hindu epic, "Mahabharata". The score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film, which features the last collaboration of Mani Ratnam and Ilaiyaraaja, was dubbed and released in Telugu and Hindi as "Dalapathi". The film, being set in a contemporary milieu at the time of its release, emerged as a critical and commercial success during its theatrical run. The film was one among the Deepavali releases of 1991.
Plot.
Surya (Rajinikanth), the abandoned child of fourteen-year-old unwed mother Kalyani (Srividya) is brought up by a generous lady living in the slums. He grows up to become a fearless kind-hearted slum king who fights the injustice that takes place daily. These qualities lead him to cross swords with the local don Devarajan (Deva) (Mammootty). Deva's friend Ramana is fatally beaten up by Surya, and he threatens Surya that he will find himself in a dangerous situation if the friend was laid to rest. His friend passes away, and Surya gets placed in prison. However, when Deva discovers Ramana's offense, he decides to get Surya released from jail.
Surya is surprised to see Deva send his own man to get him out from jail, and there he tells Surya, "Nyayamnu onnu irrukku" (there is such a thing called justice). From that moment, Deva surrenders his ego and offers his hand of friendship to Surya. Surya pledges that he has nothing else but his life to give his new friend. From then on Deva makes Surya his "Thalapathi" (commander). Meanwhile Surya falls for a local girl Subbulakshmi (Shobana). They soon fall in love and their relationship continues. Surya and Deva virtually rule the town with their muscle and their sense of justice. In the eyes of the government, they are anti-social elements. Arjun (Arvind Swamy), posted as the new district collector, plans to arrest both so that he can end their brutal activities. But his opportunities are in vain.
At this time, Deva and his wife go to Subbulakshmi's house asking for her betrothal to Surya. But her father refuses stating he cannot marry his daughter to a person who doesn't know about his parents. Instead, Subbulakshmi is married to Arjun. Surya eventually marries another girl (Bhanupriya) who was widowed by him earlier (her husband was Ramana). Surya, still troubled by the guilt, prefers to remain as a guard to the widow and her daughter.
A struggle breaks out between the collector and Deva/Surya during which Surya learns that Arjun's mother is his mother, too. Surya promises his mother that he will not harm Arjun but refuses to leave Deva, whose friendship is more valuable to him than his relationship with his brother. Deva is stunned to learn that collector and Surya are brothers and admires Surya for not parting with him in spite of discovering his identity. During the process of surrendering to the collector, assuring him completely stopping their activities, Deva is shot by his enemy. Surya, in a fit of rage, brutally kills Kalivardhan (Amrish Puri) who was the cause for Deva's death and surrenders to the police after performing the final rites of his friend. But the police withdraw the case due to lack of evidence and witnesses. The collector goes to another place on a new posting accompanied by his wife. His mother then changes her mind to stay with her elder son, Surya.
Production.
Rajinikanth was a friend of Mani Ratnam's brother G. Venkateswaran, and they were talking about a film together. Ratnam had met him twice because he had expressed interest in working with him, although Ratnam did not have anything for him then. He needed a film that would have scope for Rajinikanth's stardom but yet remain Ratnam's film. He wanted something right for both himself and Rajinikanth. He wanted something that Rajinikanth could not say no to and something that Ratnam really wanted to do. And then the concept came up, of the story of Karna from the Indian epic Mahabharata, who Ratnam considers "one of the best charcacters in the Mahabharata".
Mammooty's character Deva was the equivalent of Duryodhana, while Rajinikanth's played Surya, the equivalent of Karna. Shobana played the equivalent of Draupadi, while Arvind Swamy and Srividya played Arjuna and Kunti respectively. Actor Kreshna was chosen to play the younger version of Rajinikanth's character, although the character was later scrapped because it affected the film's length. Cinematography was handled by Santosh Sivan, the film being his first with Ratnam. Ratnam chose to shoot the beginning sequence in black and white instead of colour, because according to him, "Black and white gives the sense of this being a prologue without us having to define it as a prologue." He has also refused to state who was the father of the protagonist, citing that the film "consciously avoids the who and the how of the underage girl's first love. It was the child, the son of Surya, who formed the story".
Two endings were created: Rajinikanth's character survives in the Tamil version, but his character in the Malayalam version dies.
Soundtrack.
The music score for the film was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The soundtrack features seven songs. The song, "Rakkamma Kaiya Thattu", performed by S. P. Balasubramanyam and Swarnalatha was amongst the songs listed in a BBC World Top Ten music poll. "Raakkamma" song was copied by Anand-Milind as "Tun Tun Tara" in the film "Bol Radha Bol". Controversially, it was also featured in the 2012 Bollywood film "Agent Vinod", and Lahari took "legal action" against the producer of the film Saif Ali Khan, who used the song without permission.
Release.
Reception.
Reviews for "Thalapathi" have been positive. On 8 November 1991, "The Hindu" said, "Moving his pieces with the acumen of an international grandmaster, the director sets a hot pace". "IndiaGlitz" said "Manirathnam's excellent direction, and Ilayaraja supplementing with spellbound music makes this movie a definite watch." "Behindwoods" said, "In "Dalapathi", although good ultimately prevails over evil, the journey is portrayed with the obstacles and difficulties. That is the greatest plus for the film." Film historian Randor Guy called it a "superbly crafted movie", saying "Even though Rajinikanth is the main protagonist, the movie is entirely the film-maker's."
Remake.
In November 2011, Bollywood producer Bharat Shah acquired the rights to remake "Thalapathi" in Hindi, though it was already dubbed in the language upon release. The filmmaker had earlier co-produced Mani Ratnam's "Saathiya" (the Hindi remake of "Alaipayuthey") and "Dil Se".

</doc>
<doc id="2853208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853208" title="Donald Duck pocket books">
Donald Duck pocket books

The Donald Duck pocket books are a series of paperback-sized publications published in various European countries, featuring Disney comics.
Production.
Background.
The "pocket books" were originally published irregularly (about 6 times a year) until 1987 and monthly since. They are roughly A5-sized (digest size) and about 250 pages thick. Each book has about eight stories, but the numbers of stories can vary widely from issue to issue. As of 2006, there were more than 300 books. Almost all stories come from European publishers - namely Mondadori/Disney Italy from Italy and, more recently, Egmont from Denmark.
Most of the artists are from Italy (among the most famous and internationally renowned being Romano Scarpa, Marco Rota, Pier Lorenzo De Vita, Massimo De Vita, Giorgio Cavazzano, Giovan Battista Carpi, Luciano Bottaro) with a minority of Danish artists (such as Flemming Andersen), and very few stories are drawn by Spanish and Argentinian artists.
Production process.
Just like their larger, comic book-sized European Disney comic counterparts and as is common with North-American superhero comics, hardly any story published in the "pocket books" is made by one single person, instead each story is a combined effort. An author writes a story for which the production company assigns an artist whose unique style they think most resembles the story's particular spirit, then the artist's drawings are completed, again as by management directions, first by a particular inker and then a particular colorist. These groupings can at times be only loose and variable from story to story (especially stable author-artist groupings are rare), but particular artist-inker-colorist groupings can last long enough to define what later is recognized as an artist's defined "style period". It was not until the late 1990s that the production companies began to print at least author and artist of each Disney story in their publications.
B/W vs. color.
Until issue #118, a particular limitation of the "pocket books" out of economical reasons was that only half of the pages were printed in color, while for the other half simply the uncolored line art was printed. This was done in an alternating routine so that one pair of pages (left and right page) one was looking at was black and white, and turning to the next pair of pages they were in color, etc. It was not until issue #119 (spring 1987, shortly before the move to monthly issues) that the "pocket books" were printed in full color. In later reprints, these early issues were published in all-color.
Mini pocket books.
In the late 2000s, "mini" pocket books have also appeared. These mini pocket books are smaller (A6-sized rather than A5-sized) but have slightly more pages, and consist almost exclusively of reprints of stories in previously appeared full-size pocket books, rather than all-new material.
Distinguishing features.
Framework stories.
A special feature of the early issues of pocket books were the so-called framework stories. In these early days, the stories used to be connected with each other by a framework story, forming a general story line throughout the entire book. For every of those early issues, the publishers mostly chose unrelated stories from a large pool, and it was only after those stories had been chosen that a fitting framework would be written, then drawn in a sub-standard quality style by artist Giuseppe Perego. As the feature gradually fell out of use, Perego was partly replaced by Giancarlo Gatti, an artist whose quality is more on par with that of the usual production level and who like Perego often publishes full-length main stories instead of only doing "filler" frameworks in between these.
The framework feature was gradually dropped during the 1980s (roughly between the issues #80-#100), as nowadays each story is usually completely independent from the other stories in the same issue.
Spine-assembly pictures.
Since the same issue as full-color was introduced, the "pocket books" also feature pictures of Disney characters on their spines, a feature especially appealing to collectors as these pictures make it instantly apparent if an issue is missing when the "pocket books" are lined up on a cupboard. The first spine-assembly picture ran from 1987 until late 1991/early 1992, since then each spine picture (usually) spans a year (= 12 issues).
In different countries.
The same stories, which are mostly written and drawn by Italian writers and artists, are translated into different languages and appear in each country roughly about the same time, but there are differences of one or two months between the publishing schedules of different countries. As there was no connection between issues other than the recurring cast of characters, the early issues (until about #30?) were mostly published in different order all over Europe, so the German #3 for instance is not the same as the Danish, French, or Finnish #3.
Various local names for the Donald Duck pocket books include:
All these books started publishing in 1967 and 1968 respectively, except for the Finnish version, which started in 1970, the Polish which started in 1992, Icelandic which started in 1994 and Estonian which started in 2008. The Italian edition, published since 1949, was the inspiration for the later European editions.

</doc>
<doc id="2853210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853210" title="Christopher Middleton (poet)">
Christopher Middleton (poet)

Christopher Middleton (born 10 June 1926) is a British poet and translator, especially of German literature.
Life.
He was born John Christopher Middleton in Truro, Cornwall, in 1926. Following four years' service in the Royal Air Force, he studied at Merton College, Oxford, matriculating in 1948. He then held academic positions at the University of Zürich and King's College London. In 1966 he took up a position as Professor of Germanic Languages & Literature at the University of Texas, Austin, retiring in 1998. Middleton has published translations of Robert Walser, Nietzsche, Hölderlin, Goethe, Gert Hofmann and many others. He has received various awards, including the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize and the Schlegel-Tieck Prize for translation.

</doc>
<doc id="2853212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853212" title="Carpenter syndrome">
Carpenter syndrome

Carpenter syndrome, also called acrocephalopolysyndactyly type II, is an extremely rare autosomal recessive congenital disorder characterized by craniofacial malformations, obesity, and syndactyly.
It was first characterized in 1909.
Presentation.
Carpenter syndrome presents several features:
Intellectual disability is also common with the disorder, although some patients may have average intellectual capacity.
Genetics.
Carpenter syndrome has been associated with mutations in the RAB23 gene, which is located on chromosome 6 in humans. Additionally, three key SNPs in the MEGF8 gene, located on chromosome 19 at 19q13.2, have been identified as primary causes of Carpenter syndrome.
Description.
Carpenter Syndrome belongs to a group of rare genetic disorders known as acrocephalopolysyndactyly, abbreviated ACPS (RN, 2007). There were originally five types of ACPS, but this number has been decreased because they have been found to be closely related to one another or to other disorders (Paul A. Johnson, 2002). 
The most common physical manifestation of Carpenter Syndrome is early fusing of the fibrous cranial sutures which results in an abnormally pointed head. The fusion of the skull bones is evident from birth (National Organization for Rare Disorders, Inc., 2008). Babies’ mobile cranial bones form a cone shape as the pass through the birth canal and soon thereafter return to a normal shape; however, a baby affected by carpenter syndrome maintains a cone shaped head.
A baby affected by Carpenter Syndrome will also display malformations of the face. An individual affected by the syndrome may have broad cheeks, a flat nasal bridge, and a wide upturned nose with abnormally large nasal openings. Their ears will most commonly be low, unevenly set, and malformed in structure. In addition to these facial abnormalities, individuals also have an underdeveloped maxilla and/ or mandible with a highly arched and narrow palate which makes speech a very difficult skill to master. Teeth are usually very late to come in and will be undersized and spaced far apart (Carpenter Syndrome-description).
Other physical abnormalities often associated with Carpenter Syndrome include extra digits. Extra toes are more commonly seen than fingers. Often both the toes and fingers are webbed, a process that occurs before the sixth week gestational period. Often their digits will be abnormally short, and the fingers are commonly missing an interphalangeal joint. Roughly half of the babies born with Carpenter Syndrome have some type of heart defect, and seventy five percent of individuals with this disease will experience some degree of development delay due to mild mental retardation (Carpenter Syndrome-description).
Signs and Symptoms.
The primary diagnostic factor is a malformation of the skull. The two most common types of craniosynostosis are sagittal and bicoronal. Sagittal craniosynostosis manifests itself by causing a long narrow skull. It is quantitatively determined by measuring the anterior to posterior (front to back) diameter of the skull. An increased A-P diameter indicates a malformed fusion of the sagittal suture. Individuals affected with sagittal craniosynostosis have narrow, prominent foreheads and the back of the head is much larger than normal. The “soft spot” is very small or missing altogether with this particular type of craniosynostosis.
The second common type of skull malformation is bicoronal craniosynostosis is characterized by a wide, short skull. In this particular type of craniosynostosis the A-P diameter is smaller than in normal individuals. These individuals have malformed eye sockets and foreheads. The eye sockets are much smaller than normal and often cause visual impairment. Complications may include damage to the optic nerve, resulting in a decrease in visual clarity, bulging eye balls as a result of shallow eye orbits which usually causes some sort of damage to the cornea (the outer layer of the eye). Bicoronal craniosynostosis may also result in widely spaced eyes and narrowing of the sinuses and tear ducts that may result in inflammation of the mucous membranes of the exposed portion of the eye.
In addition to the previously named complications of bicoronal craniosynostosis, many babies will also be affected by hydrocephalus, more commonly known as water on the brain. Hydrocephalus results in increased pressure on the brain which can cause permanent brain damage if not treated promptly. An abnormally highly arched palate is also seen in affected individuals causing dental problems and the thrusting forward of the lower jaw. Individuals affected by Carpenter syndrome often experience cutaneous syndactyly (fusion of the digits) or polydactyly (presence of extra digits) of the toes more often than fingers. Individuals also have short fingers.
Approximately one third of individuals born with Carpenter Syndrome have a type of heart defect. Commonly seen heart defects may include: narrowing of the pulmonary artery, transposition of the major blood vessels, or the presence of an abnormally large vena cava, which delivers blood back to the heart from the head, neck, and upper limbs. The testes of males affected by Carpenter Syndrome may also fail to descend (Paul A. Johnson, 2002).
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of Carpenter Syndrome is made based on the presence of the bicoronal and sagittal skull malformations, which results in a pointed, cone-shaped or short, broad head. The diagnosis is also made based on the presence of extra or fused digits. X rays and/ or CT scans of the skull may be performed in order to accurately diagnose the individual; however, other genetic disorders, which have available genetic tests, are also characterized by skull malformations. A positive result on these tests can rule out a Carpenter Syndrome diagnosis.
Rate of Occurrence.
There are approximately three hundred known cases of Carpenter Syndrome in the United States. Only 1 in 1 million live births will result in an infant affected by Carpenter Syndrome (RN, 2007).
Carpenter Syndrome is an autosomal recessive disease which means both parents must have the faulty genes in order to pass the disease onto their children. Even if both parents possess the faulty gene there is still only a twenty five percent chance that they will produce a child affected by the syndrome. Their children who do not have the disease will still be carriers and possess the ability to pass the disease onto their offspring if their spouse is also a carrier of the particular gene.
Treatment.
Operations to correct the malformations of the skull should be performed within the first year of infancy in patients affected by Carpenter Syndrome. Performing surgery at a young age increases the likelihood of obtaining a greatly improved appearance of the head because modifying bone is much easier to do when the skull is still constantly growing and changing.
In surgery the doctor breaks the fused sutures to allow for brain growth. Doctors remove the cranial plates of the skull, reshape them and replace them back onto the skull in an attempt to reshape the head to appear more normal. Although the sutures are broken during surgery they will quickly refuse, and in some cases holes form in the plates allowing cerebral spinal fluid to escape into cyst like structures on the external surface of the head.
If an individual with Carpenter Syndrome has a serious heart defect they will require surgery to correct the malformation of the heart. Other elective surgeries may also be performed. Some parents opt to have their child’s webbed fingers or toes separated which improves their appearance but not necessarily the functionality of the digits. In order to address the occupational challenges of the disease, many children with Carpenter Syndrome go through speech and occupational therapy in order to achieve more independence in everyday tasks and activities (RN, 2007). 
In order to address the vision problems that are associated with bicoronal craniosynostosis, the individual must seek consultation from an ophthalmologist. If the palate is severely affected dental consultation may be necessary to correct the malformation. Obesity is often associated with Carpenter Syndrome, so a lifelong diet plan is often utilized to maintain a healthy weight. In addition surgery must be performed if the testes fail to descend (Paul A. Johnson, 2002). If the procedure is not performed the individual will become infertile.

</doc>
<doc id="2853215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853215" title="Mariel Rodriguez">
Mariel Rodriguez

Mariel Rodriguez-Padilla (born Maria Erlinda Lucille Sazon Termulo on August 10, 1984) is a Filipina commercial model, endorser, TV host, former MTV VJ and actress. She first started as an MTV VJ. She used to co-host the noontime variety show Happy Yipee Yehey!. During its run, she has also been a host for the reality franchise Pinoy Big Brother and the now defunct noontime show Wowowee.
Starting her career as a model for Clean&Clear facials and became a VJ on MTV Pilipinas, she was brought in by GMA-7. Later she moved to station ABS-CBN Network to host the noon-time program Wowowee and Pinoy Big Brother. On September 2011, she resigned on ABS-CBN and moved to TV5.
Other than hosting jobs on TV, Rodriguez-Padilla acted in the Bud Brothers Series played as Betsey (Betchay), Varga series and several films.
Biography.
Born as Maria Erlinda Lucille Sazon Termulo, she was known by the nickname 'Mariel' as a child.
Rodriguez studied at De La Salle Zobel in grade school and high school. She graduated at De La Salle University with a Bachelor of Arts in Organizational Communication.
She has one sister and two half siblings. Her sister, Kaye Garcia, owns Hot Pink Lingerie. Her half siblings, Ethan and Julia Termulo, live in New Jersey, America.
Career.
She started her career at the age of 15, modeling for commercials and ads. Her big break came when she was cast in MTV Asia's TV show Rouge. Introducing herself through the webcam, she flew to Singapore for an audition and got the part. Her role in the show caught the eye of MTV Philippines executives and was made an VJ in December 2004. She left MTV in April 2006.
GMA-7 signed her as one of their stars. While in the network, she became one of the regular hosts of Extra Challenge. She has also appeared on several shows, such as Love to Love. In 2005, she moved to ABS-CBN.
She became host of Pinoy Big Brother and co-host to the noon time show Happy Yipee Yehey. She used to be co-host of Wowowee and Pilipinas Win na Win.
She has endorsed many products and clothing lines, such as Meg Clothing, Zen Zest, Hot Pink Lingerie, Close-Up, Rexona, Clean&Clear, and Pizza Hut
She is one of the former original main-hosts of ABS-CBN's noontime show entitled Happy Yipee Yehey!.
Several months later after hosting Happy Yipee Yehey! she left the show and the network to transfer to TV5 and will reunite with Willie Revillame to co-host Wiltime Bigtime Starting October 15, 2011.
Personal life.
She previously dated Filipino actor, Zanjoe Marudo, after and decided to split up early 2010. She met Robin Padilla on the game show, "Wowowee" when Padilla was temporarily a presenter. She married Padilla on 19 August 2010 at the Taj Mahal, Agra, India.

</doc>
<doc id="2853227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853227" title="Ian Meckiff">
Ian Meckiff

Ian Meckiff (born 6 January 1935) is a former cricketer who represented Australia in 18 Tests between 1957 and 1963. A left-arm fast bowler, he is best known for two matters that were unrelated to his skill as a player: He was the batsman run out by Joe Solomon in 1960, causing the first Tied Test in cricket history; and in December 1963, his career was sensationally ended when he was called for throwing in the First Test against South Africa by Australian umpire Col Egar. During the late 1950s and early 1960s, there had been a media frenzy about the perceived prevalence of illegal bowling actions in world cricket. The controversy and speculation that dogged Meckiff in the years preceding his final match caused sections of the cricket community to believe that he had been made a scapegoat by the Australian cricket authorities to prove their intent to stamp out throwing.
With an unconventional front-on bowling action, Meckiff progressed through the district cricket ranks at South Melbourne Cricket Club, making his first-class debut for Victoria in 1956–57. After a productive first season, Meckiff was named in a new-look Australian team for the 1957–58 tour of South Africa. This was the result of a generational change in the Australian Test team after a decline in performances in the 1950s. The shift saw Meckiff open the bowling in his debut Test, where he performed strongly to take eight wickets. Generating his pace from an unusual bent-arm action which involved a flick of the wrist, Meckiff reached his peak in the Second Test of the 1958–59 season against England at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. He took 6/38 in the second innings as England were dismissed for 87, setting up an Australian victory. His achievement was engulfed by controversy, as English media and former players accused him of throwing Australia to victory.
The controversy over Meckiff's action persisted as throwing was in the spotlight in England, where it was regarded as a growing problem. The issue prompted numerous international discussions and meetings on amending the throwing law and the interpretation thereof. An expected confrontation with English umpires in 1961 was averted when the bowler suffered multiple injuries in the preceding Australian summer and was omitted from the team to tour England, but Meckiff had two strong seasons in domestic cricket that forced the Australian selectors to recall him for the Tests against South Africa in 1963–64. The Victorian's recall had occurred despite his being no-balled for throwing in two separate Sheffield Shield matches in the previous season. In his first over of the Test, Meckiff was no-balled four times by umpire Egar. Australian captain Richie Benaud chose to not bowl his paceman again, and Meckiff retired from all cricket at the end of the match. The throwing controversy provoked heavy debate among cricket commentators, players and umpires, past and present; some praised Egar's no-ball call while others condemned the umpire and felt that the paceman had bowled in the same way as he had always done. Others felt that Meckiff had been set up so that he would be no-balled in an "execution" or "sacrifice" to prove Australia's resolve against throwing.
Early life.
Meckiff was the second of three children born to Vera and Walter Meckiff; he had an older brother Don and a younger sister Margaret. Growing up in the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Mentone, the children went to Mentone Primary School before progressing to Mordialloc-Chelsea High School, where both brothers became prefects. All of the children represented their high school for sport—Don and Ian in athletics, swimming, football and cricket; and Margaret in softball. The brothers played for Mentone Cricket Club in the Federal District Cricket Association, Ian as a left-arm unorthodox spinner. He routinely dominated the opposition batsmen in the competition, taking 200 wickets at a bowling average of only 4.50 during his career with Mentone. He began playing in Mentone's under-16 team at the age of 11.
Early career.
Having failed as a spin bowler in a trial at Richmond in 1950, Meckiff switched to fast bowling in 1951–52 when he began his district career in Victorian Premier Cricket with South Melbourne. He started in the Fourth XI after his brother had to withdraw from a match. The following summer, aged 17, Meckiff was in the senior team and played in South Melbourne's first championship-winning side in his debut season in the First XI, although his club career was sometimes interrupted by national service in the reserves. After receiving requests from cricket administrators, the military authorities scheduled the leave of young players for weekends, so that the impact on their careers would be minimised. At the time, Australia lacked bowlers of great pace, so a teammate advised Meckiff to bowl as fast as he could, without regard for accuracy—a plan he successfully adopted.
Meckiff made his first-class debut for Victoria in 1956–57 against Western Australia. Coming in to bat with his state's score at 8 wickets for 77 (8/77), he made 19 not out to help them reach 131, before taking three wickets for 45 runs (3/45) to restrict Western Australia to a 34-run first innings lead. His first wicket was future Australian captain Bob Simpson for a duck, and he followed up by removing Test batsmen Barry Shepherd and Ken Meuleman. Meckiff made 11 in the second innings and took 0/40 as Victoria lost by four wickets.
Meckiff's most prominent showing in his debut season was in the Sheffield Shield match against New South Wales during the Christmas period of 1956. At the time, the two states were by far the strongest in Australia; in the past decade, the teams had 18 of the 20 top-two Shield placings between them, and New South Wales were in the process of winning nine consecutive titles. The arch-rivals were at full strength as no international matches were held during the season.
Coming in at 7/173, Meckiff top-scored with 55—his only first-class 50—as Victoria batted first and made a late recovery to end with 244. Meckiff took 3/65, including the wickets of Test players Bill Watson and Richie Benaud as New South Wales responded with 281. In the Victorian second innings Meckiff managed only 8 as Victoria left their opponents a target of 161 runs for victory. The paceman took 4/56 and claimed the final wicket, removing Test opener Jim Burke caught for 8 as New South Wales mustered 160, causing the match to end in the first tie in Shield history. Burke had returned to bat after being injured earlier in the innings, while New South Wales captain Ian Craig, who had been ill, hauled himself out of bed in an attempt to salvage the match after his team had fallen to 7/70. Meckiff's other victims in the final innings included Test players Alan Davidson and Johnny Martin.
Strong showings for Victoria earned Meckiff selection in Neil Harvey's XI for the one-off match against Ray Lindwall's XI at the start of January 1957. These annual fixtures were used as trials for the leading players vying for national selection. Lindwall's men batted first and made 428; Meckiff was the most successful bowler, taking 6/75 while his fellow-bowlers struggled to make inroads into the opposition batsmen. His first wicket was Test batsman Ken Mackay for 99, and he followed this by removing Bob Simpson, Norm O'Neill and Graeme Hole in the middle-order. Meckiff followed his productive bowling with 47 runs in a tail-wagging performance, adding 71 for the eighth wicket with Wally Grout as Harvey's men responded with 419. The Victorian took 0/18 in the second innings as Lindwall's team fell for 188 to leave Harvey's XI with a victory target of 198, which was achieved with seven wickets in hand.
Meckiff had performed strongly in his debut first-class season, ending with 27 wickets at an average of 23.66. He was the ninth-highest wicket-taker for the Australian summer and his average was superior to all eight bowlers who took more wickets. At season's end, he was rewarded with selection for Australia's non-Test tour of New Zealand in February and March 1957. The hosts had Test status at the time, but Australia refused to ratify games against their trans-Tasman neighbours as Test matches, citing the weakness of the New Zealand team.
The tour represented a changing of the guard in Australian cricket following the tour of England and the Indian subcontinent in 1956, with the bowling line-up heavily overhauled due to advancing age, injury and loss of form. Australia had lost three Ashes series in a row, and captain Ian Johnson and his deputy Keith Miller retired upon their return home. Johnson was Australia's first-choice spinner while Miller and the 35-year-old Ray Lindwall had formed Australia's new ball pairing for the previous decade. In addition, the fast bowling all rounder Ron Archer suffered a long-term knee injury during the 1956 tour, while paceman Pat Crawford played only one first-class match in 1956–57 after his marriage broke down. In the wake of Australia's decline in the past five years, the selectors turned to youth in an attempt to rebuild the side, resting several established Test representatives from the side. Ian Craig was installed as the nation's youngest ever captain at the age of 22, having previously played only six Tests without securing a regular position in the team.
The New Zealand campaign was a chance for the younger players to establish themselves in the national team. Meckiff took 2/46 and 3/25 in his first-class debut for Australia, an innings win over Otago. He played in the first match against New Zealand, but after taking 0/41 in a drawn encounter, he was dropped for the second game. The paceman forced his way back into the team for the third match after claiming 4/12 and 5/48 to help to set up an innings victory over Auckland.
In the final match, New Zealand batted first and Meckiff played a leading role in Australia's victory, taking 4/28 from 27.2 overs to help dismiss the hosts for 198. The fast bowler was not required to bat as the tourists replied with 8/350 declared. He took 2/17 in the second innings as the home team fell for 161 before Craig's men sealed the series with a 10-wicket win. Meckiff ended the tour with 20 first-class wickets at 10.85, placing him top of the tour bowling averages.
Test debut.
The following season, when the team for the 1957–58 South African tour was announced, Lindwall's name was omitted, despite his 212 Test wickets, second only to Clarrie Grimmett among Australian bowlers. Meckiff was selected for the tour as part of Australia's generational change, after a single season in first-class cricket, and the squad departed for South Africa in October. On the tour, in five first-class matches ahead of the Tests he took 12 wickets, at 26.25.
Meckiff was one of four Australians to make their debuts in the First Test, which was played on a batsman-friendly surface in Johannesburg over the Christmas holiday period. Under some pressure due to Australia's decision to discard Lindwall and invest in new talent, he opened the bowling alongside Alan Davidson, who up to that point had taken only 16 wickets at 34.06 in 12 Tests. The match began badly for Australia's inexperienced attack as the South African openers Jackie McGlew and Trevor Goddard put on an opening stand of 176. Meckiff claimed his maiden Test wicket, and Australia's first breakthrough, when he bowled Goddard for 90. He then removed McGlew for 108 and later dismissed Russell Endean and Roy McLean for 50 apiece. South Africa amassed 470, and Meckiff had the best figures, taking 5/125 in the hosts' first innings, all five being specialist batsmen. When the tourists batted, Meckiff came in at 8/313 and held up his end as centurion Richie Benaud did the majority of the scoring in their 42-run partnership. The debutant ended with 11 in his first Test outing with the bat as Craig's team ended on 368. Meckiff took 3/52 in the South African second innings, including McGlew for the second time, as the match ended in a draw. This fine start to the Victorian's international career was halted in the Second Test at Cape Town, where he broke down with injury early in the first innings and took no further part in an Australian innings victory. He did not take a wicket.
Meckiff missed the Third Test in Durban and spent a month on the sidelines, before returning against a combined team from Orange Free State and Border at the end of January. He took 6/29 in the first innings, his best return of the tour, and earned a recall for the final two Tests of the five-match series. He was not as effective as he was on debut, taking two and one wickets for the matches respectively, and scoring 26 runs in his only innings of the Fourth Test. Overall, the Victorian paceman had made a steady start to his international career, with 11 Test wickets at an average of 32.09, and 56 runs at 18.66. In the entire tour, he took 33 first-class wickets at 23.09. However, there was a hint of the controversy that was to end his career six years later. A year after the series, the South African Test umpire Bill Marais said he was prepared to no-ball Meckiff and his team-mate Jim Burke for throwing. There were reports that Craig had been tipped off about Marais's intentions and therefore operated the two bowlers exclusively from the end at which Marais was not officiating.
Career peak and start of throwing controversy.
The Victorian paceman's international career peaked in 1958–59 during the English tour of Australia. He started the season with a match for Victoria against the tourists, taking 4/69 and 1/16 in a losing effort. His wickets included English Test batsmen Peter Richardson (twice), Arthur Milton and Raman Subba Row.
The Test team was now under the leadership of Benaud—Craig had been forced to withdraw from cricket due to hepatitis; Meckiff retained his place in the side. Prior to the Tests, English all-rounder Trevor Bailey privately described Meckiff as "the worst bowler ever to represent Australia", and felt he posed little threat to the visitors. However this proved to be questionable. The Benaud era started well for Australia and Meckiff, with a comfortable eight-wicket victory in the First Test in Brisbane. The paceman took 3/33 and 2/30, removing Milton, Colin Cowdrey and captain Peter May early on the first day to help Australia take the initiative after the tourists had batted first. The match also marked the start of behind-the-scenes rumblings about the bowler's action.
Meckiff's career peaked at the Second Test, which began on New Year's Eve, 1958 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. It was his first international fixture in front of his home crowd, and also marked the start of his career-long public problem with accusations of throwing. The match was dominated by the Victorian and his left-arm pace partner Davidson; the pair took 18 of the 20 English wickets to fall. England's first innings was headlined by Davidson's 6/64; Meckiff took 3/69, including the wicket of England captain May for 113 with a swinging ball, which breached the batsman's defence and crashed into the stumps. This ended a century partnership with Cowdrey, and triggered a collapse that saw England be dismissed for 259, the last six English wickets falling for 49 runs. Meckiff rated the ball as the best of his career. He made a duck as the hosts replied with 308 to take a 49-run lead. It was in England's second innings that Australia's left-arm pacemen were at their most potent; apart from one over from Benaud the pair bowled unchanged to dismiss England for 87 in the 32nd over, Meckiff taking 6/38. Backed a by a vocal home crowd, the Victorian dismissed opener Richardson for three, before removing Bailey, Tom Graveney and Cowdrey in quick succession. He followed this by removing the English skipper for a second time to leave England at 7/71. This set up a comfortable Australian victory as they reached their target of 39 with the loss of two wickets. The Australian pace duo were aided by a series of difficult, diving catches. The pair combined forces when Davidson caught May, and then Graveney, in the leg trap behind square from the bowling of his fellow left-armer, who called the reflex catches "absolutely unbelievable". Meckiff described the hometown atmosphere as "electrifying", and attributed his performance to the crowd support.
The match ended on the eve of Meckiff's 24th birthday, but Australian celebrations were marred by English journalists, who levelled accusations of throwing against him and some of his colleagues. The evening edition of the Melbourne "Herald" carried a column by former English spinner Johnny Wardle, accusing Meckiff of "throwing England out". Wardle's piece was written confrontationally, as a series of sentences starting with "I accuse". This was followed by more anti-Meckiff comments in the English press, including one that dubbed the bowler "the greatest ogre of international cricket since Larwood". "The Evening News" proclaimed: "Meckiff's throwing was devastating" and "The Star" said: "at least two of his wickets were obtained by deliveries which looked to be thrown". Former England spinner Ian Peebles asserted that Meckiff and Gordon Rorke threw "the greater number of balls they deliver", while former English paceman Alf Gover claimed that none of the left-armer's deliveries were legal; it was "ridiculous that a player of his action should be the agent of England's destruction". According to Australian writer Jack Pollard, such headlines relegated the Cold War, which usually occupied the front pages, to the interior of the English newspapers.
By contrast to the strident condemnation of Meckiff in the English press, Australian opinion was mixed. The former Test opener and leading commentator Jack Fingleton said: "when he delivered to Bailey, his fastest ball looked most suspect" and that the left-armer should have been called for throwing. Fingleton claimed to know of five former Australian Test cricketers who felt that Meckiff threw, but only named the 1930s paceman Ernie McCormick. Former Australian player Tommy Andrews claimed: "if they stop throwing in Australia, cricket will die". Former Australian captain Ian Johnson argued that if Meckiff were to be cited for an illegal action for jerking his wrist, then leading English bowlers such as Trueman, Brian Statham and Tony Lock, who played against Australia during the season, should also be sanctioned. As with Meckiff, Lock was under scrutiny at the time and later tried to change his bowling action but the new style coincided with a downturn in results. Johnson also noted that any successful spinner would be called for throwing if the law were enforced strictly because of their flicking of the wrist and fingers during the delivery of the ball, as they could not otherwise extract spin. In 1993, Robert Coleman, the historian of the Victorian Cricket Association, decried the anti-Meckiff campaign as "Fleet Street bleating", and said: "there have been no more hysterical outbursts on the subject [of throwing than occurred during England's 1958–59 tour". Writing decades after the event, Pollard said "Meckiff, in fact, went to the crease with a beautifully relaxed approach, paused momentarily with his arm absolutely straight, and then let the ball go with a blurred swing of the arm that was impossible to follow from 60 yards away, even with the aid of good binoculars."
Journalists who wrote books about the 1958–59 season made thinly veiled references to the controversy in the names of their work. Fingleton's account on the series was entitled "Four Chukkas to Australia", while E. N. Wellings labelled his tome "The Ashes Thrown Away", and accused Meckiff, along with Burke, Rorke and Keith Slater of throwing for Australia in the Tests. An Australian television debate program featured an entire session where English journalists Wellings and Crawford White discussed the throwing issue with former Australian Test cricketers Keith Miller and Sid Barnes.
In the Third Test at the Sydney Cricket Ground Meckiff took one wicket—Bailey—in the first innings, before breaking down with an injury in the second. This ruled him out of the Fourth Test, and he missed a month of cricket before returning for the final Test in Melbourne in mid February, where he removed specialist batsmen May and Ted Dexter. On the field it had been a successful series for the Victorian; he had taken 17 wickets at 17.17, as Australia claimed the series 4–0. These efforts placed him top of the Test bowling averages for the series. When Lindwall was recalled for the Fourth Test in place of the injured Meckiff he was reported to have said "I'm the last of the straight-arm bowlers". The veteran paceman played alongside Meckiff in later matches, including the Fifth Test. Meckiff was also prominent in the two Shield matches against New South Wales, when both teams were at full strength. In the first contest he had match figures of 5/129, his victims including Test teammates Burke, O'Neill and Davidson (twice), but his efforts were unable to prevent defeat. In the return fixture, Meckiff took a total of 7/162; five of his victims were Australian Test batsmen. Victoria held the upper hand, and were 45 runs short of victory in the second innings when time ran out.
Within the wider cricket community there was a steady crescendo of comment condemning the prevalence of bowlers with suspect actions. Prior to the alteration of the bowling law by the Imperial Cricket Conference in 1960, the law stated:
Reaction by players and officials.
In contrast to the heated debate in the media, players and administrators refrained from publicly questioning or condemning Meckiff. Neither the England captain May nor manager Freddie Brown raised any concerns about Meckiff's action after the Test. However, it was later revealed that Brown had wanted to lodge an official complaint with the Australian Board of Control, but May had refused, fearing accusations of sour grapes. Years later, Richardson and some of his fellow batsmen accused the Australian fast bowler of throwing them out, while England paceman Fred Trueman said: "Meckiff's action was totally illegal and that he should never have been allowed to play". Richardson's off spinning team-mate Jim Laker likened Meckiff's and Burke's arm actions to those of dart-throwers.
Benaud said he was "completely satisfied that [Meckiff's] delivery was fair and legitimate", while the selection panel of Don Bradman, Dudley Seddon and Jack Ryder continued to pick the paceman, implying that they regarded his action as legal. Bill Dowling, the chairman of the Australian Board of Control, denounced the media attention on suspect bowling actions as excessive and "magnified out of all proportion".
Off the field, the throwing controversy was beginning to affect Meckiff adversely. In his 1961 autobiography, prophetically titled "Thrown Out", he said the accusations took a deep personal toll on him and his family, and prompted him to shun the public. He became known by the derisive nickname "Chucker" and was credited on the front cover of his autobiography as "Ian 'Chucker' Meckiff". Meckiff reported that from the Melbourne Test onwards, his son was verbally abused by classmates; Meckiff's parents were persistently told their son bowled illegally. He added that doctors believed his anxiety was contributing to stomach ailments. At the time, players were not allowed to talk to the media during the season, and Meckiff was upset because he could not rebut his accusers while they were free to attack him. He denied ever throwing, but admitted he may have been open to suspicion after bowling 15 to 20 overs in a day's play, as his body would begin to fall away in the delivery stride due to fatigue. He had a permanently bent bowling arm; he generated his pace from his wrist action, and asserted that his thin wrists gave the impression that his whole arm was bending.
Subcontinent tour.
In 1959–60, the season started with a Test trial between the XIs of Lindwall and Benaud. Meckiff claimed a match total of 4/90 for Lindwall's men and was selected for the Test tour of Pakistan and India. Before the team departed, Meckiff demonstrated his new bowling action, which used a rigid left arm during the run-up, before swinging the arm over during the delivery stride. Over the next two years, sceptics and sporting opponents mostly regarded his action as fair, and said so in public. He was not called for throwing in either India or Pakistan, meaning that he had played in five nations without being sanctioned.
Meckiff was wicketless in Australia's win in the First Test against Pakistan on a matting wicket in Dacca (now in Bangladesh). In the first innings of the Second Test in Lahore, he took three wickets, including that of opposition captain Hanif Mohammad; the match was Australia's last Test win on Pakistani soil for 39 years. Before the Third Test, he helped the tourists beat the President's XI in a low-scoring game in which none of the four innings totalled over 140. Meckiff claimed four wickets in the match, and was batting (he scored two not out) when Australia reached their victory target with three wickets in hand. He missed the drawn Third Test in Karachi.
In the next leg of the tour, Meckiff returned to the Australian side for the First Test against India in Delhi. After claiming 1/52 in the first innings, he compiled his Test best score of 45 not out. He came in to bat with his team's score at 8/402 and helped Lindsay Kline and Rorke push Australia's score to 468, a first innings lead of 333. Meckiff was unable to capture a wicket in the Indian second innings as Benaud's men won by an innings and 117 runs. He bowled with little success in the Second Test in Kanpur, taking 1/52 in a spin-dominated match in which Jasu Patel claimed 14 wickets to bowl India to their first-ever Test win over Australia. Meckiff was unbeaten on 14 when India secured the final wicket. In his first two Tests on Indian soil, Meckiff's only victim had been Chandu Borde, whom he dismissed twice.
Meckiff's most successful Test during the Indian tour was the drawn third match at Brabourne Stadium in Bombay, where he captured 4/79 and 3/67. In the Indian first innings, after removing opener Nari Contractor for 108, Meckiff captured four of the next five wickets as India collapsed from 3/199 to 8/246—they were eventually all out for 289. In the second innings he secured three quick wickets as the hosts slumped from 0/99 to 4/116 before a recovery which prevented their defeat. Meckiff continued to hold the upper hand over Borde, dismissing him in both innings. The Victorian bowler had little success in the final two Tests, taking only three wickets as Australia won the series 2–1. He ended the subcontinental tour with 15 wickets at 35.73, and scored 70 runs at 23.33. He had particular success against Borde, dismissing him five times in as many Tests. Meckiff returned to Australia in time to play his solitary Sheffield Shield match for the 1959–60 season, taking the only ten-wicket match haul of his career. He took 5/41 and 5/84 to set up an easy win over Western Australia. His first innings effort helped dismiss Western Australia for 141, and Victoria replied with 431 to move into a match-winning position. He also helped South Melbourne to another district title, taking 9/51—including a hat-trick—in the last match of the regular season against Fitzroy. This victory allowed South Melbourne to climb from seventh to fourth in the table and become the last qualifier for the semi-finals. They subsequently won their semi-final and the grand final to secure the title.
Alterations to the throwing law.
In 1960, at a meeting of the Imperial Cricket Conference in London, cricket's "throwing law" was changed to forbid the straightening of the arm at the instant of the ball's delivery. The Australian Board of Control were so concerned about the controversy and its possible impact on the Australian game that they sent Board chairman Dowling and Board member Sir Donald Bradman to the meeting, rather than the customary Britain-based representative. Despite the agreed change in the law, because of conflicting interpretations in different countries a compromise was agreed, which specified an amnesty during the forthcoming 1961 Australian tour to England. It was agreed that on the tour, umpires would privately report any concerns about bowling actions to the teams concerned, for them to remedy. After the tour, umpires would "call" bowlers whenever they felt the new law to have been breached.
On his return to Australia Dowling angrily accused the English cricket community of pre-judging Meckiff. Dowling said the strident press attacks on Meckiff had amounted to intimidation of umpires through the media, and claimed that some administrators had privately told him that the Australian paceman would be called if he toured England. The president of the Marylebone Cricket Club, Sir Hubert Ashton, said he hoped Australia would not choose Meckiff for their 1961 tour.
Tied Test against the West Indies, 1960–61.
The Victorian was not called during the 1960–61 Australian season, but his performances were ineffective and he was repeatedly hampered by injuries. In particular, a strained achilles tendon restricted his speed and penetration, particularly in the lead-up to the opening Test. Meckiff played in the First and the Third Tests, taking two wickets at 117.00 and scoring 12 runs at 6.00; he was unable to complete either match, sustaining injuries during the second innings of both fixtures. These fitness problems resulted in his omission for the three other Tests. During the summer, Meckiff's bowling was passed by Col Egar, who later ended his career. He noted that the umpire had told him there was little point in changing his action.
Meckiff took match figures of 4/90 as Victoria started the season with a nine-wicket win over South Australia, but he managed only 2/122 as his state lost by an innings to the touring West Indies in the next fixture. The paceman removed Rohan Kanhai, who made 252 of the visitors' 493, and captain Frank Worrell, who contributed 82. During the heavy defeat, Meckiff equal top-scored with 24 not out in the first innings, as the hosts struggled against the mysterious spin of Sonny Ramadhin. Despite his unpenetrative performance with the ball, the paceman was retained for the First Test in Brisbane. The Caribbean team batted first and attacked Meckiff, taking more than seven runs per over from his bowling. The paceman ended with 1/129 from 18 overs as the visitors amassed 453; his only wicket was that of Gary Sobers for 132. The West Indian batsman had been particularly severe on Meckiff and was ironically dismissed by "the day's worst ball"— a leg side full toss that he hit to mid-on. In the second innings, Meckiff broke down after only four overs, but came out to bat on 14 December, late in Australia's climactic run-chase, for which he was often remembered. At the end of a dramatic final day, Australia needed seven runs from the final over for victory, and they had three wickets in hand. The home side had seemed destined for a win after Davidson and Benaud had fought back with a century stand for the seventh wicket in the final session. Both were well set and had passed 50, but the tourists halted Australia's momentum by running out Davidson with a direct hit from the last ball of the previous over. Benaud was caught behind on the second ball of the final over attempting a hook and Meckiff came to the crease to join Wally Grout. Five runs were needed from six balls with two wickets in hand.
The injured paceman blocked the first ball he faced—the third of the over—and ran a bye after missing the next. The West Indian wicket-keeper tried to run Meckiff out, but missed the stumps at the non-striker's end with the batsman many metres out of his ground. Grout top-edged the following ball straight up into the air, but the two fielders who converged beneath it collided and dropped the catch, allowing the Australians to take another run. The hosts thus needed three runs from the last three balls. Meckiff faced the sixth ball; it was a half volley and he lofted it over square leg. The ball looked as though it would reach the boundary for a match-winning four runs; however, after landing close to the fence, it stopped rolling a metre short on the slow outfield. Grout attempted a third run, which would have won the match, but an accurate long throw saw him run out. The last man Lindsay Kline came in for the final two balls, with scores level, and the Australian pair agreed to run under all circumstances. Meckiff backed up significantly in anticipation of a quick single, and set off for the winning run after his partner hit the ball to square leg. However, he was run out by roughly a metre when Joe Solomon directly hit the stumps from side on, causing the first tie in Test history. Umpire Col Hoy said of his decision to give Meckiff out: "God, it was easy. He was miles out." The entire stadium—players and spectators alike—invaded the ground in excitement, but nobody was sure of the exact scores. It was only later that they realised the match was the first Tied Test; Meckiff initially thought Australia had lost and blamed himself for the result.
After missing the Australian victory in the Second Test due to injury, Meckiff returned for the Third Test and he was again attacked, taking 1/74 from 13 overs in the first innings, his sole victim being Conrad Hunte. He then broke down after five overs in the second innings. Davidson also left the field with injury and the tourists took advantage; they attacked the remaining bowlers, levelling the series 1–1. The Victorian did not recover in time for the rest of the Tests.
Persistently hampered by ankle and back injuries, Meckiff aggregated only 19 first-class wickets at 40 for the summer. His best innings performance was 4/39 against Queensland and he was unable to claim more than five wickets in any single match. In one match against arch-rivals New South Wales, the Victorian took a total of 5/155, all of his wickets being Test batsmen. Meckiff was not selected for the Ashes tour. His lack of form saved the Australian selectors the difficult choice of whether to omit him because of his action and avoid a potential run-in with umpires in England. Critics claimed that his new bowling action adopted in 1959–60 had made him legitimate but reduced his pace and effectiveness.
No-balled in the Sheffield Shield, 1962–63.
The throwing controversy subsided during the 1961 English season, and the 1961–62 Australian season was purely domestic, with no touring international teams. As a result, there were no pressing diplomacy imperatives involving throwing. Meckiff was Victoria's leading bowler with 28 wickets at 27.14 in eight matches and was not called. His best performance was 5/53 in the first innings of the match against Queensland at the MCG, which ended in defeat for the home team. Despite healthy results for the season overall, the paceman struggled and took match figures of 2/136 and 3/112 as Victoria lost both their matches against the dominant New South Wales XI, who won their ninth successive Shield. At the end of the season, Meckiff was part of an International XI that toured New Zealand and played against the hosts' national team and against teams from India and Pakistan. He had little success, taking four wickets at 53.00 in three matches.
In 1962–63, Meckiff was again under the spotlight when Ted Dexter's Englishmen toured Australia. He topped the bowling averages for the Australian first-class season with 58 wickets at 19.86 from ten matches, as Victoria won the Sheffield Shield, ending New South Wales' run of titles. Meckiff and Alan Connolly formed an effective pace pairing, helping Victoria to win four of its eight Shield games, and take first innings points in two others.
Meckiff was hoping to regain his Test place, and started his 1962–63 campaign in a Sheffield Shield match against South Australia. After Victoria made 174, the paceman took 4/65 to dismiss South Australia for 141 in the first innings. In the second innings he took 3/76 to help seal a win. He continued his early season form in taking match figures of 7/179 against Western Australia, but was unable to prevent defeat. Despite these performances, Meckiff was overlooked for the First Test. He had another chance to vie for national selection when Victoria played England after the opening Test, and took match figures of 4/90 as the tourists completed a five-wicket victory. He dismissed Ray Illingworth, Geoff Pullar and Alan Smith as Victoria took a four-run first innings lead, but the hosts collapsed in their second innings and Dexter's men reached their target of 180 with five wickets in hand.
Victoria then played the first of their two matches for the season against their arch-rivals New South Wales, just before the Second Test. Meckiff took 3/33, removing Grahame Thomas, Benaud and Martin as Victoria dismissed the reigning champions for 132. He contributed 32 runs at the end of the Victorian first innings reply, helping to extend his team's first-innings lead to 135 runs. In the New South Wales second innings Meckiff took 3/73, removing Test players Simpson, Davidson and Benaud, to leave his team with a target of 95 runs to win, which they reached with eight wickets in hand.
Despite this effort, he was not selected for the Second Test. His season was then marred when he was called for throwing for the first time in any competition. In January 1963, Victoria played South Australia at the Adelaide Oval. After Victoria had made 218, Meckiff removed both openers—Les Favell and Ken Cunningham—for the cost of 19 runs before Jack Kierse no-balled the fourth ball of his fourth over. He continued to bowl; his remaining deliveries were deemed legal by the umpires, and he ended with 5/84 in South Australia's reply of 8/408 declared. The hosts had a target of only 108 in the second innings for victory, but Meckiff removed Favell, Cunningham and Neil Dansie with the new ball to destabilise the run-chase. He ended with 3/25 as the South Australians stumbled to 7/86 and held on for a draw.
Meckiff took a total of 3/50 in a seven-wicket defeat of Western Australia before the return match against New South Wales, in which Victoria were 34 runs short of victory with seven wickets in hand when time ran out, Meckiff's match figures being 6/121. He had a final chance to push for Test selection in the second of his state's two matches against England. The tourists batted first and made 375; Meckiff took 5/93, dismissing Pullar, Peter Parfitt, Fred Titmus, David Allen and top-scorer Tom Graveney, who had made 185. He took 2/47 in the English second innings, removing Barry Knight and Ken Barrington. England set Victoria 287 for victory, and the hosts faced defeat before Meckiff batted late in the order to score 38 and help his side to a draw with one wicket in hand. Despite this continued run of prolific wicket-taking and his success against England, Meckiff was overlooked for the Fifth Test. In his absence, Australia struggled to make inroads into the English batting, and the series ended 1–1.
Victoria's season ended with consecutive matches against Queensland. In the first, Meckiff took a total of 5/88 as his side completed an innings victory at home. In the final match in Brisbane, his slower ball was no-balled in his fifth over of the second innings by umpire Bill Priem. Meckiff bowled 14 further overs without incident and ended the innings with 4/74. Victoria drew the match and sealed their Sheffield Shield victory. Meckiff had been the state's leading wicket-taker and one of the key figures in their triumph, but his bowling action was the main talking point at the end of the match.
Test no-ball.
Meckiff's performances as the leading wicket-taker during the 1962–63 season meant that he could not be justifiably denied national selection on grounds of productivity, so the matter of his legitimacy had to be resolved. Meanwhile, the retirement of pace spearhead Davidson left a vacancy in the Australian team ahead of the 1963–64 home Test series against South Africa. In the opening Shield matches of the season in Melbourne, Meckiff took match figures of 5/102 and 6/107 against South and Western Australia respectively. His wickets included Test batsmen Les Favell, Garry Sobers, Keith Slater and Barry Shepherd. In the latter match he took the first five wickets in the innings to reduce Western Australia to 5/54. Despite his contributions, Victoria were unable to secure victories against either of their opponents. However, as a result of these strong personal performances, Meckiff was selected for the First Test in Brisbane.
At the start of the season, the Australian Board of Control had issued a directive calling on the umpires to "get tough" in enforcing the laws of cricket, and asked the state associations to "back the umpires to the fullest extent". In the lead-up to the Test, Meckiff was the centre of media attention, and one report described him as cricket's "bogey man". The South Africans were reportedly stunned by Meckiff's selection, giving the impression that they considered him an illegitimate bowler. Reaction in England was also hostile, ahead of Australia's forthcoming tour in the English summer of 1964. Colin Ingleby-Mackenzie wrote in the "News of the World": "there is no room in cricket for throwers. Let us hope that...the Australian selectors realise this...otherwise the throwing war will be waged in earnest".
The Brisbane Test was dubbed "Meckiff's Test" by the Australian media; speculation abounded that the bowler was being chosen so he could be no-balled as a public relations effort to promote Australia's anti-throwing credentials. Keith Miller described the left-armer's selection as having "peppered this once drab-looking series into a curry hot-pot, with all the excitement and trimmings of an Alfred Hitchcock thriller". Miller further predicted that the umpires Egar and Lou Rowan would be having sleepless nights and predicted that the selectors would be biting their fingernails, adding that he hoped Meckiff was not being used as a scapegoat for the anti-throwing movement. Former Test leg spinner Bill O'Reilly—a correspondent for "The Sydney Morning Herald"—described the selection as "one of the most fantastic somersaults in cricket policies in our time". As a close friend of the fast bowler, umpire Egar was in a difficult situation; the duo had won a pairs lawn bowling competition just a few months earlier. Nevertheless, the paceman and umpire socialised freely at the pre-match function.
Incident.
In the Test match, which began on 6 December 1963, Australia batted first; Meckiff contributed seven runs before being bowled by Peter Pollock. On the second day, after the Australian innings ended on 435, South Africa began to bat just after the luncheon interval. Bowling from the Stanley Street End, Graham McKenzie conceded 13 runs from the first over. Meckiff took the ball for the second over, bowling from the Vulture Street End to South African captain Trevor Goddard. At the same time, the South African manager Ken Viljoen set up a camera square of the wicket among the spectators and began filming the left-armer's bowling action. Meckiff was no-balled four times by Egar—who was standing at square leg—in what would be his only over of the match. After the Victorian bowled a gentle "loosener" as his first ball (and escaped a front-foot no-ball call), "the drama began". Egar ruled the second, third, fifth and ninth balls to be throws, and therefore illegitimate. After the third and fifth balls—the latter a full toss that Goddard hit for four—Benaud came over to consult his fast bowler. After the ninth ball, Meckiff and Benaud had another meeting, and the remaining three balls were deemed to be fair. In the meantime, the crowd roared loudly, heckling Egar and supporting the beleaguered bowler. Meckiff had previously been passed in five countries, having played Tests in four of these nations. Egar had cleared his bowling on five previous occasions, in three Shield matches and two Tests; the Victorian had bowled 119.1 overs in these games without incident. Egar later said "My only judgement was what I saw at the time". Benaud removed his paceman from the attack and Meckiff did not bowl again in the match, later saying he could not remember the over because he was absorbed by a feeling of complete deflation.
Meckiff conceded eight runs—Goddard's boundary and the four no-balls—from his solitary over and the tourists were eventually out for 346. Meckiff did not bat in the second innings of the weather-interrupted match; Australia declared at 1/144 before South Africa reached 1/13 when the match ended as a draw. After his single over, Meckiff's participation in the match was limited to his fielding, during which he caught Goddard from the bowling of Benaud in the South African first innings. He retired from all forms of cricket at the end of the game, but continued to proclaim that his bowling action was fair.
Barry Gibbs, the secretary of the Queensland Cricket Association and the manager of the Australian team, called the "humiliation" of Meckiff "without a doubt the most dramatic and emotion-charged" sporting moment he had witnessed. Egar's actions also ignited "one of the most emotional crowd displays in Test history", as the public backed the paceman. During Meckiff's over, the crowd expressed strong disapproval of the umpire's calls. Half an hour before the close of the day's play, proceedings were suspended for two minutes as the crowd repeatedly chanted "We want Meckiff". When play ended, spectators stormed the field and carried the fast bowler off the arena on their shoulders, hailing him as a hero. They returned to the field and formed two lanes, booing Egar from the ground. After this incident, the Queensland Police escorted the umpire to and from the match venue. The police presence at the ground was increased because of fears the crowd might attack Egar or Benaud. During the Second Test, which was held in Meckiff's home town of Melbourne, Egar was given a police escort throughout the match after receiving death threats.
Reaction.
During a rest day after the second day's play the media dissected the events of the previous afternoon. The majority of reporters believed all of Meckiff's deliveries had been bowled with an identical action. Louis Duffus of the "Johannesburg Star" expressed "sympathy for Meckiff as well as admiration for Egar." The South African writer Charles Fortune said that Meckiff's action was "not according to the laws of cricket" although he would not call the Australian bowler a "chucker". England captain Dexter implicitly accused Meckiff of throwing, saying: "One courageous Australian umpire has brought it to a timely end".
Team manager Gibbs reported that at the end of the first day's play the Australian dressing room was stunned into silence. Egar asked Benaud for permission to enter, and after the Australian captain allowed him in, the umpire sat quietly for a period before speaking to some other players and then to Meckiff. The pair were close friends, and shook hands before putting their arms around one another's shoulders. The condemned bowler did not take Egar's judgment personally and did not have hard feelings about the incident. Egar claimed to be "the second most upset person in the world", and later added that he thought Meckiff's first ball was suspect. He said that he could have called more deliveries, but was worried whether the over would ever end.
When asked why he had not asked Meckiff to bowl at the other end to gauge the judgment of the other umpire, Lou Rowan, Benaud replied "over the years I have always accepted the umpire's decision". The Australian captain was criticised for being acquiescent, and one of his predecessors Lindsay Hassett believed Meckiff should have been used at reduced speed. Rowan later indicated his concurrence with Egar, writing in his book "The Umpire's Story", "There is nothing I can now say that will alter the opinions already expressed that his [Meckiff's] delivery was unfair". For his part, Meckiff said: "the game is bigger than the individual" and he backed Benaud's decision because doing otherwise "could only have added fuel to the controversy".
Retired Test umpires Col Hoy and Les Townsend were watching at the ground when Meckiff was called. The day after the incident, both asserted that they would not have no-balled the paceman. Hoy said he had never had any problem with the bowler's action during matches in which he officiated. He described Meckiff's action as "slightly different" but attributed this to an accentuated wrist action used in an attempt to get more life out of dead pitches, rather than his elbow. Townsend watched the paceman through binoculars and deemed all of his 12 deliveries to be identical. Townsend regarded Meckiff's arm action as "peculiar" but felt he did not throw. Former Test spinners Ian Johnson and Doug Ring said Meckiff's action was fair.
After his retirement, Meckiff agreed to put his name to a series of ghost-written articles about the no-ball incident. He said that Egar's calls "hit him like a dagger in the back", but described the umpire as "a fair and just man who acted according to his convictions".
Allegations of a conspiracy.
Sections of the cricket community believed Meckiff was no-balled to prove that Australia was serious about dealing with the wave of complaints regarding suspected throwing in the 1950s and 1960s. Leading cricket historian David Frith wrote: "Meckiff was a popular Australian, and won much sympathy among those who believed him innocent or to have been victimised in a 'clean-up campaign'." A dinner hosted by Don Bradman at his Adelaide home in January 1963 for visiting state captains was later cited to suggest that Meckiff may have been a sacrificial offering. At the dinner, attended by Bill Lawry of Victoria, Barry Shepherd, Ken Mackay and Benaud, Bradman had showed frame-by-frame slow motion film of Meckiff and other suspect Australian bowlers, which purportedly depicted incriminating actions. This indicated Bradman's doubts over Meckiff's legitimacy, yet Bradman was one of the selectors who agreed to the bowler's inclusion in the Brisbane Test team.
Many members of the Australian media alleged a conspiracy against Meckiff. Ian McDonald of Melbourne's "Sporting Globe" said the bowler's action had not changed in the previous eight years and stated: "the whole affair smacks of a set-up". Sydney's "Mirror" labelled the paceman "the most obvious fall-guy in Australian cricket history". On the third morning of the match, former first-class cricketer Percy Beames, writing for Melbourne's "The Age", claimed Meckiff had been used as a "sacrificial goat" and called for the selectors' resignation. Keith Miller wrote a column calling for Bradman's and Jack Ryder's removal from the selection panel, noting that they had watched Meckiff's performance against Western Australia which prompted his Test selection. Miller felt that if the selectors deemed the bowler illegitimate, then they should not have allowed him to be "executed" by the umpires. Jack Pollard said: "there is little doubt Meckiff was sacrificed to end the long-running controversy and the way it was done irked many cricket-lovers." Cricketer-turned-journalist Dick Whitington asserted that Benaud was aware his fast bowler had been set up, claiming that the Australian captain knew of Bradman's views on Meckiff's action. Whitington further cited the fact that Egar and Bradman had travelled from Adelaide to the Brisbane Test together as evidence of a plot. Others saw Bradman's tea-time conversation with Benaud after the no-balling as proof of a conspiracy. Benaud repudiated allegations claiming he was involved in a set-up.
Former Australian captain Hassett hinted at a conspiracy when he stated that, as the selectors must have considered Meckiff to be legitimate, then
If the selectors are right, Egar is wrong, and if he is incapable of interpreting the laws correctly, he should not stand in first-class cricket. On the other hand if the selectors as a body threw Meckiff into this arena merely to be tested by the opinion of a single umpire, they are very much guilty of passing the buck, and of exposing both the bowler and the umpire to extreme embarrassment.
The records of the Australian Board of Control attest to board member Clem Jones's protestations against Meckiff's inclusion when the selectors' proposed team list was submitted for approval. Jones cited the bowler's questionable action but the Chairman Ewart Macmillan rejected his objection as unconstitutional. Two other board members attempted to overrule the chairman, but their motion was defeated.
More than 40 years after the Meckiff incident, Jones was sure the bowler's fate had been predetermined. He said "They'd decided to do it a week before the game, so the poor bloke had no hope...I was chairman of the umpires selection committee." Jones remained convinced of Bradman's intention to have Meckiff called for throwing, something Bradman flatly denied. Gibbs remains suspicious of the motives for selecting Meckiff. He pointed out that although the pitch was conducive to spin bowling, Australia chose five specialist batsmen, two spinners and three fast bowlers. Gibbs speculated that the selection of an extra fast bowler—the most common strategy is to use four bowlers and six batsmen—instead of another batsman betrayed fears that Meckiff would be unable to complete the match. Alan Connolly remained adamant that his teammate's action was legitimate and implied a conspiracy, saying "I wasn't amazed Egar's call...There was a good reason for that which I can't disclose and won't disclose." Tom Veivers, who made his Test debut for Australia in Meckiff's last match, hinted at the same. He recalled Rowan's words at the pre-match function: "It's going to be a very interesting game".
Outside cricket.
After finishing high school, Meckiff worked as a hardware salesman and lived in Mentone until he married and moved to Beaumaris. The couple had a son. After his retirement, the former paceman worked in advertising, and as a cricket commentator. As of 2001, he was a senior executive with Boyer Sports Media and frequently worked with cricket administrators. However, he refused to play the sport—even at social level—after the incident in Brisbane.
Meckiff played Australian rules football for Mentone in the Federal League, helping them win the premiership in 1956. He received offers to play in the Victorian Football League, the top-tier competition at the time, but declined contracts so he could pursue his cricket career. Meckiff also played golf in pennant competition and captained the Victoria Golf Club.
In retirement, the throwing issue continued to dog the former paceman. Former Australian captain and teammate Simpson wrote a book titled "Captain's Story" in which he assailed various cricketers—Meckiff chief among them—for throwing. Meckiff sued for libel in a five-year case, which ended with an out-of-court settlement and apology from Simpson. Despite this, Meckiff has continued to socialise with people involved in his last Test, including Simpson, Egar, Gibbs, Rowan and Peter van der Merwe, South Africa's vice-captain. He says that he never brings up the topic of the no-ball with them. Victorian and Test teammate Lawry rated Meckiff "along with Graham McKenzie, Brian Booth, Peter Burge and one or two others as really nature's gentlemen" and said his exit was "one of the saddest of [Lawry's life". Lawry credited his fellow Victorian for being dignified despite the torment and said the bowler was a "pretty fair example of the old expression that good guys run last". Connolly said "'Meckie' was one of the nicest guys. It was to his great credit that he wasn't soured by the whole incident."

</doc>
<doc id="2853229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853229" title="Thiruda Thiruda">
Thiruda Thiruda

Thiruda Thiruda is a 1993 Tamil comedy thriller film co-written by Mani Ratnam and Ram Gopal Varma. The film directed by Mani Ratnam, had its soundtrack and background score composed by A. R. Rahman whilst the cinematography was handled by P. C. Sriram. The film opened to mixed critical reception as one among Deepavali releases and became an average grosser at the box office. In 1994, the film was premièred at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot.
Printed Indian currency, from the Reserve Bank of India security press at Nasik with an estimated value of 10 billion is stolen by underworld Gangster Vikram (Salim Ghouse) living in London. The container is snipped off from a goods carrier en route to New Delhi, through Vikram's henchman. The access card of the container is in the possession of pop star Chandralekha (Anu Agarwal). The CBI chief Laxminarayana (S. P. Balasubramaniam) is assigned to track down the stolen currency, which is already attested by the governor of the Reserve Bank of India. On her way to Vikram chandralekha comes across two burglar's Kadhir (Anand) and Azhagu (Prashanth) who are on the run from the police - having in tow country-girl Rasathi (Heera Rajagopal) whom they kept from committing suicide and who then ran away from her ruthless uncle. Laxminarayan's assignment will lead him to Ashok Tejani, and then the two burglars, who are on the run from the Police along with the suicidal village belle. His efforts will be frustrated even more after Ashok is killed and his girlfriend Chandralekha, is absconding; and the entry of the international drug dealer himself, simply known as Vikram, who will stop at nothing to get his hands on the loot. After some attempts of cheating each other Chandralekha is making friends with the thieves. When she discovers that Vikram is stopping at nothing - especially not at dead bodies - on his hunt after the loot, she informs the three others about the real value of the code card. In the following pursuit between Vikram, the four heroes and a special police brigade which has to get back the money before a state crisis comes about, there is not only fierce action, but also love comes to its own.
Production.
J. D. Chakravarthy was initially meant to play the role of Kadhir, but was ultimately replaced by Anand. Salim Ghouse, a renowned theatre artist, was roped into play an antagonist in a rare commercial film appearance. Aishwarya, daughter of actress Lakshmi, was also approached for a role in the film but refused the opportunity. K. V. Anand was amongst P. C. Sriram's assistant cinematographers in the film.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features 8 songs composed by A. R. Rahman, with lyrics by Vairamuthu. The album, along with that of "Roja" is regarded as a masterpiece from the acclaimed musician with many fans considering it among his best work, and helped establish Rahman as one of the top artistes in South India. The film's songs are notable for two reasons - the introduction of relatively unknown vocalists into mainstream Tamil playback singing and the extensive use of experimental sounds, including (Western) orchestral elements and techno instrumental music in familiar Indian cinematic music settings. While vocalist Anupama in the technopop song "Chandralekha" and the Chinese singer Caroline in "Thee Thee" sang their first mainstream songs, the late singer Shahul Hameed was roped in to sing "Raasathi". Major innovations in Indian music include Acapella (extensive instrumental use of human voices) in "Thee Thee" and "Raasathi" and the incorporation of operatic and techno elements in the main theme and in "Chandralekha". The song "Veerapandi Kottayile" became a big hit across South India, inspiring the tune for a popular Malayalam slogan, "Thekku Thekkoru Deshathu".

</doc>
<doc id="2853230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853230" title="Instructional animation">
Instructional animation

Instructional animations are animations that are used either to provide instructions for immediate performance of a task or to support more permanent learning of subject matter. While both of these uses can be described as instructional animations, when the goal is to support learning, the term educational animation may be preferred.

</doc>
<doc id="2853233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853233" title="Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii">
Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii

Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii (English: The Story of Each Home) was an Indian soap opera that aired on STAR Plus from 2000-2008. It starred Sakshi Tanwar as Parvati Om Agarwal in the lead role of the series which tells the story of the successful Agarwal family. It was produced by Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms. The final episode of the show aired on October 9, 2008.
Plot summary.
The story follows Vishwanath Agarwal (Deepak Qazir Kejriwal)and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="2853238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853238" title="Supernumerary">
Supernumerary

Supernumerary is an adjective which means "exceeding the usual number". When used as a noun, "supernumerary" means a temporary employee, additional society member, or extra manpower, usually in a function which has a temporary contract. Its counterpart, "numerary", is a civil designation for persons who are incorporated in a fixed or permanent way to a society or group, meaning a regular member of the working staff; permanent staff or member.
The terms "supernumerary" and "numerary" have long been commonly used in the Spanish and Latin American academy and government; they are now also used in countries all over the world, such as France, Great Britain, Italy, and the US. For example, in the Roman army, "supernumerarii" were either public officers attendant to several of the Roman magistrates or a kind of soldier who filled the places of those killed or disabled by their wounds, or otherwise brought up the ranks to strength.
The supernumerary role is commonplace in numerous fields. For example, there are supernumerary actors, judges, knights, ladies, military personnel, ministers, police officers, professors, and writers.
Types of supernumeraries.
There are many types of supernumeraries, depending on the society where they belong:

</doc>
<doc id="2853240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853240" title="Educational animation">
Educational animation

Educational animations are animations produced for the specific purpose of fostering learning. 
The popularity of using animations to help learners understand and remember information has greatly increased since the advent of powerful graphics-oriented computers. This technology allows animations to be produced much more easily and cheaply than in former years. Previously, traditional animation required specialised labour-intensive techniques that were both time-consuming and expensive. In contrast, software is now available that makes it possible for individual educators to author their own animations without the need for specialist expertise. Teachers are no longer limited to relying on static graphics but can readily convert them into educational animations.
Animations for Education.
Educators are enthusiastically taking up the opportunities that computer animation offers for depicting dynamic content. For example, PowerPoint now has an easy-to-use animation facility that, "in the right hands", can produce very effective educational animations. Because animations can explicitly depict changes over time (temporal changes), they seem ideally suited to the teaching of processes and procedures. When used to present dynamic content, animations can mirror both the changes in "position" (translation), and the changes in "form" (transformation) that are fundamental to learning this type of subject matter. 
In contrast with static pictures, animations can show temporal change "directly" (rather than having to indicate it indirectly using auxiliary markings such as arrows and motion lines). Using animations instead of static graphics removes the need for these added markings so that displays can be not only simpler and less cluttered, but also more vivid, engaging, and more intuitively comprehended. In addition, the learner does not have to interpret the auxiliary markings and try to infer the changes that they summarise. Such interpretation and inference may demand a level of graphicacy skills that the learner does not possess. With animated depictions, information about the changes involved is available to be read straight from the display without the learner needing to perform mental animation. It's a bit of an exaggeration, but it's more like being kissed instead of reading about a kiss.
Do Animations Make Learning Faster?
Well-designed animations may help students learn faster and easier. They are also excellent aid to teachers when it comes to explaining difficult subjects. The difficulty of subjects may arise due to the involvement of mathematics or imagination. For instance, the electric current is invisible. The operation of electric circuits is difficult for students to understand at the beginning. With the aid of computer animations, learning and teaching might become easier, faster and amusing.
Educational Effectiveness.
Why is it that animations sometimes lack educational effectiveness? One possible reason is that the target learners can't process the presented information adequately. For example, it seems that when the subject matter is complex, learners may be overwhelmed by animated presentations. This is related to the role of visual perception and cognition in human information processing. Our human perceptual and cognitive systems have limited capacities for processing information. If these limits are exceeded when using an animation, learning may be compromised. For example, the pace at which the animation presents its information may exceed the speed at which the learner can process it effectively. You'll probably find it quite demanding to work out exactly what's happening in the accompanying animation (part of a pumping system) for this reason. But the solution is obvious: slow the animation down and accompany it with a written explanation. It is unlikely that superior learning is achieved by thoughtlessly substituting animation for a static graphic but by having it accompany textual explication. Another suggestion for addressing such problems is to provide user control for the learner over how the animation plays. User controllable animations allow learners to vary aspects such as the playing speed and direction, labels and audio commentary to suit themselves.
Perceptual Salience versus Thematic Relevance.
Complexity of the subject matter may not be the only reason for difficulties that learners sometimes have with animations. It seems that problems can also arise from the perceptual effects of such presentations. In a poorly designed animation, the information that learners notice most readily in the animation may not be the information that is of greatest importance. Conversely, information that is relatively inconspicuous may be very important. You can see an example of this in the top right hand corner of the accompanying animation. Tucked away here is a small grey-coloured valve whose subtle movement lets air into this pumping system (which is where the bubbles come from). However, it's nowhere near as noticeable as the big, more central, orange-coloured valve that is going up and down so obviously. The point is that animations should not appear in a vacuum and most will require accompanying explanation.
Obviously, perceptibility of information does not necessarily correspond with its actual relevance to the learning task to be performed. Features of the animated display that are most conspicuous because of their contrast with the rest of the display are not always the best place for learners to direct their attention. In other words, there can be a poor correspondence between the "perceptual salience" ('noticeability') of a feature and its "thematic relevance", and an accompanying text is needed to correct this.
This correspondence problem can occur with both static and animated graphics. On a purely perceptual level, our attention tends to be attracted by some parts of a static display more than by other parts due to their visuospatial properties. For example, an object that is centrally placed, relatively large, unusually shaped, and of a sharply contrasting colour or texture is likely to 'jump out' of the display so that we notice it very easily. Other items in the display may receive correspondingly less attention as a result. Well-designed static educational graphics take advantage of these perceptual effects. They manipulate the characteristics of the display in order to direct learner attention to the most relevant information. This helps to ensure that the learner will extract the required information from the display. There is a problem in the design of the animation shown above in this respect. Unfortunately, there are many 'educational' graphics being produced that fail to provide learners with sufficient support of this type. Designers of animation need to take such consideration into account.
Dynamic Contrast.
The correspondence problems due to perceptual characteristics of a display are compounded when we go from a static to an animated graphic. Because of their dynamic character, educational animations introduce a further challenge to information extraction beyond those found with static graphics. Certain aspects of a display that changes over time have the potential to capture learner attention. If there is sufficient "dynamic contrast" between one or more items in the display and their surroundings, the effect can be very compelling in a perceptual sense. It seems that a fundamental level, our perceptual system is attuned to detect and follow such changes, irrespective of their importance in terms of the subject matter. As with static displays discussed above, items that are perceptually compelling (in this case because of their dynamic character) may not necessarily be of great thematic relevance to the given learning task. The big orange float in the accompanying animation is far more perceptible than the small grey air valve because of both its visuospatial characteristics, and its high level of dynamic contrast with the rest of the display.
The misleading effects of dynamic contrast are likely to be particularly problematic for learners who lack background knowledge in the content domain depicted in an animation. These learners can be largely in the thrall of the animation's raw perceptual effects and so tend to process the presented information in a bottom-up manner. For example, their attention within the display is likely to be directed to items that have conspicuous dynamic characteristics. As a result, there is a danger that they will attend to unimportant information merely because it is perceptually compelling. However, learners who already have considerable domain specific background knowledge are likely to be less influenced by perception alone. This is because their attention is also directed to a considerable extent by their knowledge of which aspects of the subject matter are of most relevance (irrespective of their perceptibility). As a result, their processing of information in the display has a more top-down character. In the pumping system animation example, the air valve would be noticed by those who are already familiar with pumps in general because their existing background knowledge would put them on the lookout for crucial (but visually insignificant) parts of the mechanism.

</doc>
<doc id="2853242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853242" title="Uranium metallurgy">
Uranium metallurgy

In materials science and materials engineering, uranium metallurgy is the study of the physical and chemical behavior of uranium and its alloys.
Commercial-grade uranium can be produced through the reduction of uranium halides with alkali or alkaline earth metals. Uranium metal can also be made through electrolysis of KUF5 or UF4, dissolved in a molten CaCl2 and NaCl. Very pure uranium can be produced through the thermal decomposition of uranium halides on a hot filament.
The uranium isotope 235U is used as the fuel for nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons. It is the only isotope existing in nature to any appreciable extent that is fissile, that is, fissionable by thermal neutrons. The isotope 238U is also important because it absorbs neutrons to produce a radioactive isotope that subsequently decays to the isotope 239Pu (plutonium), which also is fissile. Uranium in its natural state comprises just 0.71% 235U and 99.3% 238U, and the main focus of uranium metallurgy is the enrichment of uranium through isotope separation.

</doc>
<doc id="2853246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853246" title="WalkSAT">
WalkSAT

GSAT and WalkSat are local search algorithms to solve Boolean satisfiability problems.
Both algorithms work on formulae that are in, or have been converted into, conjunctive normal form. They start by assigning a random value to each variable. If the assignment satisfies all clauses, the algorithm terminates, returning the assignment. Otherwise, a variable is flipped and the above is then repeated until all the clauses are satisfied. WalkSAT and GSAT differ in the methods used to select which variable to flip.
GSAT makes the change which minimizes the number of unsatisfied clauses in the new assignment, or with some probability picks a variable at random.
WalkSAT first picks a clause which is unsatisfied by the current assignment, then flips a variable within that clause. The clause is generally picked at random among unsatisfied clauses. The variable is generally picked that will result in the fewest previously satisfied clauses becoming unsatisfied, with some probability of picking one of the variables at random. When picking at random, WalkSAT is guaranteed at least a chance of one out of the number of variables in the clause of fixing a currently incorrect assignment. When picking a guessed to be optimal variable, WalkSAT has to do less calculation than GSAT because it's considering fewer possibilities.
The algorithm may restart with a new random assignment if no solution has been found for too long, as a way of getting out of local minima of numbers of unsatisfied clauses.
Many versions of GSAT and WalkSat exist. WalkSAT has been proven particularly useful in solving satisfiability problems produced by conversion from automated planning problems. The approach to planning that converts planning problems into Boolean satisfiability problems is called satplan.
MaxWalkSat is a variant of WalkSat designed to solve the weighted satisfiability problem, in which each clause has associated with a weight, and the goal is to find an assignment—one which may or may not satisfy the entire formula—that maximizes the total weight of the clauses satisfied by that assignment. 

</doc>
<doc id="2853247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853247" title="Arief Budiman">
Arief Budiman

Arief Budiman (born January 3, 1941 in Jakarta), also known as Soe Hok Djin (), is the older brother of Soe Hok Gie. He graduated from Kolese Kanisius, a Jesuit high school, and then Universitas Indonesia where he earned a bachelor degree in psychology in 1968. In 1980, he earned his Ph.D. in sociology from Harvard University, USA. He is a Chinese Indonesian sociologist and was a lecturer at the Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana, Salatiga, Indonesia until 1996. From 1997 until the time of this writing, he is a professor in Indonesian studies in University of Melbourne, Australia.
He is a vocal critic of Indonesian politics. For example, he is quoted in Adam Schwarz's book "A Nation in Waiting" (1994 edition) as having elucidated the following analysis of third world democracy in 1992, while Suharto was still in power:
"The first is what I would call loan democracy. This democracy exists when the state is very strong so it can afford to be criticised. A sort of democratic space then emerges in which people can express their opinions freely. However, when the state thinks the criticism has gone too far, it will simply take back the democracy that it has only lent. The people have no power to resist. There is, second, limited democracy. This democracy exists only when there is a conflict among the state elites ... People can criticise one faction of the 'powers that be' and be protected by the opposite faction ... However, when the conflict within the elite is over, this democratic space will probably disappear also."

</doc>
<doc id="2853249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853249" title="All Live and All of the Night">
All Live and All of the Night

All Live and All of the Night is a live album by The Stranglers. The release peaked at No. 12 in the UK Albums Chart in March 1988.
In 1986, The Stranglers played their first concerts for two years. By now the band were into their ninth studio album, "Dreamtime", and had added a horn-section to the live presentation. The concerts from which tracks were taken span the period from April 1985 to August 1987. The live recording of "All Day and All of the Night" was dropped in favour of a "live" version specially recorded in the studio, as the true live recording was not considered to be up to the desired quality for this album.
Additional information.
Live sets recorded at: Le Zenith, Paris 29 April 1985, Hammersmith Odeon, London 31 March 1987 and The Reading Festival 30 August 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2853254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853254" title="Iruvar">
Iruvar

Iruvar () is a 1997 Indian Tamil political drama film co-written, directed and produced by Mani Ratnam. The film, loosely based on the relationship between cinema and politics in Tamil Nadu, features Mohanlal, Prakash Raj, Aishwarya Rai, Tabu, Gouthami, Revathi and Nassar in pivotal roles. Rai, a former Miss World, made her screen debut through this film in dual characters. The film had a very successful music and acclaimed background score composed by A. R. Rahman and the cinematography was by Santosh Sivan. It was dubbed into Telugu as "Iddaru "and in Malayalam in the same name.
The film was showcased in the Masters section at the 1997 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was a critical success and won the Best Film award at the Belgrade International Film Festival and two National Film Awards. In 2012, "Iruvar" was included by critic Rachel Dwyer in the 2012 British Film Institute Sight and Sound 1000 greatest films of all time which is considered to be one of the most respected film polls all over the world.
Plot.
Set in the 1950s, the film begins with Anandan (Mohanlal), a struggling actor, seeking opportunities which will give him a big break in the film industry. Under his uncle's help, Anandan is given an opportunity to audition for the lead role in a forthcoming film. He arrives in the studio and practices his combat skills with sword props provided on the sets while waiting for the director and the crew. At this juncture, he meets Tamizhselvan (Prakash Raj), a small time writer who enters the studio with some sarcastic poetry and this prompts both into a little debate. The debate turns into a mutual respect into each other, and impressed by Tamizhselvan's skills, Anandan requests Tamizhselvan to write dialogues for him to recite during the audition.
With the help of Tamizhselvan's dialogues, Anandan floors the director during the audition and is hired as the hero of the film. Anandan's friendship with Tamizhselvan grows as a result, and Anandan is introduced to Tamizhselvan's political party which is led by Velu Annachi (Nassar). He grows to the party's ideology as time passes by. Anandan then marries a village belle Pushpa (Aishwarya Rai) while Tamizhselvan marries another village girl (Revathy) under the supervision of the party leader. When Anandan returns to Madras, he is greeted by the bad news that the production of the film has been cancelled due to financial difficulties. As Tamizhselvan jubilates at his party's victory, a depressed Anandan is forced to return to old ways of playing extras in the movies. He even loses motivation and doesn't act some parts out well, causing further demotion in his roles. Anandan also sends Pushpa back to her village due to his financial difficulties. At one of the shootings, Anandan is greeted by his mother and uncle with the news that Pushpa has died due to a freak accident in her house. Tamizhselvan travels down to console a grief-stricken Anandan of his wife's death.
Few days later, Anandan's assistant (Delhi Ganesh) informs him that he has been called up for an audition of the same director's new project (the director who hired him for the stalled movie). Anandan is elated and calls up Tamizhselvan, who abandons his pregnant wife while she is giving birth to rush to aid Anandan. He writes dialogues for Anandan once again and the movie starts rolling. Anandan is paired with a rising actress Ramani (Gauthami) for the film. The film receives tremendous response upon release and becomes a huge success, propelling Anandan into fame. At this time, Tamizhselvan encourages Anandan to use his popularity to help the party gain attention. While shooting for his next venture, Anandan and Ramani have some romantic brushes, which causes Ramani's uncle (Nizhalgal Ravi), who lusts over her, to beat her up. Ramani comes to Anandan seeking refuge, and Anandan marries her. At this juncture, the party leader Velu Annachi(Nassar) passes away. Before passing away, Velu Annachi has handed Anandan an important mantle in the party, much to the displeasure of Tamizhselvan who thinks Anandan is just a film star is not exactly passionate about the party. When Anna passes away, both Tamizhsevan and Anandan's names come to the fore as the party's new leader, and Tamizhselvan is voted the new leader. He however keeps Anandan only as a party spokesperson and doesn't provide him a ministry position. During a car trip with fellow members, Anandan's aides start breeding hatred by Anandan on Tamizhselvan, saying that Tamizhselvan purposely did not include Anandan in the cabinet. An infuriated Anandan chases the flamers away from his car, but has doubts in his mind nevertheless. Anandan finally asks Tamizhselvan for a ministry position which Tamizhselvan ridicules, finally flaming rivalry between the two.
Tamizhselvan is later shown to have an extramarital affair with a village girl who loves literature (Tabu), whom he first met while fighting for his party's causes before the party became successful. He marries her as his second wife subsequently. Meanwhile, Anandan, after his marriage with Ramani, calls up a new actress to audition to be his next heroine (it was a norm for an actor to work with same actress repeatedly during those days). The actress Kalpana (Aishwarya Rai again) resembles the late Pushpa, making Anandan uncomfortable. Ramani however insists that the actress is very talented and should be hired. Their association starts and the open nature of Kalpana's approach towards him makes Anandan more uncomfortable. Anandan finally reveals the truth about Pushpa, and this sparks off an affair between Anandan and Kalpana. In an ensuing party function held to pay tribute to Anna, Anandan creates controversy by revealing some inside truths of discomfort within the party, prompting Tamizhselvan to sack him from the party.
Anandan retaliates by forming his own party to stand in the election. His party priorities see him distancing himself from Kalpana, to whom he has promised to marry. An infuriated Kalpana walks out and starts doing social work. Anandan's star power enables him to win the election as he uses his films to spread his political propaganda. As he becomes the new chief minister, a key deputy jumps from Tamizselvan's party to Anandan's party, in the belief that Anandan's reign will see less dirty politics. This sparks off a cat and mouse game as Tamizhselvan and Anandan start devising tactics to outdo each other. This includes Anandan having to order Tamizhselvan's arrest after some riots broke out. It slowly dawns that Anandan's reign is no different from Tamizhselvan's and the deputy points out that the same corruption exists in Anandan's reign, to which Anandan says it's the nature of politics. Anandan meets Kalpana again while she is doing social work after a while, and sends his assistant (Delhi Ganesh) to bring her back. While in the car, Kalpana, Anandan's assistant, and his driver meet with a fatal accident.
A distraught Anandan loses motivation after that as life begins to dawn upon him. Tamizhselvan, who just gets released from jail also slows down in his tactics to dethrone Anandan as age catches up with both of them. During the wedding of the grand daughter of Velu Annachi, Anandan and Tamizhselvan meet each other and share a gracious handshake. The wedding takes place in the same place where they first met, prompting some memories and sly smiles from both of them. At the conclusion of the wedding, Anandan loses his footing and falls. The next morning, Ramani tries in vain to wake up Anandan but he had died in his sleep.
Tamizhselvan receives the news that Anandan has died. Initially he thinks that as a rumour but later is proved true. He attends the funeral but is unable to see the body as it is being dressed for the funeral parade. Realizing that people there will always assume him as an enemy of Anandan, he heads back to the place they first met and in an emotional monologue, recites poetry mourning his friend's death which depicts the depth of their friendship. The film ends as Anandan's body is paraded across the streets, mourned by a legion of film fans and politicians, finally coming to the crematorium and being cremated.
Production.
Development.
In October 1995, Mani Ratnam announced that he was set to make a feature film titled "Anandan" featuring dialogues written by Suhasini with Mohanlal and Aishwarya Rai in the lead roles. Initial speculation suggested that the film would visualise the duel between LTTE supremo Vellupillai Prabhakaran and his former deputy Mahattiya, who was executed in 1995 for an alleged plot to kill his mentor, with Aishwarya Rai reported to be playing Indira Gandhi. Mani Ratnam was quick to deny any political backdrop claiming that the film would be about the Indian movie industry, however this proved to bluff the public as the film was to be set within a political canvas. The film was later retitled "Iruvar" (The Duo) and the idea to make a film on the lives of 1980s Tamil Nadu political icons M. G. Ramachandran and M. Karunanidhi and their influential relationship between Tamil cinema and Dravidian politics by Mani Ratnam was sparked by a conversation he had with renowned Malayalam author, M. T. Vasudevan Nair.
Casting.
When interviewed about the difficulties of casting, Mani Ratnam revealed he "struggled" citing that that casting "is most important as far as performance is concerned" and that "fifty per cent of the job is done if you cast correctly". Mohanlal was chosen to play Anandan, a character inspired by the former actor-politician M. G. Ramachandran and about his performance in the film, Mani Ratnam claimed that Mohanlal had "the ability to make everything absolutely realistic with the least amount of effort". He described that debutant Aishwarya Rai, the former Miss World beauty pageant winner, who appeared in two different characters - one inspired by actress-politician Jayalalitha, as a "tremendous dancer" and "having a lot of potential". The director revealed that the only difficulty Mohanlal and Aishwarya had was the language, both being non-Tamil speakers adding that the pair had to work hard over the dubbing trying to get as close to the Tamil tongue. The actor to play the role of Tamizhselvan, inspired by politician M. Karunanidhi, took substantially longer to finalise with the initial choice, Nana Patekar, withdrawing after several discussions. Mohanlal's Malayalam counterpart Mammootty was offered the role but declined the offer, as did leading actors Kamal Hassan, Sathyaraj and Mithun Chakraborty. Mani Ratnam also called Madhavan, then a small-time model for the screen test, but left him out of the project citing that he thought his eyes looked too young for a senior role. Subsequently Prakash Raj, who had played a small role in Mani Ratnam's 1994 film "Bombay" was signed up to essay the character. Prakash Raj initially told Mani Ratnam that he was unprepared to essay such a delicate role in such short notice, with Prakash Raj later revealing that Mani Ratnam nurtured the character and brought self-confidence into the actor. Renowned for being a perfectionist film-maker, Mani Ratnam made Prakash Raj take 25 takes for his first shot, lasting over six hours. Actress Tabu was also signed to play an important role in the film and shot for "Iruvar" alongside her Tamil debut film, "Kadhal Desam".
Filming.
The film was shot across 1996 and schedules were canned all across India from Kerala to Leh with Mohanlal stating that it was the longest duration he had shot for a film. The film was briefly stopped by the FEFSI strike of 1996, making technicians unavailable for use, but Mani Ratnam carried on filming and completed a song using only natural light. After the shooting for "Iruvar" was completed, Mani Ratnam asked Prakash Raj to dub in Tamil himself for the first time, with his work taking four days to complete.
Release.
The censors saw the film on December 31, 1996 and opined that various characters in the film reflected the personal lives of some politicians and accordingly a certificate was denied. Following the producer’s protest, it was seen by an eight-member revising committee on January 2, 1997 which suggested deletion of some objectionable portions and cleared the film for U/A certification. Four dialogues from the film were subsequently cut.
Two days before the release of the film, Dravidar Kazhagam president K. Veeramani threatened to mobilise public opinion against its screening in theatres, because he felt that it contained “objectionable” footage denigrating the Dravidian movement founded by Periyar. The politician threatened legal action, if the film was screened in theatres without removing what he perceived as the “offending” portion, but Mani Ratnam dismissed that Veeramani was making rushed conclusions without having seen the film.
A month after release in February 1997, the regional chief of the censor board G. Rajasekharan brought up the issue again and referred the film to the Indian Home Office for “advice”, threatening that if more scenes were not deleted, it might ultimately, lead to a law and order problem.
Criticism.
The movie dealt with a very sensitive subject. The two men whose lives were chronicled enjoy an enormous fan following. The dash and flair and captivating oratorical abilities of M. Karunanidhi has attracted many millions over the 50 years of his political life. M. G. Ramachandran enjoys a semi-divine status in Tamil Nadu with people constructing temples for him. On account of this the movie invited much criticism from both the camps. Moreover the personal lives of the lead characters (their extramarital relations, ego problems) have been portrayed with near accuracy in the film. M. G. Ramachandran is shown as a relentless womanizer who meets his match in the wiles of J Jayalalithaa. When the movie was released, various political parties staged demonstrations to prevent theaters from showing the movie. Still it is regarded as one of Mani Rathnam's best works. The movie enjoys enormous fan following among the Tamils in the world and has achieved cult status. DVDs of the movie are continuously in demand.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack features six songs composed by A. R. Rahman with lyrics penned by Vairamuthu. It has songs ranging from pure Carnatic to Tamil folk and jazz. Rahman blended two Carnatic ragas—""Naatai"" and ""Ghambeera Naatai""—in "Narumugaye". "Venilla Venilla", sung by veteran singer Asha Bhonsle, and "Hello Mister Edirkatchi" are based on jazz music. "Udal Mannukku" and "Unnodu Naan Irundha" were recitals sung by actor Arvind Swamy. The soundtrack proved to be very successful, upon its release. The songs "Hello Mister Edirkatchi", "Narumugaye" & "Kannai Kattikolathey" are still very popular.
The Background Score of this film is very rich and was largely appreciated. Rahman composed several leitmotifs for this film. In many scenes, the Background Score played a very key role in elevating emotions. It is often considered as Rahman's best Scoring efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="2853255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853255" title="Johnny Rahm">
Johnny Rahm

Johnny Rahm (June 11, 1965 – November 7, 2004) was the stage name of Barry "J.T." Rogers, an American former gay pornographic film actor and magazine model.
Biography.
Christian upbringing.
Barry Thomas Rogers, who was known to friends as "J.T.," was born in Milledgeville, Georgia, the son of J.T. and Connie Rogers, and raised in a conservative Baptist home. He had two sisters (Kim and Angela) and a brother (Scott). He attended Gilead Christian Academy, a Christian high school in Macon, Georgia and the fundamentalist Bob Jones University (BJU) in Greenville, South Carolina. Rogers was expelled from the university midway through his senior year when he chose to come out. He had a Celtic cross tattooed above his right biceps, clearly visible in all his pornographic films.
Rogers had minor roles in films outside of the gay porn industry. He was an extra in the made-for-TV movie "Unconquered", was twice a contestant on "The Dating Game" (winning once), and appeared on the Jerry Lewis MDA Telethon as a Jerry Lewis impersonator.
Gay porn star.
In 1988, Rogers moved to California and worked for more than a decade in the gay pornography industry, often making films for Chi Chi LaRue. He won two Adult Erotic Gay Video Awards: "Best Supporting Actor" in 1993 for the film "Body Search" (directed by Chi Chi Larue) and in 1995 for "All about Steve" he also won the AVN Award for "Best Supporting Actor" for the latter film. He also was employed at Drakes Melrose, Pier One Imports, and worked as a barback for the Atlanta club, "The Metro".
He moved to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1999 and tried stand-up comedy, but he struggled financially. After being diagnosed as HIV-positive, he continued to make pornographic films, working with Atlanta-based producer Dick Wadd to make hardcore and bareback sex films.
Suicide.
After April 2004 Rogers shared a house with his friend Adam Kahn in midtown Atlanta and sought financial assistance to find a home of his own. Rogers suffered from chronic depression, and lived with both HIV and hepatitis. He committed suicide on 7 November 2004 by hanging himself with wire on the fence of the Atlanta Botanical Garden. A suicide note complained of his frustration at not being able to receive assistance from Social Security.
After his death, his cousin Jamey Rousey, who worked with the Atlanta AIDS Partnership Fund, called Rogers "a kind and gentle soul, and as tragic as his death was, I hope he’s found the peace he couldn’t find in life."

</doc>
<doc id="2853258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853258" title="Melvyl">
Melvyl

Melvyl is the name of the online catalog of the University of California's library system. The Melvyl System is produced by the California Digital Library — an academic initiative of the UC Office of the President in downtown Oakland, California. Melvyl is named after Melvil Dewey, the library pioneer who invented the Dewey Decimal System. Melvyl is now supported by the OCLC's WorldCat Local platform.
Overview.
The Melvyl database contains over 30 million records from the:
Melvyl is a registered trademark owned by the University of California.
History.
Melvyl began as a library automation system in 1977. Merging MARC records from the UC campuses into a union catalog was first done in a microfiche format. Online access began in 1980 as a prototype for library staff. In 1981, library patrons were able to access an online electronic catalog of UC library books using a computer terminal. At one point, the Division of Library Automation maintained their own computer network that connected all the UC campuses, including some satellite links. Melvyl ran on a mainframe computer, and the UC Division of Library Automation did development work to implement TCP/IP in order to provide telnet access. A world wide web version was also developed.
The mainframe system, retired in 2003, was replaced using commercial software from the integrated library system vendor Ex Libris. A legacy telnet mode retired in 2007.
The Ex Libris version was retired in June 2011 and Melvyl is now supported by OCLC's WorldCat Local platform.

</doc>
<doc id="2853273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853273" title="Kraz">
Kraz

Kraz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2853280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853280" title="Alaipayuthey">
Alaipayuthey

Alaipayuthey is a 2000 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Mani Ratnam, starring Madhavan and Shalini, the film explores the tensions of married life and the maturing of love. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman.
The film's story is mostly recollected in flashbacks by the character Karthik (Madhavan). Karthik and Shakti (Shalini) fall in love against the backdrop of Chennai and its suburban trains, against the wishes of their parents. The film was well received by critics and it did well at the Tamil and Telugu box-offices primarily for its music and realistic portrayal of romance and married life. It was dubbed into Telugu as "Sakhi".
The film made its European premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2001. It was shown at various film festivals nationally and internationally. It also carried a very popular soundtrack, composed by A. R. Rahman. "Alaipayuthey" was later remade in Hindi cinema as "Saathiya", directed by Shaad Ali in 2002, starring Rani Mukherjee and Vivek Oberoi.
Plot.
Karthik (Madhavan) is an engineering graduate who happens to lay eyes on Shakti (Shalini), a medical student, at a wedding. The two meet regularly after their that on suburban trains, to and from work and university. Karthik and Shakti eventually fall in love. Karthik's father Varadarajan, a lawyer, learns of the relationship and meets Shakti's dad Selvaraj. He asks Selvaraj, a railways employee, for his consent to a marriage between the two young lovers. However, upon meeting, the two parents disagree and the wedding is called off. Shakti decides not to get married without her parents' consent, and the relationship is called off altogether.
Unable to stay separated for very long, coupled with chance meetings, Karthik and Shakti find themselves resuming their relationship, albeit secretly, without the knowledge of their respective families. They decide to get married, without telling anyone, but carry on living with their parents, hoping that a time will come when both families will see eye to eye and can be told of the development. With the help of their friends, and Shakti's older sister Poorni (Swarnamalya), they marry legally, and they continue to meet without their parents' knowledge.
Poorni gets an engagement proposal soon after. Poorni is willing to marry the suitor - Raghu. The prospective groom's father offers his second son's hand in marriage to Shakti. Shakti's mother Saroja urges her to accept the marriage proposal, unaware of the fact that Karthik and Shakti are already together. Shakti eventually tells the truth, and Poorni's engagement is called off. Karthik and Shakthi are thrown out of their homes.
With the help of friends, Shakti and Karthik move into an apartment, in development. They cope for a while, however it's not too long before the couple start arguing over various issues that the two seemed so much more tolerant of before they got married. The tension escalates. Shakti learns that her father is seriously ill back home. She and Karthik decide it would be best to visit him. Upon arrival they get the news that her father has died. Wracked with guilt, the two return home, their relationship taking a turn for the worse.
The two stop talking to each other. Meanwhile, Karthik takes it upon himself to sort out Poorni's adjourned marriage proposal to Raghu. He arranges a blind date between the two, which initially fails, backfiring on Karthik, however, with more meetings, Poorni and Raghu become closer. This development takes place without Shakti's knowledge. She and her husband have not spoken to each other for a long time. Karthik waits until Poorni and Raghu's marriage is confirmed before telling Shakti. Poorni is desperate to tell her sister the news herself. Whilst hugging Karthik, thanking him for his efforts, Shakti witnesses their close contact and misunderstands it, leading to an even bigger argument, and a trade of insults.
Shakti eventually learns of her husband's efforts in getting her sister married, and wants to thank him. Karthik sets off to the railway station to get his wife. She had left the hospital where she works and neither is on the train she usually takes. Karthik waits for his wife.
Meanwhile, in a hurry to rush home, Shakti meets with a car accident, which leaves her fighting for her life. She is hit by a car driven by a lady (Kushboo in a special appearance). The woman's husband IAS Officer Ram (Arvind Swamy) ensures that Karthik is informed about the accident. Finally Karthik meets his wife in the hospital. In these turn of events Karthik understands the true meaning of love. The movie ends with Shakti coming out from coma and hugging Karthik on the hospital bed.
Production.
Mani Ratnam opted to make a romantic film with relative newcomers after the commercial failure of his 1998 Hindi film "Dil Se.." and signed on small screen actor Madhavan to make his acting debut in Tamil films. Madhavan had done a sandalwood talc ad for Santosh Sivan in 1996 and the veteran cinematographer gave photographs of the actor to Mani Ratnam during the casting process of "Iruvar". The director had made Madhavan audition for a role in the film but turned him down citing that "he thought his eyes were too young" and assured "that they would work together some other time". In 1999, Mani Ratnam rang Madhavan up suddenly and told him to "Come down and we will do a photo session. I am starting a film with you", much to the actors' surprise. Mani Ratnam initially wanted to cast a debutant in the lead female role as well and carried out a screen test with Vasundhara Das, before signing on Shalini to play the role in the film in April 1999. Swarnamalya was selected to play the role of Poorni after the director spotted her on a television show and subsequently asked her to screen test for the film. The actress appeared without make-up in the film and also dubbed her own lines. Theatre actor, Karthik Kumar of Evam, also marked his film debut with a minor supporting role as a potential suitor to Shakti. Prior to the release of his breakthrough film "Sethu" (1999), actor Vikram was approached by Mani Ratnam to play the role of Swarnamalya's fiance in the film but turned down the offer.
The film also required two leading actors to appear in supporting roles with Kushboo roped in to do a role. After considering either Shahrukh Khan, Mammooty or Mohanlal, Mani Ratnam signed Arvind Swamy to play another role, with "Alaipayuthey" becoming the pair's fourth production together. P. C. Sriram renewed his collaboration with Mani Ratnam after seven years, with the director toggling between Santosh Sivan and Rajiv Menon for his other projects. A. R. Rahman was initially signed on just to compose the background score for the film as the film was originally planned to be "songless", however after a change of heart, nine songs were recorded.
The film began without an official launch, like other Mani Ratnam projects, and it was initially expected that filming would be wrapped up under four months. During the first seven days of the shoot, Mani Ratnam filmed portions featuring Shalini and made Madhavan stay on the sets and watch his process of film-making. The first scene the actor shot was the post-interval scene featuring Shakti's mother played by Jayasudha. The team shot in Srinagar in late for 25 days, becoming the last production team to shoot in the area until 2003 as a result of the Kashmir conflict. A "meet the stars" publicity event was held at Music World in Spencer Plaza in March 2000, with the gathering being described as a success. About the production process, Madhavan revealed that he learnt about the technical aspects of film-making from the director and mentioned that he even learned the entire script of the film, irrespective of whether I was in the scene or not claiming that working with Mani Ratnam inspires that sort of involvement and dedication.
Release.
The Hindu cited the film saying, "The wavy movements are not restricted to the title card alone. Alaipayuthey goes backward and forward in time and the movement holds a thin thread of suspense too. The oscillation from joy and levity to seriousness and sorrow creates impressive waves", The lead pair performance was praised saying, "Shalini once again proves that she is a natural performer while Madhavan sails through the litmus test with ease". Similarly Indolink.com mentioned that "Mani's directorial mind and heart sways beautifully like his film" and that the film is "worth seeing with the whole family". However Rediff.com gave the film a middling review citing that the film is "old wine in an old bottle" and that "the only person who scores good marks in the film is P. C. Sreeram", describing "he has used his camera like a paint brush and the strokes are so stunningly beautiful that, once the film is over, one remembers only the visual treat". In regard to performances, the critic mentions that Madhavan "looks pleasant and handsome and does his job splendidly until the end, where he looks totally lost in the most crucial scene" and that Shalini "is very beautiful but not as open as she used to be as a child star".
"Alaipayuthey" was dubbed and released as "Sakhi" in Telugu and was later remade in Hindi cinema as "Saathiya", by Mani Ratnam's assistant Shaad Ali in 2002, starring Rani Mukherjee and Vivek Oberoi. It was the first time where the director had sold off production rights' of his films to be remade in another language as he had previously opted to dub and release the film himself.
The film began a successful film career for Madhavan and launched him as a "romantic hero". He has since gone on to become a regular part of the cast in Mani Ratnam's productions and featured in leading roles in "Dumm Dumm Dumm" (2001), "Kannathil Muthamittal" (2002), "Aaytha Ezhuthu" (2004) and "Guru" (2007). Meanwhile Shalini had already agreed to call time on her career before release due to her pending marriage with Ajith Kumar and "Alaipayuthey" became her penultimate release. Swarnamalya also received several film offers after her critically acclaimed performance, but consecutive failures of eight of her ten movies since failed to catapult her into the leading bracket of actors. Post-release, the actress had also expressed her disappointment at several of her scenes being edited out of the film.
Several other directors have made cultural references to "Alaipayuthey", with both scenes and songs being alluded in their films. The scene where Madhavan proposes Shalini in the train was spoofed in "Boss Engira Bhaskaran" where Arya tries to do the same with Nayantara but fails. When Madhavan saw that film, he said "It was a plesant shock to see this clip feature in BEB. It was such a sweet tribute to me. After watching this sequence, I was quite amused to see how thin I was back then!"
Soundtrack.
The music score that accompanies the film was composed by A. R. Rahman. It met widespread critical acclaim, selling over six lakh cassettes, and went on to win the Filmfare Best Music Director Award for 2000. The soundtrack features 10 songs composed by Rahman, with lyrics by Vairamuthu, except for the title song "Alai Payuthey" (which was created by the 18th-century Carnatic music composer Oothukkadu Venkatasubramanya Iyer, who also set it to the raagam Kaanada). The song "Yaro Yarodi" later appeared in the 2008 Hollywood film, "The Accidental Husband".
Songs and background score of the film are still considered as A.R. Rahman's one of the finest work and are still very popular throughout Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="2853286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853286" title="Christian Chukwu">
Christian Chukwu

Christian Chukwu Okoro (born 4 January 1951) is a Nigerian football former player and former national team coach. A defender in his playing days, he captained the Nigeria national team to its first win in the African Nations Cup.
Playing career.
As a player, he became the captain of Enugu Rangers football club and the Nigeria national team in the late 1970s. He was the first Nigerian captain to lift the African Nations Cup trophy after a 3-0 victory over Algeria in the final of the 1980 tournament.
Coaching career.
Chukwu started his coaching career in Lebanon in the mid-1990s, before being appointed coach of the Kenya national team in 1998. Later, from 2003 to 2005, he coached Nigeria, leading them to reach semifinals at the 2004 African Cup of Nations. During the 2006 World Cup qualification phase, Chukwu was blamed for inept coaching and management of the Nigerian national football team, and two matches before the qualifying campaign was over, he was suspended. In two matches – home and away – against eventual group winners Angola, Nigeria failed to win either one of those two encounters. This was blamed on Chukwu and those two crucial failures eventually led to Nigeria failing to qualify for the World Cup, after having appeared at all World Cup finals tournaments since their debut in 1994.
Chukwu coached Enugu Rangers to 6th place in the 2008-2009 edition of the Nigeria Premier League. However he was sacked on August 5, 2009 for failing to reach the club's targets for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2853289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853289" title="Fire hardening">
Fire hardening

Fire hardening, also known as "fire-polishing", is the process of removing moisture from wood, changing its structure and material properties, by slowly and lightly charring it over a fire. This makes a point, like that of a spear, or an edge, like that of a knife, more durable.
Pre-historic weaponmakers would rub the end of a selected wood pole against a smooth rock surface until a point was achieved. Then the point was heated in a fire, making sure to thrust the point into the coals. This put a light coating of carbon on the surface, which was then polished with a special stone, which ground fine particles of stone into the pitch which had been brought to the surface of the wood by the fire. Subsequent firings and polishings of the wooden tip of the spear would eventually form a hardened glaze consisting of pitch, wood particles and carbon on the tip which could eventually be even harder than a copper tip. This kind of echnology was developed by primitive humans at least 400,000 years ago—long before flint or stone points.

</doc>
<doc id="2853290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853290" title="Parks and open spaces in Hackney">
Parks and open spaces in Hackney

The London Borough of Hackney, one of the inner London boroughs, has 62 parks, gardens and open spaces within its boundaries, totalling 330 ha. These provide the "green lungs" for leisure activities. Hackney Marshes contain the largest concentration of football pitches in Europe.
In July 2008, seven Hackney parks won Green Flag awards for Clissold, Springfield, Haggerston and Shoreditch parks, together with London Fields, St John's churchyard and Hackney Downs. St John's was also awarded 'Heritage Green Status'. However, by contrast, Abney Park in Hackney was included in the Heritage at Risk Register in 2009 as one of Britain's historic parks and gardens at risk from neglect and decay.
Principal open spaces.
Apart from smaller green areas such as sports grounds and smaller gardens, the following are the major open spaces in the Borough:
Water.
In the north of the Borough there are the two reservoirs (West and East) at Stoke Newington.
The River Lee forms the eastern boundary of the borough. The towpath is suitable for walking and cyclists. It can be readily accessed from many places, and provides access to Hackney Marshes and the Lee Valley Park.
The Regent's Canal and the man-made New River also pass through the borough. Towards the east, the Regent's Canal exits the borough into the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, it then meets the Hertford Union Canal, which forms the southern boundary of Victoria Park, running to join the River Lee Navigation at Old Ford lock. The Regent canal turns south, and meets the River Thames at Limehouse Basin. On the west, the Regents canal passes near Broadway Market, then into the London Borough of Islington eventually entering the Islington Tunnel, which is not accessible to pedestrians, or cyclists.

</doc>
<doc id="2853291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853291" title="Direct reduced iron">
Direct reduced iron

Direct-reduced iron (DRI), also called sponge iron, is produced from direct reduction of iron ore (in the form of lumps, pellets or fines) by a reducing gas produced from natural gas or coal. The reducing gas is a mixture, the majority of which is hydrogen (H2) and carbon monoxide (CO) which act as reducing agents. This process of reducing the iron ore in solid form by reducing gases is called direct reduction.
The conventional route for making steel consists of sintering or pelletization plants, coke ovens, blast furnaces, and basic oxygen furnaces. Such plants require high capital expenses and raw materials of stringent specifications. Coking coal is needed to make a coke strong enough to support the burden in the blast furnace. Integrated steel plants of less than one million tons annual capacity are generally not economically viable. The coke ovens and sintering plants in an integrated steel plant are polluting and expensive units.
Process.
Direct reduction, an alternative route of iron making, has been developed to overcome some of these difficulties of conventional blast furnaces. DRI is successfully manufactured in various parts of the world through either natural gas or coal-based technology. Iron ore is reduced in solid state at either by reducing gas (H2+CO) or coal. The specific investment and operating costs of direct reduction plants are low compared to integrated steel plants and are more suitable for many developing countries where supplies of coking coal are limited.
The direct reduction process is energy efficient, but is most competitive with the blast furnace when it can be integrated with electric arc furnaces to take advantage of the latent heat produced by the DRI product.
Factors that help make DRI economical:
India is the world’s largest producer of direct-reduced iron, a vital constituent of the steel industry.[http://www.midrex.com/uploads/documents/Statsbook2013.6.5.14.pdf] Many other countries use variants of the process, so providing iron for local engineering industries.
Problems.
Directly reduced iron is highly susceptible to oxidation and rusting if left unprotected, and is normally quickly processed further to steel. The bulk iron can also catch fire since it is pyrophoric.
History.
Producing sponge iron and then working it was the earliest method used to obtain iron in the Middle East, Egypt, and Europe, where it remained in use until at least the 16th century. There is some evidence that the bloomery method was also used in China, but China had developed blast furnaces to obtain pig iron by 500 BCE.
The advantage of the bloomery technique is that iron can be obtained at a lower furnace temperature, only about 1,100°C or so. The disadvantage, relatively to using a blast furnace, is that only small quantities can be made at a time.
Uses.
Sponge iron is not useful by itself, but can be processed to create wrought iron. The sponge is removed from the furnace, called a "bloomery", and repeatedly beaten with heavy hammers and folded over to remove the slag, oxidise any carbon or carbide and weld the iron together. This treatment usually creates wrought iron with about three percent slag and a fraction of a percent of other impurities. Further treatment may add controlled amounts of carbon, allowing various kinds of heat treatment (e.g. "steeling").
Today, sponge iron is created by reducing iron ore without melting it. This makes for an energy-efficient feedstock for specialty steel manufacturers which used to rely upon scrap metal.
See also.
Article On DRI

</doc>
<doc id="2853306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853306" title="Keith Slater">
Keith Slater

Keith Nichol Slater (born 12 March 1936 in Midland, Western Australia) is a former Western Australian and Australian cricketer and WAFL player.
Cricket career.
In cricket he only played in only one Test, but 74 first-class cricket matches for Western Australia. He was an all-rounder whose international career was probably shortened by doubts over his bowling action. He was also called for throwing while playing against New South Wales in 1964-65.
Australian rules football career.
Slater was a star footballer for Swan Districts and Subiaco and played in the 1961 WAFL grand final with Swan's against East Perth with high expectations of winning the Simpson Medal in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2853314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853314" title="Orange and Lemons">
Orange and Lemons

Orange and Lemons was a Filipino pop rock band formed in 1999. The band name "Oranges and Lemons" was initially recommended by a former member of the group. Apparently the band was not aware at the time that the name was actually derived from a British nursery rhyme and a title of an album by the British band XTC. So they changed it to "Orange and Lemons".
With a style of retro music combined with alternative rock, the band has become one of few Pinoy rock bands to have that definitive sound that separated them from the rest of pure pop and rock. The band's main musical influences ranged from The Beatles and The Smiths, to The Cure and The Eraserheads.
Orange and Lemons or ONL was a grand and swift crossover story from their humble beginnings as a virtually unknown act in the scene to being independent artists then to being artists under the major label Universal Records Philippines. Their songs enjoyed massive airplay in radio stations and music channels in the country resulting to the band gaining popularity and winning fans of different ages and backgrounds.
Their hit songs as of 2006 included "Just like a Splendid Love Song", "Hanggang Kailan" (""Until When""), "Heaven Knows (This Angel Has Flown)", "Abot Kamay" (""Within Reach"") and the controversial hit song "Pinoy Ako" (""I'm Filipino""), which was the official soundtrack of "Pinoy Big Brother", the Philippines' franchised version of the reality TV show "Big Brother".
History.
The early years.
Clementine Castro and Mcoy Fundales met in high school in the mid-1990s. They found out through participating in school programs and events that they shared a common passion for music. Fundales introduced Castro to the music of The Beatles and since then jammed songs from the legendary group. At the same time, they developed their songwriting partnership. The duo formed groups with friends from their province of Bulacan and went through several names such as The Voiz, Sweet Silence, Irony, The Cranes, Mushroom and eventually settled down with Orange and Lemons. The name was suggested by their former drummer. The group got the name because it sounded playful, fresh and catchy to them. Years after they used the name they found out that there is a British nursery rhyme and an XTC album called "Oranges & Lemons". Castro discovered the music of The Smiths in college and introduced it to Fundales. It was the music of The Beatles and The Smiths combined that created a huge impact on the duo's songwriting and playing style.
Brothers Ace and JM del Mundo were in a band called Colossal Youth when they met Castro and Fundales in a local bar in Bulacan in 1999. Older brother Ace, who was playing guitars at the time, was very impressed with the songwriting skills of Castro and Fundales and instantly became a fan.
Castro and Fundales with two other friends were handled by Roldan "Bong" Baluyot of No Seat Affair (a local management, booking and production outfit) when they recorded a two-track demo ("She's Leaving Home", "Isang Gabi") in 1999 as Orange and Lemons. The song "She's Leaving Home" soon found its way to radio station NU107.5 FM's playlist.
Rap-metal bands lorded the scene at the time and ONL (with their clean, jangly guitar driven, Brit-flavored pop songs) went almost unnoticed. Looking for a label to release the band's material became a difficult task.
Out of college and out of work, Castro and Fundales decided to put the band in hiatus in 2000 to find day jobs and try different careers.
In 2003, Ace showed up at Castro's place asking about the band. He urged Castro to reform it to have the original songs recorded even for posterity's sake. Ace was so determined and steadfast about the idea that he even volunteered to switch from playing guitars to drums to get the band started. It was enough to convince Castro; he contacted Fundales and their former bassist to discuss the possibilities. A rehearsal date was soon set. The former bassist, however, failed to show up. Fortunately, JM came along with Ace and was soon jamming with the group on bass. After the jamming session, Fundales and Castro decided to have the del Mundo brothers in the band permanently and the new line-up of Orange and Lemons was formed.
The boys soon started arranging and rehearsing original songs that would eventually end up in their debut album, "Love in the Land of Rubber Shoes and Dirty Ice Cream".
Going independent.
Castro and Fundales contacted Bong Baluyot to once again handle the band. They presented crude demo recordings of the new songs. Baluyot liked the songs and was convinced that there might be a demand for the band's sound this time around. With friend Boom Jose of the '80s band Violent Playground, they booked ONL in a session to put the songs on record. Ten songs were recorded in three days due to a limited financial budget. After the songs were recorded, Baluyot once again started scouting around for a label that would take the group in.
The band needed gigs. The boys decided to rehearse their '80s repertoire to get bookings in bars in the Metro. It was again a challenge since acoustic acts and novelty songs were in demand at that time. ONL got their first gig stint in a club in Makati City called Where Else?. The band's sense of humor and wit on stage combined with their nostalgic repertoire and excellent original material soon got people, young professionals in particular, spreading the word. ONL's audience steadily grew.
It was in one of those gigs that ONL met Toti Dalmacion, formerly of Groove Nation, a local music store famous for rare and hard-to-find vinyl records. Dalmacion occasionally spins for the Where Else? discothèque and is known as a contemporary music guru of sorts in the Philippine music scene. He became curious about Orange and Lemons because of their band name since he is a long-time XTC fan. Dalmacion liked ONL's music for its familiar yet new sound. The band soon found themselves indulged in conversations with Dalmacion regarding music, genres and style.
Dalmacion was already toying with the idea of establishing an independent label that he would call Terno Recordings. The label would showcase unsigned and talented Filipino artists with a unique sound and style that could (hopefully) pass international standards. He proposed that ONL be the flagship artist for the label. Opportunities were realized by both parties. A one-album deal was signed.
ONL's 10-track debut album, "Love in the Land of Rubber Shoes and Dirty Ice Cream" was independently released and launched in December 2003.
The album's carrier single "(Just Like) A Splendid Love Song" got radio airplay on NU107.5 FM and would soon after reach the station's number 1 spot in their weekly countdown. Another local station JAM88.3 FM started airing the single and it too went up on the station's charts.
The album created buzz and ONL was now playing in venues across the Metro to a jam-packed crowd hungry for their brand of music.
Orange and Lemons was declared Best New Artist for 2004 in NU107's yearly Rock Awards event.
Major label success.
Bong Baluyot met with Robert Javier of '90s band The Youth during one of ONL's regular Gweilos Bar Makati gigs. Javier informed Baluyot that Bella Tan of major label Universal Records Philippines was interested in signing Orange and Lemons to the label. Negotiations went on and ONL found themselves signing a contract with Universal Records in October 2004.
The band proceeded to record a new album; their second and first under a major label. Given more resources and recording time allotment, ONL showed tremendous growth in their sound on the new album.
"Strike Whilst The Iron Is Hot" was completed and released in June 2005, dishing out successful singles such as "Hanggang Kailan (Umuwi Ka Na Baby)", "Heaven Knows (This Angel Has Flown)" and "Lihim".
One of the band's biggest breaks came with an offer from Philippine media giant ABS-CBN for ONL to do the jingle/soundtrack for a new series "Pinoy Big Brother", the Philippine franchised version of the reality TV show "Big Brother". ONL came up with a massive yet controversial hit song called "Pinoy Ako".
Other projects of the band included "Abot Kamay" (a song for a shampoo advertisement) and "Blue Moon" (their version of the classic track for a movie theme song).
The band launched a repackaged edition of "Strike Whilst The Iron Is Hot" a few months after it was released to include new songs. The album is now at multi-platinum status.
ONL, backed with hit songs, extensive radio airplay and TV appearances, toured the country for a series of successful shows.
The band received numerous awards and citations for their work. In June 2005, Orange and Lemons was featured on MTV Philippines in its "Rising Star" segment, and in March 2006 they were featured in the "Lokal Artist of the Month" segment. Orange and Lemons were named "Artist of the Year" at the NU107's Rock Awards for 2005.
Other projects.
The release of the acclaimed tribute album of the Apo Hiking Society, "Kami nAPO Muna" in 2006, where the band contributed one track, gave Orange and Lemons the spotlight again. Their musical talents were showcased once more with the promotion of their rendition of the Apo song "Yakap sa Dilim". Judged by critics as one of the best cuts in the 18-track album, the song was played extensively and massively on upscale and mass-oriented radio stations. Fundales' vocal interpretation and the band's guitar work refocused the public's attention on their musical prowess. Their video of the same song showed more blatantly and without hesitation their own brand of humor, which successfully blended action comedy with slight sexual connotations.
Orange and Lemons once again did their take on yet another Apo song "Tuloy na Tuloy Pa Rin Ang Pasko" by December 2006. The song was used by ABS-CBN for their Christmas station ID.
As a follow-up to "Abot Kamay", the band completed a song from Unilever Philippines called "Let Me" and was used for another shampoo advertisement.
Universal Records released their third and last album on June 8, 2007 called "Moonlane Gardens". Their first single in that album was "Ang Katulad Mong Walang Katulad" and their last single before they disbanded was "Fade".
Disbanding.
It was reported on October 10, 2007 by the Inquirer.net that Orange and Lemons had disbanded. The reason stated was primarily due to differences between band members and their managers. Clem Castro, the then lead guitarist of the band, started his own band after being kicked out of Orange and Lemons. He is currently the frontman of 3-piece indie pop group The Camerawalls signed under his own label, Lilystars Records. He formed the band with original Orange & Lemons bassist Law. The three remaining band members formed a new band called Kenyo.
Controversies.
Allegations have been made that the melody and musical arrangement of their breakout single "Pinoy Ako", also used as theme song in the hit reality show "Pinoy Big Brother", was stolen from an obscure single "Chandeliers" by 1980s new wave group, Care. When asked what their reaction was by "The Manila Bulletin": "It saddens us because it's unfair." Sony BMG Music Entertainment, owner of the rights to Care's "Diamonds and Emeralds" album from which "Chandeliers" came from, has yet to issue a statement or take legal actions if it so warrants.

</doc>
<doc id="2853315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853315" title="Motorcycle armor">
Motorcycle armor

Motorcycle armor comes in a variety of forms, from traditional yellow foam to high-tech compounds capable of absorbing large amounts of energy. In its basic form an armored jacket will include shoulder and elbow armor. Trousers will include hip and knee protection.
Types of Motorcycle Armour.
Foam Armour.
This armour is either closed cell or open-cell foam and in various densities all the way up to a fairly hard foam used in helmets. Hard foams absorb impact/shock by destructive decomposition so they can only be used to protect for one incident and must be replaced. Soft foams offer little protection with close-cell foams providing a bit more protection than open-cell foams. .
Memory Foam Armour.
Of foam type armors, memory-foam armor achieves a higher level of impact absorption compared to open/closed-cell types above. Memory-foam rebounds slowly after compression. . It is a very dense foam.
Silicone Armour.
These are gel type impact/shock abosorbers. They are produced in various densities and generally used close to the body for comfort.
Hard Armour.
Hard armour usually consists of a hard plastic and is designed to resist abrasive and puncture injuries. Hard armour generally is used in conjunction with some impact absorbing foam or other material on the inner surfaces facing the body. This is because hard armour by itself does not provide impact/shock abosorption qualities.
Reactive/Dilantant Armour.
The use of molecular armor viscoelastic "intelligent" polymer materials in motorcycle armour has allowed for hand (glove) elbow, knee, shoulder, tail-bone, and back armor to be manufactured in a soft and pliable state at rest. Xion (www.xionpg.com) provides a base layer protection for multipurpose use that extends these areas of protection and in use by motion picture stuntmen. Upon the introduction of shock the armour changes at the molecular level and adopts extremely rigid and protective properties . Examples of this armour are SAS-TEC, d3o, Rukka APS air, EXO-TEC and TF armor. They are currently being used in pinnacle jackets, trousers and suits by manufacturers such as REV'IT!, Firstgear, BMW Apparel, Scorpion, Rukka, Klim and Aerostich respectively.
Molecular armor is a non-Newtonian "fluid" (Dilantant) form that is soft and body-forming until it is impacted. At impact it reacts in a "nano-second" to form a matrix of molecular linkages with surrounding molecules to form a solid mass. d30 armor hardens edge-to-edge. Sas-Tec armor is considered to be a progressive reactive armor in that it hardens to a degree sufficient to counter the force. The material prevents trauma to the human body by three methods:
1. Shock Absorption: Material absorbs impact energy through phase change (hardening).
2. Shock Delay: Material delays the transmittance of some shock to the human body over a longer period of time.
3. Dissipation: Impacts are dissipated over larger areas of the body.
Molecular armor is able to achieve a higher level of shock/impact reducing benefits with more comfort and less bulk then traditional hard armour - foam laminate solutions. There are also hybrid molecular armour protective gear on the market that are layered with hard shell outer materials. European standard EN-1621 is used to rate the effectiveness of armor. In this standard a 5 kg flat impactor impacts the armor at a speed of 4.47 m/s (50 joules). 50 joules of force is roughly equivalent dropping a 5 pound weight from a 6 foot height onto the armor piece. Sensors measure how much energy is transmitted through the armor, its peak energy in kilo-newtons (kN), and its period (how long it took the energy to be transmitted). If the force transmitted through the armor is less than 35 kN then the armor (all armor except back) can attain an EN-1621-1 rating. Standard also includes other factors such as temperature stability and coverage area. The back protection standard is EN-1621-2. That standard rating is based on that energy being less than 18 kN (EN-1621-2 Level 1) or less than 9 kN (EN-1621-2 Level 2). .
EN1621-1 Armor for All Body Parts (Except Back/Spine).
There are two European standards covering "motorcyclists' protective clothing against mechanical impact" - EN1621-1 and EN1621-2. EN1621-1 covers any body part protection except back/spine. EN1621-2 covers back/spine. There are updates to the standards from time to time and so the year the update comes out is added as a suffix to the standard such as EN1621-1:1997 and EN 1621-2:2003. Both standards assess the performance of protective devices by measuring the force transmitted through it when impacted by a falling mass.
EN1621-1 assesses armor designed to protect the shoulder, elbow and forearm, hip, tail-bone, knee and lower leg regions. The test apparatus consists of a mass of 5 kg with a 40 mm x 30 mm striking face, dropped onto the sample mounted on top of a 50 mm radius hemispherical dome. The anvil is further mounted onto a load cell, allowing a measurement to be made of the force transmitted through the protector. The kinetic energy of the falling mass at impact is required to be 50J.
A protector subjected to this test method is deemed to conform to this standard if the average transmitted force of nine tests is less than 35 kN, with no single test result exceeding 50 kN.
EN1621-2 assesses armor designed to protect the back/spine. It is a more stringent standard allowing no more than 18 kN of force to be transmitted to attain Level 1 protection (EN-1621-2 CE Level 1). Armor that allows less than 9 kN of force to be transmitted can attain a Level 2 protection (EN-1621-2 CE Level 2). See section below for more information.
EN1621-2 Back/Spine Protective Armor.
European Standard EN 1621-2:2003 defines two levels of performance for CE approved back protectors. The test apparatus and procedure is similar to that of EN 1621-1:1997, but with a different impactor and anvil configuration. The impactor is a rounded triangular faced prism, of length 160 mm, base 50 mm, height 30.8 mm and radius 12.5 mm. The anvil is a radiused cylinder, with its axis orientated to the direction of impact, of height 190 mm, diameter 100 mm and rounded end radius 150 mm. When tested to the procedure defined in the standard, the two levels of performance are:
Back protectors are often not included in the standard complement of armor although many jackets allow a back protector to be installed.
Because of the more delicate nature of the spinal column, back protectors require that lower levels of force be transmitted. The introduction to EN 1621-2 states that approximately 13% of motorcyclists injured in road accidents have an injury to this back region. However, only 0.8% of the injured riders suffer a fracture of the spine and less than 0.2% of injured riders have a serious back injury resulting in neurological damage. This is supported by evidence from the MAIDS Report (2004), the most comprehensive in-depth data currently available for Powered Two-Wheelers (PTWs) accidents in Europe.
Serious spinal injures are usually caused by axial forces due to blows on the head, or bending and twisting forces on the back caused by blows to the shoulders, hips and other parts of the body. In the Cambridge Standard for Motorcyclists Clothing, Roderick Woods asserts that the majority of spinal injuries are caused by blows to the hip and shoulders. In the rare circumstance that a motorcyclist received a direct blow to the back the damage would be unmitigable by armor. The concept of a "back protector" is therefore not endorsed by Woods. Although back protectors, as defined in the standard, cannot protect against axial forces they are required to protect the scapula and there is now considerable anecdotal evidence that wearing a certified back protector can significantly reduce trauma in a major accident as they reduce the effect of impacts on the ribs and lessen the blows to internal organs too.

</doc>
<doc id="2853320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853320" title="Kannathil Muthamittal">
Kannathil Muthamittal

Kannathil Muthamittal () is a 2002 Tamil drama film directed and produced by Mani Ratnam. It features P. S. Keerthana, Madhavan and Simran in the leading roles with Nandita Das, J. D. Chakravarthy, Prakash Raj and Pasupathy portraying other pivotal characters. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman, while Ravi K. Chandran handled the cinematography. Mani Ratnam presents the story of a child of Sri Lankan Tamil parentage adopted by Indian parents, who desires to meet her biological mother during the midst of the Sri Lankan Civil War.
The film premiered at the 2002 Toronto International Film Festival, and was selected as India's official entry to the 2004 Cannes Film Festival. It also received a strong reception when screened at the San Francisco International Film Festival in 2003. The film received high critical acclaim upon release and went on to win six National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards South and Best Film awards at six international film festivals.
Plot.
The film begins in a small village in Sri Lanka called Mankulam, where a Sri Lankan Tamil woman Shyama (Nandita Das) gets married to Dileepan (J. D. Chakravarthy), who along with few other Sri Lankan Tamils in the village (including Shyama's elder brother) is part of the Tamil Tigers rebel association, which fights for the Eelam Tamil Nation. While romancing each other at a mud river after marriage, the couple hear sounds of Sri Lankan army troops approaching. He asks Shyama to leave for her safety while he remains in the forest. What happened to Dileepan after that remains a mystery. Shyama realizes that she is pregnant and waits in vain for Dileepan to return. Her villagers begin fleeing to India to seek refuge as the war between LTTE and the Sri Lankan army goes full scale, affecting their village in the process. Shyama is initially stubborn to leave since one of the men says that he has seen Dileepan with bullet wounds in the forest near the mud lake, but her relatives convince her that she has to seek refuge for the sake of her to-be-born child. The villagers board a boat to the shores of Rameswaram, which is a famous refugee hub for Sri Lankan Tamils. While a local collector takes down the names of the refugees, Shyama's water breaks and she gives birth to a baby girl. However, as soon as the baby is born, her urge to find her husband and be with her people back home overwhelms her and she leaves behind the newborn girl in hopes that the girl will lead a better life.
The film later shifts focus to nine years later in Chennai where a young exuberant girl Amudha (P. S. Keerthana) narrates about her family life. She introduces her short-tempered but talented father, writer Thiruchelvan (R. Madhavan), who uses the pen name 'Indira' for his books. Indira (Simran Bagga) is Amudha's mother, while she has a younger brother named Vinay, with whom she always has childish frictions, and another younger brother called Akhil. Amudha's ninth birthday approaches and both her parents take her to the temple early in the morning. Indira later reminds Thiruchelvan that they have promised themselves to reveal 'the truth' to Amudha on her ninth birthday. After praying in the temple, Thiruchelvan brings Amudha to the beach, and she runs around in the beach, he reveals the truth that she was adopted and is not their biological daughter. She was adopted from a refugee camp in Rameswaram after her parents abandoned her. Amudha is heavily disturbed after hearing the news and begins comparing and distancing herself from the family, seeing herself as an outsider. Indira's father criticizes them for revealing the truth to her at such a young age, but Thiruchelvan and Indira are certain they have taken the right decision. Amudha asks her parents to tell her the story of how she comes to be adopted.
The film then flashes to nine years previously in Rameswaram, where Thiruchelvan, then a budding writer, constantly travels to the refugee camp and writes stories inspired by the people there. At one such instance, Thiruchelvan sees a newborn baby girl, and writes a short story about why her mother found the urge to abandon her child and return to a war-ridden land. Indira is his neighbour, and has always expressed interest in him. Thiruchelvan, after a while, finds the urge to adopt the small baby girl and raise her, but realizes that he will not be allowed to do so until he is married. He then proposes to Indira (in whom he is also interested) in order to be able to adopt the baby. Indira suggests the name 'Amudha' after seeing the baby once, and then adopt the baby after they marry each other. Vinay was born few years after their marriage, followed by the younger brother, and thus, the family happened.
Even after hearing this, Amudha is rebellious and dissatisfied. She requests to meet her biological mother at all costs despite Indira's insistence that they can't possibly find the mother even if they wanted to. Thiruchelvan finally gives in and promises to take Amudha to Sri Lanka to find her biological mother. The three of them (excluding the two boys who are left under the care of their grandfather) travel to Sri Lanka and are greeted by Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe (Prakash Raj) who is a Sinhalese, their guide during the trip. Dr. Herold Vikramsinghe too helps to find her biological mother. At Lanka, Amudha and Indira's relationship strains as Amudha becomes increasingly rude at her mother while urging to find her real mother, while the family witnesses civil violence first hand as they travel to a village that is being bombed by the army to find Shyama only to realize that they have discovered the wrong Shyama. While taking a walk in the jungles and ideologically talking about violence, civil war and western manipulation, Thiruchelvan and Vikramsinghe are captured by a group of LTTE rebels. Thiruchelvan immediately recites Tamil poetry and is identified as a Tamil writer by the group's leader (Pasupathy). Thiruchelvan explains his motives of coming to the country, and even mentions the only evidence that he has regarding Amudha's mother - that her name is Shyama. The group leader arranges a meet and says he will bring Shyama there, and it is later revealed that Shyama is the group leader's sister, with her also being part of the LTTE rebels living in seclusion.
The next day, on the meet, Vikramsinghe, Amudha, Indira, and Thiruchelvan wait at the told spot, but a sudden series of bombings break out at the place as the Sri Lankan army tries to infiltrate the hiding of the rebels in a building nearby. Vikramsinghe urges that they leave the place but Amudha stays stubborn, causing Indira to be shot in her arm. The family finally leaves the place, and Amudha, shaken by what she saw and what happened to her mother apologizes and asks that all of them leave the country and return home. The next day, the family leaves for the airport but unexpectedly, Indira requests that they drive through the meeting spot one more time. As they wait in the car parked at the spot, an auto comes by and Shyama gets down from the vehicle. The meeting finally takes place and Amudha asks Shyama a series of questions as to why Shyama abandoned her. Shyama is unable to answer to all of those questions, but also insists that her life will remain fighting for her people in her country and that Amudha should live happily with her adopted parents. Shyama leaves after that.
The film ends with Thiruchelvan, Amudha, and Indira hugging each other as Shyama leaves, and a teary-eyed Amudha kisses her parents, re-affirming her love for them.
Production.
Like other Mani Ratnam projects, the film began production with very little official publicity in early 2001 with the media covering the project as either "Manjal Kudai" (Yellow Umbrella) or "Kudaigal" (Umbrellas). The film was reported of a trilogy of films based on love and peace in the backdrop of war - after "Roja" (1992) and "Bombay" (1995) - with Mani Ratnam choosing to base the film with the backdrop of the Sri Lankan Civil War. Madhavan was signed up to play a leading role in the film, with the venture becoming his third straight Mani Ratnam project after "Alaipayuthey" and the Mani Ratnam production, "Dumm Dumm Dumm". For the role of Indira, Mani Ratnam considered casting either Rani Mukerji, Soundarya or relative newcomer Bhumika Chawla, before finalising Simran to portray the character. Madhavan and Simran thus shot for two films simultaneously together, as they had also been cast in K. Balachandar's "Paarthale Paravasam" as a married couple. Nandita Das was also roped in for the film, making her debut in Tamil films, and in a later interview mentioned that the team shot for nearly thirteen hours a day. P. S. Keerthana, the second daughter of actors Parthiban and Seetha, was cast the child artiste in the film, while Prakash Raj was also roped in to play a Sinhalese character. Mani Ratnam approached actor Vikram to make a special appearance as Keerthana's biological father in the film, but his refusal meant that J. D. Chakravarthy was later handed the role.
The title of the film was finally announced as "Kannathil Muthammittal" (A peck on the cheek) in July 2001, after a famous phrase from a poem written by Subramanya Bharathi. Parts of the film shown to be Colombo in the film were shot in Puducherry. Further schedules were carried out in the forests of Kerala to depict the base of the LTTE in northern Sri Lanka.
As most of the cast were non-native Tamil speakers, dubbing artistes were used with actresses Suganya and Deepa Venkat lending their voices for Nandita Das and Simran respectively. Furthermore Mounika lent her voice for Easwari Rao's character, while Thalaivasal Vijay spoke lines for Chakravarthy.
Soundtrack.
The film soundtrack features score and 6 songs composed by A. R. Rahman, with lyrics by Vairamuthu. Sinhalese lyrics for the song "Signore Signore" were by B. H. Abdul Hameed. It was released in India on 4 February 2002 by the label TIPS to acclaim, and quickly became popular. The score and soundtrack of the film fetched A. R. Rahman his fourth National Film Award for Best Music Direction and another National Film Award for Best Lyrics for lyricist Vairamuthu.
Awards.
The film has won the following awards since its release:
2002 Filmfare Awards South (India)
2003 National Film Awards (India)
2003 International Tamil Film Awards (ITFA)
2003 Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles (USA)
2003 Jerusalem Film Festival (Jerusalem)
2003 Zimbabwe International Film Festival (Zimbabwe)
2004 Film Fest New Haven (USA)
2004 Westchester Film Festival (USA)
2004 RiverRun International Film Festival (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="2853324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853324" title="Gripe (tool)">
Gripe (tool)

A gripe is a simple form of clamp used in building a clinker boat, for temporarily holding the strake which is being fitted onto the one to which it is to be attached. The strake is relatively thin and wide so that it is necessary for the tool to have a long reach while only a small movement is required. This is achieved by taking two pieces of dense timber, typically oak, each of a length a little more than twice the widest width of the strake. A coach bolt (see carriage bolt) is fitted through the middle and adjusted so that the gripe will fit onto the land (the joint between the adjacent strakes) while admitting the point of a wedge between the free ends of the two parts of the gripe. The wedge is then tapped in so that the gripe grips the land, using the bolt as a fulcrum.
The name is pronounced with the 'i' as a long diphthong and is a form of the word 'grip'.

</doc>
<doc id="2853334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853334" title="Strummerville">
Strummerville

Strummerville (officially The Joe Strummer Foundation for New Music) is a non-profit organization which promotes the development of new music. It was established in memory of punk rock singer and guitarist Joe Strummer shortly after his death in December 2002. Strummer's widow Lucinda was the principal founder and serves as a trustee along with their daughters, Jazz and Lola Mellor, and English artist Damien Hirst.
Organization.
Strummerville is a registered charity that supports aspiring musicians and funds projects which promote new music. The foundation's chief director, Trish Whelan, describes it as an effort to cultivate interest and interactivity among young artists. "We are not a label, so there's no ulterior motive for us. It's not a training ground for pop stars, it's about helping people express themselves through music."
Strummerville extends encouragement and material support to all unsigned musicians. The foundation operates the "Strummerville Studio", a free workshop and rehearsal space (decorated with handwritten lyrics by Strummer himself) at The Roundhouse in London. Other charitable facilities include two studios located in Belfast at the Oh Yeah music center and one in Bogota, built in partnership with the international non-profit Fairtunes.
In 2007, the foundation began operating one of the stages at the Glastonbury Festival, the annual performing arts event that had become one of Strummer's passions in his later life, dubbing it "The Strummerville Bandstand". Also at Glastonbury is a small campsite named for Strummer that occasionally is the scene of intimate fireside performances.
Strummerville has given support to hundreds of musicians including some, like Bastille and Anna Calvi, that have gone on to find wide audiences. The first national tour by Strummerville bands – the "Westway Round the UK Tour" – was begun in Fall 2010 with the headline artist Beans On Toast.
Related activities.
A cover of The Clash's "Janie Jones", retitled as "Janie Jones (Strummerville)", was released by B-Unique Records in October 2006 as a charity single for Strummerville. The record was nominally credited to "Babyshambles and Friends" – in addition to the band Babyshambles, performers included Jamie T, Jeremy Warmsley, Kid Harpoon, Laura Marling, and Lisa Moorish, as well as members of Cazals, Dirty Pretty Things, GoodBooks, Guillemots, The Kooks, Larrikin Love, The Libertines, Macabees, Mystery Jets, Noisettes, The Paddingtons, The Rakes, and We Are Scientists. It reached #17 on the UK Single Chart.
Filmmaker Don Letts, an old friend of Strummer, made a documentary about the charity, "Strummerville", released in March 2010. "Strummerville" is also the name of a tribute song to Strummer by Irish punk band Stiff Little Fingers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853336" title="H. H. Price">
H. H. Price

Henry Habberley Price (17 May 1899 – 26 November 1984), usually cited as H. H. Price, was a Welsh philosopher, known for his work on perception. He also wrote on parapsychology.
Biography.
Born in Neath, Glamorganshire, Wales, Price was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford. He obtained first-class honours in Literae Humaniores in 1921. He was a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford, 1922–4, Assistant Lecturer in philosophy at the university of Liverpool (1922–3), Fellow and Tutor of Trinity College Oxford (1924–35), Lecturer in philosophy at Oxford (1932–5) and Wykeham Professor of Logic and Fellow of New College (1935–59). Price was president of the Aristotelian Society from 1943 to 1944. He was elected to the British Academy in 1943.
Price is perhaps best known for his work on the philosophy of perception. He argues for a sophisticated sense-datum account, although he rejects phenomenalism. In his book "Thinking and Experience", he moves from perception to thought and argues for a dispositionalist account of conceptual cognition. Concepts are held to be a kind of intellectual capacity, manifested in perceptual contexts as recognitional capacities. For Price, concepts are not some kind of mental entity or representation. The ultimate appeal is to a species of memory distinct from event recollection.
He died in Oxford.
Parapsychology.
Price had written various publications on parapsychology, often advocating new concepts and theories. He was President of the Society for Psychical Research (1939–40, 1960–1)
Afterlife.
Price had speculated on the nature of the afterlife and developed his own hypothesis about what the afterlife may be like. According to Price after death the self will find itself in a dream world of memories and mental images from their life. Price wrote that the hypothetical "next world would be realms of real mental images." Price however believed that the self may be able to draw upon its memories of previous physical existence to create an environment of totally new images. According to Price, the dream world will not follow the laws of physics just as ordinary dreams do not. In addition, he wrote that each person will experience a world of their own, though he also wrote that the dream world doesn't necessarily have to be solipsistic as different selves may be able to communicate with each other by dream telepathy.
Place memories.
Price had invented the concept of "place memories" (see Stone Tape). He proposed that hauntings could be explained by memories becoming lost from an individual's mind and then somehow attaching itself to the environment which could be picked up by others as hallucinations. He also believed that "place memories" could explain psychometry.
Psychic ether.
Linking his afterlife hypothesis with the concept of place memories Price proposed another hypothesis called the "psychic ether" hypothesis. He wrote that this hypothesis would explain where the memories would be stored for hauntings as well as for clairvoyance, ghosts and other paranormal phenomena. Price proposed that a universal psychic ether coexisting dimension exists as an intermediary between the mental and ordinary matter. According to Price the psychic ether consists of images and ideas. Price wrote that apparitions are actually memories from people and that under the right conditions they can be seen as hallucinations. Price believed that the dreamlike world of the afterlife exists in the psychic ether. According to (Ellwood, 2001) the psychic ether of Price is "a posited level of reality consisting of persisting, dynamic images created by the mind and capable of being perceived by certain persons."
Reception.
Some researchers have attempted to update the afterlife hypothesis of Price. Michael Grosso (1979) in an extension of Price's theory suggested that the "ego may become fragmented in the afterlife state and when ones wish's and desires are played out may experience a transpersonal state akin to those experienced by the mystics". The psychical researcher Ralph Noyes (1998) published an article discussing the theories of Price and attempted to update them with recent finds in parapsychology. Noyes proposed that the mental world of Price is a "psychosphere" which he defined as a "vast and complex cauldron of ideas, memories, volitions, desires and all the other furniture of conscious experience and unconscious mental functioning".
The most common criticism of HH Price's afterlife hypothesis has come from the religious community as his suggestions are not consistent with traditional Christian teaching, nor the teachings of any other monotheistic religion.
Quotes.
"When I see a tomato there is much that I can doubt. I can doubt whether it is a tomato that I am seeing, and not a cleverly painted piece of wax. I can doubt whether there is any material thing there at all. Perhaps what I took for a tomato was really a reflection; perhaps I am even the victim of some hallucination. One thing however I cannot doubt: that there exists a red patch of a round and somewhat bulgy shape, standing out from a background of other colour-patches, and having a certain visual depth, and that this whole field of colour is directly present to my consciousness." 
Works.
Publications

</doc>
<doc id="2853347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853347" title="Steve Dannenmann">
Steve Dannenmann

Steven Paul "Steve" Dannenmann (born August 15, 1966 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a CPA from Severn, Maryland who gained attention in the poker world for his success in the 2005 World Series of Poker, finishing runner-up to Joe Hachem in the Main Event in his first attempt. He won $4,250,000 as the result of this 2nd place finish. 
CPA Career.
Dannenmann is a certified public accountant, financial advisor and mortgage loan officer in his own firm since 1991. 
After his 2nd place Main Event finish, Dannenmann said that he will not quit his job because it has taken a long time to establish his business and finds much passion advising his clients to make sound financial decisions.
Poker Career.
Arriving as a fresh face on the poker scene, during one WSOP segment he claimed to be merely "the fourth best player in his home game" prior to his entry in the Main Event. In fact the 2005 WSOP Main Event was his very first recorded tournament cash. Before this, he mainly played in his home game with friends. He did not want to pay the entire main event fee himself so he split the $10,000 entry fee 50/50 with his friend Jerry Ditzel. After finishing 2nd in the Main Event, Dannenmann split the $4,250,000 prize with him.
Dannenmann feels that Dan Harrington's book on the end-game of No Limit Hold-Em tournaments helped him greatly with his success. He read volume II just days before playing the Main Event.
On the way to second place, he knocked out 1994 WSOP champion Russ Hamilton and Mike Matusow. 
His finish in the main event qualified him for the 2005 WSOP Tournament of Champions, where he finished in fifth place and won $100,000. During the final table, he lambasted Phil Hellmuth Jr for his behaviour toward the tournament director by refusing to stack his chips and purposely and continuously slowing the tournament down.
Dannenmann considers himself to be superstitious. He refuses to ride in a cab unless the cab ended in an even number that year, wore the same shirt 7 days in a row during the tournament and used his lucky globe as a card protector. 
In the press conference after the WSOP Main Event, Dannenmann said that he found that playing poker for 7 consecutive days for 12–14 hours to be boring, which led to criticism from some professionals.
He has also competed on the World Poker Tour and has cashed in two events. His highest WPT cash was $65,000 for his 11th place finish in the 2008 Borgata Poker Open tournament in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
As of 2008, his total live tournament winnings exceed $4,500,000. His 3 cashes at the WSOP account for $4,271,489 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="2853352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853352" title="Aaytha Ezhuthu">
Aaytha Ezhuthu

Aaytha Ezhuthu is a 2004 Tamil political film written and directed by Mani Ratnam. It stars Suriya, Madhavan and Siddharth in the lead roles, with Meera Jasmine, Trisha Krishnan and Esha Deol also in pivotal characters.Bharathiraja plays a pivotal role. The film's score and soundtrack is composed by A. R. Rahman, while Ravi K. Chandran was cinematographer and Sreekar Prasad was editor. The title of the movie is the name of a Tamil letter, ஃ - three dots corresponding to the film's three different personalities from completely different strata of society. The film was simultaneously shot in Hindi as "Yuva" with an entirely different cast barring Deol, while a dubbed version in Telugu was also released. Produced by Ratnam's home banner of Madras Talkies, "Aaytha Ezhuthu" released in May 2004 to mostly positive reviews but was an average grosser at the box office.
Plot.
Inba (Madhavan) is a goon, because his brother has left him alone and he had no option of earning back home. He loves, marries, and abuses his wife, Sashi (Meera Jasmine). Michael Vasanth (Suriya Sivakumar) is an influential student leader who wants politicians like Selvanayagam (Bharathiraja) to keep away from college elections. Michael is in love with his neighbour Geetha (Esha Deol) who lives with her parents. And then there is Arjun Balakrishnan(Siddharth), carefree and spoiled son of an IAS officer. He wants to relocate to the U.S. for a better future. He falls in love with Meera (Trisha Krishnan), whom he just met. One day, Meera and Arjun get into a quarrel on the road and Meera gets into an auto. Arjun gets lift from Michael to catch up with Meera, who is going that way. Suddenly, Michael is hit by a bullet and he is saved by Arjun. After talking to Michael, Arjun changes his mind and wants to be a politician. Selvanayagam is worried when he hears news of students standing in the election. He uses every possible way to get them out of Politics. Firstly he provides scholarship of a prestigious foreign university to Michael. When Michael refuses the bribe, he orders his goon Inba to take control. Inba beats some students but faces very strong retaliation from Michael and his fellow students. He kidnaps Arjun and other candidates. However, they manage to escape with the help of Inba's ally, Dilli (Sriman). Inba follows Arjun and beats him up. While running, Arjun manages to call Michael for help. He comes to rescue Arjun at Napier Bridge. Then Inba is handed to the police. Michael wins the four seats he and his fellow students have contested for. Sashi leaves for her hometown while Inba remains in prison. Michael, Arjun and two friends enter as politicians.
Production.
The film began pre-production in early 2003 in a typical manner adapted by the director, Mani Ratnam, who keeps his projects under wraps until completion. The director chose to make two different versions of the film as he did not want the film to be dubbed, explaining that the essence of the script would be lost if they had did so. The project was named "Aayutha Ezhuthu" after the last letter of the Tamil alphabet, which denoted by three dots in a triangle and the director revealed that the film was about three individuals. Early reports indicated that the film would be based on the 2000 neorealist Mexican film, "Amores perros" by Alejandro González Iñárritu, but eventually only the idea of hyperlink cinema was common in both films. However, Mani Ratnam revealed that the film was closer to Akira Kurosawa's 1950 Japanese film "Rashomon" as both films dealt with a cause-effect and a third-view.
Suriya, who made his debut in the 1997 Mani Ratnam production "Nerukku Ner", revealed that he agreed "blindly" to star in the film without even listening to the story or his character. The actor revealed in an interview about Mani Ratnam's choice that "when the master calls for the student you just say “yes”." Suriya stated that his character was based on a real person from Andhra Pradesh George Reddy and to prepare, he read a lot of books and collected a lot of information before the shoot. Madhavan was signed on to appear in Mani Ratnam's fourth successive project after playing the lead roles in his "Alaipayuthey" (2000) and "Kannathil Muthamittal" (2002) as well as his 2001 production, "Dumm Dumm Dumm". The actor bulked up and sported a shaven look for the first time in his career to resemble his character of a ruffian. Initially actor Vikram was considered to do the role of Madhavan, but unable to sign in due to his other commitments. For a third lead role, Mani Ratnam called Srikanth and requested him to audition for the project in December 2002. The actor had scored back-to-back successes in his first two films, "Roja Koottam" and "April Madhathil", and was subsequently selected to be a part of the film. However, the actor soon after suffered an injury and was unable to commit to the dates Mani Ratnam suggested. Shaam was next approached for the role of Arjun, but date clashes with "Iyarkai", meant that he was unable to sign the project. Karthi, the brother of Suriya, was then offered the role but declined the offer to make his debut and worked as an assistant director on the film because he wanted to become a film director and preferred directing to acting. Siddharth, who had previously apprenticed as an assistant director under Mani Ratnam in "Kannathil Muthamittal" before his making his acting debut in Shankar's "Boys", was subsequently signed on for the film. Prior to release, Siddharth felt he was cast as he "looked, talked and behaved like Arjun" and mentioned that the sync sound technique used worked in favour of him as he was an experienced theatre actor. Veteran director Bharathiraja was signed on to play a politician in the film, while Sriman and Janagaraj were given supporting roles. Leading Kannada actor Sudeep was also initially slated to form a part of the cast after meeting Mani Ratnam for the script discussion, but was ultimately discarded from the film. Krishna and Suchitra, a singer and radio jockey, also were chosen to play the roles of student leaders in the film.
Malayalam actress Meera Jasmine was signed on to play a slum dweller in the film portraying Madhavan's wife and it was reported that she spent hours perfecting her Tamil for the film, trying to get rid of her native Malayalam accent to adapt to the sound sync technique used. Relative newcomer Trisha Krishnan was also signed on to play a youngster in the film and dubbed for her own voice for the first time. Initially Simran was signed on to play the roles of Geetanjali in both versions, but opted out after she began to have problems speaking Tamil as the sound for the film was recorded live. Esha Deol, daughter of actress Hema Malini, was then selected to play the role in the Tamil version of the film after Suhasini enquired whether she could speak Tamil. After finishing her work in "Aayutha Ezhuthu", Deol was signed on for the Hindi version of the film too after Simran also opted out of that role and thus Deol became the only common leading actor between the versions. To prepare for her role, Deol worked on certain pronunciations of Iyer Tamil with Mani Ratnam's assistant Kannan mentoring her progress. It was also reported that actress Nadhiya had signed the film and would make a comeback to films after a ten year sabbatical, but did not eventually form a part of the final cast.
The director initially opted against using songs in the film, but wanted to create an album with A. R. Rahman for the project. However after the songs were recorded, Mani Ratnam had a change of heart and chose to include them. For the art direction in the film, Sabu Cyril studied each character in depth, giving them a distinct colour, mood and background to suit their temperament. For Michael's house in the film, Cyril followed the arrangement in his own house and used some his own photographs for decorations. He also expressed that he had great difficulty in re-creating the streets of Kolkata for the Hindi version of the film in Chennai. G. Ramesh was selected to be the hairdresser for the three lead actors in the film.
The scene filmed at Napier Bridge in Chennai was canned in early December 2003, causing severe traffic and congestion in the area. Mani Ratnam began the Tamil version after Vivek Oberoi suffered an injury during the making of "Yuva", giving him time to extract more out his actors in the Tamil version. Production work for the film began in September 2003, with the technical crew who were mostly from the tamil film industry including the production house were part of the Hindi version and were retained for the Tamil scenes. The Tamil version finished subsequently much earlier than the Hindi version.
Reviews.
Indiaglitz wrote: "Worth watching". Nowrunning rated 2 out of 5. Sify wrote: "Aayitha Ezhuthu is a bold and daring move by Mani Ratnam to change the staid style of our commercial cinema". Hindu wrote: "Every frame of Madras Talkies' "Aayudha Ezhuthu" bears the Mani Ratnam stamp and that's what matters. If silence and secrecy can stoke up interest, it has. And again, if the stature of a director can hype up a project, it has".

</doc>
<doc id="2853353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853353" title="Legislation on Chinese Indonesians">
Legislation on Chinese Indonesians

Indonesian law affecting Chinese-Indonesians were conducted through a series of laws, directives, or constitutions enacted by the Government of Indonesia that affected the lives of Chinese Indonesians or Chinese nationals living in Indonesia since the nation's independence. The laws were made against Chinese Indonesians. Most of these laws are revoked following Reformation era under president Abdurrahman Wahid.
1950.
In the early 1950s the Government of Indonesia (GoI) issued Benteng program (translates to "fortress program"), stating that only indigenous Indonesians ("pribumi") were allowed to have licenses to import certain items classified as "fortress" items. During its implementation, this rule gave birth to the term "Ali Baba", referring to underground trade activities with cooperation between Chinese businessmen and native Indonesians who have connections in government bureaucracy.
Presidential Regulation 10 of 1959.
Presidential Regulation 10 of 1959 () was a law directive issued by Indonesian government and signed by Minister of Trade, Rachmat Mujomisero. The law prohibited foreign nationals from doing retail business in rural areas and required them to transfer their businesses to Indonesian nationals by 1 January 1960 or relocate to urban areas. This directive was approved by President Sukarno. The rule became controversial since its implementation resulting in several people being killed in West Java (also known as racial riot of Cibadak) and triggered a huge exodus of Chinese Indonesians back to China. Although the regulation merely mentioned that only "foreign citizens" were required to do the relocation and closure of business, the law affected many Chinese nationals and Chinese Indonesians. From the 86,690 foreign business retailer listed, about 90 percent of these were Chinese.
Background.
Right after the Indonesian Independence on 1945, the Indonesian people was overwhelmed by the euphoria of "freedom" and took over a lot of foreign companies: this action was referred to as "Anti-Dutch sentiment". Among others, one was a Dutch company Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij (KPM), a company serving in sea transportation from Netherlands to Indonesia. Marhaen, a labor group that later on become a political party, took over this company. Other foreign capital seized were oil fields, by the oil laborers claiming themselves as "Laskar Minyak" (The Oil Defenders).
After a while, the Government of Indonesia realized that unskilled and inexperienced Indonesians were unable to run the company. The Indonesians, referred to as "Kaum pribumi", also did not have enough capital, and it was almost impossible to compete with foreign investment and the Chinese capital (before independence, the ethnic Chinese had more chances to do business from colonialist ruler). These companies suffer losses after the seizure. As a solution, the Government of Indonesia signed an agreement during Dutch-Indonesian Round Table Conference in Den Haag, Netherlands, which stated that the government of Indonesia would return all seized foreign investment assets to its previous owner. In return, to strengthen up the weak Indonesians (pribumi), the Government of Indonesia had the right to issue a law or directive to protect the national interest and those who were "economically feeble".
On 19 March 1956, during Indonesian National Importer Congress in Surabaya ("Kongres Importir Nasional Indonesia"), Asaat Datuk Mudo made an opening oration that the Chinese had become monopolistic in doing their business by closing all possible entry routes for Indonesian nationals to join the trade market.
As a closing statement, Assat also added that he believes this was the time to have a special economy initiative to protect Indonesian (pribumi).
Asaat's speech became the beginning of "Asaat movement" or "Pro Indonesian (term used was for Indonesian was "Pribumi") movement" and had a huge impact on the following rules favoring it. On November 1959, PP Nomor 10 Tahun 1959 was issued.
In the 1950s, almost all retail stores in Indonesia were owned by Chinese or Chinese-Indonesians from grocery stores, hardware stores and even restaurants. Alwi Sahab, a Betawi culture expert stated that during his youth in Kwitang, Central Jakarta, the economic centre was in Jakarta fully dependent on the Chinese or Chinese Indonesian businessman. 
Implementation, protest and counter action.
Tempo magazine investigation published in year 2009 mentioned that during the implementation, the law affected 86,690 foreign retailers listed (90 percent Chinese) to about 500,000 were affected. However, Waspada Daily in their commemorative anniversary published their story printed in the 1960s during the happening, and it had a different number, according to Waspada Daily only about 25,000 small groceries booths by foreign retailers (mainly) Chinese affected by PP No. 10.
The sanctions specified in the directive were only property confiscation (all items had to be given to Koperasi), fines, and forced relocation, but, in practice, there were also some offenders executed (Cimahi and Cibadak, West Java). 
In some places, the law was enforced by the military. The military shot dead two Chinese women, which triggered a riot in Cimahi, Jawa Barat. It was also noted that the Chinese were forced to leave their home and properties. However, while, nationwide, the implementation of this law went smoothly, in some places like Bandung and Medan, there were Chinese merchants trying to stop the implementation of PP 10 by hiding or emptying the stores and piling the goods in warehouses, causing price increases of main food materials. Specially, after another government directive was issued about price adjustments, according to the Attorney General Special Instruction, in some areas, including North Sumatra, Economic Survaillance Teams were formed to watch certain issues in economy such as stabilizing prices and making appropriate actions to everyone who withhold the food program implemented by the government. The Economic Surveillance Team in North Sumatra manage to secure 200 warehouses in Medan consisting of food materials, the merchants being punished by imprisonment. 
The law was meant to strengthen the national economy in Indonesia, yet this law resulted in a tense diplomatic relation between Republic of Indonesia and the People's Republic of China (PRC). During a meeting between State Minister Subandrio and Chinese Ambassador to Indonesia (Huang Chen) in Jakarta, the PRC insisted that PP No. 10 should be reviewed, and the request was denied. Later on during a parliamentary hearing, State Minister Subandrio restated that there is no element of anti-Chinese related in the implementation of PP No. 10, the law being solely the beginning of nationalization and socialization in the Indonesian economy, and as part of the Indonesian revolution movement. On the nationalization part, PP No. 10 stated that foreign retailers must be closed outside "ibukota kabupaten" and the merchant had to live only in his property, which was not allowed to conduct any business activities. Foreigners had to close their business at the latest on 1 January 1960 and give all their assets to Koperasi.
The Government of PRC was upset. On 10 December 1959, Peking radio announced a campaign for Chinese citizen to return to "The Warmth of Motherland". The PRC Embassy in Jakarta soon listed all Chinese citizens interested in returning to China. About 199,000 applied, but only 102,000 managed to be placed in a ship sent by the PRC government. The tension between PRC Government and Government of Indonesia reduced after PRC Prime Minister Zhou Enlai met President Soekarno.
Pro and cons.
According to Mestika Zed from Andalas University, Padang, West Sumatera, Asaat Datuk Mudo was a real nationalist and always reacted according to facts and reality. The economy of "pribumi" (Native Indonesian) after independence was weak with no one defending them. Meanwhile, even during Dutch Imperialism, the Chinese always had a better economy than the "pribumi". After Indonesian independence, they took over the economy from small, middle, and large scale. Assaat's ideas were later adopted by Tunku Abdul Rahman and Mahathir Mohammad as the Malaysian economy policy to protect the majority and indigenous ethnic Malay in Malaysia, which was then faced with a similar economic situation.
From historical perspective, even in the beginning of Indonesian Independence the Chinese was always been suspected because they are divided into three groups: "Pro-Dutch", "Pro-Chinese Government", and "Pro-Indonesian Nationalist Movement". There are also Indonesian Chinese who agree that it was needed to do an assimilation or "pribumization" of Indonesian Chinese (also known as the Tionghoa) through religion (Islam and PITI) as Moslem organization. Hamka for example, is included in this group. They have given their support and chances to Chinese-Indonesians to prove that they want to become a "good Indonesian citizen". There is also a lot of cooperation between the Chinese and the Indonesians noted during Indonesian national movement. Even some of the prominent Chinese figures were trying hard to make the Chinese-Indonesian return to Indonesia. Yap Thiam Hien, a Chinese-Indonesian lawyer, famous for his Indonesian nationalist idealism, established Baperki (Indonesian Citizenship Discussion Body) on 1954. The organization's purpose was to make Chinese-Indonesians willing to be an Indonesian citizen, specially to those that take side to the Dutch and the Chinese Government. This body also gave a lot of contribution in proposing the Indonesian Citizenship Law 1958, which was implemented on the beginning of 1960. The discriminative rule also noted as an attempt to maintain politics of divide and conquer.
Leo Suryadinata, a Chinese-Indonesian now teaching in National University of Singapore (NUS), thinks that both "fortress rules" or PP 10/ 1959 is a beginning anti-Chinese movement in Indonesia. According to Suryadinata, during colonialism by the Dutch, the Chinese-Indonesians were mostly small retailers, but after Indonesian independence, their position was strengthened, which is why "pribumi" think that they cannot compete and would like to take over the power by using the government.
Cabinet Presidium Decision 127 of 1966.
Cabinet Presidium Decision 127 of 1966 ("", 127/U/Kep/12/1966) was an Indonesian law passed in 1966 that suggested Indonesian-sounding names to be adopted by Indonesian Chinese. It was considered to be part of the anti-Chinese legislation in Indonesia. The resident Chinese community in Indonesia resented it because it forced them to lose traditional family names. However, some people thwarted the government efforts to some degree by incorporating their Chinese name into their new Indonesian name. For example, the Chinese family name "Tan" was easily embedded in the Indonesian name "Sutanto".
Presidential Decision 240 of 1967.
Presidential Decision 240 of 1967 ("", Keppres No. 240/1867) mandated assimilation of "foreigners" and supported a previous directive, 127/U/Kep/12/1966, for Indonesian Chinese to adopt Indonesian-sounding names.
Presidential Instruction 14 of 1967.
Presidential Instruction No. 14/1967 (Inpres No. 14/196]) on Chinese Religion, Beliefs, and Traditions effectively banned any Chinese literature and cultures in Indonesia, including the prohibition of Chinese characters. Although Chinese names were not explicitly mentioned, "newly naturalized" Indonesian Chinese were strongly advised to adopt non-Chinese names. (Annulled by former president Abdurrahman Wahid in Keppres No. 6/2000; annulment supported by former president Megawati Soekarnoputri in Keppres No 19/2002 by declaring Chinese New Year as national holiday.)
1967.
Laws affecting Chinese Indonesians proliferated under the New Order regime under former President Suharto's reign. Suharto was a strong advocate for Chinese assimilation rather than integration. As part of 1967's 'Basic Policy for the Solution of the Chinese Problem' and other measures, only one Chinese-language newspaper was allowed to continue, all Chinese religious expressions had to be confined to their homes, Chinese-language schools were phased out, Chinese script in public places was banned, and Chinese were encouraged to take on Indonesian-sounding names. Most of this legislation were revoked following Suharto's fall from power in 1998. [http://www.insideindonesia.org/edit78/p13-14_hoon.html]
Ampera Cabinet Presidium Circular 6 of 1967.
Ampera Cabinet Presidium Circular 6 of 1967 () was released on 28 June 1967. One of the points of contention is the selection of a proper term to describe Indonesian residents of Chinese descent. Accompanying explanatory text to Article 26 of the 1945 Constitution used the term "Tionghoa" to describe this group. In 1948, the Communist Party of Indonesia began using "Tionghoa" in its terminology, prompting the beginning of an unofficial ban on its use. By 1967, a cabinet circular enforced the use of the term "Cina" over "Tionghoa" and "Tiongkok".
Anomalies and exceptions.
There are exceptions to laws and regulations that ban the use of Mandarin. The use of Mandarin in traditional Chinese medicine prescriptions, for example, is not prohibited, since legal proceedings related to this case have been suspended after lobbying made to the Attorney General (Jaksa Agung) of Indonesia by INI (Ikatan Naturopatis Indonesia).
Current practice.
During his tenure as President, Abdurrahman Wahid ended restrictions on Chinese culture and language, and made Chinese New Year as a national holiday. Today, Indonesian Chinese hold the same rights as other ethnic groups. They can practise their culture daily, with the use of the Chinese language being also now allowed. Metro TV became the first to air its news in Chinese. 
Chinese schools are now able to be established as either International or "National- plus" schools. Mandarin Chinese is also taught as an optional extracurricular subject in many schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2853363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853363" title="Foundry">
Foundry

A foundry is a factory that produces metal castings. Metals are cast into shapes by melting them into a liquid, pouring the metal in a mold, and removing the mold material or casting after the metal has solidified as it cools. The most common metals processed are aluminium and cast iron. However, other metals, such as bronze, brass, steel, magnesium, and zinc, are also used to produce castings in foundries. In this process, parts of desired shapes and sizes can be formed.
Process.
In metalworking, casting involves pouring liquid metal into a mold, which contains a hollow cavity of the desired shape, and then allowing it to cool and solidify. The solidified part is also known as a casting, which is ejected or broken out of the mold to complete the process. Casting is most often used for making complex shapes that would be difficult or uneconomical to make by other methods.
Melting.
Melting is performed in a furnace. Virgin material, external scrap, internal scrap, and alloying elements are used to charge the furnace. Virgin material refers to commercially pure forms of the primary metal used to form a particular alloy. Alloying elements are either pure forms of an alloying element, like electrolytic nickel, or alloys of limited composition, such as ferroalloys or master alloys. External scrap is material from other forming processes such as punching, forging, or machining. Internal scrap consists of gates, risers, defective castings, and other extraneous metal oddments produced within the facility.
The process includes melting the charge, refining the melt, adjusting the melt chemistry and tapping into a transport vessel. Refining is done to remove deleterious gases and elements from the molten metal to avoid casting defects. Material is added during the melting process to bring the final chemistry within a specific range specified by industry and/or internal standards. Certain fluxes may be used to separate the metal from slag and/or dross and degassers are used to remove dissolved gas from metals that readily dissolve certain gasses. During the tap, final chemistry adjustments are made.
Furnace.
Several specialised furnaces are used to melt the metal. Furnaces are refractory lined vessels that contain the material to be melted and provide the energy to melt it. Modern furnace types include electric arc furnaces (EAF), induction furnaces, cupolas, reverberatory, and crucible furnaces. Furnace choice is dependent on the alloy system quantities produced. For ferrous materials EAFs, cupolas, and induction furnaces are commonly used. Reverberatory and crucible furnaces are common for producing aluminium, bronze, and brass castings.
Furnace design is a complex process, and the design can be optimized based on multiple factors. Furnaces in foundries can be any size, ranging from small ones used to melt precious metals to furnaces weighing several tons, designed to melt hundreds of pounds of scrap at one time. They are designed according to the type of metals that are to be melted. Furnaces must also be designed based on the fuel being used to produce the desired temperature. For low temperature melting point alloys, such as zinc or tin, melting furnaces may reach around 500° C. Electricity, propane, or natural gas are usually used to achieve these temperatures. For high melting point alloys such as steel or nickel based alloys, the furnace must be designed for temperatures over 1600° C. The fuel used to reach these high temperatures can be electricity (as employed in electric arc furnaces) or coke.
The majority of foundries specialize in a particular metal and have furnaces dedicated to these metals. For example, an iron foundry (for cast iron) may use a cupola, induction furnace, or EAF, while a steel foundry will use an EAF or induction furnace. Bronze or brass foundries use crucible furnaces or induction furnaces. Most aluminium foundries use either electric resistance or gas heated crucible furnaces or reverberatory furnaces.
Degassing.
In the case of aluminium alloys, a degassing step is usually necessary to reduce the amount of hydrogen dissolved in the liquid metal. If the hydrogen concentration in the melt is too high, the resulting casting will be porous as the hydrogen comes out of solution as the aluminium cools and solidifies. Porosity often seriously deteriorates the mechanical properties of the metal.
An efficient way of removing hydrogen from the melt is to bubble argon or nitrogen through the melt. To do that, several different types of equipment are used by foundries. When the bubbles go up in the melt, they catch the dissolved hydrogen and bring it to the top surface.
There are various types of equipment which measure the amount of hydrogen present in it. Alternatively, the density of the aluminium sample is calculated to check amount of hydrogen dissolved in it.
In cases where porosity still remains present after the degassing process, porosity sealing can be accomplished through a process called metal impregnating.
Mold making.
In the casting process a pattern is made in the shape of the desired part. Simple designs can be made in a single piece or solid pattern. More complex designs are made in two parts, called split patterns. A split pattern has a top or upper section, called a cope, and a bottom or lower section called a drag. Both solid and split patterns can have cores inserted to complete the final part shape. Cores are used to create hollow areas in the mold that would otherwise be impossible to achieve. Where the cope and drag separates is called the parting line. 
When making a pattern it is best to taper the edges so that the pattern can be removed without breaking the mold. This is called draft. The opposite of draft is an undercut where there is part of the pattern under the mold material, making it impossible to remove the pattern without damaging the mold.
The pattern is made out of wax, wood, plastic or metal. The molds are constructed by several different processes dependent upon the type of foundry, metal to be poured, quantity of parts to be produced, size of the casting and complexity of the casting. These mold processes include:
Pouring.
In a foundry, molten metal is poured into molds. Pouring can be accomplished with gravity, or it may be assisted with a vacuum or pressurized gas. Many modern foundries use robots or automatic pouring machines for pouring molten metal. Traditionally, molds were poured by hand using ladles.
Shakeout.
The solidified metal component is then removed from its mold. Where the mold is sand based, this can be done by shaking or tumbling. This frees the casting from the sand, which is still attached to the metal runners and gates - which are the channels through which the molten metal traveled to reach the component itself.
Degating.
Degating is the removal of the heads, runners, gates, and risers from the casting. Runners, gates, and risers may be removed using cutting torches, bandsaws or ceramic cutoff blades. For some metal types, and with some gating system designs, the sprue, runners and gates can be removed by breaking them away from the casting with a sledge hammer or specially designed knockout machinery. Risers must usually be removed using a cutting method (see above) but some newer methods of riser removal use knockoff machinery with special designs incorporated into the riser neck geometry that allow the riser to break off at the right place.
The gating system required to produce castings in a mold yields leftover metal, including heads, risers and sprue, sometimes collectively called sprue, that can exceed 50% of the metal required to pour a full mold. Since this metal must be remelted as salvage, the yield of a particular gating configuration becomes an important economic consideration when designing various gating schemes, to minimize the cost of excess sprue, and thus melting costs.
Heat treating.
Heat treating is a group of industrial and metalworking processes used to alter the physical, and sometimes chemical, properties of a material. The most common application is metallurgical. Heat treatments are also used in the manufacture of many other materials, such as glass. Heat treatment involves the use of heating or chilling, normally to extreme temperatures, to achieve a desired result such as hardening or softening of a material. Heat treatment techniques include annealing, case hardening, precipitation strengthening, tempering and quenching. It is noteworthy that while the term heat treatment applies only to processes where the heating and cooling are done for the specific purpose of altering properties intentionally, heating and cooling often occur incidentally during other manufacturing processes such as hot forming or welding.
Surface cleaning.
After degating and heat treating, sand or other molding media may adhere to the casting. To remove this the surface is cleaned using a blasting process. This means a granular media will be propelled against the surface of the casting to mechanically knock away the adhering sand. The media may be blown with compressed air, or may be hurled using a shot wheel. The media strikes the casting surface at high velocity to dislodge the molding media (for example, sand, slag) from the casting surface. Numerous materials may be used as media, including steel, iron, other metal alloys, aluminium oxides, glass beads, walnut shells, baking powder among others. The blasting media is selected to develop the color and reflectance of the cast surface. Terms used to describe this process include cleaning, bead blasting, and sand blasting. Shot peening may be used to further work-harden and finish the surface.
Finishing.
The final step in the process usually involves grinding, sanding, or machining the component in order to achieve the desired dimensional accuracies, physical shape and surface finish.
Removing the remaining gate material, called a gate stub, is usually done using a grinder or sanding. These processes are used because their material removal rates are slow enough to control the amount of material. These steps are done prior to any final machining.
After grinding, any surfaces that require tight dimensional control are machined. Many castings are machined in CNC milling centers. The reason for this is that these processes have better dimensional capability and repeatability than many casting processes. However, it is not uncommon today for many components to be used without machining.
A few foundries provide other services before shipping components to their customers. Painting components to prevent corrosion and improve visual appeal is common. Some foundries will assemble their castings into complete machines or sub-assemblies. Other foundries weld multiple castings or wrought metals together to form a finished product.
More and more the process of finishing a casting is being achieved using robotic machines which eliminate the need for a human to physically grind or break parting lines, gating material or feeders. The introduction of these machines has reduced injury to workers, costs of consumables whilst also reducing the time necessary to finish a casting. It also eliminates the problem of human error so as to increase repeatability in the quality of grinding. With a change of tooling these machines can finish a wide variety of materials including iron, bronze and aluminium.

</doc>
<doc id="2853384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853384" title="Mars-la-Tour">
Mars-la-Tour

Mars-la-Tour is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
History.
The Battle of Mars-La-Tour was fought on 16 August 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War near the town of Mars-la-Tour.
Mars-La-Tour also lends its name to a well-known carbonated non-champagne wine, which is marketed under the catchphrase "It's a drink".

</doc>
<doc id="2853391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853391" title="Matt McKenzie">
Matt McKenzie

Matt McKenzie is an actor best known for his voicework in games and movies. He is the voice of Auron in the RPG games "Final Fantasy X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and "Kingdom Hearts II". He also provided the English voice of Borgoff in the movie ', Ptolemy in ', and Major Elliot in the animated movie '. McKenzie has also guest starred in some well known movies ("Gods and Monsters" with Sir Ian McKellen, in which he portrayed Colin Clive) and TV shows such as ', "", "JAG", "7th Heaven", "That '70s Show", "The O.C." and recently 24 as Agent Hollister. He also had a cameo role in Clint Eastwood's "The Rookie" as Inspector Wang. He appeared in an episode of "House M.D." as Doctor Fedler, where he talks briefly with Robert Chase about the Beatles. Most recently he appeared on two episodes of AMC's "Mad Men" as Crab Colson. As well as the voice of various Agents in the Animatrix.
McKenzie is often typecast as grumpy or serious due to his somewhat 'gruff' voice. He appeared in theater productions performed in the Pacific Resident Theatre, the Old Globe Theatre and the Notre Dame Theatre. Some of his highlight shows have been "Anna Christie", "Scotland Road", "Barbarians", and "An Ideal Wife".

</doc>
<doc id="2853393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853393" title="Isaac Saba Raffoul">
Isaac Saba Raffoul

Isaac Saba Raffoul (October 17, 1923 – July 27, 2008) was a Mexican businessman of Syrian-Lebanese Jewish origin; his father emigrated from Aleppo, Syria to Veracruz, Mexico where he started a rag business which the family built on. Isaac Saba Raffoul was one of the wealthiest persons in the world according to Forbes Magazine. He had been married with wife Rebecca for over 40 years and had three sons: Moises, Manuel and Alberto.
He was the president of Grupo Xtra and chairman of Casa Saba. There has been a controversy surrounding him since he teamed up with General Electric Mexico to open up a new nationwide television channel. TV Azteca and Televisa, upon hearing this, accused him of monopolizing medicine prices in an attempt to discredit him. According to El Financiero, there is no such monopoly.

</doc>
<doc id="2853397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853397" title="Candi Staton">
Candi Staton

Candi Staton (; born Canzetta Maria Staton; March 13, 1940, Hanceville, Alabama) is an American soul and gospel singer, best known for her 1970 remake of Tammy Wynette's "Stand By Your Man" and her 1976 disco chart-topper "Young Hearts Run Free". In Europe, her biggest selling record is the anthemic "You Got The Love" from 1986 released in collaboration with The Source. Staton was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Early years.
At the age of eleven or twelve, Staton and her sister Maggie were sent to the Jewell Christian Academy in Nashville, Tennessee. Her vocal abilities quickly set her apart from the crowd; the school's pastor teamed the two sisters with a third girl(Naomi Harrison) to form the Jewell Gospel Trio. As teenagers, they toured the traditional gospel circuit in the 1950s with The Soul Stirrers, C. L. Franklin, and Mahalia Jackson. They recorded several sides for Nashbro, Apollo, and Savoy Records between 1953 and 1963.
Solo career.
In 1968, Staton was introduced to Rick Hall by Clarence Carter and launched her solo career as a Southern soul stylist, garnering 16 R&B hits for Rick Hall's Fame Studios and gaining the title of "First Lady of Southern Soul" for her Grammy-nominated R&B renditions of the songs "Stand by Your Man" and "In the Ghetto". Staton appeared on the September 23, 1972 edition (Season 2, Episode 1) of "Soul Train". In 1975, Staton began collaborating with producer David Crawford on disco songs such as "Young Hearts Run Free", which reached #1 on the US R&B charts, #2 in the UK Singles Chart and went Top 20 on the Pop Hot 100 during the summer of 1976. It was remixed and re-released in 1986 reaching the UK Top 50. Follow up song "Destiny" hit the Top 50 in the UK. Candi's version of "Nights on Broadway" hit the UK Top 10 in 1977; it had been a US Billboard hit for the Bee Gees over a year before. In 1978, she scored another Top 50 hit in the UK with "Honest I Do I Love You". In 1979, from her album "Chance" Staton released album single "When You Wake Up Tomorrow" (co-written by Patrick Adams and Wayne K. Garfield) and the title song "Chance", a TOP 20 R&B charted record. Other Dance club chart hits included "When You Wake Up Tomorrow" and "Victim". In 1982, Candi again hit the UK chart with a version of Elvis Presley's "Suspicious Minds". In 1997, singer Kym Mazelle recorded "Young Hearts Run Free" for the film adaption of Romeo and Juliet.
In 1982, Staton returned to gospel music. She married her fourth husband, John Sussewell (drummer for Ashford & Simpson and also Dory Previn's sixth album). Together they founded Beracah Ministries in Atlanta, Georgia with help from Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker's PTL Ministries. She has since recorded eight gospel albums, two of which received Grammy Award nominations.
In 1991, she returned to popular mainstream charts by lending her vocals to The Source's Top Ten British hit, "You Got the Love," a club-styled dance hit that sold two million copies and that is still considered a seminal classic of that era, leading to many remixes and cover versions being created. Staton signed with Intersound Records in 1995. In 2000, she released her eleventh album, "Here's a Blessing". In 2004, the British record label Honest Jon's released a compilation CD of her country-soul work from the late 1960s and early 1970s, the self-titled "Candi Staton", and Staton followed it up with a secular project in 2006 entitled "His Hands", produced by Mark Nevers of Lambchop and with the title track written by Will Oldham. Two of Staton's children, Cassandra Hightower (background vocals) and Marcus Williams (drums), joined her on the CD. A second studio album for Honest Jon's, titled "Who's Hurting Now?", appeared in 2009.
Staton's television show "New Direction" aired on TBN. Staton has also made appearances on the "Praise the Lord" telecast with Paul Crouch and his wife Jan Crouch.
Personal life.
Staton has been married five times:

</doc>
<doc id="2853411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853411" title="Foundry (disambiguation)">
Foundry (disambiguation)

A foundry is an industrial plant for producing certain kinds of product. The term originally referred to a metal works where metal casting operations are performed (see: foundry), but has been extended by association to various other kinds of large scale or heavy duty manufacturing facility.
Manufacturing:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="2853421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853421" title="Dreamtime (The Stranglers album)">
Dreamtime (The Stranglers album)

Dreamtime is the ninth album released by The Stranglers in 1986. The title track was inspired by a belief of the aboriginal peoples of Australia - called Dreamtime. This album appears to be a natural evolution from "Aural Sculpture"; it contains a mixture of upbeat and thoughtful tracks and includes the addition of pedal steel guitar to complement the horns. Highlights include "Always the Sun", which became a frequently-played live track and "Shaking like a Leaf".
Epic Records were certain this album would be a success on the back of the single "Always the Sun". However the single peaked at No. 30 in the UK Singles Chart. "Dreamtime" itself reached No. 16 in the UK Albums Chart, the lowest charting studio album during Hugh Cornwell's recording tenure with the band (1977–90).
Singles released in the UK for this album included "Nice In Nice" (peaked at No. 30), "Always The Sun", "Big In America" (peaked at No. 48) and "Shakin' Like A Leaf" (peaked at No. 58). A fifth single was proposed by the record company, and a remixed version of the song "Was It You?" was recorded, but it was never released.
Track listing.
All songs written by The Stranglers

</doc>
<doc id="2853427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853427" title="Polish Glacier">
Polish Glacier

The Polish Glacier (Spanish "Glaciar de los Polacos") is one of the glacial fields of Cerro Aconcagua, the highest peak in the Andes. It was named after the Polish expedition of 1934. Led by Konstanty Jodko-Narkiewicz, the team paved an alternative route to the peak, named "the Polish Route", through the glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="2853450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853450" title="Haandfæstning">
Haandfæstning

A Haandfæstning (Modern & Modern , lit. "Handbinding") was a document issued by the kings of Denmark from 13th to the 17th century, preceding and during the realm's personal union with the kingdoms of Sweden and Norway. Following Sweden's independence, similar documents were also issued by its kings. In many ways it is a Scandinavian parallel to the English Magna Carta.
The haandfæstning was the result of the strength of the power of the nobility. The first Danish king who was forced to sign this kind of charter was King Eric V in 1282. It was used as a regular coronation charter for the first time in 1320. Between 1440 and 1648 it was a normal condition for the recognition of a new king. When absolute monarchy was introduced in 1660 the last haandfæstning was mortified.
Unlike in England there was no permanent charter to sign; every new king had to accept a new one that applied to his own reign. On the other hand all haandfæstninger were based on the same model. The king had to promise that he would rule as a just king; that he would co-operate with the nobility; that he would never imprison any free man; that all leading offices (what one would today call "cabinet minister posts") and all local administration would be filled only by noblemen; and that questions of war and peace depended on the acceptance of the nobility. 
The charters did not necessarily transform the kings into puppets; most of them were able to create a solid base of power during their reign. And hardly any Danish king of the period totally kept the rules of the håndfæstning. The severity of the demands of the nobility also wavered from time to time. 
Some modern historians have regarded the "haandfæstninger" as (primitive) predecessors of the modern constitutions. This might be true as for the limitations of the royal power but it would not be fair to call them real democratic constitutions. First of all their purpose seems to have been to secure the power of the nobility and they expressly tried to keep commoners and other people of "low birth" away from any kind of political influence. Unlike their English parallel they therefore do not seem to have inspired any kind of modern Danish constitutional theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2853466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853466" title="Cartwright Hall">
Cartwright Hall

Cartwright Hall is the civic art gallery in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, situated about a mile from the city centre in the Manningham district.
The gallery was opened in 1904 with a collection of Victorian and Edwardian works donated by Samuel Lister. It is named after Edmund Cartwright.
Cartwright Hall stands in Lister Park and enjoys scenic views of the city. Cartwright Hall has been held to represent "Bradford Baroque", a style of architecture typical of Bradford. However, it was designed by the same architects as Glasgow's Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum (Sir John W. Simpson and E.J. Milner Allen), also in the Baroque style: perhaps the architecture of both buildings is best seen in a national context.
The purpose-built gallery is home to a notable collection of permanent works, from Old Masters to 20th-century British painters and sculptors. Cartwright Hall also houses contemporary exhibitions by local, national and international artists, historical exhibitions, craft and media arts, and a biennial open exhibition. Recent acquisitions include contemporary South Asian Art - Islamic calligraphy, illustrated textiles in the phulkari style and items of contemporary Sikh art, including a portrait of Guru Nanak).
In 1983 Cartwright Hall was briefly used as part of the musical number 'every sperm is sacred' in the Monty Python movie, "The Meaning of Life".
In 2003 an Unreal Tournament map was created featuring the inside of the hall as part of a contest for PC Format Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2853478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853478" title="Orellanine">
Orellanine

Orellanine or Orellanin is a mycotoxin found in some mushrooms of the Cortinariaceae family. Structurally, it is a pyridine N-oxide.
History.
In Poland during the 1950s there was a small epidemic where over 100 people became ill. What caused the illness remained a mystery until 1952 when Polish physician Dr. Stanisław Grzymala discovered that everyone suffering from the illness, which had by now claimed several lives, had eaten the mushroom "Cortinarius orellanus".
In 1962 he isolated a substance from the fungus. He named it orellanine after the Latin name of the toadstool. Given orally to research animals, he produced the same reaction as in humans.
In 1973 orellanine was discovered in the toadstool "Cortinarius rubellus".
Chemistry.
The chemical constitution of orellanine remained unknown until the Polish chemists Antkowiak and Gessner in the last half of the 1970s discovered that it was a bipyridine dioxide. The more stable tautomer is the amine oxide form.
An interesting feature of orellanine is its ability to bind aluminium ions to organic complexes.
Toxicity.
Bipyridines with positively charged nitrogen atoms were already known to be poisonous before the structure of orellanine was elucidated. The herbicides paraquat and diquat are toxic not only to plants, but also to animals including humans. Bipyridines with charged nitrogen atoms confound important redox reactions in organisms, ‘stealing’ one or two electrons and sometimes bypass the electrons into other and often undesirable redox reactions. The terminal product can be peroxide or superoxide ions, the latter of which is harmful to the cells. It is likely that orellanine works in the same way, although the process from disturbed redox reactions to the serious clinical kidney damage has not been properly resolved.
In humans, a characteristic of poisoning by the nephrotoxin orellanine is the long latency; the first symptoms usually do not appear until 2–3 days after ingestion and can in some cases take as long as 3 weeks. The first symptoms of orellanine poisoning are similar to the common flu (nausea, vomiting, stomach pains, headaches, myalgia, etc.), these symptoms are followed by early stages of renal failure (immense thirst, frequent urination, pain on and around the kidneys) and eventually decreased or nonexistent urine output and other symptoms of renal failure occur. If left untreated death will follow.
The of orellanine in mice is 12 to 20 mg per kg body weight; this is the dose which leads to death within two weeks. From cases of orellanine-related mushroom poisoning in humans it seems that the lethal dose for humans is considerably lower.
Treatment.
Although there is no known antidote against orellanine poisoning, early hospitalization can sometimes prevent serious injury and usually prevent death. Research is ongoing. Some treatments make use of anti-oxidant therapy and corticosteroids to help victims recover from their renal failure.

</doc>
<doc id="2853485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853485" title="10 (The Stranglers album)">
10 (The Stranglers album)

10 is the tenth studio album from The Stranglers and was the last to feature guitarist/lead singer Hugh Cornwell. The album was released in 1990. "10" peaked at No. 15 and spent four weeks in the UK Albums Chart.
There was a big band sound to this album, possibly due to the production work of Roy Thomas Baker and the continued use of a horn section. One of the highlights was the cover version of Question Mark & the Mysterians hit "96 Tears" (which reached No. 17 in the UK Singles Chart). Cornwell has expressed satisfaction with the way this album turned out, whereas the rest of the band, including live guitarist John Ellis, who joined the band on the next album, have all expressed negative feelings about "10".
The album sleeve shows the members of the band dressed up as ten of the most powerful world leaders of the time (l-r: Yasser Arafat, Rajiv Gandhi, Pope John Paul II, Mikhail Gorbachev, Margaret Thatcher, George H. W. Bush, Fidel Castro, Muammar al-Gaddafi, Benazir Bhutto and Joshua Nkomo)
Despite the album's American-friendly sound and the moderate success of "Sweet Smell of Success" in America (reaching No. 5 on the US Modern Rock Chart), the band did not undertake an American tour. Cornwell, feeling the band had come to a halt in the artistic evolution, decided to leave the band following the last gig on the supporting tour.
Singles released in the UK for this album were "96 Tears" (peaked at No. 17 in the UK Singles Chart) and "Sweet Smell Of Success" (which peaked at No. 65 in the same chart).

</doc>
<doc id="2853486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853486" title="Port of Brisbane">
Port of Brisbane

Port of Brisbane is the shipping port and suburb of Brisbane, on the east coast of Queensland, Australia. It is located in the lower reaches of the Brisbane River on reclaimed land that was once called Fisherman Islands at the mouth of the river. It currently is the third busiest port in Australia and the nation's fastest growing container port. It includes the main shipping channel across Moreton Bay which extends north to Mooloolaba and is dredged to maintain a depth fourteen metres at the lowest tide.
Queensland's next two largest ports are the Port of Gladstone and the Port of Townsville.
According to the former Queensland Department of Primary Industries the Port of Brisbane was the most likely entry point of the South American fire ant to Australia.
Facilities.
The port is managed by the Port of Brisbane Pty Ltd (PBPL) under a 99-year lease from the Queensland Government. The Port of Brisbane has 29 operating berths including nine deep-water container berths and three deep-water bulk berths as well as 17 bulk and general cargo berths. In total the port facilitates more than 2,600 ships each year and transports more than 28 million tonnes of cargo each year.
There are two cruise ship wharves for Brisbane, with differing facilities. Portside Wharf was completed in 2006 and is an international standard facility for cruise liners, offering restaurants, coffee shops, gift shops, and more. However, due to the height restrictions of the Gateway Bridge, the larger ocean going cruise liners must dock further down the river at the more industrial standard Multi User Terminal at the Port of Brisbane. Multi User Terminal is managed by the Port of Brisbane.
The port accommodates a visitors centre and in 2005 a shorebird roost was constructed. The bird roost is the largest site built specifically for migratory shorebirds on the east coast of Australia.
Transport Links.
The Port of Brisbane Motorway is a short road linking the Gateway Motorway to the Port of Brisbane.
In 1980 a narrow gauge (1067 millimetres) railway line was opened between the port and a junction near Lindum on the Cleveland line. This was converted to dual 1435/1067 mm gauge in 1997 under the Keating Government's One Nation program.
Expansion.
The Port of Brisbane is currently under a large upgrade and extension spending A$50 million on infrastructure and a further A$100 million on equipment including over 25 automated straddle carriers owned by Patrick Corporation.
In January 2008, Port of Brisbane Corporation signed an agreement with Brisbane Container Terminals, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hutchison Port Holdings, subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa, which Hutchison will operate berths 11 and 12 for 42 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2853487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853487" title="Safari park">
Safari park

A safari park, sometimes known as a wildlife park, is a zoo-like commercial tourist attraction where visitors can drive in their own vehicles or ride in vehicles provided by the facility to observe freely roaming animals. The main attractions are frequently large animals from Sub-Saharan Africa such as giraffes, lions, rhinoceros, elephants, zebras, and antelope.
A safari park is larger than a zoo and smaller than game reserves. For example, African Lion Safari in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada is . For comparison, Lake Nakuru in the Great Rift Valley, Kenya, is , and a typical large game reserve is Tsavo East, also in Kenya, which encompasses .
Safari parks often have other associated tourist attractions: golf courses, carnival rides, cafes/restaurants, miniature trains, and gift shops.
History.
The predecessor of safari parks is Africa U.S.A. Park (1953–1961) in Florida.
The first lion drive-through opened in 1963 in Tama Zoological Park in Tokyo. In double-glazed buses, visitors made a tour through a one-hectare enclosure with twelve African lions.
The first drive-through safari park outside of Africa opened in 1966 at Longleat in Wiltshire, England. Longleat, Windsor, Woburn and arguably the whole concept of safari parks were the brainchild of Jimmy Chipperfield (1912–1990), former co-director of Chipperfield's Circus, although a similar concept is explored as a plot device in Angus Wilson's "Old Men at the Zoo" which was published five years before Chipperfield set up Longleat. Longleat's Marquess of Bath agreed Chipperfield's proposition to fence off of his vast Wiltshire estate to house 50 lions.
Knowsley, the Earl of Derby's estate outside Liverpool, and the Duke of Bedford's Woburn estate in Bedfordshire both established their own safari parks with Chiperfield's partnership.
Another circus family, the Smart Brothers, joined the safari park business by opening a park at Windsor for visitors from London. The former Windsor Safari Park was in Berkshire, England, but closed in 1992 and has since been made into a Legoland. 
There is also Chipperfield's "Scotland Safari Park" established on Baronet Sir John Muir's estate at Blair Drummond near Stirling, and the American-run "West Midland Safari and Leisure Park" near Birmingham.
One park along with Jimmy Chipperfield at Lambton Castle in the North East England has closed.
Between 1967 and 1974, Lion Country Safari, Inc. opened 6 animal parks, one near each of the following American cities: West Palm Beach, Florida; Los Angeles, California; Grand Prairie, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Cincinnati, Ohio; and Richmond, Virginia. The first park, in South Florida, is the only Lion Country Safari still in operation.
Burgers' Zoo at Arnhem, Netherlands, opened a "safari park" in 1968 within a traditional zoo. In 1995, Burgers' Safari modified this to a walking safari with a board walk. Another safari park in the Netherlands is Safaripark Beekse Bergen.
Most safari parks were established in a short period of ten years, between 1966 and 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="2853494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853494" title="Mercedario">
Mercedario

Cerro Mercedario is the highest peak of the Cordillera de la Ramada range and the eighth-highest mountain of the Andes. It is located 100 km to the north of Aconcagua, in the Argentine province of San Juan. It was first ascended in 1934 by Adam Karpiński and Wiktor Ostrowski, members of a Polish andinist expedition led by Konstanty Jodko-Narkiewicz. The Polish party erected a cairn on the summit.
In 1968, after several attempts by some of the strongest Argentine climbers, a Japanese group led by Saburo Yoshida accomplished the first ascension of the south side. In 1971 an Austrian expedition led by Fritz Moravec and Othmar Kucera, climbed the north side. In 1972, Italians Sergio Job Gino and Antonio Beorchia Nigris climbed the Mercedario through the normal route and discovered some Inca ruins just below the summit. In January 1975 an Italian expedition led by Antonio Mastellaro managed to climb the east side.
In 1983 a small expedition from Gorizia was able to traverse the south-west ridge, which is considered the most difficult trail of the mountain, and one of the last mountaineering issues in the Andes. On January 27 Mauro Collini, Sergio Figel, Mario Tavagnutti and Rudi Vittori reached the top.

</doc>
<doc id="2853513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853513" title="Jean-Marie Balestre">
Jean-Marie Balestre

Jean-Marie Balestre (9 April 1921 – 27 March 2008) was a French auto racing executive administrator, who became President of the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) from 1978 to 1991 and President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) from 1985 to 1993.
Biography.
Balestre was born at Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, Bouches-du-Rhône.
During World War II, Balestre was a member of "Jeune Front", the rightist political party founded by Robert Hersant. 
He later joined the Germans in the French SS but later claimed to have been an undercover agent for the French Resistance, although the details of his activities during World War II are, in fact, unknown. After the war he worked as a journalist for Robert Hersant at a successful French automobile magazine called "L'Auto-Journal". He was a founding member of the Fédération Française du Sport Automobile, a French national motorsport organization, in 1950, and in 1961 became the first president of the International Karting Commission of the FIA. He was elected president of the FFSA in 1973 and president of the FIA's International Sporting Commission in 1978. He was instrumental in transforming the International Sporting Commission into the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) in 1978.
Balestre was heavily involved in what is colloquially called the FISA-FOCA war, a political battle over finances and control of the Formula One World Championships between 1980 and 1982. Balestre and his opponent, Bernie Ecclestone, settled the dispute after Enzo Ferrari brokered a compromise. Balestre signed the first Concorde Agreement, under which FOCA was granted the commercial rights to Formula One while the FIA retained control of all sporting and technical regulations.
In 1986, a few hours after the death of Henri Toivonen and Sergio Cresto in a crash, Balestre announced the spontaneous decision of the FISA to ban Group B rallying in favour of the slower, less technically advanced Group A. Despite this decision, WRC driver fatalities peaked in 1989.
Balestre is credited with establishing specific crash test requirements for Formula One cars, significantly improving the safety of the sport. He was also a key proponent of the switch to naturally aspirated engines in 1989, also arguing that such a move was essential for safety reasons. However, Balestre has also been accused of using his power for more than it was intended. In , after Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost collided at Suzuka, there were implications in "Autosport" magazine that Balestre was involved in manipulating the World Championship in favor of Prost, as Senna was disqualified from race victory, fined, and suspended. This ultimately led to Max Mosley's decision to run for the FISA presidency. Senna fell out with Balestre who threatened to revoke his super license but was included on the 1990 entry list. However, when Senna controversially collided with Prost in 1990 at the same Suzuka circuit, Balestre did not intervene or sanction the Brazilian.
Balestre was elected as president of the FIA, while remaining president of FISA, in 1986. He was replaced as president of FISA in 1991 when he lost the election to Max Mosley in October by a vote of 43 to 29. Facing certain defeat in the re-election to the FIA presidency in October 1993, Balestre elected to stand down, and proposed that FISA be abolished and Mosley replace him as president of the FIA. Balestre maintained the presidency of the FFSA until the end of 1996.
In the late 1970s, photographs began to circulate of Balestre wearing a German SS uniform and he took unsuccessful legal action to suppress their publication. In 1968 for his services to France during the war, Balestre received the Legion d'Honneur.
Balestre died on 27 March 2008, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="2853516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853516" title="Backbone network">
Backbone network

A backbone network or network backbone is a part of computer network infrastructure that interconnects various pieces of network, providing a path for the exchange of information between different LANs or subnetworks. A backbone can tie together diverse networks in the same building, in different buildings in a campus environment, or over wide areas. Normally, the backbone's capacity is greater than the networks connected to it. 
A large corporation that has many locations may have a backbone network that ties all of the locations together, for example, if a server cluster needs to be accessed by different departments of a company that are located at different geographical locations. The pieces of the network connections (for example: ethernet, wireless) that bring these departments together is often mentioned as network backbone. Network congestion is often taken into consideration while designing backbones.
One example of a backbone network is the Internet backbone.
Distributed backbone.
A distributed backbone is a backbone network that consists of a number of connectivity devices connected to a series of central connectivity devices, such as hubs, switches, or routers, in a hierarchy. This kind of topology allows for simple expansion and limited capital outlay for growth, because more layers of devices can be added to existing layers. In a distributed backbone network, all of the devices that access the backbone share the transmission media, as every device connected to this network is sent all transmissions placed on that network.
Distributed backbones, in all practicality, are in use by all large-scale networks. Applications in enterprise-wide scenarios confined to a single building are also practical, as certain connectivity devices can be assigned to certain floors or departments. Each floor or department possesses a LAN and a wiring closet with that workgroup's main hub or router connected to a bus-style network using backbone cabling . Another advantage of using a distributed backbone is the ability for network administrator to segregate workgroups for ease of management.
There is the possibility of single points of failure, referring to connectivity devices high in the series hierarchy. The distributed backbone must be designed to separate network traffic circulating on each individual LAN from the backbone network traffic by using access devices such as routers and bridges.
Collapsed backbone.
A collapsed backbone (inverted backbone, backbone-in-a-box) is a type of backbone network architecture. The traditional backbone network goes over the globe to provide interconnectivity to the remote hubs. In most cases, the backbones are the links while the switching or routing functions are done by the equipment at each hub. It is a distributed architecture.
In the case of a collapsed or inverted backbone, each hub provides a link back to a central location to be connected to a backbone-in-a-box. That box can be a switch or a router. The topology and architecture of a collapsed backbone is a star or a rooted tree.
The main advantages of the collapsed backbone approach are
However, the draw back of the collapsed backbone is that if the box housing the backbone is down or there are reachability problem to the central location, the entire network will crash. These problems can be minimized by having redundant backbone boxes as well as having secondary/backup backbone locations.
Parallel backbone.
There are a few different types of backbones that are used for an enterprise-wide network. When organizations are looking for a very strong and trustworthy backbone they should choose a parallel backbone. This backbone is a variation of a collapsed backbone in that it uses a central node (connection point). Although, with a parallel backbone, it allows for duplicate connections when there is more than one router or switch. Each switch and router are connected by two cables. By having more than one cable connecting each device, it ensures network connectivity to any area of the enterprise-wide network.
Parallel backbones are more expensive than other backbone networks because they require more cabling than the other network topologies. Although this can be a major factor when deciding which enterprise-wide topology to use, the expense of it makes up for the efficiency it creates by adding increased performance and fault tolerance. Most organizations use parallel backbones when there are critical devices on the network. For example, if there is important data, such as payroll, that should be accessed at all times by multiple departments, then your organization should choose to implement a Parallel Backbone to make sure that the connectivity is never lost.
Serial backbone.
A serial backbone is the simplest kind of backbone network. Serial backbones consist of two or more internet working devices connected to each other by a single cable in a daisy-chain fashion. A daisy chain is a group of connectivity devices linked together in a serial fashion. Hubs are often connected in this way to extend a network. However, hubs are not the only device that can be connected in a serial backbone. Gateways, routers, switches and bridges more commonly form part of the backbone. The serial backbone topology could be used for enterprise-wide networks, though it is rarely implemented for that purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="2853531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853531" title="Flammenwerfer 35">
Flammenwerfer 35

The "Flammenwerfer" 35, or FmW 35 (literally, "flame thrower") was a one-man German flamethrower used during World War II to clear out trenches and buildings. It could project fuel up to 25m from the user.
It weighed , and held of flaming oil, (Flammöl 19), petrol mixed with tar to make it heavier and to give it better range, which was ignited by a hydrogen torch providing about 10 seconds of continuous use. The firing device is activated at the same time with the "Selbstschlussventil" and is inside the protective pipe. The "Flammenwerfer" 35 was produced until 1941, when the lighter, slightly redesigned Flammenwerfer 41 began replacing it.

</doc>
<doc id="2853534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853534" title="N-Acetylglucosamine">
N-Acetylglucosamine

"N"-Acetylglucosamine ("N"-acetyl-D-glucosamine, or GlcNAc, or NAG) is a monosaccharide derivative of glucose. It is an amide between glucosamine and acetic acid. It has a molecular formula of C8H15NO6, a molar mass of 221.21 g/mol, and it is significant in several biological systems.
It is part of a biopolymer in the bacterial cell wall, built from alternating units of GlcNAc and "N"-acetylmuramic acid (MurNAc), cross-linked with oligopeptides at the lactic acid residue of MurNAc. This layered structure is called peptidoglycan (formerly called murein).
GlcNAc is the monomeric unit of the polymer chitin, which forms the outer coverings of insects and crustaceans. It is the main component of the radulas of mollusks, the beaks of cephalopods, and a minor component of the cell walls of Fungi.
Polymerized with glucuronic acid, it forms hyaluronan.
Medical uses.
It has been proposed as a treatment for autoimmune diseases, and recent tests have claimed some success.

</doc>
<doc id="2853538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853538" title="Foggy Highway">
Foggy Highway

Foggy Highway is an album recorded by Paul Kelly and the Stormwater Boys and originally released in May 2005 on EMI in Australia and Capitol Records in the US. It peaked at #6 on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year - 2005 Country chart. On 18 October 2005 it was re-released by Cooking Vinyl and included a four track bonus disc. In October 2010, the May 2005 version of "Foggy Highway" was listed in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums" at No. 66, with Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls' album, "Gossip" (1986) at No. 7.
The album is similar in nature to Kelly's earlier album "Smoke" in that the songs were a mixture of new songs in addition to songs Kelly had recorded on previous albums, all performed here in a folk/bluegrass style. The songs to appear on previous albums were "Rally Round the Drum" and "Ghost Town" (appearing on "Hidden Things"), "Don't Stand So Close to the Window" (appearing on "Under the Sun"), "Foggy Highway" (appearing on "Live, May 1992"), and "Cities of Texas" (appearing on "So Much Water So Close to Home").
Track listing.
All songs were written by Paul Kelly, except where noted.
Personnel.
Tracks 6 and 10
Track 4

</doc>
<doc id="2853547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853547" title="Chivalric order">
Chivalric order

Chivalric orders are societies and fellowships of knights founded in imitation of the military orders of the Crusades. After the crusades, the memory of these crusading military orders became idealised and romanticised.
Modern historiography tends to take the fall of Acre in 1291 as the final end of the age of the crusades. In contemporary understanding, many further crusades against the Turks were planned and partly executed throughout the 14th century and well into the 15th century.
The late medieval chivalric orders understood themselves as reflecting an ongoing military effort against Islam, even though such an effort, with the rise of the Ottoman Empire and the Fall of Constantinople in the 1450s, was without realistic hope of success.
During the 15th century, orders of chivalry became a mere courtly fashion that could be created "ad-hoc", some of them purely honorific, consisting of nothing but the badge. These institutions in turn gave rise to the modern-day orders of merit.
Distinction.
Heraldist D'Arcy Boulton (1987) classifies chivalric orders in the following manner:
Based on Boulton, this article distinguishes:
Medieval orders.
Confraternal orders.
Confraternal orders are orders of chivalry with the presidency attached to a nobleman:
Fraternal orders.
Fraternal orders are orders of chivalry that were formed off a vow & for a certain enterprise:
Votive orders.
Votive orders are orders of chivalry, temporarily formed on the basis of a vow. These were courtly chivalric games rather than actual pledges as in the case of the fraternal orders. Three are known from their statutes:
Cliental pseudo-orders.
Cliental pseudo-orders are not orders of chivalry and were princes's retinues fashionably termed orders. They are without statutes or restricted memberships:
Honorific orders.
Honorific orders were honorific insignia consisting of nothing but the badge:
Together with the monarchical chivalric orders (see above) these honorific orders are the prime ancestors of the modern-day orders of knighthood (see below) which are orders of merit in character.
The distinction between these orders and decorations is somewhat vague, except that these honorific orders still implied a membership in a group. Decorations have no such limitations, and are awarded purely to recognize the merit or accomplishments of the recipient. Both orders and decorations often come in multiple classes.
Modern orders.
Most orders created since the late 17th century were no longer societies and fellowships of knights who followed a common mission, but were established by monarchs or governments with the specific purpose of bestowing honours on deserving individuals. In most European monarchies, these new orders retained some outward forms from the medieval orders of chivalry (such as rituals and structure) but were in essence orders of merit, mainly distinguished from their republican counterparts by the fact that members were entitled to a title of nobility. While some orders required noble birth (such as the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary, established in 1764), others would confer a title upon appointment (such as the Military Order of Max Joseph, established in 1806) while in yet other orders only the top classes were considered knights (such as in the Order of St Michael and St George, established in 1818). Orders of merit which still confer privileges of knighthood are sometimes referred to as orders of knighthood. As a consequence of being not an order of chivalry but orders of merit or decorations, some republican honours have thus avoided the traditional structure found in medieval orders of chivalry and created new ones instead, e.g. the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany, the Decoration for Services to the Republic of Austria, or the Legion of Merit of the United States.
Imitation chivalric orders.
Some organisations claim to be chivalric orders but are actually private membership organisations that have not been created by a state or a reigning monarch. The answer to the question of whether an order is legitimate or not varies from nation to nation, François Velde wrote an "order of knighthood is legitimate if it is defined as legal, recognized and acknowledged as such by a sovereign authority. Within its borders, a sovereign state does as it pleases. Most, if not all, modern states have honorific orders and decorations of some kind, and those are sometimes called orders of knighthood." Exactly what makes one order legitimate and another self-styled or false is a matter of debate with some arguing that any monarch (reigning or not) or even the descendants of such can create an order while others assert that only a government with actual internationally recognized authority has such power (regardless of whether that government is republican or monarchial in nature).

</doc>
<doc id="2853549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853549" title="Customs House, Brisbane">
Customs House, Brisbane

Customs House is a heritage-listed customs house located on Queen Street by the Brisbane River in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was originally used for the collection of customs duty and was both completed and opened in 1889, when Queensland was a British colony, replacing the original Customs House located at Petrie Bight.
The collection of custom duties on imported products was particularly important to Queensland where the manufacturing sector was slow to develop. Brisbane was declared a port city in 1846. In 1908, seven years after federation, the building was acquired by the federal government.
Customs House is within reach of the CityCat catamaran ferry service, as well as the Free Loop Bus.
Construction and design.
Construction was finished in three years at a cost of ₤38,346. The downstream end of the Brisbane central business district was selected to spur the development of wharves in the precinct known as Petrie Bight. The lower floor contained a secure warehouse where goods not having been passed customs were stored.
Customs House is a Brisbane landmark known for its distinctive copper dome. The building was designed by Charles McLay of the Queensland Colonial Architect's Office. Despite no government in the country having a coat of arms at the time, the building features a depiction on its facade of a shield between an emu and kangaroo. An iron balustrade was shipped from England with the initials VR for Victoria Regina wrought on it in honour of Queen Victoria. Inside the structure features black and white marble with cedar fittings.
Current use.
The building became redundant when port facilities moved to the Port of Brisbane at the mouth of the Brisbane River, resulting in its closure in April 1988. The building is now leased by the University of Queensland and was refurbished between 1991 and 1994, at a cost of A$7.5 million. There is a restaurant and function centre within the building, and regular concerts and an art gallery occupies the lower floor. The Long Room was once the place customs business was transacted. Today the room is used for various functions, lectures and dinners.
Heritage listings.
The building was registered on the now defunct Register of the National Estate in 1980. 
The building was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2853551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853551" title="Conor McGinn">
Conor McGinn

Conor Patrick McGinn is a County Armagh-born politician who was Chair of the Labour Party Irish Society until 2012.
He stood as a Labour candidate in Mildmay ward, London Borough of Islington in May 2006, but narrowly lost to the Liberal Democrats by less than 100 votes.
His candidacy for an English constituency as a Northern Irish-born politician in Britain attracted attention from certain segments of the media such as "The Irish Post", which reported that he was among the youngest ever (aged 21) Labour candidates in local elections.
In 2003, he received a Young Leaders Award from the Royal Society of Arts, having been awarded a Churchill Fellowship the previous year.
Between 2006 and 2007 McGinn was the Chair of the Young Fabians and previously was Vice Chair of Young Labour (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="2853552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853552" title="Johnston McCulley">
Johnston McCulley

Johnston McCulley (February 2, 1883 – November 23, 1958) was the author of hundreds of stories, fifty novels, numerous screenplays for film and television, and the creator of the character Zorro.
Many of his novels and stories were written under the pseudonyms Harrington Strong, Raley Brien, George Drayne, Monica Morton, Rowena Raley, Frederic Phelps, Walter Pierson, and John Mack Stone, among others.
McCulley started as a police reporter for "The Police Gazette" and served as an Army public affairs officer during World War I. An amateur history buff, he went on to a career in pulp magazines and screenplays, often using a Southern California backdrop for his stories.
Aside from Zorro, McCulley created many other pulp characters, including Black Star, The Spider, The Mongoose, and Thubway Tham. Many of McCulley's characters—The Green Ghost, The Thunderbolt, and The Crimson Clown—were inspirations for the masked heroes that have appeared in popular culture from McCulley's time to the present day.
Born in Ottawa, Illinois, and raised in Chillicothe, Illinois, he died in 1958 in Los Angeles, California aged 75.
Works.
Some of McCulley's tales are available from Wildside Press and Altus Press. Pulp Adventures Inc. has published two oversized trade paperback volumes reprinting many of the original Zorro stories.
McCulley's characters.
Zorro.
McCulley's Zorro character, reminiscent of Baroness Orczy's Scarlet Pimpernel, was first serialized in the story "The Curse of Capistrano" in 1919 in the pulp magazine "All-Story Weekly" in 1919.
Zorro became his most enduring character, appearing in four novels (the last three were all serialized in "Argosy" Magazine, which had absorbed "All-Story"). The first appeared in 1919, the second in 1922, then there was a significant gap before the appearance of the third novel "Zorro Rides Again" in 1931. The appearance of the 1920 Douglas Fairbanks silent movie "The Mark of Zorro", based on the first novel, was the direct cause for McCulley reviving what had originally been a one-time hero plot.
The popularity of the character led to three novellas appearing in "Argosy": "The Further Adventures of Zorro" (1922), "Zorro Rides Again" (1931), and "The Sign of Zorro" (1941). In between he wrote many other novels and stories set in early Spanish California which did not have Zorro as the lead character. The last full length novel "The Sign of Zorro" appeared in 1941. Republic optioned the character for a serial "Zorro's Fighting Legion" which was released in 1939 and was well received. Over the coming decade Republic released three other serials connected in some way with the Zorro character. In 1940, "The Mark of Zorro" remake starring Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell made the character much wider known to the public at large, and McCulley decided to bring Zorro back with new stories.
McCulley made an arrangement with the pulp "West Magazine" to produce a brand new Zorro short story for every issue. The first of these stories appeared in July 1944 and the last one appeared in July 1951, the final issue of the publication. Fifty-three adventures in all were published in "West". An additional story (possibly a story originally written for "West" which went unpublished when West folded) appeared in "Max Brand's Western Magazine" in the May 1954 issue. The final Zorro story appeared in "Short Story Magazine" April 1959, after McCulley's death and after Walt Disney's Zorro television program starring Guy Williams had become nationally popular.
Black Star.
Probably his second most popular character from the pulps was "The Black Star", a criminal mastermind who is pursued by Roger Verbeck-Flagellum and Muggs, a millionaire bachelor and his ex-thug partner. Black Star first appeared in the Street & Smith pulp "Detective Story Magazine" on 5 March 1916.
Black Star was what was once termed a "gentleman criminal", in that he does not commit murder, nor does he permit any of his gang to kill anyone, not even the police or his arch enemy Roger Verbeck. He does not threaten women, always keeps his word, and is invariably courteous, nor does he deal with narcotics in any of his stories. He is always seen in a black cloak and a black hood on which is embossed a jet black star. The Black Star and his gang used "vapor bombs" and "vapor guns" which rendered their victims instantly unconscious, a technique which pre-dated the Green Hornet's gas gun by several decades.
These stories were very popular with the readership of "Detective Story Magazine" and some of them were reprinted by Chelsea House, a division of Street & Smith, in a series of inexpensive hardback books. The character lasted through the end of 1930.
The Spider.
The Spider was another long running villain character, and considered by some a significant pulp supervillain. The Spider appeared in 11 short stories and three short story collections between 1918 and 1930. He was injured as a young man and used a wheelchair, but he used his mental abilities to run an international crime ring from his office, 'The Spider's Den'.
The Crimson Clown.
The Crimson Clown appeared in "Detective Story Magazine" beginning in 1926, and immediately attracted reader interest, so much so that Street & Smith published two hardback collections of his adventures. "The Crimson Clown" (1927) was rushed to press just as soon as there was enough material available to fill a hardback volume. This was followed by "The Crimson Clown Again" (1928).
The Crimson Clown is Delton Prouse, a wealthy young bachelor, able veteran of The Great War, explorer, and all around adventurer who functions as a modern Robin Hood, stealing from the unjustly rich and returning money to helpless victims or worthy organizations. He dresses in a mostly white clown suit and uses a tear gas pistol (later this became a "gas gun").
By the end of 1931 McCulley had permanently retired the character.
Filmography.
Many of Johnston McCulley's stories were made into motion pictures. McCulley also wrote for motion pictures. Here is a brief filmography.
Death.
Johnston McCulley died on November 23, 1958 in Los Angeles, California. The Los Angeles Times obituary gives an address in Los Angeles of 6533 Hollywood Blvd. at the time of his death, an address which is confirmed in the Marquis volume and places McCulley in the Hillview Hollywood Apartments. There is no record of when he moved there, although the Marquis article may have been originally prepared in the late 1940s/early 1950s, with additional material appended on in the late 1950s. The "New York Times" obituary mentions that he died "after a series of operations" a phrase echoed in other newspaper obits from other parts of the country, most likely taken from a "New York Times" feed.
McCulley is entombed in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2853564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853564" title="Carp River">
Carp River

Carp River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2853565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853565" title="Snickometer">
Snickometer

A Snickometer, commonly known as Snicko, is used in televising cricket to graphically analyse sound and video, and show whether a fine noise, or snick, occurs as ball passes bat. It was invented by English computer scientist Allan Plaskett in the mid-1990s. The snickometer was introduced by Channel 4 in the UK, who also introduced the Hawk-Eye and the Red Zone, in 1999.
Uses.
The Snickometer is often used in a slow motion television replay by the third umpire to determine if the cricket ball touched the cricket bat on the way through to the wicketkeeper. The commentators will listen and view the shape of the recorded soundwave. If there is a sound of leather on willow, which is usually a short sharp sound in synchrony with the ball passing the bat, then the ball has touched the bat. Other sounds such as the ball hitting the batsman's pads, or the bat hitting the pitch, and so on, tend to have a fatter shape on the sound waveform.
If, in the umpire's opinion, this is the case, and the ball was a legal delivery that was caught before touching the ground, then the batsman is given out by the umpire. The umpire does not have the benefit of the Snickometer, and must instead rely on his senses of sight and hearing, as well as his judgement. When the Umpire DRS (Decision Review System) was introduced to Test Cricket, Snicko was not considered accurate enough, and so another edge detecting tool Hot Spot was used.
Channel 4 in the UK and Channel Nine of Australia, amongst others, have used it to help determine if the batsman was out or not. In 2013, Allan Plaskett was operating it for Sky TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2853572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853572" title="Riverside Centre, Brisbane">
Riverside Centre, Brisbane

The Riverside Centre is a skyscraper designed by Harry Seidler and located at 123 Eagle Street, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Completed in 1986, it contains 40 storeys and rises 146 m above ground. The building is owned by General Property Trust.
The base of the building fronts the Brisbane River with a CityCat wharf, has many cafes and restaurants, and is the site for the Riverside markets on Sundays. The Riverwalk, which links the central business district to suburbs both up and down the Brisbane river was built between the water and the public space surrounding the skyscraper.
The open plaza and steps at the tower base is a recommended viewing point for the Riverfire celebrations. The building has been heritage listed and holds the Brisbane Stock exchange. Norman Carlberg was the sculptor who collaborated with Seidler on works for the Riverside project.
The site was initially a cemetery. It was later occupied by low level buildings attached to wharves.
Riparian Plaza, the second major building in Brisbane designed by Seidler, was completed in 2005 and is located near the Riverside Centre. One One One Eagle Street is located between the two buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="2853573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853573" title="Philip Lucock">
Philip Lucock

Philip Ernest Lucock, CBE (16 January 1916 – 8 August 1996) was an English born Presbyterian minister and politician. Although he was born in England, he spent most of his life in Australia.
Early life.
Born in Eltham, Kent, on 16 January 1916, Philip Lucock emigrated to New Zealand in 1923, where he was educated.
In 1937, after working in the retail trade, 21-year-old Lucock emigrated again, this time to Australia.
Pastoral career.
He studied for the ministry at St Andrew's College in Sydney, but suspended his studies to serve in the Royal Australian Air Force between 1941 and 1943 during World War 2.
In 1948 Lucock was ordained as a minister of the Presbyterian Church of Australia. He became the minister at St Andrew's Presbyterian Church in Wingham, New South Wales.
Political career.
One year after he was ordained, Lucock stood as one of four candidates for the Country Party of Australia in the newly created seat of Lyne. He polled third behind Jim Eggins, who won the seat for the Country Party, and the Labor candidate Edward Hayes.
Lucock did not stand at the 1951 poll, but on the death of Jim Eggins in January 1952 a by-election was called. Lucock and Donald Lancaster stood for the Country Party against Edward Hayes. The presence of two Country Party candidates split the vote and Hayes took three thousand votes more than either Lucock or Lancaster, but with preferences from Lancaster, Lucock easily won the seat. When he was sworn in as the member for Lyne on 22 March 1952 Philip Lucock became the first member of the House of Representatives to swear allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II who had ascended to the throne on 6 February.
Once elected Philip Lucock served in the government of Sir Robert Menzies as Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives. Lucock also served in this role under Prime Ministers Harold Holt, John Gorton, William McMahon and Malcolm Fraser.
At the 1954 election Donald Lancaster, Lucock's running partner for the 1952 by election, stood against him as the Labor Party candidate. Although he gained 11.4 percent of the vote Lancaster's presence did not stop Lucock from gaining re-election.
In 1969 the seat of Lyne underwent redistribution, with the electorate area moving southward. Although the Labor Party increased its vote by 2 thousand, this did not have any great effect on the result of the election, with Philip Lucock winning by more than ten thousand votes.
Lyne was again redistributed in 1977 with the electorate again contracting from the north. Lucock retained the seat with a margin of 11.4 percent over Labor.
Retirement.
After more than 28 years in the Australian Parliament Philip Lucock retired at the 1980 election. He was succeeded by Bruce Cowan. After leaving Parliament he served as Moderator of the Presbyterian Church. He retired to Queensland, living in the Brisbane suburb of Keperra until his death in 1996. His funeral was held in Brisbane and a memorial service was held at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Wingham, and each were attended by representatives of the Commonwealth Parliament.
External links.
Election Results - Division of Lyne 1949-1980
Condolence Motions in the Australian Federal Parliament at the Death of Philip Lucock

</doc>
<doc id="2853589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853589" title="Fight for Your Life">
Fight for Your Life

Fight for Your Life is a 1977 action film starring William Sanderson (of "Blade Runner" fame).
Synopsis.
Sanderson plays Kane, a hate-fuelled redneck who absconds from jail with his sidekicks (an Asian and a Mexican). They hole up in the secluded house of a black minister and his family, where harsh epithets are exchanged and the minister is forced to take action to defend his family.
Critical reception.
"Fight for Your Life" has received a negative response from critics. "TV Guide" called it "a vile low-budget film that couldn't have found a receptive audience even during the height of tough blaxploitation pictures." Allmovie called it an "outrageous sleazefest" and "amazingly racist".
Censorship.
"Fight For Your Life" was denied a British theatrical release in 1981, but a video release the following year allowed the public brief access to the film before it wound up on the video nasties list and was outlawed. It is notable for being the only 'video nasty' to appear on the list due to language, specifically the racism displayed by Sanderson's character.
Availability.
Briefly available in the United Kingdom on the independent video label Vision On, released circa 1982, but outlawed with the advent of the Video Recordings Act (1984), "Fight For Your Life" was denied a British cinema release when it was rejected by the BBFC in October 1981. "Fight For Your Life" was issued in the U.S. by Blue Underground as a remastered DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="2853592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853592" title="Not Quite the Diplomat">
Not Quite the Diplomat

Not Quite the Diplomat: Home Truths About World Affairs is a book by Chris Patten, published by Allen Lane in September 2005. Patten was the last Governor of Hong Kong and afterwards became Europe's Commissioner for External Relations. In the book, he attempts to provide insights into the world of diplomacy and discusses the position of a unified Europe in relation to the United States and emerging powers such as India and China.
A revised version of the book for the American market is called Cousins and Strangers: America, Britain, and Europe in a New Century. It contains an additional chapter, "Happy Families".

</doc>
<doc id="2853595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853595" title="Henri Bosco">
Henri Bosco

Henri Bosco (November 16, 1888 – May 4, 1976) was a French writer.
Bosco was born in Avignon, Vaucluse into a family of Piedmontese origin. Through his father, he was related to Saint John Bosco, of whom he wrote a biography. His novels for adults and children provide a sensitive evocation of Provençal life. In 1945 he was awarded the Prix Renaudot for his novel "Le Mas Théotime" ("The Farm Théotime"). Other awards he received were the Prix des Ambassadeurs in 1949, the Grand prix national des lettres in 1953, the Prix de l'Académie de Vaucluse in 1966, the Grand prix de la Mediterranée in 1967, and the Grand prix de l'Académie française in 1968. He died in Nice and was buried at the cemetery of Lourmarin.

</doc>
<doc id="2853600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853600" title="The Collection 1977–1982">
The Collection 1977–1982

The Collection 1977–1982 is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released to complete their contract with EMI, who had acquired the band's back catalogue on the United Artists and Liberty labels. It peaked at No. 12 in the UK Albums Chart in 1982. 
The album collected together several of the bands most popular singles and album tracks, and also included a "new" track, "Strange Little Girl". The inclusion of "Strange Little Girl" was an ironic move on the band's part: EMI had been indifferent to the band when they acquired their catalogue the previous year, not regarding them as a commercial proposition. The band proved them wrong by having a hit single with "Golden Brown", despite lacklustre promotion from EMI. When required to deliver a final single, the band re-recorded the song "Strange Little Girl", which they had originally been on a demo tape they had given to EMI in 1974. EMI rejected the tape at the time, but the re-recorded "Strange Little Girl" went on to be a top 10 hit.
A companion VHS video was released to accompany the album, containing promo clips for several of the band's songs. This was later released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="2853606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853606" title="Yamagata Masakage">
Yamagata Masakage

Yamagata was a fierce warrior who fought in many battles and was given a fief in Shinano. He was present at the Battle of Mimasetoge in 1569 and captured Yoshida Castle, a Tokugawa possession, during the Mikatagahara Campaign (1572–73) and was present for the following Battle of Mikatagahara. His last campaign was in the ill fated Battle of Nagashino in 1575 where he was shot down on horse while charging together with his famous red fire unit. All of them died together with him. 
Yamagata tried to persuade Takeda Katsuyori to call off twice at the attack of Nagashino, as he knew there was a trap waiting for them, however Katsuyori didn't listen.
Ii Naomasa from the Tokugawa clan was inspired by Yamagata's red colour, he made tribute to him by naming his army the "Red Devil Brigade." 
According to legend, Shingen called out to Yamagata from his deathbed in 1573 and ordered him to plant his banners at the Seta Bridge, the traditional eastern gateway to Kyôto. 
In popular culture.
Yamagata is one of the main characters in Akira Kurosawa's epic film "Kagemusha". 
Yamagata's role at Nagashino is often downplayed in video games based on the event (Samurai Warriors, Devil Kings and the like). He is usually replaced by Sanada Yukimura, although Yukimura does wear Yamagata's signature red armor.

</doc>
<doc id="2853608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853608" title="Monster Truck Madness">
Monster Truck Madness

Monster Truck Madness is a racing video game developed by Terminal Reality and published by Microsoft Game Studios for Windows 95. During development it was referred to as "Heavy Metal Truck" or by the internal codename "Metal Crush".
Development.
Development of Monster Truck Madness started in 1995 as a DOS monster truck racing simulator named "Metal Crush". After getting funds from Microsoft and licensing to use real life trucks, Microsoft decided the game must be run in a Windows 32-bits environment, like other TRI games published by Microsoft (that were ported to the Win32 API, like Fury3, a Win32 game based on the DOS Terminal Velocity's engine). The game was ported to Windows and it was renamed to "Heavy Metal Truck" for a short period of time. "Heavy Metal Truck" had a very primitive user interface, only 2 tracks (Indiana State Fairgrounds and Arizona), 5 basic trucks and it included a truck editor and a free roam mode, features that later were excluded from the final product. During the development of "Heavy Metal Truck", a more user friendly graphical user interface was added, the stock trucks were removed and replaced from real life licensed trucks, and the name of the game was renamed to "Monster Truck Madness".
Gameplay.
A racing game, "Monster Truck Madness" allows players to select between the 12 real life monster trucks and compete with AI players in one of four modes - drag (based on PENDA Point Series), circuit, rally and tournament. It is also possible for human players to race against one another via DirectPlay.
Drags.
In drag racing mode, monster trucks compete to be the first to cross a set finish line. Drag tracks has 2 lane styles, the straight and J-style.
The straight monster truck drag lane has 2 sets of ramps that lead to two 3-car jumps. The first ramp sends the player flying to the first 3-car jump, with the second jump coming up quickly. Once the player has cleared both jumps, the player have to make his way to the finish line as fast as he can. The J-style tracks add a tight turn between two sections of track: The first section is a straightaway with two jump ramps followed by the second section with a 5-car jump that sends the player to the finish line. 
Drags included in the game are:
Circuit.
In circuit racing mode, the player has to follow checkpoints to finish an amount of laps set by the player. Circuits have a maximum of 20 laps and 7 opponents (8 trucks). 
Circuits included in the game are:
Based on Margaritaville, Texas. It is the most famous track of the series, being remade various times in different games made by TRI, such as 4x4 Evolution. It is the only track that includes an animated BIN model. This is the only available track in the demo version of the game.
Based on Brazil.
Based on Greenbow, Alabama, a reference to Forrest Gump.
Based on "Keith's Backyard". Keith Wintraub was the Product Planning Project Leader of "Monster Truck Madness"
Based on Windsor, Ontario.
An official add-on track, based on "Mike's Dementia"
An official add-on track, based on Texas Strip Mines
An official add-on track, based on Sierra Nevada
Rally.
In rally racing mode, the player has to follow checkpoints to finish only one lap. Rallies have a maximum of 7 opponents (8 trucks total). 
Rallies included in the game are:
Arizona was the first track made for the game, and it was included in the earliest "Heavy Metal Truck" builds.
Based on the Scottish Highlands, includes a hidden soccer field and the Loch Ness Monster.
Based on an unknown island of the Yucatán peninsula.
An add-on track, based on Golden, Colorado. Includes a "Cop Bronco" model, an early "Heavy Metal Truck" truck removed from the game.
Game details.
Modding.
"Monster Truck Madness" support customized additions and modifications such as new trucks and tracks via packaged files in a data archive known as "PODs", after the extension of the data files containing the mods. POD files are mounted in game via an ini text file located in the game directory. The POD file extension is a standard file format used in Terminal Reality games.
Terminal Reality released a DOS track and truck editor called TrackEd, which include a POD file manager. However, there is plenty of third-party utilities made for the game and its sequel.
Languages.
The game is available in English, French and German, and it has been unofficially translated to Spanish.
Voice acting.
Throughout the game, commentary is provided by "Army" Armstrong, purportedly the Murray Walker of the monster trucking world. Of note is the modular way in which race calls are structured, such as "Grave Digger / is doin' it / in the air! "
Community.
MTM communities are now largely inactive. However, the game enjoyed significant popularity among casual gamers in the late 90s, and its success was largely carried through into the 21st century by its successor, "Monster Truck Madness 2".
Sequel.
A sequel to the original and released in 1998, Monster Truck Madness 2 (abbreviated as MTM2, codenamed Metal Crush 2) offers improved graphics, an updated interface, new trucks and tracks and the addition of variable weather conditions. However, the game engine is essentially the same as that utilized in the original game. A testament to their similarity is the fact that most custom trucks and tracks are compatible with both games.

</doc>
<doc id="2853624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853624" title="Scone railway station">
Scone railway station

Scone railway station is located on the Main North line in New South Wales, Australia. It serves the town of Scone opening on 17 April 1871.
Station configuration.
The station has one platform and a passing loop. The original John Whitton 1871 brick building remains. The station's toilets are closed, but there are toilets available in the adjoining park and at the service station a few hundred metres away.
Platforms & services.
Scone is the terminating point for NSW TrainLink's Hunter line services from Newcastle and a stopping point for NSW TrainLink Xplorer services. There are three local services to/from Newcastle on weekdays with two on weekends. Each day a northbound Xplorer service operates to Armidale and Moree with a southbound service operating to Sydney.
The station, with a single platform, is mostly unstaffed with no ticketing machine, with Hunter line passengers required to purchase a ticket at their destination. Country tickets can be purchased from the local community centre. The Hunter services were introduced by CityRail in September 1990.
Hunter line services usually terminate at the southern end of the platform which is slightly raised. Xplorers use the full platform.

</doc>
<doc id="2853626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853626" title="Huntley Township, Ontario">
Huntley Township, Ontario

Huntley is an historic township originally part of Carleton County in eastern Ontario, Canada.
Huntley was located in the western part of the county, bordered to the northwest by Fitzroy Township, to the northeast by March Township, to the southwest by Ramsay Township and to the southeast by Goulbourn Township. It includes the communities of Carp, Corkery, Huntley, Manion Corners, and Westwood.
According to the Canada 2011 Census, the Township had a population of 8,845.[http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2011/dp-pd/prof/details/page.cfm?Lang=E&Geo1=CT&Code1=4511&Geo2=CMA&Code2=505&Data=Count&SearchText=&SearchType=Begins&SearchPR=01&B1=All&Custom=]
History.
The township was established in 1841. The first settlers in the area were immigrants from Ireland in the early 19th century. Huntley took its name from Huntly Castle, associated with Charlotte Lennox, Duchess of Richmond, whose husband Charles served as Governor General of British North America from 1818 to 1819.
By 1866, there was a Post Office in the township of Huntley and John Graham served as postmaster.
In 1974, it was amalgamated with Torbolton and Fitzroy to form West Carleton. In 2001, West Carleton became part of the new city of Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="2853642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853642" title="Ken Charlery">
Ken Charlery

Kenneth Leroy Charlery (born November 28, 1964 in Stepney), is a former St Lucian international footballer, who has played club football in England with Birmingham City and for Basildon United, Watford, Peterborough United, Boston United and Barnet, among others.
Ken Charlery obtained legendary status in his first spell at Peterborough United by scoring two goals in the 1992 3rd Division Play Off Final including an 89th minute winner. Ken left Posh in the 1992/93 season to sign for Watford but returned the following year for a second spell at the club but was unable to save them from relegation to the old Second Division. He was named as captain by new Posh manager, John Still for the 1994/95 season; he was voted player of the year, the second time he'd received the accolade. He moved to Birmingham in 1995 but was back for a third spell with Posh in 1996. In the 1996/97 season he endured a run of twenty-four scoreless games, which saw him depart for the final time. He is still known affectionately as King Kenny at London Road.
He was working as Assistant Manager at Harrow Borough, before joining Peterborough United as an assistant coach to help Andy Legg and Barry Fry with coaching responsibilities until the end of the 2005-2006 season.
Ken Charlery returned to Harrow Borough FC, where as assistant manager, he helped them gain a place in the play-offs of the Ryman Premier in 2010-11. In the Summer of 2011 he moved to St Albans City FC to be assistant manager under David Howell.

</doc>
<doc id="2853658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853658" title="Adrorhizon">
Adrorhizon

Adrorhizon purpurascens is a species of orchid (family Orchidaceae). It is the only species in the genus Adrorhizon and of the subtribe Adrorhizinae.
The genus is native to southern India and Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="2853660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853660" title="Rarities (The Stranglers album)">
Rarities (The Stranglers album)

Rarities is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released by EMI, who had acquired the back catalogue of the Stranglers' former record labels United Artists and Liberty. Celia and the Mutations are The Stranglers backing Celia Gollin.

</doc>
<doc id="2853674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853674" title="Nitrile rubber">
Nitrile rubber

Nitrile rubber, also known as Buna-N, Perbunan, acrylonitrile butadiene rubber, and NBR, is a synthetic rubber copolymer of acrylonitrile (ACN) and butadiene. Trade names include Nipol, Krynac and Europrene.
Nitrile butadiene rubber (NBR) is a family of unsaturated copolymers of 2-propenenitrile and various butadiene monomers (1,2-butadiene and 1,3-butadiene). Although its physical and chemical properties vary depending on the polymer’s composition of nitrile, this form of synthetic rubber is unusual in being generally resistant to oil, fuel, and other chemicals (the more nitrile within the polymer, the higher the resistance to oils but the lower the flexibility of the material).
It is used in the automotive and aeronautical industry to make fuel and oil handling hoses, seals, and grommets, since ordinary rubbers cannot be used. It is used in the nuclear industry to make protective gloves. NBR's ability to withstand a range of temperatures from makes it an ideal material for aeronautical applications. Nitrile butadiene is also used to create moulded goods, footwear, adhesives, sealants, sponges, expanded foams, and floor mats.
Its resilience makes NBR a useful material for disposable lab, cleaning, and examination gloves. Nitrile rubber is more resistant than natural rubber to oils and acids, but has inferior strength and flexibility. Nitrile gloves are nonetheless three times more puncture-resistant than natural rubber gloves.
Nitrile rubber is generally resistant to aliphatic hydrocarbons. Nitrile, like natural rubber, can be attacked by ozone, ketones, esters and aldehydes.
Production.
Emulsifier (soap), 2-propenenitrile, various butadiene monomers (including 1,3-butadiene, 1,2-butadiene), radical generating activators, and a catalyst are added to polymerization vessels in the production of hot NBR. Water serves as the reaction medium within the vessel. The tanks are heated to 30–40 °C to facilitate the polymerization reaction and to promote branch formation in the polymer. Because several monomers capable of propagating the reaction are involved in the production of nitrile rubber the composition of each polymer can vary (depending on the concentrations of each monomer added to the polymerization tank and the conditions within the tank). One repeating unit found throughout the entire polymer may not exist. For this reason there is also no IUPAC name for the general polymer. The reaction for one possible portion of the polymer is shown below:
Monomers are usually permitted to react for 5 to 12 hours. Polymerization is allowed to proceed to ~70% conversion before a “shortstop” agent (such as dimethyldithiocarbamate and diethyl hydroxylamine) is added to react with the remaining free radicals. Once the resultant latex has “shortstopped”, the unreacted monomers are removed through a steam in a slurry stripper. Recovery of unreacted monomers is close to 100%. After monomer recovery, latex is sent through a series of filters to remove unwanted solids and then sent to the blending tanks where it is stabilized with an antioxidant. The yielded polymer latex is coagulated using calcium nitrate, aluminium sulfate, and other coagulating agents in an aluminium tank. The coagulated substance is then washed and dried into crumb rubber.
The process for the production of cold NBR is very similar to that of hot NBR. Polymerization tanks are heated to 5–15 °C instead of 30–40 °C. Under lower temperature conditions, less branching will form on polymers (the amount of branching distinguishes cold NBR from hot NBR).
Properties.
The raw material is Black/Yellow dotted in color. Its elongation after fracture is ≥ 300% and possesses a tensile strength of ≥ 10 N/mm². NBR has good resistance to mineral oils, vegetable oils, benzene/petrol, ordinary diluted acids and alkalines.
Applications.
The uses of nitrile rubber include disposable non-latex gloves, automotive transmission belts, hoses, O rings, gaskets, oil seals, V belts, synthetic leather, printer's roller, and as cable jacketing; NBR latex can also be used in the preparation of adhesives and as a pigment binder.
Unlike polymers meant for ingestion, where small inconsistencies in chemical composition/structure can have a pronounced effect on the body, the general properties of NBR are not altered by minor structural/compositional differences. The production process itself is not overly complex; the polymerization, monomer recovery, and coagulation processes require some additives and equipment, but they are typical of the production of most rubbers. The necessary apparatus is simple and easy to obtain. For these reasons, the substance is widely produced in poorer countries where labor is relatively cheap. Among the highest producers of NBR are mainland China and Taiwan.
A hydrogenated version of nitrile rubber, HNBR, also known as HSN (highly saturated nitrile) is commonly used to manufacture o-rings for automotive air-conditioning systems.
In January 2008 the European Commission imposed fines totaling €34,230,000 on the Bayer and Zeon groups for fixing prices for nitrile butadiene rubber, in violation of the EU ban on cartels and restrictive business practices (Article 81 of the EC Treaty and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement).
Criminals have also been known to wear these gloves during the commission of their crimes. These gloves are often chosen because of their tight, thin fit that allows the hands to remain dexterous. Ironically, because of the thinness of these gloves, fingerprints may actually pass through the material as glove prints, thus transferring the wearer's prints onto whatever surface is touched or handled.
Dangers.
Use of these gloves when working with nitric acid or other strong oxidizers can be hazardous; the sample may spontaneously oxidize the gloves on contact, resulting in thermal and chemical burns from both the heat of oxidation and the caustic sample.
XNBR.
An improved version of Nitrile Butadiene Rubber (NBR) is Carboxylated Nitrile Butadiene Rubber (XNBR).
In this execution there are beside the sulfur bridges also carboxyl groups R-COO- on the double bond of the butadiene part. These groups will make ionic cross links with zinc Zn++ to give improved physical properties as compared to a non-carboxylated Nitrile rubber. These ionic crosslinks are formed along with sulfur links. The carboxyl groups which are needed for these extra links are distributed randomly and are present at levels of 10% or less.

</doc>
<doc id="2853686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853686" title="Adrorhizinae">
Adrorhizinae

Adrorhizinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Vandeae.

</doc>
<doc id="2853690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853690" title="M2 proton channel">
M2 proton channel

The M2 protein is a proton-selective ion channel protein, integral in the viral envelope of the influenza A virus. The channel itself is a homotetramer (consists of four identical M2 units), where the units are helices stabilized by two disulfide bonds. It is activated by low pH. M2 protein is encoded on the seventh RNA segment together with the matrix protein M1. Proton conductance by the M2 protein in influenza A is essential for viral replication.
Structure.
In influenza A virus M2 protein unit consists of three protein segments comprising 97 amino acid residues: (i) an extracellular N-terminal domain (residues 1–23); (ii) a trans membrane (TM) domain (residues 24–46); (iii) an intracellular C-terminal domain (residues 47–97). The TM domain forms the pore of the ion channel. The important residues are the imidazole of His37 (pH sensor) and the indole of Trp41 (gate). This domain is the target of the anti influenza drugs, Amantadine and its methyl derivative Rimantadine. The first 17 residues of the M2 cytoplasmic tail form a highly conserved amphipathic helix 
The amphipathic helix residues (46–62) within the cytoplasmic tail play role in virus budding and assembly. The influenza virus utilizes these amphipathic helices in M2 to alter membrane curvature at the budding neck of the virus in a cholesterol dependent manner. The residues 70–77 of cytoplasmic tail are important for binding to M1 and for the efficient production of infectious virus particles. This region also contains a caveolin binding domain (CBD). The C-terminal end of the channel extends into a loop (residues 47–50) that connects the trans membrane domain to the C-terminal amphipathic helix. (46–62). Two different high-resolution structures of truncated forms of M2 have been reported: the crystal structure of a mutated form of the M2 transmembrane region (residues 22–46), as well as a longer version of the protein (residues 18–60) containing the transmembrane region and a segment of the C-terminal domain as studied by Nuclear magnetic resonance(NMR) 
The two structures also suggest different binding sites for the adamantane class of anti-influenza drugs. According to the low pH crystal structure a single molecule of Amantadine binds in the middle of the pore, surrounded by residues Val27, Ala30, Ser31 and Gly34. In contrast, the NMR structure showed four Rimantadine molecules bind to the lipid facing outer surface of the pore, interacting with residues Asp44 and Arg45. However, a recent solid state NMR spectroscopy structure shows that the M2 channel has two binding sites for Amantadine, one high affinity site is in the N terminal lumen, and a second low affinity site on the C terminal protein surface.
M2 protein of Influenza B.
The M2 protein of influenza B is 109 residue long, homo tetramer and is a functional homolog of influenza A protein. There is almost no sequence homology between influenza AM2 and BM2 except for the HXXXW sequence motif in the TM domain that is essential for channel function.Its proton conductance pH profile is similar to that of AM2. However, the BM2 channel activity is higher than that of AM2, and the BM2 activity is completely insensitive to Amantadine and Rimantadine.
Proton Conductance.
The M2 protein is a low pH gated channel. It has a very low conductance rate of 10^4 protons per second compared to other classical proton channels. Lowering the pH from 8.2 to 4.2 increases the proton conductance by 50 folds. 
Proton selectivity.
The M2 ion channel of both influenza A and B are highly selective for protons. Histidine residues at position 37 are responsible for this proton selectivity and pH modulation. When His37 is replaced with glycine, alanine, glutamic acid, serine or threonine, the proton selective activity is lost and the mutant can transport Na+ and K+ ions also. When imidazole buffer is added to cells expressing mutant proteins,the ion selectivity can be restored partially.
Function.
The M2 protein has an important role in both the early and late replication cycle of the influenza A virus. The M2 proton channel maintains pH across the viral membrane during cell entry and across the trans-Golgi membrane of infected cells during viral maturation.As virus enters the host cell by receptor mediated endocytosis, endosomal acidification occurs. This low pH activates the M2 channel. M2 now brings protons into the virion core. Acidification of virus interior, leads to weakening of electrostatic interaction and leads to dissociation between M1 (matrix protein) and viral ribo nucleo protein (RNP) complexes. Subsequent membrane fusion releases the uncoated RNPs into the cytoplasm which is imported to the nucleus to start viral replication.
After its synthesis within the infected host cell, M2 is inserted into the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and transported to the cell surface via trans-Golgi network (TGN). Within the acidic TGN, M2 transports H+ ions out of the lumen, and maintains hemagglutinin(HA) metastable configuration.
Other important functions of M2 are its role in formation of filamentous strains of influenza, membrane scission and the release of the budding virion. M2 stabilizes the virus budding site, and mutations of M2 that prevent its binding to M1 can impair filament formation at the site of budding.
Inhibition and resistance.
The function of the M2 channel can be inhibited by antiviral drugs amantadine and rimantadine, which then blocks the virus from taking over the host cell. The molecule of the drug binds to the transmembrane region, sterically blocking the channel. This stops the protons from entering the virion, which then does not disintegrate. Two different sites for drug interaction have been proposed. One is a lipid-facing pocket between 2 adjacent transmembrane helices (around Asp-44), at which the drug binds and inhibits proton conductance allosterically. The other is inside the pore (around Ser-31), at which the drug directly blocks proton passage. 
However, the M2 gene is susceptible to mutations. When one of five amino acids in the transmembrane region gets suitably substituted, the virus becomes resistant to the existing M2 inhibitors.S31N mutation is responsible for more than 90% resistance to the drugs Amantadine and Rimantadine. As the mutations are relatively frequent, presence of the selection factors (e.g. using Amantadine for treatment of sick poultry) can lead to emergence of a resistant strain. The US CDC has released information stating that most strains are now resistant to the two drugs available, and their use should be discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="2853693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853693" title="Singles (The UA Years)">
Singles (The UA Years)

Singles (The UA Years) is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released by EMI, who had acquired the Strangler's back catalogue from United Artists and Liberty. The compilation was a collection of all the singles released by the band on those labels, between 1977 and 1982 (some of which had not originally been included on studio albums).
The collection peaked at No. 57 in the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2853714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853714" title="Augustus Charles Pugin">
Augustus Charles Pugin

Augustus Charles Pugin, born Auguste-Charles Pugin, (1762–1832) was an Anglo-French artist, architectural draughtsman, and writer on medieval architecture. He was born in Paris, then the Kingdom of France, but his father was Swiss, and Pugin himself was to spend most of his life in England.
Pugin left France during the Revolutionary period for unclear reasons about 1798 and later entered the Royal Academy Schools in London to improve his skills. Shortly afterwards he obtained a position as an architectural draughtsman with the architect John Nash. After considering and abandoning a career in architecture Pugin married and settled on a career as a commercial artist working primarily for publishers of illustrated books. He was a skilful watercolourist as well as an accomplished draftsman.
Drawings.
Pugin produced views of London, jointly creating the illustrations for the "Microcosm of London" (1808-1811) published by Rudolph Ackermann, followed by plates for Ackermann's books about Westminster Abbey, Oxford and Cambridge universities, and Winchester College. He often collaborated with other artists, notably Thomas Rowlandson. His later works included illustrations for "Specimens of Gothic Architecture" (1821–23), "The Royal Pavilion at Brighton" (1826), "Architectural Antiquities of Great Britain" (1826), "Specimens of the Architectural Antiquities of Normandy" (1827), "Illustrations of the Public Buildings of London" (1825 to 1828), and "Paris and its Environs" (1829 to 1831), and "Examples of Gothic Architecture" (1831). He also produced a book of furniture designs called "Gothic Furniture", and assisted architects with detailing for their gothic designs. He ran a drawing school at his house in Great Russell Street, Bloomsbury. His students included W. Lake Price, James Pennethorne, Talbot Bury, J. D'Egville, B. Ferrey, the architect Francis T. Dollman, and the comedian Charles James Mathews.
Pugin, along with J. Morgan, also designed the Diorama building in Regents Park in 1823, to house and display the Dioramas of Louis Jacques Mandé Daguerre (1787–1851), a year after the debut of his Paris original in 1822. These exhibitions in London displayed eight of the Daguerre Dioramas (1823-1832), which were also exhibited on tour in Liverpool, Manchester, Dublin and Edinburgh (1825-1836).
Pugin married Catherine Welby of the Lincolnshire Welby family of Denton and his developing interest in the Gothic was to be magnified in the career of their son Augustus Welby Pugin, an architect who was the leading advocate of Gothicism in 19th century England and the designer of the Palace of Westminster, home of the United Kingdom Parliament. His son also sometimes assisted him in some of his publications.

</doc>
<doc id="2853723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853723" title="Undertakers sketch">
Undertakers sketch

The Undertakers sketch (written by Graham Chapman and John Cleese) is a comedy sketch from the 26th episode of "Monty Python's Flying Circus", entitled "Royal Episode 13". It was the final sketch of the thirteenth and final episode of the second season, and was perhaps the most notorious of the Python team's television sketches.
Plot.
The sketch begins when a quietly spoken man (Cleese) takes his dead mother to an undertakers' office. The tactless undertaker (Chapman) suggests they can "burn 'er, bury 'er, or dump 'er in the Thames", but rules out the latter after Cleese confirms that he liked his mother. Of the other two, the undertaker says both are "nasty," and describes the sordid details. When the son shows the undertaker his mother's body, which is in a sack, he sees that the dead woman "looks quite young". He tells his assistant, Fred (Eric Idle) that he thinks they've "got an eater." The grieving son is shocked by the idea of eating his mother's corpse, but eventually succumbs to "feeling a bit peckish". He still feels uneasy, but when the undertaker suggests digging a grave for him to throw up into (in case he feels "a bit guilty afterwards"), he agrees.
Production.
The BBC were wary of the sketch, and reluctantly agreed to let it go ahead on the condition that the studio audience were heard to protest loudly, then invade the set at the sketch's conclusion. This was poorly executed: the audience began booing and shouting too early (those who weren't heckling were laughing), and because of studio fire regulations, only a limited section of the crowd were allowed to rush onto the studio floor; the rest simply sat there looking awkward. (As Roger Wilmut pointed out in the book "From Fringe To Flying Circus", a genuinely shocked audience would have reacted with an embarrassed silence.)
Following its initial broadcast of the sketch in 1970, the BBC wiped the sketch from the master tape and replaced it with the "Spot the Braincell" sketch from episode 7 of the second series ("The Attila the Hun Show"). However, when the second series was released on BBC Video in 1985, episode 13 was "restored", thanks to the discovery of a (low quality) copy of the sketch that appears to be sourced from an off-air recording or a foreign (probably American) duplicate of the original show. This restored episode was finally shown again on television in the late 1980s as part of a complete (if frequently interrupted) run of second and third series repeats.
Context.
The sketch was part of a longer running joke within the episode, which was that they expected Queen Elizabeth II to watch the show at some point. Having had interjections throughout the show ("She's switched to ITV!"), the final scene, after the desultory audience invasion, has the entire studio coming to a halt and standing at attention while the music to "God Save the Queen" is played, and the end credits roll.
To juxtapose the joke that the Queen would be watching, the episode also deliberately featured many of Monty Python's most tasteless sketches. This sketch, the last in both the episode and the second series, immediately followed the "Lifeboat sketch" (also about cannibalism) and some graphically cannibalistic animation from Terry Gilliam. Nevertheless, it was this sketch which was most notorious for its tastelessness, and Cleese made specific reference to it alone in his eulogy for Chapman, when recalling Chapman's talent for pushing the boundaries of bad taste.
Miscellany.
This sketch should not be confused with the "Undertakers film" from episode 11 of series 1. The Undertakers film showed, in several snippets throughout the episode, a team of increasingly fatigued undertakers struggling to carry a coffin through the streets.

</doc>
<doc id="2853727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853727" title="Cromwell in Ireland">
Cromwell in Ireland

Cromwell in Ireland is a two-part RTÉ documentary to be broadcast in September 2008. It is produced by Irish television production company Tile Films and is described as an examination of "that great nemesis of Irish history: Oliver Cromwell".
The series stars Owen Roe as Oliver Cromwell, Declan Conlon as Hugh Dubh O'Neill and Catherine Walker as Elizabeth Price. The show's airing coincided with the 350th anniversary of Cromwell's death on 3 September 1658 and will begin on Tuesday 9 September at 22:15 on RTÉ One. It will later be broadcast on the History Channel in November.
It is directed by two-time IFTA winning director Maurice Sweeney and presented by the leading historian, Dr Micheál Ó Siochrú. The series consultants included John Morrill, Professor of History at University of Cambridge, Jane Ohlmeyer, Professor of History and Vice Provost at Trinity College, Dublin, Pádraig Lenihan, Lecturer in History at University of Limerick, Nicholas Canny, Professor of History at NUI Galway and Ronald Hutton, Professor of History at University of Bristol.
"Cromwell in Ireland" was commissioned by RTÉ Television in association with The History Channel, supported by the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland. It was produced by Tile Films. The series was shot on high definition with large-scale reconstructions combined with CGI, provided by Sue Land and Warren Osbourne of the UK's Red Vision visual effects company, recreating the sieges and battles that took place in that era. Composer and Stellarsound producer, Steve Lynch teamed himself with the Bratislava Symphony Orchestra to record the soundtrack for the series.

</doc>
<doc id="2853728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853728" title="All Twelve Inches">
All Twelve Inches

All Twelve Inches is a compilation album by the British rock music group The Stranglers. Covering the band's back-catalogue with Epic Records (1983–1990), its primary purpose was to collect various mixes of songs which had previously only been available on 12" vinyl singles, and make them available on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="2853732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853732" title="Strangled from Birth and Beyond">
Strangled from Birth and Beyond

Strangled From Birth and Beyond is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853736" title="Roberto Clemente, Jr.">
Roberto Clemente, Jr.

Roberto Clemente, Jr., or in the Spanish naming system Roberto Clemente Zabala (born August 17, 1965), is a baseball broadcaster and former professional baseball player from San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was born in the Santurce barrio. His father, Roberto Clemente, was the first Latin American player to compile 3,000 hits in Major League Baseball history. His mother, Vera Clemente, is a celebrity as well, having for many years hosted a telethon in Puerto Rico in order to raise funds for the "Ciudad Roberto Clemente", a sporting complex located in Carolina, Puerto Rico.
Biography.
Despite playing for the Pittsburgh Pirates and being established for a number of years in Pittsburgh, Roberto Clemente insisted that Vera Clemente return to Puerto Rico so Roberto Jr. could be born there a day before his own birthday.
The first seven years of Roberto Jr.'s life were spent between Puerto Rico and Pittsburgh. His father died in a plane crash on December 31, 1972, while taking relief supplies to Nicaragua earthquake victims. Due to the fact that his father died at a young age, Roberto Jr. became the spokesperson for the family when his Mother Vera could not attend.
Roberto Jr. was perhaps one of the youngest speakers in the history of Congress when he spoke about his Father's dream of a Sports City, a place young and old would have to instruct them in sports but more importantly spend quality time with family and become good and involved citizens.
In 1976 Roberto became the first Latin amateur player in history of his class to win a Batting Title while hitting .636 in a World Series.
In 1978 he was chosen to carry the torch and light the Pavilion for the Pan Am Games. 
Roberto Jr. excelled in sports at the junior high and high school levels, being captain of a volleyball team and participating in track and field and basketball where he was offered a spot on the Professional team. 
Clemente Jr. moved to Bradenton, Florida after graduating high school, to attend a community college. In 1984, he was spotted by a Philadelphia Phillies scout, and signed by the organization, joining their division-A team in 1985, the same year in which he made his debut in the Puerto Rican winter baseball league, with the Arecibo Wolves.
A series of injuries prevented Clemente Jr. from making it to the major leagues. After playing two seasons with the Phillies, Clemente Jr. joined the San Diego Padres after Sandy Alomar Sr. worked it out with the organization in 1986. Clemente Jr. had a knee injury during spring training and was not able to make the team. Clemente Jr. insisted on making the major leagues and after 3 knee surgeries in three years he traveled to Venezuela, where the first pitch he saw since 1986 in professional competition Homered and from there on he became a well known player in that country. After signing a Triple A contract with Baltimore Orioles before the 1989 season, he suffered a career-ending injury to his back and was paralyzed for a week and had to retire from professional baseball.
Clemente Jr. returned to Puerto Rico and helped his mother in her quest to make his Father's dream a reality the "Roberto Clemente Sports City". In 1992, he brought the RBI Baseball program to Puerto Rico where he managed to win the first RBI World Series ever and have won 10 Championships since.
Clemente Jr. decided to move to Pittsburgh to establish the Roberto Clemente Foundation in 1993 to help bring to the children of this city the RBI program when found out they had no program. which made him president of two baseball oriented organizations at the same time. When Kevin McClatchy became the Pirates' new owner in 1995, the major league team embraced both of Clemente Jr.'s organization, promoting them in different ways.
In 1997, Roberto Clemente Jr. accepted an offer to broadcast New York Yankees games, both on television and radio, becoming a Spanish-language announcer for the Yankees on MSG Network, Telemundo and WADO. WADO inaugurated a weekly talk show with Clemente Jr. as show host in 1997. By 1998 Roberto was splitting the duties as Play by Play for the New York Yankees and earned three World Series rings with the 1998,1999 and 2000 teams. 
In 1998 Clemente added more by joining ESPN Deportes as a sideline reporter for the post season and he became part of the Family for another seven years as a color commentator.
In 2001, Clemente Jr. wasn't done yet, he still had energy enough to host the MLB's Spanish version of MLB's network television show, "Baseball Max".
By 2002, Clemente Jr. was conducting game interviews for "ESPN Deportes Radio". He gradually worked his way into becoming a game announcer on ESPN's Spanish television network. He became the voice of the NY Yankees for the great run from 98 to 2000 in the World Series.
Also in 2002, Clemente Jr. was named honorary chairman for the "baseball assistance team annual fundraising dinner". He is also known for his work with the American Diabetes Association.
In 2004 Clemente Jr. decided to finish his Fathers fatal trip with supplies as his Father did. He joined forces with Project Club Clemente's President Eliezer Rodriguez but the Tsunami in South East Asia forced them to reschedule after Clemente decided to send the aid to where it was needed. 
In 2005, Clemente Jr. hosted a Saturday afternoon show on WFAN in New York City called "The Latin Beat". This was his first English-language radio job, as he also became the first Latino host in the history of the station.
In 2013 Roberto became a member of the board for The National Hispanic Health Foundation because of his work with work in the forefront of new Brain Technology. He is currently the Ambassador for RC21X. 
Clemente was selected to serve as Commissioner of President George W. Bush south lawn Tee-Ball.
Has co-hosted the T-Ball at Gracie Mansion for the last 6 years with Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Roberto has served hundreds of charities boards, assisted in their fund raising efforts and has brought many celebrities to help.
Roberto is still inspiring kids and adults alike with his great stories and motivational speeches.

</doc>
<doc id="2853739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853739" title="Family (band)">
Family (band)

Family were an English rock band that formed in late 1966 and disbanded in October 1973. Their style has been characterised as progressive rock, as their sound often explored other genres, incorporating elements of styles such as folk, psychedelia, acid, jazz fusion and rock and roll. The band achieved recognition in the United Kingdom through their albums, club and concert tours and appearances at festivals. 
The band's rotating membership throughout its relatively short existence led to a diversity in sound throughout their different albums. Family are also often seen as an unjustly forgotten act, when compared with other bands from the same period and have been described as an "odd band loved by a small but rabid group of fans". Despite most of the recordings issued in the US, the band never achieved any appreciable success.
History.
Early years (1966–1969).
Family formed in Late 1966 in Leicester, England from the remaining members of a group that was previously known as The Farinas and later briefly The Roaring Sixties, whose sound was grounded in R&B. The Farinas originally consisted of John "Charlie" Whitney, Tim Kirchin (born Timothy Kirchin, 1944?, Leicester, Leicestershire died ?), Harry Ovenall (born Richard Harry Ovenall, 12 September 1943, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire) and Jim King, forming at Leicester Art College in 1962. Ric Grech replaced Kirchin on bass in 1965 and Roger Chapman joined the following year on vocals. The American record producer Kim Fowley suggested they call themselves "The Family" as they regularly wore double-breasted suits in performances, giving themselves a mafia appearance, a look they soon abandoned in favour a more casual dress code. They played the famous Marquee Club regularly and other London clubs including The Hundred Club and the famous Sybilla's in Swallow Street where they met Henrietta Guinness who introduced them into society. On meeting Mim Scala who they had known before, Mim asked if there was anything he could do for them. Because they were looking for material at the time, and probably a producer, Harry Ovenall asked Mim if he could arrange for Jimmy Miller to produce the first single which Mim duly did, and also introduced them to John Gilbert, who from then on took over managing the band. Thanks to Jimmy Miller, Steve Winwood and other members of Traffic participated in the recording. Shortly after the recording and before the release, Harry Ovenall voiced his concern over the movement away from their black musical roots i.e. blues, R&B, soul. In fact around 1965 The Farinas had publicity cards saying "Farinas Soul and Roll". The single seemed to be going towards psychedelia, emphasised by the use of a phono fiddle borrowed from an Oxford Street busker, and played by Ric Grech. His concerns also included the role of management in the band. A meeting of the band was called, during which it was suggested that Harry's heart was no longer in the band and as a consequence he walked away from the band. Contrary to several reports he was not asked to leave the band. Family's debut single "Scene Through The Eye of a Lens/Gypsy Woman", produced by Jimmy Miller and released by Liberty Records in October 1967, was not a success. Drummer Harry Ovenall was replaced by Rob Townsend.
The band signed with the Reprise Records label (the first UK band signed directly to UK and US Reprise) and their debut album "Music in a Doll's House", was recorded during early 1968. Jimmy Miller was originally slated to produce it but he was tied up with production of The Rolling Stones' album "Beggar's Banquet" and he is credited as co-producer on only two tracks, "The Breeze" and "Peace of Mind". The bulk of the album was produced by former Traffic member Dave Mason, and recorded at London's Olympic Studios with engineers Eddie Kramer and George Chkiantz. Mason also contributed one composition to the album, "Never Like This", the only song recorded by Family not written by a band member, and the group also backed Mason on the b-side of his February 1968 single "Just For You".
Family made their London debut at the Royal Albert Hall in July 1968, supporting Tim Hardin. Alongside Pink Floyd, Soft Machine, The Move and The Nice, Family quickly became one of the premier attractions on the burgeoning UK psychedelic/progressive "underground" scene. Their lifestyle and exploits during this period provided some of the inspiration for the 1969 novel, "Groupie", by Jenny Fabian (who lived in the group's Chelsea house for some time) and Johnny Byrne. Family featured in the book under the pseudonym, 'Relation'.
"Music in a Doll's House" was released in July 1968 and charted at No. 35 in the UK to critical acclaim, thanks to strong support from BBC Radio 1's John Peel. Now widely acknowledged as a classic of British psychedelic rock, it showcased many of the stylistic and production features that are archetypal of the genre. The album's highly original sound was characterised by Chapman's vocals, rooted in the blues and R&B, combined with several unusual instruments for a rock band, courtesy of the presence of multi-instrumentalists Grech and King, including saxophones, violin, cello and harmonica.
Family's 1969 follow-up, "Family Entertainment", toned down the psychedelic experimentation of their previous offering to some extent, reaching No. 6 in the UK Albums Chart, and featured the single "The Weaver's Answer", although the group reportedly had no control over the mixing and choice of tracks, or the running order of the songs.
With the UK success of Family's first two albums, the band undertook a tour of the United States in April 1969, but it was beset by problems. Halfway through the tour, Grech unexpectedly left the band to join the new supergroup Blind Faith; on the recommendation of tour manager Peter Grant, Grech was replaced by John Weider, previously of Eric Burdon and The Animals. A further setback occurred during their first concert at Bill Graham's Fillmore East, whilst sharing the bill with Ten Years After and The Nice – during his stage routine, Chapman lost control of his microphone stand, which flew in Graham's direction, an act Graham took to be deliberate; Chapman performed the following shows with his hands by his sides, and by the end of the tour he had lost his voice; Family's reputation in the US never recovered and they ultimately never achieved great recognition there.
Returning to the UK, the band performed at The Rolling Stones' Hyde Park gig and the Isle of Wight Festival that summer. In late 1969, Jim King was asked to leave Family due to "erratic behaviour" and was replaced by multi-instrumentalist John "Poli" Palmer.
Later years (1970–1973).
In 1970, Family played a few more gigs in the United States, appearing in San Francisco and Boston. In early 1970, Family released their third studio album, "A Song for Me"; produced by the band, it became the highest charting album the band released, reaching No. 4 on the UK Albums Chart. The album itself was a blend of hard rock and folk rock. Family's new line-up played at major rock festivals that summer, including the Kralingen Music Festival in the Netherlands and the Isle of Wight Festival for the second year in a row. The band appeared in the documentary film "Message to Love" about the latter festival.
Family's follow up album "Anyway", released in late 1970, had its first half consist of new material recorded live at Fairfield Hall in Croydon, England, with the second half a set of new songs recorded in the studio, and reached No. 7 on the UK chart. In March 1971 the compilation album, "Old Songs New Songs", (which contained remixes and rare tracks) was released, but in June Weider left Family to join Stud. He was replaced by former Mogul Thrash bassist John Wetton, who had just declined an invitation from Robert Fripp to join King Crimson.
As with Grech in Family's original line-up, Wetton also shared vocal duties with Chapman, and this line-up soon released Family's highest-charting single "In My Own Time/Seasons" which reached No. 4, and the album "Fearless" in October 1971, which charted in both the UK and the US. In 1972, another album, "Bandstand" was released, which leaned more towards hard rock than art rock, featuring the singles "Burlesque" in late 1972, and "My Friend the Sun", which was released in early 1973.
In mid-1972, John Wetton left Family to join a new line-up of King Crimson and was replaced by bassist Jim Cregan, and at the end of that year John "Poli" Palmer also left the band and was replaced by keyboardist Tony Ashton, previously of Ashton, Gardner and Dyke. After Wetton's departure (but before Palmer's exit) Family toured the United States and Canada as the support act for Elton John, but their performances were often greeted with silence and Poli Palmer later recalled that "the only clapping in this huge stadium would be the guys doing the PA".
In 1973, Family released the largely ignored "It's Only a Movie" (and on their own label, Raft, distributed by Warner/Reprise), which would be their last studio album, followed by another tour.
Family gave their final concert at Leicester Polytechnic on 13 October 1973. Many of its members went onto different musical projects; Roger Chapman and John "Charlie" Whitney formed the band Streetwalkers; John Wetton played with King Crimson and eventually became the lead singer of the band Asia. Rob Townsend was a member of Medicine Head between 1973 and 1975. He is now a member of The Blues Band since 1979 and of The Manfreds since 1991. Ric Grech died of kidney and liver failure in 1990 at the age of 43, as a result of alcoholism. Tony Ashton died in 2001 at the age of 55 of cancer. Sadly, Jim King died on 6 February 2012 in Middlewich, Cheshire.
Reunion performances (2013).
In September 2012 the band announced a one-off reunion gig on 2 February 2013 at the O2 Shepherds Bush Empire, London featuring Roger Chapman, Poli Palmer, Rob Townsend and Jim Cregan
In fact the band played two nights, Friday and Saturday, to sell out audiences. Setlist on Saturday:
Top of the Hill, Drowned in Wine, Holding the Compass, Part of the Load, Ready to Go, Crinkly Grin, Burning Bridges, No Mule's Fool, Sat'dy Barfly, Between Blue and Me, Hung Up Down, Burlesque, In My Own Time. Encore 1: Weaver's Answer; Encore 2: My Friend the Sun, Sweet Desiree.
Roger Chapman paid warm tributes to absent band members Rick Grech, Tony Ashton, Jim King, John Weider, John Wetton and Charlie Whitney whom he invited to come back (from Greece) to enjoy the English rain...a celebratory concert, rich in memories for all, and introduced by long time friend of the band and local Leicester hero, the former footballer Frank Worthington.
Family performed at the Rockin' the Park Festival at Clumber Park in Notts on 16 August 2013.
The Family box set, "Once Upon a Time", won the Storm Thorgerson Grand Design award at the 2013 Progressive Music Awards.
Music.
Family's sound was distinguished by several factors. The vocals of Roger Chapman, described as a "bleating vibrato" and an "electric goat", were considered unique, although Chapman was trying to emulate the voices of R&B and soul singers Little Richard and Ray Charles, with some reviewers noting however that Chapman's voice could be grating and irritating occasionally. John "Charlie" Whitney was an accomplished and innovative guitarist, and Family's often complex song arrangements were made possible through having multi-instrumentalists like Ric Grech and Jim King in the band and access to keyboards such as the Hammond organ and the new Mellotron. The band's sound has been variously described as progressive rock, psychedelic rock, acid rock, folk rock, jazz fusion, not to mention "British art rock," and hard rock.
Family were particularly known for their live performances; one reviewer describing the band as "as one of the wildest, most innovative groups of the underground rock scene", noting that they produced "some of the rawest, most intense performances on stage in rock history" and "that the Jimi Hendrix Experience were afraid to follow them at festivals".
Family was an influence on Jethro Tull, with Ian Anderson noting that the band were particularly under-rated. Both in his vocal sound and style and his dramatic stage presentation, Chapman was also a strong early influence on Peter Gabriel.

</doc>
<doc id="2853741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853741" title="Kikuchi Yōsai">
Kikuchi Yōsai

, also known as Kikuchi Takeyasu and Kawahara Ryōhei was a Japanese painter most famous for his monochrome portraits of historical figures.
Life.
The son of a samurai named Kawahara of Edo, he was adopted by the Kikuchi family, who were old hereditary retainers of the Tokugawa clan. When eighteen, he became a pupil of Takata Enjō; but, after studying the principles of the Kanō, Shijō, and Maruyama schools, perhaps, under Ozui, a son of Ōkyo, he developed an independent style, having some affinities with that of Tani Bunchō.
His illustrated history of Japanese heroes, the "Zenken Kojitsu", is a remarkable specimen of his power as a draughtsman in monochrome ink. In order to produce this work, and his many other portraits of historical figures, he performed extensive historical, and even archaeological, research. "Zenken Kojitsu" features over 500 major figures in Japanese history, and was originally printed as a series of ten woodblock printed books, in 1878.
Style of painting.
Nakane Kōtei (中根 香亭) pointed out that Yōsai modelled the form of "Zenken Kojitsu (前賢故実)" on "Banshōdō Chikusō Gaden (晩笑堂竹荘画伝)" which was drawn by Jō Kan Syū (上官周). Kōtei also said that Yōsai was influenced by Hokusai when young. He thought of the calligraphy as much as the picture when he guided a pupil.

</doc>
<doc id="2853743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853743" title="Diana Hayden">
Diana Hayden

Diana Hayden (born 1 May 1973) is a beauty pageant title holder from India. She won the "Femina" Miss India contest in 1997 and was crowned Miss World 1997 at the age of 24 years.
Early life and background.
Diana Hayden was born in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India, in an Anglo-Indian family. She attended St. Ann's High School, Secunderabad She studied Acting & Drama at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, London, UK. She starred in the Bollywood movie
'Ab Bass' & Indian TV show Bigg Boss 2.
Before she began modeling, she worked for an event management company called Encore. She then worked as a Public Relations Officer at BMG Crescendo, where she assisted in managing the careers of singers Anaida and Mehnaz Hoosein. On Anaida's recommendation she entered herself into the Miss India contest in 1997.
Career.
Diana Hayden won the Femina Miss India World crown in 1997, and then went on to win the Miss World crown in the same year. By doing so, she became the third Indian woman to win the Miss World pageant, after Reita Faria in 1966 and Aishwarya Rai in 1994.
Following her tenure as the global representative for the Miss World organization, Hayden moved to the UK and studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She also studied at the Drama Studio London, where she concentrated on the works of Shakespeare and earned a Best Actress nomination from the studio. In 2001, she made her screen debut in the film version of Shakespeare's "Othello" in South Africa. 
In 2002, she hosted Miss Europe 2002 in Lebanon along with Miss Lebanon 1997 and Julien Lepers.
Diana was signed by the Avalon Academy in 2006 as the face of the Academy and currently serves as a celebrity Guest Lecturer for airline personnel training programs.
In 2008, Diana Hayden became a wild card entry on the second season of the popular Indian TV show "Bigg Boss". She was voted off "Bigg Boss" during Week 13; the episode was aired on 7 November 2008.
She wrote a book called "A Beautiful Guide" which is an "encyclopedia on grooming and also deals with personality development and confidence building". She took two years for completing the book which was released on August 6, 2012.
Personal life.
Diana Hayden married Collin Dick from Las Vegas, USA on September 13, 2013. Collin has been working in Mumbai for an international NGO.

</doc>
<doc id="2853744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853744" title="The Sessions (album)">
The Sessions (album)

The Sessions is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853747" title="Tha Kham, Surat Thani">
Tha Kham, Surat Thani

Tha Kham () is a town in southern Thailand. As of 2006 it covers an area of 14.10 km² and has a population of 20,349. It covers parts of the subdistrict ("tambon") Tha Kham of Phunphin district, Surat Thani Province.
It is located at the shore of the Tapi River. The Surat Thani Railway Station is located in the center of the town.
History.
The town goes back to the sanitary district ("sukhaphiban") Tha Kham, which was created on September 17, 1955.
It was upgraded to a township ("thesaban tambon") on April 14, 1986, and further upgraded to a town ("thesaban mueang") on December 20, 2000.
Symbols.
The seal of the town shows the railway bridge of the Tapi river.

</doc>
<doc id="2853748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853748" title="Janet Clarke Hall">
Janet Clarke Hall

Janet Clarke Hall (JCH) is an Anglican residential college of the University of Melbourne. JCH is one of the smallest of the colleges of the University of Melbourne, and was the first university college in Australia to admit women. JCH has a strong academic focus, with a plurality of students in residence achieving a first class average in their university studies.
History.
Established in 1886 as a residential hostel for women students of Trinity College, JCH was named after a significant benefactor Janet Clarke. JCH became an independent college in 1961, and co-educational in 1973.
Governance.
JCH's current Principal is historian Damian X. Powell, a specialist in Australian and British legal and military history. The current Vice-Principal is Donna Davies, a scientist and consultant for the International Baccalaureate Organisation.
Scholarships.
Janet Clarke Hall offers a range of scholarships and bursaries to students upon the basis of academic merit and financial need. Academic and community service scholarships were awarded to more than a third of students this year.
The scholarships are awarded upon the recommendation to the College Council of a committee comprising the Principal, Chairman of Council, and a representative of the University of Melbourne. All details regarding requests for financial assistance are kept strictly confidential to the College.
Arts.
JCH has an Artist-in-Residence program, whereby a prominent artist is resident in the college, offering tutoring and mentoring to JCH students. The current Artist-in-Residence is Alice Pung, an acclaimed novelist. JCH's Kenneth Moore Memorial Music Scholar is Dr Anna Goldsworthy, an acclaimed classical pianist and writer. Throughout the year, Dr Goldsworthy performs recitals for the JCH community, and runs masterclasses for JCH's music students.
JCH has an annual literature dinner where an established author speaks about their writing and any topical issues. Past speakers have included Helen Garner, Peter Goldsworthy, Chloe Hooper, and Peter Singer.
The Student Club.
The Student Club of Janet Clarke Hall Inc. provides students with support and organises social, sporting and cultural activities. Particularly significant is the college's "Orientation Week," inducting new students into the unique culture of JCH. It is reported to have been "the best week of my life" for many. The Student Club is administered by an eight-member executive, comprising President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, Arts & Culture Rep, Female & Male Sports Reps, and a General Rep.
People associated with the college.
College Visitor.
The current College Visitor is Nobel Laureate Peter C. Doherty, winner of the Nobel Prize and Australian of the Year in 1997.
Alumni.
Distinguished Alumni include;
Tutors.
Distinguished former tutors include;
Rhodes Scholars.
Alumni who were awarded Rhodes Scholarships include;

</doc>
<doc id="2853752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853752" title="Conservative Friends">
Conservative Friends

Conservative Friends refers to members of a certain branch of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers). In the United States of America, Conservative Friends belong to three Yearly Meetings—Iowa Yearly Meeting (Conservative), North Carolina Yearly Meeting (Conservative), and Ohio Yearly Meeting. English Friends affiliated with the Conservative branch tend to use the term Primitive, or (less frequently) Plain. There is no single unifying association of Conservative Friends, unlike the other three main branches of Quakerism in America, represented by Friends United Meeting, Evangelical Friends International, and Friends General Conference.
Characteristics of Conservative Friends.
Conservative Friends are often seen as occupying a middle ground between the theologically liberal wing and the evangelical wing of the Society of Friends. Their origin is found in early 19th-century schisms, first with liberal, "Hicksite" Friends and then with evangelical-oriented "Gurneyite" Friends. In the latter schism, what are now called Conservative Friends were known as "Wilburite". It can be confusing to outsiders that they are called conservative, considering that they are the theological moderates among Friends, but they are called "conservative" Friends because through the schisms they have sought continuity, "conserving" traditional practices and theological emphases over new ideas based on outside influences.
One way in which the term conservative might be said to fit these Friends is in their outward practice. They have tended to follow the overt customs of plain speech and dress more than other branches of the Society of Friends. While a minority of Conservative Friends wear traditional plain dress (it is not mandated), they are most associated today with that traditional Quaker folkway. Conservative Friends also maintain the type of business meeting which was in use among all branches of Friends until the middle of the twentieth century.
Each Yearly Meeting publishes a small book called "The Discipline" which includes the polity and beliefs of the body. This book is called by the more progressive members "Faith and Practice", following the late-twentieth century example of liberal yearly meetings. "The Discipline" includes provisions for business organization; the naming of ministers, elders, and overseers; marriage procedures; and the Advices and Queries. The Queries are read on the local monthly meeting level, with the next higher levels (Quarterly and Yearly Meetings) summarizing the answers from the subordinate meetings.
The Hicksite–Orthodox schism.
Friends in the United States became divided during the early years of the nineteenth century.
In the mid-1820s, wealthy Friends in leadership positions in Quaker organizations in Philadelphia began to "express disunity" (openly disagree) with the ministry of Elias Hicks, a rural traveling minister from Long Island, NY, whose ministry emphasized direct experience of God over reliance on scripture. Hicks himself was concerned that urban, successful and wealthy Friends particularly in Philadelphia but also in the United Kingdom had strayed from the testimonies and early practices of Friends. Of particular concern to Hicksite Friends was the adoption of Protestant notions of the authority of scripture over the Light of the Inward Christ, endorsement of justification and sanctification over the more traditional Quaker sense of gradual convincement, and the use of Trinitarian language.
Also of concern for both sides was the relative authority of the Yearly Meeting (favored by the Orthodox) and the Monthly Meetings (favored by Hicksite Friends). Hicks, who like his followers was from rural farming stock, was adamant that Friends stay a "peculiar people" behind the "hedge" of Quaker plainness while the Orthodox Friends were eager to integrate with modern urban society. Both groups were active in traditional Friends social justice movements, such as the abolition of slavery and right ordered care for the mentally ill.
Two leading Orthodox Friends ministers (Joseph Hoag and Stephen Grellet) from England spoke widely about statements made by Hicks in ministry which suggested that portions of the Bible were not accurate, particularly Hicks's view that the virgin birth was historically suspect and not necessary to salvation. Hicks always maintained that he spoke the words given him by God in what Friends called immediate revelation much as did the early Friends, but this proved unacceptable to Orthodox Quakers drawn to Protestant forms. Eventually, the Orthodox leadership of Philadelphia Yearly Meeting (who represented a minority of the Yearly Meeting membership) worked overtly and behind the scenes to diminish the influence of the Hicksite Quakers, who in 1827-28 left PYM to form a new Yearly Meeting, with other yearly meetings soon to follow in division. It wasn't until the 1950s that Hicksite and Orthodox factions rejoined and the split was largely healed at the organizational level.
Many scholars have written about various aspects of these controversies. A good short summary is Larry Kuenning's "Quaker Theologies in the 19th Century Separations", but for more depth, see H. Larry Ingle, Quakers in Conflict: The Hicksite Reformation (Philadelphia: Pendle Hill, 1998).
Second (Gurneyite–Wilburite) separation.
Within a decade, a rift was beginning to divide the Orthodox coalition. Most ministers and elders were placing additional emphasis upon the writings of the earliest Friends (called at the time the "primitive" Friends), while other Friends were becoming influenced by the growing Evangelical movement, in particular a group of British Friends ministers associated to varying degrees with Isaac Crewdson and the Beacon movement which began in 1830 in England.
The ministers and elders who emphasized the "primitive" Friends testimony became increasingly uneasy with the growing Evangelically-oriented ministry. The first official action in the movement took place when Elisha Bates, a former Clerk of Ohio Yearly Meeting, travelled to England without the official credentials (an endorsed travelling minute). On this trip, Bates participated in a baptism ceremony. (Quakers had avoided external rites like baptism and eucharist/communion.) When he returned to Ohio, he was not only "read out of meeting" (stripped of his membership), he was disowned by the Friends (a public declaration of removal from membership). One of the evangelical English ministers, Joseph John Gurney, travelled to America to support Bates and to meet with Hicksite Friends.
Instead of healing the wounds, Gurney's visit exacerbated the growing rift among the Orthodox Friends. Gurney believed that the position of the scriptures had been lowered too much among Friends; although he did not totally discount the influence or necessity of the Holy Spirit, Gurney placed the two as separate influences. He encouraged Friends to participate in government, including voting in elections (at the time, most Friends did not participate in politics). Gurney had decided as a young man not to wear the traditional Quaker clothing, stating once that he only wore a broad-brimmed hat one day of his life. He was a powerful minister and a prolific writer. Travelling among Orthodox Friends at a time when ministers were considered to be examples for the youth, he provided an example which was troubling to those Friends who were dedicated to the "primitive" movement.
During Gurney's visit to North America in 1837-1838, there was opposition to his ministry throughout the Orthodox yearly meetings. A minister-schoolteacher in Rhode Island, John Wilbur, objected to Gurney's use of the early Wesleyan understanding of sanctification, which did not include the continual and daily interaction with the Holy Spirit for a growth in grace. Wilbur wrote an anonymous article that argued for the "primitive" Quaker understanding of continual interaction with the Spirit. Thomas B. Gould, another Friend from Newport, RI, also spoke with Gurney during his visit and outlined where his views departed from those of the early Friends. Other opposition to Gurney was based in the two Orthodox yearly meetings already known for their stand on the importance of an inward transformation (Ohio and Philadelphia).
The first division between the so-called Wilburite and Gurneyite Friends took place in Rhode Island in 1842. When the pro-Gurney majority of the Orthodox yearly meeting objected to Wilbur's writings about Gurney, they re-organized the structure of Friends meetings in western Rhode Island and stripped Wilbur of his membership. When Wilbur appealed his disownment, his quarterly meeting divided. New England Yearly Meeting (Orthodox) was unable to decide which quarterly meeting to recognize, which precipitated a division throughout all of New England.
The Wilbur-Gurney divisions continued for 15 years. New York Yearly Meeting (Orthodox) divided in 1847, and a Wilbur-influenced body was formed in Indiana. The major event in the divisions, however, was the division in Ohio Yearly Meeting (Orthodox) in 1854. This event led to divisions in Baltimore and Iowa later in 1854.
Conservative Friends in the twentieth century.
By 1905, there were seven Conservative Friends Yearly Meetings left in America and Canada. Of these, two have been laid down (Kansas Yearly Meeting, and Western Yearly Meeting) and two reunited with Gurneyite yearly meetings and Hicksite yearly meetings (Canada and New England). In addition, most Primitive Friends communities at the beginning of the twentieth century in New York, New England, and Pennsylvania, had merged into other Quaker bodies by 1955. Today, "Friends in Christ... a small group of Primitive Friends (Plain Quakers)" can be found " in the United Kingdom, with some adherents and sympathisers in other countries..." Ripley Quaker Meeting is a small group of conservative Friends also located in the UK, who follow Ohio Yearly Meeting's Book of Discipline.
In the USA, three Conservative Friends Yearly Meetings remain as distinct Conservative Friends bodies in Ohio, North Carolina and Iowa; with Ohio Yearly Meeting (Conservative) being the most traditional Christian in belief and practice, of the three Conservative Friends Yearly Meetings; A small Conservative Friends remnant continues in some of the united yearly meetings (Canada and New England). In Europe, there are Conservative Quaker groups in the United Kingdom and Greece, while individual members reside in other countries too. In Greece, Athens Christian Friends Meeting, was established in 2006, and is affiliated to Ohio Yearly Meeting (Conservative) in the United States of America. Friends around the World 2010 Edition, p. 107, FWCC.

</doc>
<doc id="2853753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853753" title="Digital Heaven">
Digital Heaven

Digital Heaven Ltd is a software development company based in London, United Kingdom .
Founded by Martin Baker in 1998, the company harnesses his 14 years of broadcast editing experience along with co-developer Toby Uffindell-Phillips’ software engineering talents.
In October 2005, Digital Heaven successfully launched the world-renowned VideoSpace freeware program. The latest in a growing number of practical and useful software available from the company.
In 2007, Digital Heaven launched, for Final Cut Pro, the MovieLogger range of software. Which has already started to change the way that post production is implemented though its labour saving methods of logging multi programme rushes. This software has been seen to add another string to the bow of Final Cut Pro in its competition with the Avid editing software.

</doc>
<doc id="2853754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853754" title="Vital Health Foods">
Vital Health Foods

Vital supports the Proudly South African campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="2853758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853758" title="Michael Smerick">
Michael Smerick

Michael Schermick (born 1958), known professionally as Michael Kelly Smith, is an American guitarist who formerly played for the glam metal band Cinderella. Following his departure from Cinderella, he joined up with Dean Davidson to form Britny Fox and became their lead guitarist. He played on every album released by Britny Fox.
Prior to Cinderella and Britny Fox, Michael had been a guitarist in the bands Atlantic Star, Telepath, Psychopath, Diamonds, Saints in Hell and The Priscella Harriet Band.
He also played in a band known as Razamanaz featuring Cory Massi on lead vocals and guitar, Joe Bisbing on bass, and Steve Attig on drums. 
He currently gives guitar lessons in Horsham, PA

</doc>
<doc id="2853761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853761" title="Intercept method">
Intercept method

The "Intercept Method", or "Marcq St Hilaire method", as it is also rather inaccurately known, is an astronomical navigation method of calculating an observer's position on earth. It was originally called the "azimuth intercept" method because the process involves drawing a line which intercepts the azimuth line. This name was shortened to "intercept" method and the "intercept distance" was shortened to "intercept".
The method yields a line of position (LOP) on which the observer is situated. The intersection of two or more such lines will define the observer's position, called a "fix". Sights may be taken at short intervals, usually during hours of twilight, or they may be taken at an interval of an hour or more (as in observing the Sun during the day). In either case, the lines of position, if taken at different times, must be advanced or retired to correct for the movement of the ship during the interval between observations. If observations are taken at short intervals, a few minutes at most, the corrected lines of position by convention yield a "fix". If the lines of position must be advanced or retired by an hour or more, convention dictates that the result is referred to as a "running fix".
Summary.
The intercept method is based on the following principle.
The actual distance from the observer to the geographical position (GP) of a celestial body (that is, the point where it is directly overhead) is "measured" using a sextant. The observer has already estimated his position by dead reckoning and calculated the distance from the estimated position to the body's GP; the difference between the "measured" and calculated distances is called the intercept.
The diagram on the right shows why the zenith distance of a celestial body is equal to the angular distance of its GP from the observer's position.
The rays of light from a celestial body are assumed to be parallel (unless the observer is looking at the moon, which is too close for such a simplification). The angle at the centre of the earth that the ray of light passing through the body's GP makes with the line running from the observer's zenith is the same as the zenith distance. This is because they are corresponding angles. In practice it is not necessary to use zenith distances, which are 90° minus altitude, as the calculations can be done using observed altitude and calculated altitude.
Taking a sight using the intercept method consists of the following process:
Methodology.
Suitable bodies for celestial sights are selected, often using a Rude Star Finder. Using a sextant, an altitude is obtained of the sun, the moon, a star or a planet. The name of the body and the precise time of the sight in UTC is recorded. Then the sextant is read and the altitude (Hs) of the body is recorded. Once all sights are taken and recorded, the navigator is ready to start the process of "sight reduction" and plotting.
The first step in sight reduction is to correct the sextant altitude for various errors and corrections. The instrument may have an error, IC or index correction (See article on adjusting a sextant). Refraction by the atmosphere is corrected for with the aid of a table or calculation and the observer's height of eye above sea level results in a "dip" correction, (as the observer's eye is raised the horizon dips below the horizontal). If the Sun or Moon was observed, a semidiameter correction is also applied to find the centre of the object. The resulting value is "observed altitude" (Ho).
Next, using an accurate clock, the observed celestial object's geographic position (GP) is looked up in an almanac. That's the point on the Earth's surface directly below it (where the object is in the zenith). The latitude of the geographic position is called declination, and the longitude is usually called the Hour angle.
Next, the altitude and azimuth of the celestial body are computed for a selected position (assumed position or AP). This involves resolving a spherical triangle. Given the three magnitudes: local hour angle (LHA), observed body's declination (dec.), and assumed latitude (lat), the altitude Hc and azimuth Zn must be computed. The local hour angle, LHA, is the difference between the AP longitude and the hour angle of the observed object. It is always measured in a westerly direction from the assumed position.
The relevant formulas (derived using the Spherical trigonometric identities) are:
or, alternatively,
Where
Since recently these computations can be easily done using electronic calculators or computers but traditionally there were methods which used log or haversine tables. Some of these methods were H.O. 211 (Ageton), Davies, haversine, etc. The relevant haversine formula for Hc is
Where is the zenith distance, or complement of Hc.
The relevant formula for Zn is
When using such tables or a computer or scientific calculator, the navigation triangle is solved directly, so any assumed position can be used. Often the dead reckoning DR position is used. This simplifies plotting and also reduces any slight error caused by plotting a segment of a circle as a straight line.
With the use of astro navigation for air navigation, faster methods needed to be developed and tables of precomputed triangles were developed. When using precomputed sight reduction tables, selection of the assumed position is one of the trickier steps for the fledgling navigator to master. Sight reduction tables provide solutions for navigation triangles of integral degree values. When using precomputed sight reduction tables, such as H.O. 229, the assumed position must be selected to yield integer degree values for LHA (local hour angle) and latitude. West longitudes are subtracted and east longitudes are added to GHA to derive LHA, so AP's must be selected accordingly. When using precomputed sight reduction tables each observation and each body will require a different assumed position.
Professional navigators are somewhat split in usage between sight reduction tables on the one hand, and handheld computers or scientific calculators on the other. Either method is equally accurate. It is simply a matter of personal preference which method is used. An experienced navigator can reduce a sight from start to finish in about 5 minutes using nautical tables or a scientific calculator.
The precise location of the assumed position has no great impact on the result, as long as it is reasonably close to the observer's actual position. An assumed position within 1 degree of arc of the observer's actual position is usually considered acceptable.
The calculated altitude (Hc) is compared to the observed altitude (Ho, sextant altitude corrected for various errors). The difference between Hc and Ho is called "intercept" and is the observer's distance from the assumed position. The resulting line of position (LOP) is a small segment of the circle of equal altitude, and is represented by a straight line perpendicular to the azimuth of the celestial body. When plotting the small segment of this circle on a chart it is drawn as a straight line, the resulting tiny errors are too small to be significant.
Navigators use the memory aid "computed greater away" to determine whether the observer is farther from the body's geographic position (measure intercept from Hc away from the azimuth). If the Hc is less than Ho, then the observer is closer to the body's geographic position, and intercept is measured from the AP toward the azimuth direction.
The last step in the process is to plot the lines of position LOP and determine the vessel's location. Each assumed position is plotted first. Best practise is to then advance or retire the assumed positions to correct for vessel motion during the interval between sights. Each LOP is then constructed from its associated AP by striking off the azimuth to the body, measuring intercept toward or away from the azimuth, and constructing the perpendicular line of position.
To obtain a fix (a position) this LOP must be crossed with another LOP either from another sight or from elsewhere e.g. a bearing of a point of land or crossing a depth contour such as the 200 metre depth line on a chart.
Sights.
Until the age of satellite navigation ships usually took sights at dawn, during the forenoon, at noon (meridian transit of the Sun) and dusk. The morning and evening sights were taken during twilight while the horizon was visible and the stars, planets and/or moon were visible, at least through the telescope of a sextant. Two observations are always required to give a position accurate to within a mile under favourable conditions. Three are always sufficient.
Running fix.
A fix is called a "running fix" when one or more of the LOPs used to obtain it is an LOP advanced or retrieved over time. In order to get a fix the LOP must cross at an angle, the closer to 90° the better. This means the observations must have different azimuths. During the day, if only the Sun is visible, it is possible to get an LOP from the observation but not a fix as another LOP is needed. What may be done is take a first sight which yields one LOP and, some hours later, when the Sun's azimuth has changed substantially, take a second sight which yields a second LOP. Knowing the distance and course sailed in the interval, the first LOP can be advanced to its new position and the intersection with the second LOP yields a "running fix".
Any sight can be advanced and used to obtain a "running fix". It may be that the navigator due to weather conditions could only obtain a single sight at dawn. The resulting LOP can then be advanced when, later in the morning, a Sun observation becomes possible. The precision of a running fix depends on the error in distance and course so, naturally, a running fix tends to be less precise than an unqualified fix and the navigator must take into account his confidence in the exactitude of distance and course to estimate the resulting error in the running fix.
Determining a fix by crossing LOPs and advancing LOPs to get running fixes are not specific to the intercept method and can be used with any sight reduction method or with LOPs obtained by any other method (bearings, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="2853781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853781" title="The Hit Men">
The Hit Men

The Hit Men is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853791" title="The Collection (The Stranglers album)">
The Collection (The Stranglers album)

The Collection is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It is notable in that it does not feature many hit singles. The best known song on the compilation is "Walk On By".

</doc>
<doc id="2853792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853792" title="Signal (band)">
Signal (band)

Signal () is a Bulgarian rock band, most popular in the 1980s and 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="2853796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853796" title="Barkha Dutt">
Barkha Dutt

Barkha Dutt is an Indian television journalist and columnist. She is a group editor with NDTV. Dutt gained prominence for her reportage of the Kargil War. Dutt has won many national and international awards, including the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honour. Dutt was one of the journalists taped in the Radia tapes controversy, and was described as the "face of the tapes scandal".
Life.
Barkha Dutt was born in New Delhi to S. P. Dutt, an official in Air India and Prabha Dutt who was a well-known journalist with the Hindustan Times. Barkha credits her journalism skills to her mother, Prabha, a pioneer among women journalists in India. Prabha Dutt died in 1984 due to a brain haemorrhage. Barkha's younger sister, Bahar Dutt, is also a television journalist working for CNN IBN.
Career.
Barkha graduated from St. Stephen's College, Delhi with a degree in English literature. She received a Master's in Mass Communications from Jamia Millia Islamia Mass Communication Research Center, New Delhi. She started her journalism career with NDTV and later rose to head the English news wing of the organization. She also obtained a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism, New York assisted by an Inlaks Shivdasani Foundation scholarship. Her reporting of the Kargil conflict in 1999, including an interview with Captain Vikram Batra, brought her to prominence in India. She has since covered conflicts in Kashmir, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iraq.
Awards and accolades.
Barkha Dutt's Sunday talk show has won the most awards out of any show on Indian television, winning the Indian Television Academy award for Best Talk Show five years in a row. In 2012, the Association for International Broadcasting awarded Barkha Dutt the title of "TV Personality of the year" with the following citation: "a reporter of considerable stretch and depth, still passionate and fearless in bringing the issues closer to her viewers." Dutt was the recipient of the C H Mohammed Koya National Journalism Award in 2009. In 2008, Dutt received the Indian News Broadcasting Award for the Most Intelligent News Show Host. Dutt received the Commonwealth Broadcasting Association award for Journalist of the Year, 2007. She was awarded "Best TV News Anchor (English) for her programme "We the people" at the first Indian News Television Awards in 2007.
In 2008, the Indian government awarded Barkha Dutt the Padma Shri, a civilian honor, for her coverage of the 2004 Tsunami.
She has twice been named on the list of 100 "Global Leaders of Tomorrow" compiled by the World Economic Forum (2001, 2008). In 2005, she was among 50 Indians who were 35 or younger and listed for their achievements and impact on society.
In 2010 she was appointed as a member of India's National Integration Council. She was named an Asia Society Fellow in 2006 and serves on the International Advisory Council of the Asia Society.
Controversies and criticism.
In the 2012 book "Corruption Free India: Fight to Finish", Yasir Hussain described Barkha Dutt as a "controversial" and a "pro Sonia Gandhi" journalist. Once on live television, Dutt described Gujaratis as "traditionally effete people". Britta Ohm wrote in 2011 that Dutt has attracted "substantial criticism" over the past few years for her various aspects of her reporting. Ohm wrote that Dutt is criticized for "secular shrillness", betraying the cause of Kashmiri Pandits, over-the-top nationalism in the reporting of Kargil conflict, and for soft-pedalling Hindutva. A 2012 article in Mid Day stated that Barkha Dutt is one of the anchors who do not do any homework for their shows, try to be the only speaker, do not allow show participants to speak, and try to show off their smartness at the expense of guests on their show. In April 2012, columnist and novelist Shobhaa De reproduced on her blog a funny article which ranked Barkha Dutt as the worst Indian journalist "by a whopping margin", describing her as the foremost promoter of Rahul Gandhi, and one who will have to live with the "taint of Radiagate" and other indiscretions including accusations of causing deaths in the Kargil conflict and in the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Coverage of 2002 Gujarat violence.
While covering the events of 2002 Gujarat violence, Barkha Dutt identified attackers and victims of a riot as "Hindus" and "Muslims" on television, flouting the guidelines of the Press Council of India. Varadarajan wrote that it was improper on part of Barkha Dutt to recognize a politically mobilized mob as "Hindus".
Coverage of 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Dutt was criticized for her coverage of 2008 Mumbai attacks, during which she reported from Taj Mahal Hotel and Oberoi Trident. Dutt was blamed for sensationalizing the events, putting lives at risk and causing deaths by identifying on live television where the hotel guests might be located. Writing for the New York Times, Lydia Polgreen wrote that critics viewed Dutt and some other reporters as extremely "theatrical and melodramatic" in their coverage of the 2008 attacks. Wikileaks in 2009 and Freedom House in 2011 reported that a blogger Chetan Kunte criticized Barkha Dutt in a post titled "Shoddy Journalism" for her reporting. Kunte accused Dutt of sensationalism and irresponsibly broadcasting information on movement of India's security forces on live television. In response, Dutt and NDTV threatened Kunte with punitive measures and legal action, following which Kunte removed the critical content from his blog. Wikileaks reported that Kunte was possibly "strong-armed" into doing so, and added that there was a consensus in India that "irresponsible" and "indiscreet journalism" of Dutt gave detailed information to terrorists about the ground situation, which led to loss of lives. Freedom House's report said this was one of the rare cases in India where a blogger was forced by the government or private individuals to take down their writing.
Conversations with Nira Radia.
In November 2010, the magazines OPEN and Outlook published transcripts of some telephone conversations between Nira Radia with some senior journalists, politicians, and corporates. The Central Bureau of Investigation announced that they had 5,851 recordings of phone conversations by Radia, some of which outline Radia's attempts to broker deals in relation to the 2G spectrum sale. Barkha Dutt's conversations with Radia were widely reported and Dutt became the "face of the tapes scandal". In one of the tapes Barkha Dutt assures Radia of getting Ghulam Nabi Azad, Congress general secretary, to talk to Karunanidhi to get the portfolios in the Union cabinet fixed. In another conversation, Dutt said to Radia, "What do you want me to tell them (Congress Party)? Tell me, I'll talk to them." In a subsequent tape, Nira Radia is heard saying ‘Barkha has got Congress (political party) to issue a statement’. Critics of Dutt have alleged that she knew about corruption in the government and media, supported this corruption, and suppressed reporting of news on the discovery of corruption. Dutt has also been accused of cozying up to people in power and passing messages to the ruling Congress Party. On November 30, 2010, Dutt defended herself on her own channel before a jury of her own peers in a televised program on NDTV. Polgreen wrote that Dutt parried questions and struggled to control her anger in the program. Dutt apologized over the issue saying it was "an error of judgement" on her part, but insisted that she had not indulged in any wrongdoing.
Writing about the controversy in the Hindustan Times, Rajdeep Sardesai said that "The robust Indian tradition of adversarial journalism has been mortgaged at the altar of cozy networks." Tavleen Singh said it was "very, very disappointing", and added that "corruption when it involves ethics" was worse than "taking money". Sumnima Udas of the CNN wrote that the tapes revealed that Dutt served as a power brokers for a deal considered to be one of India's biggest ever scams. Dutt was criticized for failing to recognize that a corporate lobbyist trying to get a cabinet post for a politician accused of corruption was a story to be reported. After this controversy, some critics of Dutt started a Facebook group called "BarkhaGate", later renamed to India Media Watch.
Booing at Jantar Mantar.
On April 7, 2011, Barkha Dutt went to Jantar Mantar in New Delhi for live coverage of the events of 2011 Indian anti-corruption movement. Before her live program could begin, Dutt was booed and forced to leave by the protestors, who believed Dutt's presence was "harming the integrity of their movement." The protestors shouted slogans in Hindi like "Barkha Dutt Vapas Jao" ("Go back, Barkha Dutt"), "Barkha Dutt Ko Jail Mein Dalo" ("Put Barkha Dutt in Jail"), and "Beiman Patrakar Hai Hai" ("Shame on the dishonest journalist"). In response, Barkha Dutt tweeted that this was an act of vagabonds and hooligans.
Portrayal in popular culture.
As per movie reviewers and critics, Dutt has been a model for the portrayal of female journalist characters in several Hindi movies. Some of these are –
Dutt was the model for the female protagonist in Anand Kurian's novel, The Peddler of Soaps.

</doc>
<doc id="2853806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853806" title="Rilhac-Treignac">
Rilhac-Treignac

Rilhac-Treignac is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Limousin region in central France.
The closest neighboring communes are Chamberet (8 km), Treignac (12 km), and Uzerche (18 km).

</doc>
<doc id="2853809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853809" title="1st Legions Infantry Division (Poland)">
1st Legions Infantry Division (Poland)

Polish 1st Legions Infantry Division ("1. Dywizja Piechoty Legionów") was a tactical unit of the Polish Army between the World Wars. Formed on February 20, 1919, partially of veterans of the I Brigade of the Polish Legions, the unit saw extensive action during the Polish-Bolshevik War and World War II.
As one of the most experienced and best equipped Polish divisions, it fought in many of the most notable battles of the Polish-Bolshevik War of 1919 and 1920. Among them was the operation of liberation of Wilno and Battle of Dyneburg in Daugavpils, Latvia (as part of Rydz-Śmigły's 3rd Army and under his personal command, although the actual commanding officer was Michał Karaszewicz-Tokarzewski). During the Kiev Offensive of spring of 1920, the division formed the core of "Rydz-Śmigły Operational Group" and took part in the battles of Zhytomir (April 25) and capturing the city of Kiev itself (May 7).
After the Polish withdrawal, the unit took part in heavy retreat battles and shielded the retreat of the rest of the Polish forces. After several battles against the 1st Cavalry Army, the division broke off and reached the area of the Wieprz River, from where it started the counter-offensive during the Battle of Warsaw. On the second day of the Polish offensive, on August 16, the division managed to outflank the Bolshevik Mozyr Group by a forced march of over 56 kilometres. After that the division, then commanded by Stefan Dąb-Biernacki, was attached to the 2nd Army and took part in the second biggest battle of the war, the Battle of the Niemen River. During the battle, the unit formed core of the "Wilno Group" and took part in a successful outflanking manoeuvre of the Bolshevik forces centered around the city of Grodno.
After that the division was moved to the rear and took part in shielding the border with Lithuania during Lucjan Żeligowski's forming of the Central Lithuanian Republic. After the war, the division was partially demobilized and stationed in Wilno as an en cadre divisional core.
Before the outbreak of World War II, the division was partially mobilized in March 1939. As a part of the "Wyszków Operational Group" it was to shield the northern approaches of Warsaw from the German assault from East Prussia. After the outbreak of the Polish Defensive War, the division became fully mobilized and on September 4, 1939, it made contact with enemy troops in the forests around Długosiodło. On September 7 it took part in heavy fighting near Pułtusk, but was outnumbered 3 to 1 and ordered to retreat southwards to defend the Bug River river line between Kamieńczyk and Wyszków. Reinforced by 98th Heavy Artillery Detachment and 61st Light Artillery Detachment, the division successfully repelled a German assault near Brańszczyk, after which it began delaying actions while retreating towards Kałuszyn. On September 11 that town was seized by German units and had to be retaken by force during heavy street fighting in the dark.
From there, general Wincenty Kowalski planned a counter-assault of his division. In what became known as the Battle of Kałuszyn, on September 13, the division started an all-out assault on German positions in nearby villages. After heavy fighting the division broke through the third line of German defences in the villages of Lipiny, Debowiec, Wola Wodyńska and Oleśnica. It finally broke through the German lines at Jagodno, but also suffered heavy casualties and lost most of its artillery and logistical support. Dispersed units crossed the German lines and joined several different Polish units, some of them formed ad hoc. The biggest group was rallied by the division commander, but now numbered only three infantry companies out of an original three regiments. These troops broke through the forests near Radzyń Podlaski to reach the units of Gen. Stefan Dąb-Biernacki and on September 22 took part in the successful Battle of Falków against parts of the German 8th Infantry Division. Shortly afterwards the division effectively ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="2853813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853813" title="Proudly South African">
Proudly South African

Cost of membership is normally 0,1% of sales of those products bearing the PSA logo, but is negotiable in special circumstances. Non-commercial organisations pay a nominal fee.
The group has recently come under criticism due to the fact the majority business in the brand are White owned. Leading some to say it is less Proudly South African and more Proudly South Afrikaans.
See also.
Wikiseo - Proudly South African

</doc>
<doc id="2853822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853822" title="Cēsis District">
Cēsis District

Cēsis District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Vidzeme region, in the country's north-east. It bordered the former districts of Valmiera and Valka to the north, Limbaži and Riga to the west, Gulbene to the east, Ogre and Madona to the south. It was organized into two cities, a municipality and twenty one parishes, each with a local government authority. The center of the district was the city of Cēsis.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2853825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853825" title="St Ann's, Nottingham">
St Ann's, Nottingham

St Ann's is an area of Nottingham, England, with a population of around 15,000 people (2005 figures).
History.
The area was originally common land. The Enclosure Act of 1845 allowed the city to take 1,068 acres (4.3 km²) of the Clay fields. The idea was to ease the overcrowding in the St Mary's ward, brought about by the boom in lace making. There was some industry and occupation before this time — brown earthenware such as Toby jugs, christening bowls, and punch bowls were made as early as the 1750s by Charles Morley, but it was almost another century before St. Ann's proper was created.
The area was not just given over to slums to rehouse the lower classes. Although 10,000 standard back to back terraced houses were created, these were a great improvement on dwellings common elsewhere in the city at the time. A psychiatric hospital, parks, and a water reservoir were also built, the latter affording a panoramic view of Nottingham. There were even plans for an astronomical observatory. For the well off — doctors, solicitors, and factory owners — there was a grand tree lined recreation walk lined with larger houses. Twenty-five public houses, plus the later addition of a London and North-eastern urban railway link, horse drawn and then electric trams, and three cinemas, helps complete the picture of a thriving area.
In 1969, the area was looking impoverished, with many of the shops and houses 100 years old or more. A local Housing Act raised legal standards for houses being 'fit for human habitation'. Clearance of some of the land began in December of that year, although building of new houses did not start until 1973 and continued into the 1980s. However, the open plan layout with interlocking footpaths, coupled with poor street lighting, actually brought about an increase in crime. This renovation included the relocation of many residents to The Meadows area of the city, which has contributed to some of the gang related crimes (see below) in the city.
The 1970s and 1980s layout of St Ann's was a relatively rare layout of that era, with Kates Hill some 60 miles away in Dudley being a comparable example. The preponderance of alleyways has also made it harder for police to catch criminals, particularly those on motorcycles. Nottingham film-maker Shane Meadows caught some of this in scenes from "This Is England" filmed in St Ann's. 
St Ann's today is dominated by council housing, a legacy of the slum clearance at the end of the 1960s. The damp, crumbling Victorian terraces were replaced with better quality housing but despite this the Radburn style footways have contributed to anti-social behaviour. There have been a series of measures, such as gating, to reduce problems caused by the network of footpaths as well as improving the appearance of the housing stock. There are longer term plans to introduce more significant changes. As of early 2012, the Stonebridge Park Estate is undergoing a long term transformation that is selectively removing problem pockets but refreshing most of the estate and building some modern homes.
Government.
St Ann's lies within the unitary authority of Nottingham, and so is governed by Nottingham City Council.
Geography.
St Ann's lies east of Nottingham city centre, with Thorneywood to the north east and Carlton Road forming the unofficial boundary with Sneinton to the south.
Demography.
In common with other parts of the city, the largely working class population is still affected by the collapse of manufacturing industry and much of the area scores badly on government measures of deprivation. Taking those factors into consideration there is much to commend the area: it is ethnically mixed with a strong sense of community. The population in 2005 was around 15,000.
Economy.
In the 19th century the local industries were lace and textile manufacturing, like most of Nottingham.
Culture and community.
The area takes its name from St Ann's Well, a spring once thought to have magical healing powers, at the junction of The Wells Road and Kildare Road. It was also known as The Brodewell, the Owswell, Robin Hood's Well, in records dating back to 1301. The people of Nottingham used to walk to St Ann's Well on Easter ('Black') Monday and celebrate with a party. It was covered by a spired structure from 1856 to 1887, which was demolished to make way for the railway and later built over by what became The Gardeners pub.
There is a free urban farm which is active in the community. The last pub in the area is the Sycamore Inn.
Landmarks.
The terraces north of Victoria Park have been listed as representing a style of domestic architecture that was once widespread but has been largely lost to bomb damage and slum clearance. 
The St Ann's Allotments is the oldest and largest allotment site in England, created in the 1830s and now Grade 2* listed as being of "Special Historic Interest". The allotments have received National Lottery funding for restoration, and were featured on the BBC's "The One Show" and Radio 4.
Transport.
The Nottingham Suburban Railway ran through the area, connecting Trent Lane junction in Sneinton with Daybrook, but bomb damage closed the Sneinton end in 1941 and the line ceased operations completely in 1954.
Education.
Blue Bell Hill Primary School is on Gordon Road. The Ransom Road site of Nottingham Academy provides secondary education, along with the new St Ann's Well Academy on Hungerhill Rd. There is also Sycamore Academy and Huntingdon Academy.
Religion.
The parish church is St. Ann with Emmanuel; the RCCG Covenant Restoration Assembly St Anns meet in Blue Bell Hill Community Centre.
Sport.
There are few sports facilities actually in St Ann's, but across the ring road is the National Ice Centre, an Olympic-sized ice rink that is both home to the Nottingham Panthers, and also acts a major music venue of Nottingham. Nottingham Racecourse, the local horse racing track, and the Nottingham Greyhound Stadium are also nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="2853836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853836" title="Mark 3">
Mark 3

Mark 3 is the third chapter of the Gospel of Mark in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It contains a conflict over healing on the Sabbath, Jesus' calling of the Twelve Apostles, and his conflicts with some scribes and his own family.
Healings.
Continuing the theme of the Sabbath from Mark 2, Mark 3 begins with Jesus healing a man with a shriveled hand on the Sabbath in the Synagogue. Mark uses the adverb "palin" (again), indicating this is the same Synagogue as the one in . According to Mark "some" people were there specifically waiting to see if Jesus would heal someone on the Sabbath so that they could accuse him of breaking it. Rabbis of the time would allow healing on the Sabbath only if the person was in great danger, a situation his hand would not qualify for. The Jewish Encyclopedia article on Jesus notes: "...stricter rabbis allowed only the saving of life to excuse the slightest curtailment of the Sabbath rest (Shab. xxii. 6)."
He asks the people "Which is lawful on the Sabbath: to do good or to do evil, to save life or to kill?" () They do not answer and he angrily looks around at the crowd and is "distressed at their stubborn hearts", (). He tells the man to put out his hand which he does and then, seemingly instantaneously, it is healed. Many other stories of healing at the time involved the healer doing work in some way to effect a cure as compared to this quick almost effortless action here. Mark could be highlighting how great he viewed Jesus' powers as being. Jesus also equates not doing good with doing evil and says it is more important, even or perhaps especially, to not let evil and suffering occur through inaction.
According to Mark, this miracle is what completely sets the Pharisees, as well as the Herodians, against him, having them go out after this and plot to kill him. Thus the reaction of a substantial number of Jews has gone from being amazed to one of outright opposition. Mark has already begun to foreshadow Jesus' death, with this as well as the saying about the bridegroom and fasting in . Some find it improbable these two groups worked together, as the Pharisees opposed Rome and Herod was backed by and supported Rome, see also Iudaea Province. Mark however may be highlighting the dual nature and seriousness of the opposition to Jesus.
This also occurs in Matthew 12:9-14, although Jesus asks about how one would save a sheep on the Sabbath and how helping a person is more important than helping a sheep. Luke 6:6-11 is almost the same as this section of Mark although Luke does not state that they planned to kill him, only that they were "furious" and talked about what to do about Jesus.
Jesus then "withdraws", "anechōrēsen", and goes down by a lake, presumably the Sea of Galilee, and people follow him there. Some see the word as meaning flight as it comes after Mark talks about the plot against Jesus, but it could just as easily mean leaving Capernaum to go to the sea. Mark says the people had come from "...Judea, Jerusalem, Idumea, and the regions across the Jordan and around Tyre and Sidon." () Mark thus shows that people are coming from many areas, not just Galilee. Whether these people were non-Jews is unclear as the non-Jewish areas listed also contained Jewish populations. Another group of the time to consider is the Jewish Proselytes. He has the disciples prepare a boat for him to avoid "crowding" because "... he had healed many, so that those with diseases were pushing forward to touch him." () and then he heals many of the sick. Evil (or unclean) spirits in the people brought before him fall down and call him the Son of God, but he tells them not to tell people who he is, continuing the theme of the Messianic Secret.
Choosing of the Twelve Apostles.
After highlighting the growing crowd following Jesus, Mark says Jesus went up a mountain and called twelve, whom he appointed Apostles, with the power to preach and "drive out demons." Some manuscripts of Mark do not have Jesus call them Apostles in verse . Verse may be the only time he uses the word, which is most frequently (68 out of 79) used by Luke the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus, see Strong's G652. It is perhaps symbolic that this occurs on a mountain, a height where people can be met by God in the Jewish tradition, such as Moses talking to God on Mount Sinai, see also the Sermon on the Mount. Mark pictures Jesus as drawing large multitudes to his teaching, and shifts from mountains to lakes to houses at will, creating an evocative landscape that some find lacking plausibility, although the area contains such geographic features.
He appoints Simon, called Peter, James, John, Andrew, Philip, Bartholomew, Matthew, Thomas, a second James, Thaddaeus, Simon whom Mark calls a Zealot, and lastly Judas Iscariot.
Luke's lists in Luke and Acts of the Apostles do not list a Thaddaeus but instead list "Judas, son of James" or "Judas the brother of James" in the KJV (), which some have asserted are two names for the same person, Jude Thaddaeus. Luke also has the story of the Seventy Disciples. Matthew's list is the same as Mark in , although a few western manuscripts of Matthew have a Lebbaeus. This might also indicate that by the time of the writing of the Gospels the exact recollection of the "minor" Apostles had become uncertain, and that there is no "Jude Thaddaeus", a creation of later hagiography. John lists no Bartholomew, although John's Nathanael is usually equated with him.
Mark says that the brothers James and John were given the title "Boanerges", which Mark tells us means "Sons of Thunder", although many modern scholars disagree with this translation. Many explanations have been given for this title but none commands a consensus. Why Jesus gave Simon the name Peter, meaning rock, Mark does not say. has his naming in connection with the church and has it relate to his character. It could also have an ironic meaning, as even Peter denies Jesus in the end.
Philip and Andrew are both Greek names, also Thaddaeus and Lebbaeus. Some Jews, especially from places like Galilee where there were substantial non-Jewish populations, did have a Greek name as well as a Jewish name.
The second Simon is called a "kananaios", probably derived from the Aramaic word "qan'ānā", meaning a Zealot, which might mean he belonged to a political movement in rebellion against Rome, but might also mean he was religiously zealous. Luke uses the Greek term "zēlōtēs".
Iscariot might be Judas' last name or might be a reference to where he came from, meaning "man of Kerioth" It may also be derived from sicarii. The fact that there are twelve Apostles is seen as being related to the Twelve tribes of Israel.
Jesus will "send them out", the Greek verb "apostolien" (Strong's G649) meaning to send out, to do the work he has been doing but without him being present. Many churches interpret this as his founding of the church, as he creates a special group to work in his name without him. See also the Great Commission.
A house divided.
Jesus goes to someone's house and a large crowd follows him there. According to Mark this prevented Jesus and his disciples from being able to eat. "When his family ("hoi par' autou") heard about this, they went to take charge of him, for they said, 'He is out of his mind.'" (), or "beside himself", "exestē" (Strong's G1839), which could be read as Jesus' family accusing him of being crazy or describing what others had said about Jesus. Either way they go to assert their control over him, perhaps to stop him from embarrassing the family. Hearing Jesus is being followed by so many people does not seem to accord with their view of him. Whether it was Jesus teaching and attracting large crowds or not eating that disturbs them so much is not clear. A few early manuscripts have "the scribes and the others" instead of his family, but these are usually seen as alterations perhaps designed to tone down the impression of Jesus' own family toward him.
Scribes from Jerusalem, who Matthew says were Pharisees, come and accuse him of something worse than being crazy, using Beelzebub, and/or the "prince of demons" to drive out demons. His power over the demons, they assert, comes from evil powers itself. Beelzebub is thought to mean perhaps "lord of the flies" or "lord of dung" or "lord of the height or dwelling", but no certainty exists as to its exact meaning. They do not dispute that he did in fact drive out the demons. They seem to believe Jesus' power is beyond human capabilities and must be supernatural in origin. The charge of Jesus using evil powers was probably made against him to his followers for quite some time after his death. The Jesus Seminar feels the version in is "red" ("authentic") and calls it "The Beelzebul controversy." is determined to be "pink" ("a close approximation of what Jesus did") and is called "Jesus' relatives come to get him" as are , , and Thomas 99:1-3 which are called "True relatives".
Mark often has Jesus using analogies, metaphors or riddles, called parables by Mark. Jesus replies:
If Jesus is working against what is evil, such as the demons, then this cannot be the work of Satan, as Satan would be working against himself. Jesus then compares himself to a thief going into a "strong man's house", Satan's house, and binding him to "spoil his house", rob him. Satan, says Jesus, is strong and must be constrained in order to be robbed. He is robbing Satan of the possession of the people, or the house could be seen as the world itself. Jesus thus implies what he has been doing is directly against Satan and that his motives are Satan's utmost ruin. His power, he asserts, is good and so must also come from a good source, God.
Jesus also makes the claim that "all sins" can be forgiven, except for an eternal sin, such as blasphemy against the Holy Spirit (). Mark inserts his own explanation as to why Jesus said this, stating "He said this because they were saying, "He has an evil spirit." (), thus Jesus according to Mark is saying that accusing him of using Satan for his power is in effect calling the work of God evil and failing to see the work of God in Jesus' actions. The parallels in and and the Gospel of Thomas 44 call this the unforgivable sin. Unforgivable sins are also listed in Hebrews and as well as 1 John . There is also a possible link with 1 Corinthians . Come to conclusions the Pharisees had hardened their hearts to the point repentance became impossible.A believer is not qualified for this sin.
His first answer to the charge, that a "house divided" cannot stand, has become a common piece of wisdom, the most famous modern example is Lincoln's use of this phrase during the 1858 senatorial election campaign against Stephen Douglas. Lincoln used the metaphor of a "house divided" to describe the situation of the United States on the eve of the Civil War.
His Mother and brothers arrive and send someone in to get him. He replies, speaking to the crowd around him, "Here are my mother and my brothers! Whoever does God's will is my brother and sister and mother." ()
Jesus' answer to his family, that those who follow him are his family is, according to Kilgallen, Jesus' way of underlying "...the fact that his life has been changed to such a degree that family ties no longer come before those whom he teaches about the kingdom of God." Jesus puts loyalty to God above loyalty to family. Family ties were considered very important in the society of the time, and some people even today are troubled by this seeming conflict between Jesus and his family. Jesus however states that his ties, and his respect and love due to his family, will go to those who obey God. Jesus' family is mentioned again in Mark . The story of Jesus and his family is also found in the Gospel of Thomas as saying 99. In Mark Peter says they have left everything to follow Jesus and he lists the great rewards as well as persecutions they will get for following him.
These incidents occur in all the Synoptic Gospels. In Matthew they occur in 12:22-50, and in Luke they are split up between 8:19-21 and 11:14-28. Neither Matthew nor Luke though state that Jesus's family thought he was "... out of his mind." John, while mentioning none of these incidents, relates in chapter 7 how "...even his own brothers did not believe in him." because he would not go to the Feast of Tabernacles with them and perform miracles, although he later goes there in secret. says "many of his disciples turned back and no longer followed him." The negative view of Jesus' family may be related to the conflict between Paul and Jewish Christians.
There is much disagreement over whether these "brothers" referred to here are Jesus' actual brothers or merely stepbrothers or cousins. The official Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox doctrine is that Mary was a perpetual virgin, and so could not have had any other children besides Jesus, thus making these Jesus's half brothers, sons of Joseph by another, unrecorded marriage, or cousins. Only Tertullian seems to have questioned this in the early Church. Islam also holds that Mary was a perpetual virgin as did many of the early Protestants, although many Protestants today do not hold to the doctrine of perpetual virginity, and would thus believe that these are Jesus' full brothers. A few early manuscripts also have "and your sisters" in verse .
This section gives a clear example of Mark's sandwich technique, where one story is interspersed into the center of another. Mark has highlighted two reactions to Jesus and his teaching and acts: One of faith, such as that of his followers, compared to disbelief and hostility. Jesus explains the nature of the effect of his teachings on others in the Parable of the Sower in .

</doc>
<doc id="2853839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853839" title="The Best of the Epic Years">
The Best of the Epic Years

The Best of the Epic Years is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
Track listing.
This release contains many discrepancies between its stated tracklisting and what the CD actually contains. Tracks 4,5,7,8,10,11 and 14 are listed as 7" edits but the CD plays the album versions. Track 12 is listed as the album version but is in fact the single version. Track 18 is listed as the "Sweet Smell Of Success (Strangled House Mix)" but is the "Indie-pendence Mix". The versions that the CD actually contains are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="2853846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853846" title="Umlalazi Nature Reserve">
Umlalazi Nature Reserve

The Umlalazi Nature Reserve is a coastal reserve situated 1 km from Mtunzini on the KwaZulu-Natal North Coast. Umlalazi was established as a protected area in 1948 and is in extent. Home of the Palm-nut Vulture, which is one of the rarest birds of prey in South Africa.
Lagoons can have crocodiles. There are three trails in the reserve. One of which passes examples of mangrove swamps in South Africa, where several species of mangrove can be found. Another walk leads through the dune forest where bushpig, bushbuck and red, grey and blue duiker may occasionally be seen.
The third trail leads through dune forest and mangrove swamp along the edge of the river. Wildflowers and a variety of bird life can be seen. There are also colonies of fiddler crabs and mud-skippers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853849" title="Tan Howe Liang">
Tan Howe Liang

Tan Howe Liang (; born 5 May 1933 in Shantou, Guangdong, China) is a weightlifter from Singapore who was the first Singaporean to win an Olympic Games medal. He did this in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome where he won the silver medal in the lightweight category. Tan also broke the oldest-standing world record in the lightweight category in the clean and jerk in 1958.
Early life.
Born in Shantou, China, Tan was the third of seven siblings. In 1937, he emigrated with his family from China to settle in Chinatown of Singapore. Tan's Teochew father died in a death-house at Sago Lane in Chinatown when he was 14. Tan left school after his first year at a secondary school.
Weightlifting career.
Tan's weightlifting career started when he walked past the former World Amusement Park with his friends one day. There, Tan witnessed his first weightlifting competition and became intrigued with the sport.
Tan showed potential for weightlifting. After one year of training, Tan, then 20, became the national junior and senior champion in the lightweight division in 1953.
The lack of financial support meant that Tan had to pay out of his own pocket to finance his training and expenses. At that time, Tan was working as a clerk at Cathay Organisation. He also worked as a mechanic. However, he plodded on, after promising his late father that "One day, I will be the strongest man in the world".
In 1956, Tan failed at his first attempt in the Olympics at Melbourne where he blacked out. However, in 1958, Tan established a world record with a lift of 347 pounds in the jerk for the lightweight division at the 6th British Empire and Commonwealth Games, now known as the Commonwealth Games, in Cardiff. He also won a gold at the 3rd Asian Games in Tokyo that year. In 1959, Tan won a gold medal at the inaugural Southeast Asian Peninsular Games (Seap Games, now known as the Southeast Asian Games) in Bangkok.
On 8 September 1960, Tan made another attempt at the Olympics in Rome. In the lightweight category (60–67.5 kg) competition held at the Palazetto Dello Sports Hall, Russia's Viktor Bushuev had already won the gold by breaking the world record. It was down to Tan and Iraq's Abdul Wahid Aziz for the silver medal. Tan had one clean and jerk lift left when he felt some pain in his legs. The doctors advised that he return to the Athlete's Village for treatment, which would have meant a withdrawal from the competition. However, Tan did not give up and competed to claim the silver medal. He lifted a total of 380 kg to beat 33 rivals for second place.
Life after the Olympics.
Tan tried to run a restaurant business but was unsuccessful. He worked as a taxicab driver for a short stint, before becoming a weight-lifting coach in 1974. After his retirement from competition, Tan was hired as a gym supervisor by the Singapore Sports Council at the Kallang Family ClubFitt in November 1982.
Honours.
Tan's Olympic medal made him the only Singaporean to have won a medal at all the major international games — the SEAP Games (predecessor of the SEA Games), the Asian Games, the Commonwealth Games and the Olympic Games for 48 years. He also became the first weightlifter in the world to be awarded the International Weightlifting Federation (national honour) Gold Award in 1984. In Singapore, Tan was the only athlete to be bestowed the "Pingat Jasa Gemilang" (Meritorious Service Medal) at the National Day awards.
On 26 June 1996, a commemorative medallion set by the Singapore Mint was launched to celebrate the 1996 Olympic Games at Atlanta. It features Tan on one side of the medallion, showing him getting ready to lift weights. When the image is tilted to a certain angle, the picture would show him having lifted the weights. Izzy, the official mascot of the Atlanta Olympics, is featured as a three-dimensional image on the other side of the medallion.
In 1999, Tan was nominated for the "Spirit of the Century" award. In the same year, he was also nominated for "Singapore's Greatest Athlete" award, but conceded the award to former badminton champion, Wong Peng Soon, who was a four-time winner in the All England Open Badminton Championships in the 1950s. Tan was featured in Time's "Millennium" series on Singapore sporting greats in 1999.
In 2000, McDonald's sponsored Tan's trip to the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, where he joined the Singapore contingent and attended the weightlifting competition. McDonald's also donated S$10,000 with the aim to help revive the sport of weightlifting in Singapore. McDonald's also featured a two-minute special television commercial, titled "We Can Do It", featuring Tan's silver medal-winning feat at the 1960 Rome Olympics. The commercial re-enacts the different stages of Tan's life, from childhood to his triumph at the Olympics.
Tan is a humble man who never complained. Compared to the present day where Singapore athletes are promised a reward of S$1 million for winning a gold medal at the Olympics, Tan did not receive any monetary rewards for his effort in 1960.
Tan was given the honour of being the flagbearer at the closing ceremony of the National Stadium on 30 June 2007. The leotard and belt which Tan wore during his 10½-hour competition in Rome were put on display in a glass case in the Singapore Sports Council's Sports Museum at the National Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="2853851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853851" title="The Masters (album)">
The Masters (album)

The Masters is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853861" title="Anomalocaris">
Anomalocaris

Anomalocaris ("abnormal shrimp") is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid, a family of animals thought to be closely related to ancestral arthropods. The first fossils of "Anomalocaris" were discovered in the "Ogygopsis" Shale by Joseph Frederick Whiteaves, with more examples found by Charles Doolittle Walcott in the famed Burgess Shale. Originally several fossilized parts discovered separately (the mouth, feeding appendages and tail) were thought to be three separate creatures, a misapprehension corrected by Harry B. Whittington and Derek Briggs in a 1985 journal article.
Anatomy.
"Anomalocaris" is thought to have been a predator. It propelled itself through the water by undulating the flexible lobes on the sides of its body. Each lobe sloped below the one more posterior to it, and this overlapping allowed the lobes on each side of the body to act as a single "fin", maximizing the swimming efficiency. The construction of a remote-controlled model showed this mode of swimming to be intrinsically stable, meaning that "Anomalocaris" did not need a complex brain to manage balance while swimming. The body was widest between the third and fifth lobe and narrowed towards the tail; it had at least 11 lobes in total. It is difficult to distinguish lobes near the tail, making an accurate count difficult. "Anomalocaris" had a large head, a single pair of large, compound eyes on stalks comprising approximately 16,000 individual lenses, and an unusual, disk-like mouth. The mouth was composed of 32 overlapping plates, four large and 28 small, resembling a pineapple ring with the center replaced by a series of serrated prongs. The mouth could constrict to crush prey, but never completely close, and the tooth-like prongs continued down the walls of the gullet. Two large 'arms' (up to seven inches in length when extended) with barb-like spikes were positioned in front of the mouth. The tail was large and fan-shaped, and along with undulations of the lobes, was probably used to propel the creature through Cambrian waters. Stacked lamella of what were probably gills attached to the top of each lobe.
For the time in which it lived, "Anomalocaris" was a truly gigantic creature, reaching lengths of up to two meters.
Discovery.
"Anomalocaris" has been misidentified several times, in part due to its makeup of a mixture of mineralized and unmineralized body parts; the mouth and feeding appendage was considerably harder and more easily fossilized than the delicate body. Its name originates from a description of a detached 'arm', described by Joseph Frederick Whiteaves in 1892 as a separate crustacean-like creature due to its resemblance to the tail of a lobster or shrimp. The first fossilized anomalocarid mouth was discovered by Charles Doolittle Walcott, who mistook it for a jellyfish and placed it in the genus "Peytoia". Walcott also discovered a second feeding appendage but failed to realize the similarities to Whiteaves' discovery and instead identified it as feeding appendage or tail of the extinct "Sidneyia". The body was discovered separately and classified as a sponge in the genus "Laggania"; a mouth was found with the body, but was interpreted by its discoverer Simon Conway Morris as an unrelated "Peytoia" that had through happenstance settled and been preserved with "Laggania". Later, while clearing what he thought was an unrelated specimen, Harry B. Whittington removed a layer of covering stone to discover the unequivocally connected arm thought to be a shrimp tail and mouth thought to be a jellyfish. Whittington linked the two species, but it took several more years for researchers to realize that the continuously juxtaposed "Peytoia", "Laggania" and feeding appendage actually represented a single, enormous creature. Because "Peytoia" was named first, it became the correct name for the entire animal. The original feeding arm, however, came from a larger species distinct from "Peytoia" and ""Laggania"", which retains the name "Anomalocaris".
Stephen Jay Gould cites "Anomalocaris" as one of the fossilized extinct species he believed to be evidence of a much more diverse set of phyla that existed in the Cambrian Period (discussed in his book "Wonderful Life"), a conclusion disputed by other paleontologists.
In 2011, six fossils of compound eyes dated to the Cambrian period (515 million years ago) were recovered from an archaeological dig at Emu Bay on Kangaroo Island, Australia. The eyes were the first found that belonged to "Anomalocaris," proving that "Anomalocaris" was indeed an arthropod as had been suspected. The find also indicated that advanced arthropod eyes able to "tell friend or foe and detect features of the environment" had evolved very early, before the evolution of jointed legs or hardened exoskeletons. The eyes were 30 times more powerful than those of trilobites, long thought to have had the most advanced eyes of any contemporary species. With 30,000 lenses, the resolution of the wide eyes would have been rivalled only by that of the modern dragonfly, which has 28,000 lenses in each eye.
Ecology.
"Anomalocaris" had a cosmopolitan distribution in Cambrian seas, and has been found from early to mid Cambrian deposits from Canada, China, Utah and Australia, to name but a few.
A long-standing view holds that "Anomalocaris" fed on hard-bodied animals, including trilobites. While its mid-gut glands strongly suggest a predatory lifestyle, its ability to penetrate mineralised shells has come under fire in recent years. Some Cambrian trilobites have been found with round or W-shaped "bite" marks, which were identified in shape with the mouthparts of "Anomalocaris". At most one species, "A. canadensis", is likely to have been capable of eating hard-skeletonized organisms; other species likely preyed on soft-bodied animals.
Stronger evidence that "Anomalocaris" ate trilobites comes from fossilised faecal pellets, which contain trilobite parts and are so large that the anomalocarids are the only known organism from that period large enough to have produced them. However, since "Anomalocaris" lacks any mineralised tissue, it seemed unlikely that it would be able to penetrate the hard, calcified shell of trilobites. Rather, the coprolites may have been produced by a different organism, such as a trilobite.
One possibility is that anomalocaridids fed by grabbing one end of their prey in their jaws while using their appendages to quickly rock the other end of the animal back and forth. This produced stresses that exploited the weaknesses of arthropod cuticle, causing the prey's exoskeleton to rupture and allowing the predator to access its innards. This behaviour is thought to have provided an evolutionary pressure for trilobites to roll up, to avoid being flexed until they snapped. However, the lack of wear on anomalocarid mouthparts suggests they did not come into regular contact with mineralised trilobite shells. Computer modeling of the "Anomalocaris" mouthparts suggests they were, in fact, better suited to sucking on smaller, soft-bodied organisms (and could not have been responsible for many trilobite deformations).
The mouthparts of "Anomalocaris" are in fact not tetraradial like those of "Peytoia", but have three major axes and a small central opening; thus this species probably fed by sucking up small items rather than biting hard-bodied organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="2853868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853868" title="Road Crew">
Road Crew

Road Crew were an American garage band from Los Angeles, California, formed in late 1983. The band consisted of future Guns N' Roses members Slash, Steven Adler and Duff McKagan. They auditioned a number of singers while writing material. However they disbanded the same year with no releases. 
Following his firing from Guns N' Roses in 1990, Adler joined Vain in 1991, with the band renaming themselves Road Crew the same year. The new lineup consisted of former members of California glam rockers Vain: Davy Vain, Ashley Mitchell, Jamie Scott, and Shawn Rorie. They recorded an album and gained some label attention. However, due to Adler's drug abuse, Road Crew disbanded once more without releasing the album.
History.
Early years, formation and disbanding (1984).
Following the breakup of his previous group Tidus Sloan, Slash found himself without a band. His childhood friend Steven Adler, who had learned to play drums and had an uncle who owned the Roxy Theatre (West Hollywood), suggested that they form a band together. Slash eventually agreed to check out Adler while he practiced at a public park. Slash stated that he "wasn't convinced of his abilities, but was satisfied" and decided to work with Adler. After trying out for London they decided to form their own band, taking out an ad in "The Recycler" for a bass player before auditioning for singers. Though they received a few calls, only Duff McKagan wanted to meet with them.
McKagan had moved from Seattle to Los Angeles at this point having already been a member of the bands The Fartz, Fastbacks and 10 Minute Warning while he also played one show drumming for Johnny Thunders. Shortly after his move, he answered the ad and met with Slash and Adler at Canter's Deli. Describing McKagan's appearance upon meeting him at Canter's, Slash said that he was "this bone-skinny six-foot-plus guy, with short spiked blonde hair rolled in wearing a Sid Vicious-style chain and padlock around his neck, combat boots, and a red-and-black leather trench coat in spite of the seventy-five-degree weather. No one had predicted that." Soon after meeting, the trio formed a group together, named Road Crew (after the Motörhead song "(We Are) The Road Crew") and began auditioning singers.
They auditioned a number of singers, including Ron Reyes who was briefly the singer for Black Flag, while working on material which included the main riff to what would become "Rocket Queen" (though Adler stated in a later interview stated that no Road Crew material was used until the recording of the "Use Your Illusion" albums). Despite there being a good chemistry between the trio, Slash disbanded the group citing not being able to find a singer as well as Adler's constant partying and lack of work ethic compared to himself and McKagan.
Slash would go on to play with Black Sheep and audition for Poison, while both Slash and Adler became members of Hollywood Rose. Hollywood Rose would break-up and reform (without Slash and Adler) eventually becoming Guns N' Roses. Slash, McKagan and Adler would replace Guns N' Roses members Tracii Guns, Ole Beich and Rob Gardner respectively. Along with Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin, the lineup would be known as the "classic lineup" of Guns N' Roses.
Second incarnation (1991).
After being fired from Guns N' Roses in 1990, Adler would join the heavy metal group Vain. The band, whose lineup consisted of singer Davy Vain, guitarists Jamie Scott and Shawn Rorie, as well as bassist Ashley Mitchell, renamed themselves Road Crew and proceeded to record an album. However, despite gaining attention from a record label, the group disbanded due to Adler's drug problems at the time. 
Following the breakup, Adler briefly joined BulletBoys, before forming the group Suki Jones, which eventually became Adler's Appetite, performing on and off with the band between 2003 and 2011. Following the breakup of Adler's Appetite, he formed the eponymous group Adler in 2011. On April 14, 2012, Slash, McKagan and Adler were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as members of the classic lineup of Guns N' Roses. They headlined the induction ceremony with fellow inductee Matt Sorum, as well as former member Gilby Clarke and Alter Bridge singer Myles Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="2853870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853870" title="Collection (The Stranglers album)">
Collection (The Stranglers album)

Collection is a compilation album by The Stranglers.

</doc>
<doc id="2853880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853880" title="John C. Morgan">
John C. Morgan

John Cary "Red" Morgan (August 24, 1914–January 17, 1991) was a United States Army Air Forces pilot in World War II who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during a 1943 bombing run over Germany, which also inspired the character of 2nd Lieutenant Jesse Bishop in the novel and film "Twelve O'Clock High".
Background.
Born August 24, 1914, at Vernon, Texas, and the son of an attorney, Morgan graduated from a military school in 1931 and then attended several colleges, including Amarillo College, New Mexico Military Institute, NMMI, West Texas State Teachers College, and the University of Texas at Austin. While at Texas he learned to fly aircraft, and in 1934 dropped out of college. He worked in the Fiji Islands as a foreman on a pineapple plantation until 1938, when he returned to enlist as an aviation cadet in the U.S. Army Air Corps. However because of his poor education record, he was refused enlistment. Working at an oil-drilling site for Texaco, Morgan suffered a broken neck in an industrial accident, and as a result was later classified 4-F by the Selective Service System.
Military service.
In August, 1941, Morgan joined the Royal Canadian Air Force, and after completion of flight training in Saskatchewan, Ontario, and RAF Church Lawford, England, was posted as a Sergeant Pilot with RAF Bomber Command. On March 23, 1943 he was transferred to the U.S.Army Air Force as a Flight Officer and assigned to the 92nd Bomb Group's 326th Bomb Squadron, RAF Alconbury, England. 
Morgan, on his fifth mission, co-pilot of a crew flying the B-17F 42-29802 to a target in Hanover, Germany, on July 28, 1943, when he participated in the mission for which he was awarded the Medal of Honor (citation shown below in full), awarded December 18, 1943.
Medal of Honor action.
Morgan's experience began as his group formation neared the German coast. The B-17, nicknamed "Ruthie II", was attacked by a large number of FW 190 fighters and had part of its oxygen system to the gunners' positions in the rear of the aircraft knocked out. The first burst of fire also smashed the cockpit's windshield, damaged the interphone, and split open the skull of pilot Lt. Robert Campbell. The pilot's upper body slumped over his control wheel, causing it to start out of control. F/O Morgan seized the controls on his side and by sheer strength pulled the plane back into formation. 
The disabled pilot continued to try to wrest the controls away from Morgan and smashed at the co-pilot with his fists, knocking some teeth loose and blackening both his eyes. Meanwhile, the top turret gunner was also seriously injured when a 20 mm shell tore off his left arm at the shoulder. He fell out of the turret position, and was found by the navigator bleeding to death. The navigator bailed the gunner out of the aircraft in a successful effort to save his life.
Unknown to Morgan, the waist, tail and radio gunners became unconscious from lack of oxygen and were threatened with death by anoxia. Morgan, unable to call for assistance because of the damaged interphone, had to decide whether to turn back immediately or try to fly all the way to the target and back within the protection of the formation. He also had to decide whether or not to subject Campbell to anoxia by cutting off his oxygen to disable him. In spite of wild efforts by the fatally wounded pilot to seize the controls, Morgan chose to complete the mission and not cut off his pilot's oxygen supply.
For two hours he held position in the formation - flying with one hand, fighting off the pilot with the other. At length the navigator entered the flight deck and relieved the situation. The navigator and bombardier secured the dying pilot in the nose compartment of the airplane. F/O Morgan's B-17 reached the target at Hanover and successfully dropped its bombs. 
With all his fuel gauges reading empty, Morgan landed the bomber at RAF Foulsham. Lt. Campbell died an hour and half later, and the five surviving gunners recovered from various degrees of frostbite. The B-17 was declared damaged beyond economical repair and never flew again.
Subsequent career.
F/O Morgan transferred to the 482nd Bomb Group in October 1943 to fly B-17 H2X radar aircraft and was promoted to second lieutenant in November. He remained on combat duty, flying in all 25½ missions. On March 6, 1944, Morgan was the pilot of a B-17 leading the first major USAAF attack against Berlin when he was shot down and captured, held in Stalag Luft I, Barth, Germany, for the remainder of the war, the only person to become a POW after being awarded the Medal of Honor. 
In 1948 Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay, Jr. published their novel "Twelve O'Clock High" and used Morgan as a model for a primary character, Lt. Jesse Bishop. The wording of his actions appearing in his citation was used as dialogue in the script to describe the actions of Bishop under similar circumstances, and like Morgan, Bishop's character was awarded the Medal of Honor and later became a POW. The circumstances also became a featured part of the 1949 film adaptation.
After the war, Morgan returned to work for Texaco in California selling aviation fuel, and during the Korean War, took a leave of absence. Called back to active duty from 1950–1953, he applied for combat duty but the Air Force refused his request. He instead flew cargo planes in the United States for two years, spent his final active duty service in the office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Air Force. He retired from the Air Force, a lieutenant colonel. Morgan is survived by his only child Sam Morgan, who himself was a military man all his life, 
Morgan also has 4 grandchildren which 3 are serving in the military and have all spent time in the gulf wars.
Morgan died on January 17, 1991, of a heart attack and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
When questioned of his valor and heroism, Morgan replied,"" There's no such thing as a hero... I was pushed into circumstances where I was forced to act. You can never say how you're going to react to something until it happens, but I think most people would have done the same.""
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation: 
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty, while participating on a bombing mission over enemy-occupied continental Europe, 28 ("sic") July 1943. Prior to reaching the German coast on the way to the target, the B17 aircraft in which 2d Lt. ("sic") Morgan was serving as co-pilot was attacked by a large force of enemy fighters, during which the oxygen system to the tail, waist, and radio gun positions was knocked out. A frontal attack placed a cannon shell through the windshield, totally shattering it, and the pilot's skull was split open by a .303 caliber shell, leaving him in a crazed condition. The pilot fell over the steering wheel, tightly clamping his arms around it. 2d Lt. Morgan at once grasped the controls from his side and, by sheer strength, pulled the aircraft back into formation despite the frantic struggles of the semiconscious pilot. The interphone had been destroyed, rendering it impossible to call for help. At this time the top turret gunner fell to the floor and down through the hatch with his arm shot off at the shoulder and a gaping wound in his side. The waist, tail, and radio gunners had lost consciousness from lack of oxygen and, hearing no fire from their guns, the copilot believed they had bailed out. The wounded pilot still offered desperate resistance in his crazed attempts to fly the aircraft. There remained the prospect of flying to and over the target and back to a friendly base wholly unassisted. In the face of this desperate situation, 2d Lt. Officer Morgan made his decision to continue the flight and protect any members of the crew who might still be in the ship and for 2 hours he flew in formation with one hand at the controls and the other holding off the struggling pilot before the navigator entered the steering compartment and relieved the situation. The miraculous and heroic performance of 2d Lt. Morgan on this occasion resulted in the successful completion of a vital bombing mission and the safe return of his aircraft and crew.
References.
http://www.airforce-magazine.com/MagazineArchive/Documents/1984/0184valor.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="2853883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853883" title="Gustavia">
Gustavia

Gustavia may refer to
Gustavia is the capital of st barthelemy

</doc>
<doc id="2853884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853884" title="The Ego Has Landed">
The Ego Has Landed

The Ego Has Landed is a compilation album by English pop singer Robbie Williams. After the success of Williams around the world (especially in Europe), Williams was signed to Capitol Records in the United States, which is a part of EMI, the album was released in May 1999 in the United States and Canada, and later issued worldwide. It is not classed as one of his own solo albums as it was a compilation of his first two albums. It was his American debut album, combining tracks from his two official UK studio albums at the time, "Life thru a Lens" and "I've Been Expecting You". The title is a parody of the famous transmission, "The Eagle Has Landed", from the first manned spacecraft to land on the moon.
Success.
Williams embarked on a US Promotional Tour and when his first American single, "Millennium" was released, it peaked at No. 72 in the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album "The Ego Has Landed" was released in May 1999 in the United States and peaked at No. 63 in the "Billboard" albums chart, not having the success that he enjoyed in Europe. Despite this, Williams enjoyed good video airplay and received a nomination for the MTV Video Music Awards for "Best Male Video"; he did not win, but the exposure helped the sales of the album. 
Capitol Records, trying to make Williams a bigger star, released a second single from the album, the ballad "Angels", for which Williams shot a new video. When it was released in the autumn of that year, the song became a somewhat bigger hit than "Millennium", charting at No. 41. However, this was not enough for Williams, so he concentrated on the rest of the world where he was already an established act. The album went on to sell 596,000 copies in the United States being certified Gold by the RIAA in November of that year.
The compilation was released worldwide (as a limited edition in Europe, pressings for the album are still going strong in Latin America, Asia and New Zealand to this day) and the album was a success in New Zealand, reaching No. 1 on the Official Albums Chart. It went on to sell 140,000 copies being certified 9× Platinum. In Australia, the album ensured platinum sales over 70,000 copies. The album was promoted in Latin America as well. Williams recorded a Spanish version of his hit "Angels" and it was included as a bonus track on the album and then released as a single (almost two years after its original release in English). The Spanish version was a substantial hit in most Latin American countries, but as the single had already been big in 1997, most video and radio outlets focused on the tracks from his album "I've Been Expecting You". Despite this, the compilation proved to be a medium success giving him Gold sales in Mexico and Argentina. It has sold over 1 million copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="2853886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853886" title="Empress Xiaoxianchun">
Empress Xiaoxianchun

Empress Xiaoxianchun (28 March 1712 – 8 April 1748) was the first Empress Consort of the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.
Biography.
Family background.
Empress Xiaoxianchun was born in the Manchu Fucha (富察) clan, which was under the Bordered Yellow Banner of the Eight Banners. Her personal name is unknown. She was the eighth child of Lirongbao (李榮保), the Supervisor of Chahar Province.
Marriage to the Qianlong Emperor.
In 1727 Lady Fucha married Hongli, the fourth son of the Yongzheng Emperor. She was granted the title of Primary Consort (嫡妃) of Hongli, who was then known as Prince Bao of the First Rank (寶親王), and moved into the Palace of Eternal Spring in the western part of the Forbidden City. In 1735 the Yongzheng Emperor died and was succeeded by Hongli, who became the Qianlong Emperor. Two years later in 1737 Qianlong instated Lady Fucha as his Empress.
As Empress.
In the "Draft History of the Qing Dynasty", Lady Fucha is depicted as a respected and virtuous person. She looked after the Qianlong Emperor and the people in the palace, and served her role as Empress well. She was praised and favoured by Qianlong.
It is also said that Lady Fucha did not like spending money for her own good. Instead of wearing jewellery she would put wild flowers in her hair. 
The Qianlong Emperor once told her a story that Manchus were too poor to make their own pouches from cloth and had to settle for simple deer hide instead. She immediately made one for him. He was touched by the gift. Lady Fucha also made other pouches for him.
Lady Fucha took her duties seriously when it came to Confucian rituals. As head of the women's quarters in the palace, she supervised the emperor's concubines when performing a ritual. One of these was a rite concerning sericulture that was presided over by the Empress. This rite, which had been practiced since the Zhou Dynasty, was gradually restored during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor. For this a sericulture altar was constructed in 1742.
In 1744 a new Altar to Sericulture was completed, largely at Lady Fucha's urging. In the same year Lady Fucha became the first empress in the Qing Dynasty to personally lead the women in the palace in these rites. They made offerings of mulberry and presented them to silkworm cocoons, all of them working industriously.
The whole rite was painted on four scrolls in 1751 in memory of Lady Fucha, who died in 1748.
Death.
Lady Fucha often joined the Qianlong Emperor on his excursions throughout China. In 1748, during one of Qianlong's southern tours, Lady Fucha became seriously ill and eventually died on 8 April at the age of 36. She was interred in the Yuling Mausoleum in the Eastern Qing Tombs. It is said that the Qianlong Emperor often visited her grave with wistful longing, and remained heartbroken to the end of his days.
Family.
Empress Xiaoxianchun was born in an aristocratic family that saw many members serving as officials in the Qing imperial court.
Siblings.
Lady Fucha had seven older brothers, two younger brothers and several sisters. The most notable of her siblings was a younger brother, Fuheng.
Issue.
Lady Fucha bore the Qianlong Emperor two sons and two daughters, of whom only one daughter survived to adulthood.
Posthumous title.
Empress Xiaoxianchun's full posthumous title is:

</doc>
<doc id="2853892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853892" title="Zeno's Conscience">
Zeno's Conscience

"Zeno's Conscience" ( ) is a novel by Italian writer Italo Svevo. The main character is Zeno Cosini and the book is the fictional character's memoirs that he keeps at the insistence of his psychiatrist. Throughout the novel, we learn about his father, his business, his wife, and his tobacco habit. The novel was self-published in 1923. The original English translation was published under the title Confessions of Zeno.
Plot summary.
The novel is presented as a diary written by Zeno (who claims that it is full of lies), published by his doctor. The doctor has left a little note in the beginning, saying he had Zeno write an autobiography to help him in his psychoanalysis. The doctor has published the work as revenge for Zeno discontinuing his visits.The diary, however, does not follow the chronological order; instead, it is structured in large chapters, each one developing a particular theme (The smoke addiction, My father's death, History of my marriage and so on). Only the last chapter is a real diary, with pages related to single dates in the period of the First World War.
Zeno first writes about his cigarette addiction and cites the first times he smoked. In his first few paragraphs, he remembers his life as a child. One of his friends bought cigarettes for his brother and him. Soon, he steals money from his father to buy tobacco, but finally decides not to do this out of shame. Eventually, he starts to smoke his father's half-smoked cigars instead.
The problem with his "last cigarette" starts when he is twenty. He contracts a fever and his doctor tells him that to heal he must abstain from smoking. He decides smoking is bad for him and smokes his "last cigarette" so he can quit. However, this is not his last and he soon becomes plagued with "last cigarettes." He attempts to quit on days of important events in his life and soon obsessively attempts to quit on the basis of the harmony in the numbers of dates. Each time, the cigarette fails to truly be the last. He goes to doctors and asks friends to help him give up the habit, but to no avail. He even commits himself into a clinic, but escapes.
When Zeno reaches middle age, his father's health begins to deteriorate. He starts to live closer to his father in case he passes away. Zeno is very different from his father, who is a serious man, while Zeno likes to joke. For instance, when his father states that Zeno is crazy, Zeno goes to the doctor and gets an official certification that he is sane. He shows this to his father who is hurt by this joke and becomes even more convinced that Zeno must be crazy. His father is also afraid of death, being very uncomfortable with the drafting of his will. One night, his father falls gravely ill and loses consciousness. The doctor comes and works on the patient, who is brought out of the clutches of death momentarily. Over the next few days, his father is able to get up and regains a bit of his self. He is restless and shifts positions for comfort often, even though the doctor says that staying in bed would be good for his circulation. One night, as his father tries to roll out of bed, Zeno blocks him from moving, to do as the doctor wished. His angry father then stands up and accidentally slaps Zeno in the face before dying.
His memoirs then trace how he meets his wife. When he is starting to learn about the business world, he meets his future father-in-law Giovanni Malfenti, an intelligent and successful businessman, whom Zeno admires. Malfenti has four daughters, Ada, Augusta, Alberta, and Anna, and when Zeno meets them, he decides that he wants to court Ada because of her beauty and since Alberta is quite young, while he regards Augusta as too plain, and Anna is only a little girl. He is unsuccessful and the Malfentis think that he is actually trying to court Augusta. He soon meets his rival for Ada's love, who is Guido Speier. Guido speaks perfect Tuscan (while Zeno speaks the dialect of Trieste), is handsome, and has a full head of hair (compared with Zeno's bald head). That evening, while Guido and Zeno both visit the Malfentis, Zeno proposes to Ada and she rejects him for Guido. Zeno then proposes to Alberta, who is not interested in marrying, and he is rejected by her also. Finally, he proposes to Augusta (who knows that Zeno first proposed to the other two) and she accepts, because she loves him.
Very soon, the couples get married and Zeno starts to realize that he can love Augusta. This surprises him as his love for her does not diminish. However, he meets Carla, a poor aspiring singer, and they start an affair, with Carla thinking that Zeno does not love his wife. Meanwhile, Ada and Guido marry and Mr. Malfenti gets sick. Zeno's affection for both Augusta and Carla increases and he has a daughter named Antonia around the time Giovanni passes away. Finally, one day, Carla expresses a sudden whim to see Augusta. Zeno deceives Carla and causes her to meet Ada instead. Carla misrepresents Ada as Zeno's wife, and moved by her beauty and sadness, breaks off the affair.
Zeno goes on to relate the business partnership between him and Guido. The two men set up a merchant business together in Trieste. They hire two workers named Luciano and Carmen (who becomes Guido's mistress) and they attempt to make as much profit as possible. However, due to Guido's obsession with debts and credit as well as with the notion of profit, the company does poorly. Guido and Ada's marriage begins to crumble as does Ada's health and beauty. Guido fakes a suicide attempt to gain Ada's compassion and she asks Zeno to help Guido's failing company. Guido starts playing on the Bourse (stock exchange) and loses even more money. On a fishing trip, he asks Zeno about the differences in effects between sodium veronal and veronal and Zeno answers that sodium veronal is fatal while veronal is not. Guido's gambling on the Bourse becomes very destructive and he finally tries to fake another suicide to gain Ada's compassion. However, he takes a fatal amount of veronal and dies. Soon thereafter, Zeno misses Guido's funeral because he himself gambles Guido's money on the Bourse and recovers three quarters of the losses.
Zeno describes his current life. It is during the Great War and his daughter Antonia (who greatly resembles Ada) and son Alfio have grown up. He spends his time visiting doctors, looking for a cure to his imagined sickness. One of the doctors claims he is suffering from the Oedipus complex, but Zeno does not believe it to be true. All the doctors are not able to treat him. Finally, he realizes that life itself resembles sickness because it has advancements and setbacks and always ends in death. Human advancement has given mankind not more able bodies, but weapons that can be sold, bought, stolen to prolong life. This deviation from natural selection causes more sickness and weakness in humans. Zeno imagines a time when a person will invent a new, powerful weapon of mass destruction and another will steal it and destroy the world, setting it free of sickness.

</doc>
<doc id="2853893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853893" title="False Cape Horn">
False Cape Horn

False Cape Horn or Falso Cabo de Hornos is a headland at the south end of Hoste Island, 35 statute miles (56 km) northwest of Cape Horn, located at . False Cape Horn is the southernmost point of the large islands of the Tierra del Fuego group, located close to the mainland of South America.
At least 100 ships were lost in the Cape Horn area between 1850 and 1900. There were three sailing routes through or around the Tierra del Fuego region: Drake Passage (the one going around Cape Horn), Magellan Strait, and Beagle Channel. All three were perilous, but only Drake Passage offered unlimited maneuvering room. It became the preferred route. Since the winds in the area are prevailing westerlies, False Cape Horn is a lee shore which from the west superficially resembles the real Cape Horn to the south. If the officers and crew of a ship saw land off the starboard bow (to the south), there was virtually no chance of stopping or turning, or even slowing, a ship in time to avoid wrecking on the Wollaston Islands. This mistake caused several shipwrecks. 
Administratively, False Cape Horn, which belongs to the Commune of Cabo de Hornos, is part of the Antártica Chilena Province of the Magallanes y Antártica Chilena Region, Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="2853895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853895" title="The Pirate">
The Pirate

The Pirate is a 1948 American musical feature film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. With songs by Cole Porter, it stars Judy Garland and Gene Kelly with co-stars Walter Slezak, Gladys Cooper, Reginald Owen, and George Zucco.
Plot.
Manuela Alva (Judy Garland), who lives in the small Caribbean village of Calvados, dreams of being swept away by the legendary Pirate, Mack "the Black" Macoco. However, her aunt and uncle (who have raised her) insist that she marry the town mayor, the rotund and bullying Don Pedro (Walter Slezak).
Shortly before her wedding, Manuela visits a nearby town, Port Sebastian. A traveling circus has arrived, and Serafin (Gene Kelly), its handsome leader, flirts with all the girls in the song "Nina." When he encounters Manuela, however, he falls in love at first sight with her. Serafin compliments Manuela's beauty and begs her not to marry Don Pedro, but, angered, she hurries away. That night, however, Manuela cannot sleep, and she sneaks out to go see Serafin's show.
At the show, Serafin hypnotizes Manuela, thinking that she will admit she loves him. Instead, the hypnotized girl wildly sings and dances about her love for "Mack the Black." Serafin awakens Manuela with a kiss, and she flees in horror.
On Manuela's wedding day, the traveling players arrive in Calvados. Serafin begs Manuela to join his troupe, and asks her to admit that she loves him. Don Pedro, hearing noise in Manuela's room, arrives at her door, and asks Manuela to go away so that he can teach Serafin a lesson.
Serafin recognizes Don Pedro as Macoco, retired and obese. He blackmails Pedro with this information, swearing to tell it to Manuela if Don Pedro forbids the performers from putting on a show. Serafin then decides to pretend to be Macoco in order to win over Manuela. He reveals himself before the whole town as Macoco, then asks Manuela if she will come with him; she again refuses. Still, watching from her window as "Macoco" dances, she begins to daydream about the pirate. The next day, "Macoco" threatens to burn down the town if he cannot have Manuela. Finally, she happily agrees to go with him.
One of Serafin's troupe accidentally reveals Serafin's plan to Manuela. To get her revenge, she first pretends to seduce Serafin, then attacks him with words and hurtling objects. She accidentally knocks him out, then realizes that she loves him, and sings "You Can Do No Wrong."
Meanwhile, Don Pedro convinces the viceroy that Serafin is the real Macoco and should hang for it. He plants treasure in Serafin's prop trunk to make him look like a pirate. The army arrests Serafin, and Manuela's protests cannot free him. On the night of Serafin's hanging, Manuela finally gets to look at the false evidence, and recognizes a bracelet with the same design as the wedding ring that Pedro gave her, and realizes that Pedro is the pirate.
Serafin asks to do one last show before he is hanged, and sings and dances "Be a Clown" with two fellow troupe members (the Nicholas Brothers). As a finale, Serafin plans to hypnotize Don Pedro into admitting he is Macoco, but Manuela's aunt breaks the mirror that Serafin uses to hypnotize people. Panicked, Manuela pretends to be hypnotized and sings "Love of My Life," vowing everlasting devotion to Macoco. Don Pedro, jealous, reveals himself as the true Macoco and seizes Manuela. Serafin's troupe attacks Don Pedro with custard pies and juggling balls, and the lovers embrace. Manuela joins Serafin's act and the film ends with the two of them singing a reprise of "Be a Clown."
Production.
Vincente Minnelli directed, from a screenplay by Frances Goodrich from the 1942 play by S. N. Behrman, which had starred Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne. The score, by Lennie Hayton, featured the song "Be a Clown" by Cole Porter. This dance sequence was omitted when shown in some cities in the South, such as Memphis, because it featured black performers The Nicholas Brothers, Fayard and Harold, dancing with Kelly. (It was the first time they had danced onscreen with a Caucasian, and while it was Kelly's insistence that they perform with him, they were the ones who were punished. Essentially blackballed, they moved to Europe and did not return until the mid-60s.)
The score was nominated for an Academy Award for Original Music Score, losing out to another MGM musical, "Easter Parade", also starring Judy Garland and produced by Arthur Freed.
The production of the movie was frequently tense: Garland's struggles with ongoing prescription drug addiction led to several angry confrontations with husband/director Minnelli, presaging their divorce a few years later. The production lasted for over two months, with Garland missing 99 of the 135 shooting days.
Reception.
Audiences failed to respond to the film's high-brow ambitions, and while many critics hailed the movie's sophistication, box office results failed to follow suit, although the late British author David Shipman, writing in his book "The Great Movie Stars: The Golden Years", did describe "The Pirate" as being overall "a neat moneymaker, but otherwise probably the least successful of Garland's M-G-M films."
According to MGM accounts, the film earned $1,874,000 in the US and Canada and $782,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss to the studio of $2,290,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2853898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853898" title="Gary Alexander (footballer)">
Gary Alexander (footballer)

Gary George Alexander (born 15 August 1979 in Lambeth) is an English footballer who currently plays as a striker for Greenwich Borough. He was also interim manager of Crawley alongside Martin Hinshelwood.
Alexander has previously played for West Ham United, Exeter City, Swindon Town, Hull City, Leyton Orient, Millwall, Brentford and AFC Wimbledon.
Career.
West Ham United & Exeter City.
He began his career with West Ham United, but his first taste of first team football came with a loan spell at Exeter City in the 1999–2000 season. Alexander scored 16 goals in 37 league games for the Grecians and although he was only on-loan to Exeter, became their Player of the Season. His form with Exeter convinced Swindon Town to sign him from West Ham for £300,000 in July 2000.
Swindon Town.
Alexander's time at Swindon was short. He played only one season, scoring seven goals in 43 appearances in all competitions.
Hull City.
With Swindon Town in financial difficulties they accepted a bid from Hull City in June 2001. His first season saw him score 20 goals in 47 appearances in all competitions and in the 2001–02 season he was awarded the Hull City Player of the Season award.
Leyton Orient.
In January 2003 he moved to Leyton Orient where he soon became a first team regular. Alexander rejected a new deal in May 2007.
Millwall.
On 24 May 2009 Alexander scored twice for Millwall in the 2008–09 League One play-off final. However, he was unable to prevent Millwall losing 3–2 to Scunthorpe United, despite Alexander's two goals giving Millwall a 2–1 half-time lead. He missed a chance to put Millwall 3–1 up and claim his hatrick.
Brentford.
In August 2010 Alexander signed for Brentford for an undisclosed fee making his debut on 7 August against Carlisle United and scoring his first Brentford goal a week later in a 2–1 home defeat to Walsall. On 28 January 2012 Alexander scored a hat-trick in a 5–2 win over Wycombe Wanderers.
Crawley Town.
In March 2012 Alexander signed on loan for Crawley Town until the end of the 2011–12 season. Alexander scored seven goals in fourteen appearances for Crawley as they finished 3rd in League Two and were promoted to League One. Following the sacking of manager Ritchie Barker, Alexander became interim manager on 28 November 2013, alongside chief scout Martin Hinshelwood.
AFC Wimbledon.
On 31 January 2013 Alexander joined AFC Wimbledon, on loan until the end of the season. He scored three goals in 18 appearances, the last of which was the first in a 2–1 win over Fleetwood Town on 27 April 2013, the final day of the season, that preserved the Dons' Football League status.
Burton Albion.
On 31 January 2014, Alexander signed for Burton Albion. He was released by the club at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2853899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853899" title="Abdul Halim Haron">
Abdul Halim Haron

Abdul Halim bin Haron is bodybuilder from Singapore who was inducted into the Singapore Sports Council's Hall of Fame for his impressive performance over the years. Starting his professional career in the welterweight category in the late 1990s, he won a bronze medal in the Asian Championship in 2000, and came out tops in the Singaporean national competitions a year later.
As there is a higher chance of winning medals in the lighter categories, he was asked to switch to the lower weight categories, a request which involved having to shed over 10 kilogrammes over just two years. His efforts allowed him to compete in the Busan 2002 Asian Games in the bantamweight category, and earned him a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="2853901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853901" title="List of early Lithuanian dukes">
List of early Lithuanian dukes

Early dukes of Lithuania (including Samogitia) reigned before Lithuanians were unified by Mindaugas into a state, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. While the Palemonids legend provides genealogy from the 10th century, only few dukes were mentioned by contemporary historical sources. All of them were mentioned in written sources the 13th century. Data about them is extremely scarce and is usually limited to few brief sentences. The primary sources are the Chronicle of Henry of Livonia and Hypatian Codex.
Rulers recorded in historical sources.
Of the dukes who signed the peace treaty, only four are mentioned in other written sources: Mindaugas, who went on to become the Grand Duke of Lithuania and was crowned as King of Lithuania in 1253, Vykintas, leader of anti-Mindaugas coalition during the civil war in 1248–1251, Bikšys and Ligeikis, both identified as Mindaugas relatives and nobles, mentioned in a document, dated 1260 and sometimes considered a forgery.

</doc>
<doc id="2853903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853903" title="New Brighton railway station">
New Brighton railway station

New Brighton railway station is situated in New Brighton, Wirral, England. It is situated at the end of the New Brighton branch of the Wirral Line west of Liverpool Lime Street on the Merseyrail network.
History.
The station was built as the terminus of the Wirral Railway's route from Birkenhead Park station, opening in 1888. Through services via the Mersey Railway Tunnel to Liverpool commenced in 1938, when the London Midland and Scottish Railway electrified the line.
Between 1960 and 1976, diesel services on the Bidston to Wrexham line ran through to New Brighton, this arrangement having started when the service was dieselised and the old branch to Seacombe station which was previously used as the terminus was closed. The service on the last leg to New Brighton was very little used apart from on peak summer days, most passengers from the west Wirral and North Wales were heading for Liverpool instead, and from 1976 it was diverted away from New Brighton to Birkenhead North, and subsequently terminated at Bidston. The diesel trains normally used the northern face of the island platform at New Brighton, with the electric services using the opposite face.
Facilities.
The station is staffed, during all opening hours, and has platform CCTV. There is a payphone, a station cafe and a vending machine, as well as a waiting room and toilets. There is, also, a booking office, live departure and arrival screens, for passenger information, and the terminus island platform also has a further sheltered waiting area. The station has a drop-off point, and a cycle rack with sixteen spaces. However, the station doesn't have a car park. The station and island platform can be easily accessed by passengers with wheelchairs or prams.
Services.
Current service levels are every 15 minutes to Liverpool during Monday to Saturday daytime, and every 30 minutes at other times. These services are all provided by Merseyrail's fleet of Class 507 and Class 508 EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="2853907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853907" title="Beijing University of Technology">
Beijing University of Technology

Beijing University of Technology (), also called Beijing Polytechnic University or Bei Gong Da (北工大), is recognized as one of the Project 211 universities. The University has established a multidisplinary academic structure, offering a variety of programs and is involved in diversified research in the fields of Science, Engineering, Economics, Management, Liberal Arts, and Law.
History.
Beijing University of Technology was founded in 1960 with five engineering departments. The first group of students was transferred from Beijing Institute of Technology and Beijing Normal University.
In 1981, Beijing University of Technology formed the graduate school, in 1985, the school started granting the Doctoral degrees with international standard.
In 1990, Beijing Tech acquired the College of Economics and Management from Beijing Union University, and later in 1993, Beijing Computer Institute became College of Computer Science as part of the university. In 1993, Beijing Tech formed the Experimental College by cooperating with local business, which later became an independent college. Over the decades, the social science's played a significant role therein. Especially, the achievements of faculties in facet of Economics,Law and other social sciences have indicated that this university has been changed into a "de facto" comprehensive university with wide variety of schools and colleges thoroughly. The most achievements is mainly focused on the engineering research and education.
Organization.
Beijing Tech is a key university under the jurisdiction of the Beijing Municipal Government. It has the following colleges (faculties): 
Campus.
Beijing University of Technology is located in the southeastern Beijing. The campus covers an area of about 800,000 square metres with 4,940,000 square meters of floor space.
Beijing Tech's main library is a modern complex occupying a floor area of more than 20,000 square meters. The library houses about 700,000 printed materials, 60,000 e-books, more than 40 kinds of database resources, forming a documentation resource system which meets the demands of teaching and research. The library also cooperates with the Capital Library of Beijing and the Information Center of the Chinese Academy of Science, providing professional services to the student and faculty.
Since Beijing Tech has been selected to host the Badminton competitions of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, the new athletic building will be finished by June 2006, to meet the requirements of the International Olympic Committee.
Academics.
Undergraduate programs.
The University upholds the principle that its purpose is to provide a stable and smooth process of undergraduate education. The premise for such education is that the supply of educated and trained personnel is fundamental to the success of China's future development and growth. The university believes that the quality of its teaching is the key to its success as a university. It strives to improve this quality by teaching reform, strengthened teaching development and strict management of the teaching programs.The university has developed an undergraduate education system with three main categories: science, engineering and management At present, there are 6811 undergraduate students studying 26 disciplines in 16 departments of the university.
Graduate and Professional Programs.
The graduate education or studies programs of the university are matched to the needs of the economic construction and social development programs of Beijing and China as a whole. It aims at improve educational quality, consistently optimize and develop the scale, quality, efficiency and structure of graduate education. The graduate studies school is the department in which both the graduate studies and scientific research programs are undertaken. As the world enters a new century, Beijing Tech follows the guidelines of â?œhumanismâ? and promote quality service and administration for the students.
The School of Higher Professional Education, founded in July 1996, has a staff of more than 120. Of the staff, 5 are professors and 29 are associate professors. The four departments are: Basic course, Information Technology, Engineering Technology, Economics & Management. The disciplines include: e-business, computer science and application, internet and office automation, information and telecommunication engineering, telecom and network engineering, information and applied software, financial accounting, environmental engineering, architectural technology, and concise chemistry. The School has established laboratories and an intern training base for higher professional education, and built cooperative education programs with Japan, Russia, etc. There are presently more than 1300 students enrolled in the School.
Student life.
There are more than 20,000 students enrolled in Beijing Tech of whom over 12,000 are undergraduate students, almost 6,000 are master's degree students, over 2000 are doctoral degree students, and 500 are international students. In addition to these students, there are over 10,000 continuing education students.

</doc>
<doc id="2853911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853911" title="Neuraminidase inhibitor">
Neuraminidase inhibitor

Neuraminidase inhibitors are a class of antiviral drugs targeted at the influenza virus, which work by blocking the function of the viral neuraminidase protein, thus preventing the virus from reproducing by budding from the host cell.
Oseltamivir (Tamiflu) a prodrug, Zanamivir (Relenza), Laninamivir (Inavir), and Peramivir belong to this class. Unlike the M2 inhibitors, which work only against the influenza A, neuraminidase inhibitors act against both influenza A and influenza B.
The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir were approved in the US and Europe for treatment and prevention of influenza A and B.
The efficacy was highly debated in recent years. The benefits of neuraminidase inhibitors in those who are otherwise healthy do not appear to outweigh its risks. The combination of diagnostic uncertainty, the risk for virus strain resistance, possible side effects and financial cost outweigh the small benefits of oseltamivir or zanamivir for the prophylaxis and treatment of healthy individuals. No benefit of treatment, on hospitalization, complications or risk of death has been found in randomized trials in those people at high risk for complications or the elderly. The United States Centers for Disease Control continues to recommend the use of oseltamavir treatment for people at high risk for complications and the elderly and those at lower risk who present within 48 hours of first symptoms of infection.
Common side effects include nausea and vomiting. For oseltamivir there were neuropsychiatric effects and for zanamivir bronchoconstriction occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="2853919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853919" title="History of Mizoram">
History of Mizoram

The history of Mizoram basically encompasses the account of transition in the occupation of Mizoram which lies in the remotest part of northeast India. It is a conglomerate history of several ethnic groups of Chin people who migrated from Chin State of Burma. But information of their patterns of westward migration are based on oral history and archaeological inferences, hence nothing definite can be said. The recorded history started relatively recently around the mid-19th century when the adjoining regions were occupied by the British monarchy. The land is now inhabited by a mixture of people from Chin Hills and Bangladesh and its history is therefore largely reflected by those of Lusei, Hmar, Lai, Mara and Chakmas tribes. Following religious, political and cultural revolutions in the mid-20th century majority of the people agglomerated into a super tribe, Mizo. Hence the officially recognised settlement of the Mizos became Mizoram.
The earliest documented records of Mizoram were from the British military officers in the 1850s, when they encountered series of raids in their official jurisdiction in Chittagong Hill Tracts from the neighbouring natives. By then they referred the land to as Lushai Hills. As a consequence of relentless tribal encroachment and often resulting in human mortality, British rulers were compelled to subjugate the tribal chiefdoms. Punitive British military expeditions in 1871 and 1889 forced the annexation of the entire Lushai Hills. After the Indian independence from British Empire in 1947, the land became Lushai Hills district under the Government of Assam. In 1972 the district was declared a union territory and was given a more culturally inclusive name Mizoram. Ultimately Mizoram became a full-fledged federal state of Indian Union in 1986.
Origin of the inhabitants.
The ancestors of Mizos were without any form of written language before the advent of British. They were anthropologically identified as members of the Tibeto-Burman ethnicity. Folk legends unanimously claim that there was Chhinlung or Sinlung at the cradle of the Mizos. Oral history provided contrasting accounts on the origin.
Speculated to be in around 5th century they settled in the Shan State after having overcome the resistance put up by the indigenous people. They thrived in Shan state for about 300 years before they moved on the Kabaw Valley around the 8th century. It was in the Kabaw Valley that Mizos had cultural influence with the local Burmese. It is conceivable that the Mizos learnt the technique of cultivation from the Burmese at Kabaw as many of their agricultural implements bore the prefix "Kawl", a name given by the Mizos to the Burmese.
Khampat (now in Myanmar) was known to have been the next Mizo settlement. They are said to have planted a banyan tree before they left Khampat as a sign that the town was made by them. In the early 14th century, they moved westward to Indo-Burmese border. They built villages and called them by their clan names such as "Seipui", "Saihmun" and "Bochung". The hills and difficult terrains of Chin Hills forced division into several villages and ethnic diaspora arose.
Mizo Hills.
The earliest people to enter the present Mizoram were known as Kukis, the second batch of immigrants were called New Kukis. The Lushais were the last of the Mizo tribes migrate to the Lushai Hills. By the time they crossed the Tiau river bordering Myanmar, the descendants of Zahmuaka, who came to be known as the ruling Sailo clan, had proven their mettle as able and assertive chiefs. The traditional system of village administration, too, had been perfected. As the head of the village, the Chief or Lal allocated lands for cultivation, settled all disputes in the villages, fed and cared for the poor and offered shelter to anyone seeking refuge. The Mizo history in the 18th and 19th centuries is marked by many instances of tribal raids and retaliatory expeditions.
British rule.
Initial encounters.
By the mid-19th century British Empire had occupied all the surrounding Chittagong and Burma but had little or no interest in the tribes or their hilly land. They were merely mentioned in passing as "irreclaimable savages". The tribals then lived in small and isolated clusters of chiefdoms, each often raising warfare against another. Their religious lives were dominated by paganism and they led animistic world view, with unique concept of afterlife called Pialral. They practised elaborate rituals including animal sacrifice, and worshipped or feared almost all conceivable inanimate objects, diseases and unusual natural phenomena. The first Lushai (the British misnomer for Lusei) raid recorded in British governed Assam was in 1826. From that year to 1850 the local officers were unable to restrain the fierce attacks of the hillmen on the south. Raids and outrages were of yearly occurrence, and on one occasion the Magistrate of Sylhet reported a series of massacres by "Kookies" in what was alleged to be British territory, in which 150 persons had been killed. The raid was most severe in 1871 when a series of attacks caused several deaths on both sides, with extensive damage on the plantations. A number of workers and soldiers were taken prisoners, and among them a six-year-old Mary Winchester. Mary Winchester was taken as hostage by Bengkhuaia warriors, while other prisoners were executed on the way.
British military expeditions.
To retaliate the British military organised punitive expedition named Lushai Expedition in 1871-1872. The campaign consisted two columns, the right advancing from Chittagong and the left from Cachar. General Brownlow, C.B., commanded the former, with Captain T.H. Lewin, Superintendent of the Chittagong Hill Tracts, as Civil Officer. The Cachar column was led by General Bourchier, C.B., with Mr. Edgar, Deputy Commissioner, Cachar, as Civil Officer. In addition, a contingent of Manipuris accompanied by Colonel James Nuttall, the Political Agent of Manipur, made a demonstration across the southern border to co-operate with General Bourchier's portion of the expedition. The expedition started on the 15 December 1871. The Mizo villages were crushed one by one, and Mary Winchester was rescued. Mizo chiefs made a truce not to make further attacks. Frontier posts were built to protect the border and bazaars were opened to encourage the Lushais to trade After a decade the truce was broken, and there erupted intermittent raids again. In 1889 British military organised another punitive expedition code named "The Expedition of 1889". It was commanded b Col. F.V.C. Tregear. From their camping site at Demagiri they started on 19 December 1888. They easily penetrated the southern villages with little resistance. They fortified at Lungleh (now Lunglei) and prepared locations and roads for the next expedition. After their completing their mission, they returned in April 1889. Then the major campaign called The Chin-Lushai Expedition 1889-90 immediately followed. Again divided into two columns, Chittagong column was commanded by Col. Tregear, and Cachar column by W.W. Daly. The Chittgong column occupied most of the southern region including Chin Hills by the end of 1889. The Cachar column camped at Aijal (now Aizawl) on 30 January 1890. They subjugated all the major chiefdoms, captured the chiefs and got permanently fortified in Aizawl and Lunglei, as the administrative centres.
Lushai Hills.
Mizo Hills were formally declared as part of British India by a proclamation in 1895. North and south hills were united into Lushai Hills district in 1898 with Aizawl as its headquarters. The process of the consolidation of the British administration in tribal dominated area in Assam started in 1919 when Lushai Hills, along with some of the other hill districts, was declared a "Backward Tract" under the 1919 Government of India Act. The tribal districts of Assam including Lushai Hills were declared "Excluded Area" in 1935. It was during the British regime that a political awakening among the Mizos in Lushai Hills started taking shape the first political party, the Mizo Common People's Union was formed on 9 April 1946. The Party was later renamed the Mizo Union. As the day of Independence drew nearer, the Constituent Assembly of India set up an advisory committee to deal with matters relating to the minorities and the tribal members. A sub-committee, under the chairmanship of Gopinath Bordoloi was formed to advise the Constituent Assembly on the tribal affairs in the North East. The Mizo Union submitted a resolution of this Sub-committee demanding inclusion of all Mizo inhabited areas adjacent to Lushai Hills. However, a new party called the United Mizo Freedom Organisation (UMFO) came up to demand that Lushai Hills join Burma after Independence.
Christianity and education.
The Mizo ancestors had no written language and were completely devoted to animism, worshipping all sorts of objects and natural phenomena. The British had to simply modernise them for effective administration. The obvious solution was to encourage Christian missions. The first missionary who came to Lushai Hills was Rev. William Williams, a Welsh missionary who at that time wasworking in Khasi Hills (now Meghalaya). However he came only on an ivestigative visit for a week in March 1891. On 11 January 1894, F.W. Savidge and J.H. Lorrain, commissioned by Arthington Aborigines Mission, arrived at Aizawl. This marked the origin of formal education and Christianity in Mizoram. They made camp at Thingpui Huan Tlang ("Tea Graden"), MacDonald Hill, Zarkawt. They immediately worked on creating Mizo alphabets based on Roman script. After only two and half months, Savidge started the first school on 1 April 1894. Their first and only pupils were Suaka and Thangphunga. They translated and published the Gospels of Luke and John, and Acts of the Apostles. They also prepared "A Grammar and Dictionary of the Lushai language (Dulien Dialect)" which they published in 1898, and became the foundation of Mizo language. In 1903 Baptist Missionary Society (BMS) of London set up Baptist church by sending Lorrain and Savidge at Serkawn, near Lunglei. From there they expanded the church, education and health services. Rev. Reginald Arthur Lorrain, younger brother of Rev. J.H. Lorrain and founder of the Evangelical Church of Maraland was the first pioneering missionary to the Mara people at the southern extreme of Lushai Hills. He entered Maraland (now includes southern end of Mizoram and adjoining Chin State of Burma) and settled at Serkawr (Saikao) village on 26 September 1907. Lorrain created alphabets, prepared Bible and textbooks in Mara. With his mission the task of evangelising and educating the mass of the Mizo people was complete.
Lushai Hills District.
Following the Bordoloi sub-committee's suggestion, a certain amount of autonomy was accepted by the government and enshrined in the Six Schedule of the Indian Constitution. The Lushai Hills Autonomous District Council came into being in 1952 followed by the formation of these bodies led to the abolition of chieftainship in the Mizo society. The autonomy however met the aspirations of the Mizos only partially. Representatives of the District Council and the Mizo Union pleaded with the States Reorganization Commission (SRC) in 1954 for integration of the Mizo-dominated areas of Tripura and Manipur with their District Council in Assam. The tribal leaders in the northeast were laboriously unhappy with the SRC recommendations. They met in Aizawl in 1955 and formed a new political party, Eastern India Union (EITU) and raised their demand for a separate state comprising all the hill districts of Assam. The Mizo Union split and the breakaway faction joined the EITU. By this time, the UMFO also joined the EITU and then understanding of the Hill problems by the Chuliha Ministry, the demand for a separate Hill state by EITU was kept in abeyance.
Mautam famine.
In 1959, Mizo Hills was devastated by a great famine known in Mizo history as 'Mautam Famine'. The cause of the famine was attributed to flowering of bamboos which resulted in boom in the rat population. It caused mass destrcution of food stores and crops. A number of people died of starvation. Earlier in 1955, Mizo Cultural Society was formed with Pu Laldenga as its secretary. In March 1960, the name of the Mizo Cultural Society was changed to 'Mautam Front' to fight against the famine. In September 1960, the Society adopted the name of Mizo National Famine Front (MNFF). The MNFF gained considerable popularity as a large number of Mizo Youth assisted in transporting rice and other essential commodities to interior villages.
Insurgency.
After recovery from the disaster the Mizo National Famine Front was changed to a new political organisation, the Mizo National Front (MNF) on 22 October 1961. The specified goal was sovereign independence of Greater Mizoram. It resorted to armed insurrection with the 28 February 1966 uprising against the Government, attacking the government installations at Aizawl, Lunglei, Chawngte, Chhimluang and other places. In Aizawl, on 5 and 6 March 1966, the Government of India bombed the city of Aizawl with Toofani and Hunter Jet fighters, this was the first time India used its air force to quell a movement of any kind among its citizens. The next day, a more excessive bombing took place for several hours which left most houses in Dawrpui and Chhinga veng area in ashes,” recollected 62-year-old Rothangpuia in Aizawl. The Mizo National Front was outlawed in 1967 and the demand for statehood increased. The Mizo District Council delegation met prime minister Indira Gandhi in May 1971 and demanded full fledged statehood for Mizoram. The Indian government offered to convert the Mizo Hills into a Union Territory (U.T.) in July 1971. On 21 January 1972 official declaration of UT was made with the name Mizoram. Mizoram was alloted two seats in Parliament, one each in the Lok Sabha and in the Rajya Sabha.
Birth of Mizoram state.
Election of Rajiv Gandhi to the office of Prime Minister of India in 1984 incited the beginning of a new era in Indian politics. Laldenga met the prime minister on 15 February 1985. Terms of negotiations were resolved between the two parties. The Mizoram Peace Accord (the official document entitled "Mizoram Accord, 1986, Memorandum of Settlement") was therefore signed between the Mizo National Front and the Union Government on 30 June 1986. Signatories were Pu Laldenga from MNF, the Union Home Secretary R.D. Pradhan on behalf of the government and Lalkhama, Chief Secretary of Mizoram. Statehood was a prerequisite of the accord so that Mizoram became a federal state of India on 20 February 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2853928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853928" title="Halling">
Halling

Halling may refer to:

</doc>
