<doc id="2920619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920619" title="Somerset Rural Life Museum">
Somerset Rural Life Museum

The Somerset Rural Life Museum is situated in Glastonbury, Somerset, UK. It is a museum of the social and agricultural history of Somerset, housed in buildings surrounding a 14th-century barn once belonging to Glastonbury Abbey.
It was used as a Tithe barn for the storage of arable produce, particularly wheat and rye, from the abbey's home farm of approximately . Threshing and winnowing would also have been carried out in the barn.
The barn which was built from local 'shelly' limestone, with thick timbers supporting the stone tiling of the roof. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building, and is a Scheduled Ancient Monument. In 2011 the high doors of the barn were replaced by local craftsmen using materials and traditional techniques and materials to a design based on The Bishop's Eye in Wells.
After the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539 the barn was given to the Duke of Somerset. By the early 20th century it was being used as a farm store by the Mapstone family. In 1974 they donated it to Somerset County Council and between 1976 and 1978 underwent restoration. It was also used as the location for the pistol duel in Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon", released in 1975.
The barn and courtyard contain displays of farm machinery from the Victorian or early 20th Century period. Other exhibits show local crafts, including willow coppicing, mud horse fishing on the flats of Bridgwater Bay, peat digging on the Somerset Levels, and the production of milk, cheese, and cider. In reconstructed rooms detailing domestic life in the nearby village of Butleigh, the story of one farm worker, John Hodges, is told from cradle to grave.
Outside, there is a beehive and rare breeds of poultry and sheep, in the cider apple orchard. Regular craft demonstrations and talks on farming are held, as are activities for children and families. There is a shop, tea room, car park and disabled access. The shop is run by the Friends of the Somerset Rural Life Museum.
Admission to the museum is free.

</doc>
<doc id="2920621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920621" title="Tsing Yi Rural Committee">
Tsing Yi Rural Committee

Tsing Yi Rural Committee (Chinese: 青衣鄉事委員會) is a rural committee dealing with matters of the villages on the Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong. Its office is on the Fung Shue Wo Road, near Chun Kwan Temple. In the early days, the rural committee only served the indigenous inhabitants. Before the development of new town, there are several times of influx of population. In later days, it also served the non-indigenous inhabitants.
Representative.
Note: The brackets are, (No. of Indigenous Inhabitant Representative[原居民代表], No. of Resident Representative[居民代表]) in the Tsing Yi Rural Committee. The villages with no bracketed numbers have no representatives in the committee.
Note: Chung Mei Tsuen and Lo Uk Tsuen are mixed into one village, named Chung Mei Lo Uk Tsuen (涌尾老屋村). Tsing Yi residents prefer to call this village simply Chung Mei Tsuen.
Note: The about four resite villages are relocated together and are usually referred as Sai Tsuen (四村), lit. four villages.
Note: In Fung Shue Wo, there are two villages namely Tsing Yu New Village (青裕新村), and Tsing Yi Hui (青衣墟), lit. Tsing Yi Market.

</doc>
<doc id="2920623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920623" title="Torphichen Preceptory">
Torphichen Preceptory

Torphichen Preceptory, is a church in the village of Torphichen, West Lothian, Scotland. It comprises the remains of the Preceptory (headquarters) of the Knights Hospitaller of the Order of St John of Jerusalem in Scotland. The placename may be Gaelic in origin, e.g., "Tóir Féichín" (the boundary/sanctuary of St Féichín) or British, e.g., modern Welsh "tref fechan" (little town).
The Preceptory.
The Preceptory was built in the 1140s around an existing church, possibly of early Christian origin. During the 13th Century the Preceptory was expanded, and the buildings which still stand were first erected. The complex included a cruciform church, with a nave, central tower, transepts and choir, whose tower and transepts remain, and a number of domestic buildings including a hospital. The church was extended again in the 15th Century, and a cloister completed, of which only the foundations remain. Very unusually, this was situated on the north side of the church (a feature seen elsewhere in Scotland only at Melrose Abbey).
After the Reformation, the nave of the Preceptory church was converted for use as the parish kirk, with the rest of the buildings falliing into disrepair. Nevertheless, the surviving crossing of the church (below the central tower) retains some of the best-preserved late 12th-early 13th century masonry in Scotland, with refined architectural detail. In 1756 the nave and domestic buildings were demolished, and a new T-plan kirk built. The kirk is furnished with early 19th Century box pews and galleries. The remnants of the Preceptory were used as a courthouse for a number of years. The central tower was re-roofed in 1947 and is now in the care of Historic Scotland (open in summer; entrance charge).
A 'sanctuary stone' in the kirkyard marks the centre of an 'area of sanctuary' that once extended one Scots mile around. The east and west 'sanctuary stones' still stand in their original positions. It has been suggested that these stones are of much earlier origin than the medieval Preceptory, possibly being related to the important Neolithic henge and burial mound at Cairnpapple Hill, to the east.
The large kirkyard has a fine collection of 17th-18th century headstones, with much intriguing 'folk art', including symbols of mortality, tools representing professions etc.
The Knights Hospitaller.
The Knights Hospitaller, established during the Crusades, were invited to Scotland in 1132 by David I. After the suppression of the Knights Templar in 1312, their lands were transferred to the Knights Hospitaller. Torphichen was one of many major Hospitaller sites in Britain, second only to the Priory of Clerkenwell in London, and benefited greatly from this transfer of land.
In 1298, during the Battle of Falkirk, Alexander de Welles, Master of Torphichen Preceptory, was killed. Based on the heraldic evidence there is very little doubt that Alexander de Welles was a member of the Lincolnshire Welle(s) family. Also at Falkirk were Adam de Welle(s) of Lincolnshire and Philip de Welle(s).
William Wallace held his last parliament here, prior to the Battle of Falkirk in 1298. The only surviving document signed by Wallace as Guardian of Scotland, "Custos Regni Scotiae", was prepared here. After the battle, Edward Longshanks (Edward I of England) was brought to the Preceptory for treatment of the injuries caused when his horse stood on him, whilst he was encamped at Polmont before the battle. The Hospitallers fought on the English side during the Wars of Scottish Independence, and withdrew after the Scots victory at Bannockburn, returning during the rule of Robert the Bruce.
The preceptor, Sir William Knollys, served as Lord High Treasurer of Scotland for James III and James IV, was created Lord St. John of Torphichen, and is commonly held to have died at the Battle of Flodden in 1513.
The last Preceptor, Sir James Sandilands, was the second son of James Sandilands, Baron of Calder. Sir James's father and elder brother John had both backed the Lords of the Congregation and were friends of John Knox. In February 1564 Sir James surrendered the Preceptory lands to the Crown, i.e. his relative, Mary, Queen of Scots, whereupon she gave the lands back to him for a payment of 10, 000 crowns, with the secular title Lord Torphichen.
The honorary post of Preceptor of Torphichen continues to be used within the modern day Order of St John of Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="2920626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920626" title="Frederick of Austria">
Frederick of Austria

Frederick of Austria ("Friedrich I. von Österreich") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920641" title="Washint">
Washint

The washint is an end-blown wooden flute originally used by the Amhara people in Ethiopia. Traditionally, Amharic musicians would pass on their oral history through song accompanied by the "washint" as well as the krar, a six stringed lyre, and the masenqo, a one string fiddle.
Construction and Design.
The "washint" can be constructed using wood, bamboo, or other cane. Varieties exists in different lengths and relative fingerhole placement, and a performer might use several different flutes over the course of a performance to accommodate different song types. It generally has four finger-holes, which allows the player to create a pentatonic scale.

</doc>
<doc id="2920644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920644" title="Zambesi Mission">
Zambesi Mission

The Zambesi Mission was a Catholic prefecture division in Rhodesia.
Location.
The prefecture comprised all Rhodesia south of the Zambesi River, that part of Bechuanaland which is north of the Tropic of Capricorn and east of the 22nd degree of longitude, that part of Rhodesia north of the Zambesi, south of the Congo Free State, and west of the 30th degree longitude. Originally it also included a part of North-eastern Rhodesia, which was split off into the Vicariate Apostolic of Nyassa.
Rhodesia was administered by the British South Africa Company from 1890 onwards.
Establishment.
The Zambesi mission was founded in 1877, and entrusted to the English Province of the Society of Jesus; its limits were defined by Propaganda in 1879. In 1879 the first party of missionaries under Father Henry Depelchin, the first superior, started from Grahamstown, Cape Colony by oxen drawn wagon to Bulawayo. The thousand mile journey took five or six months. 
The first years were difficult. Due to the lack of efficient transport, prices were very high which meant that many lives were lost from fever and privations. The Matabele were at the time hostile to Christianity, with their king, Lobengula, playing a crucial part in opposing the mission.
There were unsuccessful expeditions from the base in Bulawayo, one led by Father Depelchin to the north beyond the Zambesi and one led by Father Augustus Law went 300 miles east to the Portuguese border.
Under the British South Africa Company.
In 1893 Lobengula was overthrown when Bulawayo and Matabeleland were seized by the British South Africa Company. A number of other Catholic missionaries entered the new territory with the Sisters of St. Dominic starting public hospitals, and later opening schools for the children of the settlers.
The progress of the mission was slow, with the adult population still attached to paganism and polygamy. The missions concentrated on providing education although this was hampered by a number of physical difficulties, although the introduction of railways meant that more mission stations could be established.
As well as the Jesuits and the Sisters of St. Dominic the other Catholic missionaries included the Missionaries of Mariannhill, the Sisters of Notre Dame and the Sisters of the Precious Blood.

</doc>
<doc id="2920649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920649" title="Zirc Abbey">
Zirc Abbey

Zirc Abbey, formerly also Zircz Abbey, also known as "Zircensis" or "Boccon", is a Cistercian abbey, situated in Zirc in the Diocese of Veszprém, Hungary.
History.
First period.
The early history of the monastery is obscure as regards both names and dates, on account of its being so often referred to under both these titles: whether Zirc and Boccon were separate abbeys cannot now be definitely determined. It seems most probable that the foundation was made by Béla III, King of Hungary (1182), as the monastic domain was formerly a royal farm. Besides this grant, on which now stands the city of Zirc, many other donations were made to the nascent abbey, which soon became one of the most celebrated in the country. It was rich not only in temporal possessions but also in the spirit of fervor and religious regularity. In 1232 the foundation of Kutjevo Abbey in the present Croatia was made from Zirc, which became its mother-house.
This happy state continued for three centuries, but decadence set in before the end of the fifteenth century, and by 1526 the ravages of the Ottoman invasion of Hungary had depopulated the monastery, not one religious remaining at the end of the year. The buildings and possessions passed into the hands of laymen.
Second period.
In the seventeenth century (1609) it was acquired by Canon Mihály Monoszlay. Thenceforth it remained the property of ecclesiastics, and in 1659 it was given to Holweis, Abbot of the Cistercian Lilienfeld Abbey, who appointed Márton Újfalusy (1660) its abbot, thus reviving it. From the jurisdiction of Lilienfeld it was transferred successively to that of Klostermarienberg Abbey (Borsmonostor) (1678) and Heinrichau Abbey (1700). From the latter abbey came a number of religious who gradually restored first the monastic buildings and church (consecrated 1745) and then regular observance in its primitive vigour.
In 1810 the community, in common with many others, was expelled, but was restored in 1814 under Abbot Antonius Dreta, from which time the abbey prospered more than ever before. Under his administration the abbeys at Pilis and Pásztó were united to Zirc, as was likewise, in 1878, the abbey at Szentgotthárd. In 1923 the Congregation of Zirc was established.
After World War II and the Soviet takeover of Hungary, many of the monks gradually escaped the country. A large number of them went to Wisconsin (USA) and served at Spring Bank in Sparta, Wisconsin, founded by Dutch monks in 1928. By 1956, however, a small group of these Hungarian Cistercians left Wisconsin to found Our Lady of Dallas in Irving, Dallas County, Texas.
Zirc Abbey was dissolved in 1950, and its church became a parish church. The monastery was re-established in 1989 and maintains residences in Eger, Baja, Budapest, Pécs and Székesfehérvár.

</doc>
<doc id="2920650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920650" title="Bhati">
Bhati

Bhati is a clan of Gurjars, Rajputs and Jats found in South Asia.
Colonial depictions.
H.A. Rose, a member of the British Indian Civil Service and amateur ethnologist, described the Bhati in his "A Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab and North-West Frontier Province": 

</doc>
<doc id="2920661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920661" title="Tetraacetylethylenediamine">
Tetraacetylethylenediamine

Tetraacetylethylenediamine, commonly abbreviated TAED, is an organic compound with the formula (CH3C(O))2NCH2CH2N(C(O)CH3)2. Used as peroxide bleach activator for household detergents and for paper pulp. It is produced by acetylation of ethylenediamine. Although structurally and in abbreviation very similar to EDTA the two compounds should not be interchanged.
Use in laundry detergents and mechanism of action.
TAED is an important component of detergents and bleaches. Its is an activator for "active oxygen" bleaching agents. Such active oxygen bleaching agents release hydrogen peroxide during the wash cycle. Such agents include sodium perborate, sodium percarbonate, sodium perphosphate, sodium persulfate, and urea peroxide. The released hydrogen peroxide is an inefficient bleach below 40 °C, except in the presence of activators such as TAED.
The activation process entails a reaction of the hydrogen peroxide with TAED to release peracetic acid, which is a fast-acting bleaching agent:

</doc>
<doc id="2920663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920663" title="Vinh Airport">
Vinh Airport

Vinh Airport () is located in Vinh city of Nghe An province northern Vietnam. It is a mixed military/civil airport. It used to be one of the two major military airbases in Vietnam besides Gia Lam Airbase in Hanoi. 
In 2010, the airport handled 276,612 passengers and is expected to reach 530,000 passengers in 2011. During 2006-2010, the airport has seen the annual increase of passengers of around 60%. A new terminal with designed capacity of 2.5 million passengers per year and estimated cost of 700 million VND (around $ 35 million) is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="2920666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920666" title="London Club">
London Club

The London Club is an informal group of private creditors on the international stage, and is similar to the Paris Club of public lenders. The London Club is not the only informal group of private creditors. The first meeting of the London Club took place in 1976 in response to Zaire's debt payment problems.
The London Club is also the organization responsible for rescheduling debt payments made by countries to commercial banks.
Russia's London Club debt was US$ 21.2 billion, all restructured Soviet-era.

</doc>
<doc id="2920674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920674" title="Favara, Sicily">
Favara, Sicily

Favara is a town and "comune" of south central Sicily (Italy), in the province of Agrigento, east of Agrigento by road.
The town has a considerable agricultural trade, and there are sulfur and other mines in the neighborhood.
Main sights.
It possesses a Castle of the 11th- to 15th-century noble Chiaramonte family, erected in 1280.

</doc>
<doc id="2920683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920683" title="KV38">
KV38

KV38 is a tomb in the Valley of the Kings (Egypt) that was used for the reburial of Pharaoh Thutmose I of the Eighteenth dynasty, and was where his body was removed to (from KV20) by Thutmose III.

</doc>
<doc id="2920684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920684" title="Chief analytics officer">
Chief analytics officer

Chief analytics officer (CAO) is a job title for the senior manager responsible for the analysis of data within an organization, such as a listed company or an educational institution. The CAO often reports to the chief executive officer.
This position, along with that of chief information officer has risen to prominence due to the rise in information technology and data acquisition. The two positions are similar in that both deal with information, but the CIO focuses on the infrastructure required for maintaining and communicating information while the CAO focuses on the infrastructure required for generating and analyzing information. A similar position is that of the chief data officer (CDO); while the CDO focuses on data processing and maintenance, the CAO focuses on providing input into operational decisions on the basis of the analysis. As such, the CAO requires experience in statistical analysis and marketing, finance, or operations. The CAO may be a member of the board of directors of the organization, but this is dependent on the type of organization.
No specific qualification is typical of CAOs in general. Many have advanced degrees in mathematics, statistics, economics, econometrics, MBA with concentration in Analytical or Quantitative Methods but this is by no means universal. Many were analysts in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="2920690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920690" title="Axel Gustaf Gyllenkrok">
Axel Gustaf Gyllenkrok

Axel Gustaf Gyllenkrok (born July 14, 1783 in Gödelöv parish, Malmöhus County, southern Sweden, died May 18, 1865 in Lund) was a baron, zoology collector and philanthropist.
In 1830 he was elected member of the Swedish Academy of Science. He donated his zoological collections to Lund University in 1845. He also founded several institutions for children. He was considered a benefactor of science and was a generous philanthropist in his home region. 
Family.
He was the great-grandson (paternal) of military general Axel Gyllenkrok (1665–1730).

</doc>
<doc id="2920691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920691" title="Momentum investing">
Momentum investing

Momentum investing, also known as "fair weather investing," is a system of buying stocks or other securities that have had high returns over the past three to twelve months, and selling those that have had poor returns over the same period. It has been reported that this strategy yields average returns of 1% per month for the following 3–12 months as shown by Narasimhan Jegadeesh and Sheridan Titman.
While no consensus exists about the validity of this claim, economists have trouble reconciling this phenomenon, using the efficient-market hypothesis. Two main hypotheses have been submitted to explain the effect in terms of an efficient market. In the first, it is assumed that momentum investors bear significant risk for assuming this strategy, and, therefore, the high returns are a compensation for the risk. It has also been shown that momentum strategies involve disproportionately trading in stocks with high bid-ask spreads and so it is important to take transactions costs into account when evaluating momentum profitability. The second theory assumes that momentum investors are exploiting behavioral shortcomings in other investors, such as investor herding, investor over and underreaction, and confirmation bias.
Seasonal effects may help to explain some of the reason for success in the momentum investing strategy. If a stock has performed poorly for months leading up to the end of the year, investors may decide to sell their holdings for tax purposes. Increased supply of shares in the market drive its price down, causing others to sell. Once the reason for tax selling is eliminated, the stock's price tends to recover.
Some investors may react to the inefficient pricing of a stock caused by momentum investing by using the tool of arbitrage.
It is believed that George Soros used a variation of momentum investing by up bidding the price of already overvalued equities in the market for conglomerates in the 1960s and for real estate investment trusts in the 1970s. This strategy is termed positive feedback investing.
Richard Driehaus is widely considered the father of momentum investing. This Chicago money manager takes exception with the old stock market adage of buying low and selling high. According to him, "far more money is made buying high and selling at even higher prices." 
As computer and networking speeds increase each year, there are many sub-variants of momentum investing being deployed in the markets by computer driven models. Some of these operate on a very small time scale, such as high-frequency trading, which often execute dozens or even hundreds of trades per minute.

</doc>
<doc id="2920692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920692" title="First Chinese domination of Vietnam">
First Chinese domination of Vietnam

The first Chinese domination is a period in early Vietnamese history, during which Vietnam was under Chinese rule from the north. It is the first of four periods of Chinese domination of Vietnam, the first three of which are almost continuous and referred to as ("Northern domination").
In 111 BC the Han dynasty of China conquered the Nanyue kingdom during its expansion southward and incorporated what is now northern Vietnam, together with much of modern Guangdong and Guangxi, into the expanding Han empire. Vietnamese resistance to Han rule culminated in the rebellion of the Trưng Sisters, who expelled the Han in 39 AD and briefly ruled Vietnam until being defeated by the returning Han army in 43 AD.
Administration.
In 111 BC, the Han dynasty armies defeated the successors of Zhao Tuo (Triệu Đà) and incorporated Nanyue and former Âu Lạc into the Han empire under the new name of Jiaozhi (Giao Chi), dividing the former kingdom into nine commanderies:
All nine districts were administered from Long Biên (Longbian), near modern Hanoi; each ruled by a Chinese mandarin while the old system of low er rank rulers of Lac Hau, Lac Tuong were kept unchanged.
Economy.
The Vietnamese paid heavy tributes and taxes to the Hans. The Han mandarins tried to occupy large areas of land and changed them into Chinese style farms and brought Chinese peasants to work them. The Chinese attempted to impose Chinese culture, institutions, educational system, politics, language, art, music, architecture and religion on the Vietnamese, and imported Chinese administrators to replace the local nobility. However, implementation of a foreign administrative system and the Sinicization was not easy, frequent uprisings and rebellions were indicative of Vietnamese resistance to these changes.
Under foreign rule, the Vietnamese people had to adopt foreign writing system, but lost much of their spoken language, and their national identity.
The Hans were anxious to extend their control over the fertile Red River Delta, in part to serve as a convenient supply point for Han ships engaged in the growing maritime trade with South and Southeast Asia. During the first century of Chinese rule, Vietnam was governed leniently, and the Lạc lords maintained their feudal offices. In the first century A.D., however, the Han dynasty intensified its efforts to assimilate its new territories by raising taxes and instituting marriage reforms aimed at turning Vietnam into a patriarchal society more amenable to political authority.
History.
Historical accounts of the Triệu Dynasty.
There is a dispute as to whether the period of the Triệu dynasty was part of the first Chinese domination of Vietnam.
Trưng uprising.
In response to increasingly oppressive Han rule, a revolt broke out in Jiaozhi, Jiuzhen (Cửu Chân), and Rinan (Nhật Nam) in 39, led by Trưng Trắc, the wife of a Lạc lord named Thi Sách who had been put to death by Su Ding (Tô Định) governor of Jiaozhi, and her sister Trưng Nhị. The Trưng Sisters incited a victorious armed revolt against Han authorities, took over 65 cities. They were crowned the queens in 40, renaming the country Lĩnh Nam. This marked the end of the first Chinese domination of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="2920703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920703" title="Sweetbay Supermarket">
Sweetbay Supermarket

Sweetbay Supermarket was a chain of American supermarkets located entirely in Florida. The first Sweetbay Supermarket to open was in Seminole, Florida, in November 2004. The company was headquartered near Tampa, in unincorporated Hillsborough County, Florida, in the Tampa Bay Area, and was a part of the Belgian Delhaize Group. In May 2013 it was purchased by BI-LO. On October 8, 2013, BI-LO announced it was retiring the Sweetbay name and all remaining locations would be re-branded as Winn-Dixie.
Kash n' Karry history.
Salvatore Greco, an Italian immigrant, sold fruits and vegetables in the streets of Tampa beginning in 1914. In 1922, he and his wife Giuseppina opened a storefront at their home. The Greco family built a proper store in 1947 under the name Big Barn in Plant City, Florida. The business expanded and they had opened nine stores by 1960 with the name of Tampa Wholesale. In 1962, the name changed again to Kash n' Karry, based on the cash and carry program of World War II. People would bring in their "cash" and "carry" out their own groceries. They left out nonessential parts of supermarkets like contests, customer service representatives, and samples.
Kash n' Karry was acquired by Lucky Stores of California in 1979. After American Stores acquired Lucky in 1988, it sold Kash n' Karry to leveraged buyout firm Gibbons, Green, and van Amerongen. As the buyout was being completed, Kash n' Karry bought 24 Florida Choice supermarkets from Kroger, who was closing the chain. On the dissolution of Gibbons, Green, Leonard Green & Partners became the controlling stockholder. Kash n' Karry filed for bankruptcy in 1994.
Kash n' Karry held an IPO in 1995. In December 1996, Kash n' Karry became a wholly owned subsidiary of Food Lion, the American division of Delhaize Group. In July 2000, after Food Lion's acquisition of Hannaford, the holding company Delhaize America, Inc., was created. As a result, Kash n' Karry became a wholly owned subsidiary of Delhaize America.
In 2002, Kash n' Karry pulled out of the competitive Orlando market with only two stores remaining in Clermont, Florida; 25 miles west of Orlando. These two stores--later re-branded as Sweetbay were closed in mid-2013. Two of three stores were closed in Gainesville, Florida.
On Wednesday, August 29, 2007, news reports said that the last Kash n' Karry store in Crystal River, Florida, closed, marking the end of the Kash n' Karry brand and the full conversion to Sweetbay Supermarket.
Sweetbay history.
In January 2004, after years of slumping sales growth, Kash n' Karry announced the creation and roll out of a new supermarket concept called Sweetbay Supermarket in its core markets on the West Coast of Florida. By September 2007, all Kash n' Karry stores were redesigned as Sweetbay Supermarkets. The first of the new Sweetbay Supermarkets opened in Seminole, Florida, on November 6, 2004, and in Fort Myers in December 2004.
In 2008, Sweetbay became the official supermarket of the Tampa Bay Rays baseball club.
In January 2013, Sweetbay announced that 33 stores would close, leaving the chain with 72 stores. The closings were attributed to competition from regional grocery chain Publix and national chain Walmart.
In May 2013, Sweetbay and its sister supermarket chains Harveys and Reid's were sold to BI-LO LLC for $265 million. Also included in the transaction were leases to 10 Sweetbay locations that closed in January 2013.
On October 8, 2013, BI-LO announced it would retire the Sweetbay brand, and rename all Sweetbay locations to Winn-Dixie.
Relationship to Hannaford.
In 2002, management and supply chain at Kash n' Karry was transferred to sister chain Hannaford in hopes of repairing Kash n' Karry's performance, which ultimately led to the creation of Sweetbay. When Sweetbay was created, it was modeled after Hannaford, incorporating store design, logo/branding elements, and pricing strategy from its northeastern sister company. Additionally, Sweetbay stocked Hannaford-branded products as its generic store brand until 2011, when all Delhaize America stores began offering the Healthy Accents brand (for health & beauty items), the Home 360 brand (for home products) and the My Essentials brand (for food products).
On March 17, 2008, Hannaford Supermarkets announced a data intrusion that resulted in the theft of customer credit and debit card numbers. No personal information, such as names or addresses, was accessed. The intrusion affected Hannaford stores, Sweetbay stores in Florida and certain independently owned retail locations in the Northeast that carry Hannaford products. They say they are aware of about 1,800 cases of fraud related to the data intrusion and about 4.2 million unique account numbers were exposed.

</doc>
<doc id="2920705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920705" title="Peg wooden doll">
Peg wooden doll

Peg wooden dolls also known as Dutch dolls are a type of wooden doll from Germany and the Netherlands. They originated as simple lathe turned dolls from the Val Gardena in the Alps. These dolls were sold undressed. Young girls would then make their clothing from scraps of fabric.
Other similarly constructed wooden dolls, using a jointing technique where the arms and/or legs are attached to the body with pegs, are some of the oldest surviving dolls, and were made worldwide. Sometimes a peg wooden doll's arms or legs are locked together by the jointing system, so if one arm is moved the other will move. An advanced form of peg joints is where the body pegs are "split" and attached separately allowing independent movement.
"Tuck comb dolls" are a special style of peg wooden doll, named for their carved hair comb. The head and body is turned as one piece. The hair is usually painted with curled bangs and with a painted comb. Early tuck comb dolls had elongated, graceful proportions, nicely carved details, painted slippers, and sometimes with wood pendant earrings. Some dressed as merchants were called "pedlar dolls".
Florence Kate Upton illustrated a children's book entitled "The Adventures of Two Dutch Dolls and a Golliwogg".
The Museum Gherdëina displays a rich collection of Dutch dolls of all sizes.
In the "Night Terrors" episode of the British series "Doctor Who", the doll monsters are called "Peg Dolls" although they only slightly resemble traditional peg wooden dolls.

</doc>
<doc id="2920706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920706" title="KV18">
KV18

Tomb KV18, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was intended for the burial of Pharaoh Ramesses X of the Twentieth Dynasty; however, because it was apparently abandoned while still incomplete and since no funerary equipment has ever found there, it is uncertain whether it was actually used for his burial. 
The tomb consists of an entryway and two sections of corridor separated by gates. The entryway was used by Howard Carter in the early 20th century as the site of the Valley's first electricity generator; he also had some of the corridor walls whitewashed. After penetrating the hillside for a distance of some 43 metres, it ends at the rock face into which a series of rough steps have been carved. 
Very little is known about this tomb, and the final section of corridor was properly cleared of the voluminous flood débris filling it only recently. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920711" title="Jean-Claude Wicky">
Jean-Claude Wicky

Jean-Claude Wicky (born 1946 in Moutier, Switzerland) is a photographer noted for his series on Bolivian miners (1984–2001). His photos have been exhibited at the Swiss Foundation for Photography, the Musée de l'Élysée in Lausanne, and the Minneapolis Institute of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2920719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920719" title="Stilbaai">
Stilbaai

Stilbaai, also known as the "Bay of Sleeping Beauty", is a town along the southern coast of South Africa about four hours by car from Cape Town. It is part of the Hessequa Local Municipality in the Western Cape province. Alternate spellings of the town's name include "Stillbay", "Stilbay" and "Stillbaai".
The town hosts a variety of B&B lodges and a friendly warm coast for surfing and swimming. During the peak of summer the warm waters at times become packed with blue bottles (a stinging sea creature also known as a Portuguese Man-of-War) when an easterly wind is blowing and the chance of being stung by one is high.
Climate.
Stilbaai has a temperate climate and receives almost the same amount of rainfall in all four seasons, with peaks in autumn and spring.
Temperature averages between 20° and 28° Celsius in the summer and between 12° and 20° Celsius in the winter. Rainfall is 639,2 mm per annum on average.
Nature.
Stilbaai owns a large selection of nature reserves. To the east is Pauline Bohnen Nature Reserve, a large reserve with various hiking routes. The Skulpiesbaai Nature Reserve is situated near the harbour and reaches up to the "Noordkapperpunt" fishponds. The Geelkrants Nature Reserve is situated next to the "Pulpit".
Stilbaai is host to a number of interesting archaeological sites, including ancient fish traps thought to have been built by early ancestors of the Khoi people of the Southern Cape, and a shell landfill that has been carbon dated to around 1000 BC.
Another archaeological site is situated in a group of caves at Blombos cave, about 12 kilometers from Stilbaai. Artifacts found at Blombos have been carbon dated to around 77,000 BP, making it the oldest known human settlement today.

</doc>
<doc id="2920724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920724" title="Jason Taylor (American football)">
Jason Taylor (American football)

Jason Paul Taylor (born September 1, 1974) is a former American football defensive end and linebacker who spent a majority of his career for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). Over the course of his 15-year career, Taylor played for the Dolphins on three separate occasions (1997–2007, 2009, 2011), and also played a season each for the Washington Redskins (2008) and New York Jets (2010). Taylor holds the sixth all-time career sacks record with 139.5 sacks, is the all-time leader in fumble return touchdowns with 6, while his 246 fumble return yards are the second highest total in NFL history. He officially announced his retirement on December 28, 2011.
Taylor was a four-year letterman and three-year starter for the University of Akron before being drafted in the third round, thirteenth pick (73rd overall), in the 1997 NFL Draft by Miami.
A six-time Pro Bowl selection, Taylor was named the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2006.
Early years.
Jason Taylor grew up around Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and played high school football for Woodland Hills High School. Taylor is one of the many players to reach the NFL from the successful football program led by coach George Novak at Woodland Hills.
College career.
Taylor was a four-year letterman and three-year starter for the University of Akron. He recorded 279 tackles, 21 sacks, seven fumbles recovered, and three interceptions in his college career. He was a two-time First-Team All-Mid-American Conference selection as a junior and senior, as well as an All-America pick as a junior. As a junior he played weakside linebacker and moved to left defensive end as a senior. In 1996 he earned National Defensive Player of the Week honors for his performance against Virginia Tech when he posted 12 tackles, two sacks, two fumble recoveries, three stops for loss and tackled a punt returner in the end zone for a safety.
Taylor also started for the basketball team at the University of Akron. In 2004, he became the third person ever inducted into Akron's Ring of Honor. He majored in political science/criminal justice.
Professional career.
First stint with Dolphins.
Taylor was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third Round (73rd pick overall) of the 1997 NFL Draft. Taylor signed a four-year deal worth approximately $1.3 million in July 1997. From there he established himself as one of the premier defensive ends in the league. He became a starter in his rookie season and recorded five sacks and forced two fumbles.
The following season, 1998, Taylor recorded nine sacks and the 6'6" Taylor batted away eight passes. In 1999 Taylor grabbed the first of his eight career NFL interceptions.
2000–2003.
On April 15, 2000, Taylor, a restricted free agent, received a one-year tender that earned him $1.027 million in 2000. Taylor responded with 73-tackles, 14.5-sacks, and 6-passes batted for the Dolphins that season. His performance was rewarded with his first selection to the Pro Bowl.
A year later, on July 24, 2001, he signed a six-year, $42 million contract to remain with the Dolphins. The new contract replaced the one-year, $5.39 million deal the Dolphins tendered Taylor in February, 2001, when he was designated their franchise player. In 2001 Taylor recorded 71 tackles (seven for a loss), 8.5 sacks and swatted away eight passes.
In 2002 Taylor led the NFL and tied the Dolphin team record for sacks with 18.5. He also forced seven fumbles and knocked down eight more passes to go with his 69 tackles. He was a consensus All-Pro selection and returned to the Pro Bowl. The next season (2003) Taylor followed up his All-Pro performances with a 13-sack season.
2004–2005.
On March 1, 2004, the Dolphins, in an effort to create more salary cap space, agreed to a three-year contract extension with Taylor. The extension put Taylor under contract through the 2009 season. The new deal (which replaced his 6-year, $42 million contract that was scheduled to expire in 2006) was worth $45 million over the 2004-2009 seasons, including nearly $10 million guaranteed in 2004. In 2004 Taylor had 68 tackles, 9.5 sacks, batted 11 passes and picked off a pass. He followed that up with a 73-tackle, 12-sack showing in 2005. He also knocked down 10 passes and forced four fumbles.
2006.
Taylor enjoyed one of the best years of his career in 2006 when he recorded 13.5 sacks, 9 forced fumbles, 2 fumble recoveries, and two interceptions (both of which were returned for touchdowns), an effort which resulted in his selection as the 2006 NFL Defensive Player of the Year. On January 5, 2007, Taylor received twenty-two votes from a panel of fifty sportswriters and broadcasters who cover the NFL. Taylor beat Denver Broncos cornerback Champ Bailey, who received sixteen votes. Shawne Merriman received six votes, and the winner of the award in 2005, Brian Urlacher of the Chicago Bears, received four votes. Taylor was also named a consensus All-Pro for the second time in his career.
2007.
In 2007 Taylor reached double-digits in sacks for the sixth time in his career and picked off another pass. Five of his FRs he has returned for TDs, which is an NFL record shared with former Atlanta Falcons linebacker Jessie Tuggle. With eight career defensive TDs (three on INT returns, five on FR returns), Taylor is the all-time leader in defensive touchdowns scored by a defensive lineman. He has also registered two career safeties and has two career field goal blocks.
In 2007 Taylor was voted to the All-time Miami Dolphins team in a poll of Dolphins fans. He was a First-team selection at defensive end along with Bill Stanfill.
Washington Redskins.
Miami Dolphins General Manager Jeff Ireland admitted that there were trade discussions regarding veteran defensive end Taylor. Jacksonville Jaguars coach Jack Del Rio acknowledged speaking to the Dolphins about Taylor, "They had a certain price in mind and nobody in the league was interested in that price". On Monday April 28, 2008, "The Miami Herald" reported that Dolphin President Bill Parcells is displeased that Taylor skipped the Dolphins voluntary off-season workouts and that when "Taylor walked into a room where Parcells was watching tape, and Parcells ignored him". Taylor was reportedly "incensed". Ireland, on Sunday, April 27, 2008, said that the Dolphins want Taylor back for the 2008 season and regard him as a team leader.
On Saturday, April 26, 2008, The "St. Petersburg Times" reported that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers had agreed to trade at least a second round pick, and perhaps others, to the Dolphins for Taylor. However, when the second round pick was traded to Jacksonville, the paper removed the story from its website. Buccaneers coach Jon Gruden, when asked about trade talks stated, “There have been some trade rumors and I don’t think we’re any different than anybody else. When you’re talking about high-profile players, we’re going to pick up the phone and see what’s going on. It’s part of our job.”
On July 20, 2008, Taylor was traded to the Washington Redskins for a second-round pick in 2009 and a sixth-round pick in 2010. The trade came after the Redskins lost two defensive ends - Phillip Daniels and Alex Buzbee - to season-ending injuries on the first day of training camp.
On March 2, 2009, Taylor was released by the Washington Redskins for refusing to participate in off-season conditioning programs claiming he wanted to be closer to his family in Florida.
Second stint with Dolphins.
On May 13, 2009, Taylor signed a one-year deal with the Miami Dolphins for $1.1 million with $400,000 in incentives. On November 1, Taylor set the NFL record for most fumble returns for a touchdown with a 48-yard return against the Dolphins' rivals, the New York Jets.
New York Jets.
Taylor signed with the New York Jets on April 20, 2010. On September 19, 2010 he sacked New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, giving him 128.5 sacks in his career, the 10th most in NFL history. With 132.5 sacks at the end of the regular season, he was tied for 8th most sacks in a career with Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor and defensive end Leslie O'Neal. On January 23, 2011 Taylor played in his first Conference Championship game in his productive 14-year career but only recorded 2 tackles while the Jets lost 24-19 against the Pittsburgh Steelers, falling one game short of the Super Bowl for the second straight year.
After a subpar season with the team, the Jets released Taylor on February 28, 2011.
Third stint with Dolphins.
On August 1, 2011, Taylor signed with the Miami Dolphins for a third stint. During a loss to the Philadelphia Eagles Jason Taylor sacked Michael Vick twice giving him six sacks on the year, and also giving him the sixth most sacks in NFL history with 138.5, just ahead of Hall of Famers John Randle and Richard Dent.
Retirement and Broadcasting Career.
On December 28, 2011, Taylor announced that he would retire at the end of the 2011 season. He played his final game on January 1, 2012 in a win against the New York Jets. In the game Taylor nearly returned a fumble for a touchdown, before the score was overruled.
Jason appeared as a guest analyst for NFL Live on June 6, 2011. On June 6, 2012 it was announced that Jason Taylor would join ESPN as an analyst. Taylor will contribute to NFL Live, SportsCenter, NFL32 and Sunday and Monday NFL Countdown.
Awards.
Taylor has won numerous awards throughout his career, including the 2006 NFL Defensive Player of the Year award and the 2007 Walter Payton Man of the Year Award, the only league honor that recognizes both on-field achievements and off-the-field contributions. Taylor is also a six-time Pro Bowl selection (2000, 2002, 2004–2007), a four-time First or Second Team All-Pro (2000–2002, 2006), a two-time NFL Alumni Association Defensive Lineman of the Year (2005, 2006), and the NFL Alumni Association Pass Rusher of the Year (2000).
Taylor has also won the "AFC Defensive Player of the Week" Award seven times which is fifth most ever by a defensive player, for the following performances:
Along with winning seven "AFC Defensive Player of the Week" Awards, Taylor has also won three "NFC/AFC Defensive Player of the Month" Awards which is the third most ever by a defensive player (trailing only Bruce Smith and John Randle) for the following performances:
Taylor has also won numerous team awards, including the Dolphins Newcomer of the Year Award (1997), the "Dan Marino" Team MVP Award a record four times (2000, 2002, 2004, 2006), and the "Don Shula" Team Leadership Award twice (2002, 2006).
Personal.
His wife Katina is the sister of former teammate and fellow All-Pro Zach Thomas. Taylor shares the same birthday with Thomas, although Taylor is one year younger. Taylor has three children: sons Isaiah and Mason, and daughter Zoey. Katina Taylor filed for divorce twice in 2006, citing irreconcilable differences and asking for custody of the children, but both times she withdrew the petitions.
Coincidentally, in 2008 when both Taylor and Thomas left the Dolphins for opposite sides of the Cowboys–Redskins rivalry, both changed their jersey numbers to 55, after wearing numbers 99 and 54 respectively with the Dolphins. While Thomas changed to number 55 for obvious reasons (Bobby Carpenter already has possession of number 54 in Dallas), Taylor decided to change his number after a discussion with his wife to start a new chapter with the Redskins. Although fellow defensive end Andre Carter - who wears number 99 with the Redskins - was willing to let Taylor have the number, Taylor didn't press the issue, wanting to "let 99 stay in Miami".
Foundation.
In 2004 Taylor and his wife Katina founded the Jason Taylor Foundation with the goal of improving the lives of children in South Florida. The Foundation has accomplished much in a short time, including launching the Jason Taylor Reading Room, an after-school program aimed at increasing literacy among inner city children; renaming the Holtz Children's Hospital's learning center as "The Jason Taylor Children's Learning Center;" providing eleven sixth grade students with college scholarships through the Take Stock in Children organization; creating the "Big Screens-Big Dreams" program to screen inspirational films for hundreds of student-athletes; and furnishing 60 children with $300 back-to-school shopping certificates as part of the "Cool Gear for the School Year" program.
Jason has also partnered with the Invicta Watch Group and its CEO; Eyal Lalo on a number of charitable ventures and was given the opportunity to create a collection of limited edition of watches, "As a watch enthusiast and collector, I am excited to be partnering with Invicta on the development and launch of my collection of watches".
Taylor has been widely recognized for his charitable work. In addition to winning the 2007 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award, he has been named twice as one of "The Sporting News" "Good Guys" and was honored by CBS Sports' James Brown with a JB Award, given annually to NFL players who have demonstrated a commitment to building better communities and stronger families.

</doc>
<doc id="2920727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920727" title="Wallace High School, Stirling">
Wallace High School, Stirling

Wallace High School in Causewayhead, Stirling, Scotland.
It was founded in 1971 to serve northern and north-eastern Stirling. The University of Stirling is in close proximity, and the school has formed strong links with the institution. Wallace High School is one of seven secondary schools in the Stirling Council area.
In 2008 the school moved from its initial location on Dumyat Road to a new building on Airthrey Road which was funded by a public private partnership. The old site will be used for a new housing development.
The school has roughly 916 pupils and operates a house system. The three houses are Airthrey, Logie and Powis, which are both for social and administrative purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="2920731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920731" title="KV16">
KV16

Tomb KV16, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Ramesses I of the Nineteenth Dynasty. It was discovered by Giovanni Belzoni in October 1817. 
As Ramesses I ruled for less than two years, his tomb is rather truncated (only twenty-nine metres long), consisting of two descending staircases, linking a sloping corridor and leading to the burial chamber. Like the tomb of Horemheb (KV57), the tomb is decorated with the "Book of Gates." The sarcophagus, still in place in the final chamber, is constructed of red quartzite. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920732" title="California Democratic Party v. Jones">
California Democratic Party v. Jones

California Democratic Party v. Jones, 530 U.S. 567 (2000), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that California's blanket primary violates a political party's First Amendment freedom of association.
Prior history.
In California, candidates for public office can gain access to the general ballot by winning a qualified political party's primary. In 1996, voter approved Proposition 198 changed California's partisan primary from a closed primary, in which only a political party's members can vote on its nominees, to a blanket primary, in which each voter's ballot lists every candidate regardless of party affiliation and allows the voter to choose freely among them. The candidate of each party who wins the most votes is that party's nominee for the general election. A blanket primary differs from an open primary in that in an open primary, even though voters are not required to declare party affiliation and are given a ballot listing all candidates of all parties, the voter is restricted to voting for the candidates of only one party for all races on the ballot. In a blanket primary, the voter is free to cross party lines from one race to the next. The California Democratic Party, the California Republican Party, the Libertarian Party of California, and the Peace and Freedom Party have historically prohibited nonmembers from voting in their party's primary. Each political party filed suit against Bill Jones, the California Secretary of State, alleging that the blanket primary violated their First Amendment right of association. Jones countered that a blanket primary will intensify the election and allow for better representation in elected office. Siding with Jones, District Judge David F. Levi (now Dean of Duke Law School) held that the primary's burden on the parties' associational rights was not severe and was justified by substantial state interests. The Court of Appeals affirmed.
Case.
"California Democratic Party v. Jones" presented the following question: Does California's voter-approved Proposition 198, which changes its partisan primary from a closed primary to a blanket primary, violate political parties' First Amendment right of association?
In a 7-2 opinion delivered by Justice Antonin Scalia, the Court held that California's blanket primary violates a political party's First Amendment right of association. "Proposition 198 forces political parties to associate with—to have their nominees, and hence their positions, determined by—those who, at best, have refused to affiliate with the party, and, at worst, have expressly affiliated with a rival," wrote Justice Antonin Scalia for the majority. "A single election in which the party nominee is selected by nonparty members could be enough to destroy the party." Justice Scalia went on to state for the Court that Proposition 198 takes away a party's "basic function" to choose its own leaders and is functionally "both severe and unnecessary."
Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented. Stevens wrote: "This Court's willingness to invalidate the primary schemes of 3 States and cast serious constitutional doubt on the schemes of 29 others at the parties' behest is an extraordinary intrusion into the complex and changing election laws of the States."

</doc>
<doc id="2920737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920737" title="Medvednica">
Medvednica

Mèdvednica () is a mountain in central Croatia, just north of Zagreb and marking the southern border of the historic region of Zagorje. The highest peak, at 1,035 m, is Sljeme. Most of the area of Medvednica is a nature park ("park prirode"), a type of preservation lesser than a national park. The area of the park is 228.26 square kilometers and about 63% is covered with forest.
Etymology.
The name Medvednica could be translated as "bear mountain", there being other toponyms on the mountain using the kajkavian dialect term "medved" (standard Croatian "medvjed" = bear), notably Medvedgrad, a medieval castle on its southwestern edges. 
Sljeme () ("Sleme" in Kajkavian dialect) means "summit", and is a name often used to refer to the entire mountain.
Climate.
The climate on the Medvednica mountain is typical for Central European mountain ranges. The average annual precipitation is around 1300 mm (Zagreb - Grič 840 mm), also the reason for rich spring wells everywhere. The average annual temperature is around 7 °C (Zagreb 12 °C). There is a snow cover approximately for 100 days in a year, the thickest being in February, leaving the skiing slopes also covered with artificial snow when necessary. There is much more sunshine during the winter on Medvednica than in Zagreb or Zagorje, so it is not surprising that winter is the most visited season on the Medvednica mountain.
Medvednica, in comparison to the surrounding lowland area, behaves as an "island" in its climate characteristics, with more precipitation, lower temperatures, duration and quantity of snow cover. Medvednica area is located in temperature zone where air temperature decreases for 0.5 °C for every 100 meters elevation. According to characteristics of annual rate of precipitation, Medvednica is characterized with continental precipitation regime with maximal precipitation during the warm part of the year (IV-IX month).
Temperature.
During summer one can find pleasant refreshment on Medvednica and during winter temperature inversion is sometimes present. Anticyclone forms above the cold continent during winter. When its center is close, it is cold and gloomy in Zagreb and on Sljeme it is warmer. Mean annual air temperature on Medvednica is 6.2 °C and in Zagreb 11.4 °C. Mean temperature in summer months is on average 6 °C lower than it is in Zagreb.
On average there are 15 days with temperature below −10 °C, 8 days a year have average daily maximum higher than 25 °C, and only one day above 30 °C. The coldest month is January with mean monthly air temperature −3.1 °C. The warmest month is July with average temperature 15.2 °C. Insolation is much bigger than the one in Zagreb, about 100 hours annually. This difference is present during the colder period of the year, from October to March, when there is more fog in Zagreb. More clear skies on Medvednica than in the city are a good reason for pleasant winter excursions.
Precipitation.
Relative air moisture is largest during the cold part of the year, and generally is larger on stations with higher altitude because of lower temperatures, but luxuriant vegetation. Number of days with relative moisture above 80% is greatest on Puntijarka (158 days annually), and it decreases with the decrease in elevation, for example on station Zagreb-Grič it is 67 days annually. On all stations the most thunderstorm days are in the warm part of the year (from April to September), when they are often connected to showers. These thunderstorm days occur in June (Puntijarka 7).
Annual precipitation on Medvednica is about 50% higher in comparison to Zagreb (Zagreb 844 mm, Sljeme 1238 mm, Kraljičin zdenac 1159 mm, Faculty goods 1142 mm). Average number of days with hoar is 40 (Zagreb 4). Mean annual number of days with snowfall on the top of Medvednica, most usually in January and February, is 54 days. 
The Number of days with strong wind is 91 (Zagreb 26) and they are more frequent during the cold part of the year, and the number of days with storm wind is 21 (Zagreb 2), also during the cold part of the year. Forests of Medvednica have been heavily stricken by a catastrophic ice break which devastated forests (mainly beech) in November 1980, and later, in February 1983 large devastations occurred as a result of strong wing (large damage on fir). Effects of such a strong wind can still be seen in the area of Adolfovac.
Winter sports center.
There is a winter sports center on the northern slopes towards Sljeme. The center has hosted several FIS World Cup slalom skiing races, known as the Snow Queen Trophy.
The winter sports center consists of one chairlift for three persons and two T-bar lifts. Equipment for producing artificial snow has been added, and because of that the skiing season has been prolonged to more than four months. There are three ways to reach the mountain: by road (with a car or a bus) or on foot (there are numerous mountain paths). In the past there was a gondola lift present, which started from the Gračani neighborhood just below Medvednica. The cable car has run from 1963 to 2007, when a major fault in the engine room made repairs economically impossible. The gondola had a capacity for four people, with a 23 minute journey time, covering a distance of 4023 m. The new gondola lift will use the existing route extended by 3 kilometers. It will become operational no earlier than 2015.
On Medvednica there are dozen of mountain huts for traditional one-day trips in the mountain. Because of its proximity to Zagreb, Medvednica has many visitors, especially during weekends. Among the most popular sites is the Veternica cave with a 2,622 meters long main channel.

</doc>
<doc id="2920738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920738" title="Style investing">
Style investing

Style investing is an investment approach in which rotation among different "styles" is supposed to be important for successful investing. As opposed to investing in individual securities, style investors can decide to make portfolio allocation decisions by placing their money in broad categories of assets, such as "large-cap", "growth", "international", or "emerging markets".
Style investing is of interest to economists because it serves as a useful framework for identifying anomalous price movements in stocks, such as those observed when a stock is added or removed from the S&P 500 index.
Style investing is the study of asset prices in an economy where some investors classify risky assets into different styles and move funds back and forth between these styles depending on their relative performance.
The fundamental basis for this trading method comes from classification: the grouping of objects into categories. “Categorization simplifies our thinking, and enables us to process vast amounts of information reasonably efficiently. Mullainathan (2000) provides an innovative analysis of the implications of categorization for decision making.”
Classification of large numbers of stocks into categories is widespread in financial markets. Traders classify assets as liquid securities such as stocks and bonds. They may also do the same with illiquid securities, such as real estate and venture capital. Stocks may be classified as domestic or international, small or large, growth or value, “old economy" or “new economy", cyclical or non-cyclical. Such groups of securities are often called “asset classes" or “styles”. Portfolio allocation based on selection among styles rather than among individual securities is known as “style investing."
The focus on styles enables institutional investors to organize and simplify their portfolio allocation decisions, as well as to measure and evaluate the performance of professional managers relative to standardized style benchmarks.
Investors often allocate funds at the level of asset categories. The implications of this action in financial markets results in category-based investing, making stocks move together.
The investment problem faced by traders when they allocate our money across individual stocks is complex. They need a method to split their wealth across the thousands of different stocks out there. Investors often make decisions at the level of asset categories. They can split stocks into categories of small-cap, mid-cap, large-cap, value, growth, technology stocks, utility stocks, and so on, and then allocate their money across these different categories. Investment categories are sometimes called “styles”.
Classification.
“When classifying securities into styles, investors group together assets that appear to be similar, in the sense that they are perceived to have a common characteristic.” A characteristic can be an obvious one such as “the country in which the security is traded, the industry in which the firm operates, or a permanent legal characteristic.” Other times, a less obvious characteristic is used as the basis for a style, such as securities with that characteristic are found to have performed well historically. “Value investing" in equities emerged as a distinctive style over the last century following the work of Graham and Dodd (1934) on high dividend yield stocks, and the spectacular performance of some of the investors who followed their advice.”
Other characteristics used to define styles are based on fundamental values. For example, “U.S. government bonds are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, and hence as an asset class provide a good guarantee against financial trauma.” 
Comovement and Returns.
Style investing generates co-movement between individual assets and their styles. The momentum and reversals in both style and asset returns. “High co-movement winner (loser) portfolios have significantly higher (lower) future returns than low co-movement winner (loser) portfolios. Long-horizon reversals are also larger for high co-movement portfolios.” “The magnitude of the improvement in three-factor alphas from traditional momentum strategies is large, almost 5 percent per year.” These results suggest that style investing plays an important role in the predictability of returns.
Barberis and Shleifer present a model where investors allocate funds based on the relative performance of investment styles. This model generates a rich set of predictions. “They show that style investing generates excess (too little) co-movement of assets within (across) styles than warranted by fundamentals, implying that reclassification of assets into a new style raises co-movement with respect to that style.” When a stock is added to the S&P 500 index, its co-movement with the index increases while its co-movement with stocks outside of the index declines.
Style-based investing can “generate momentum in individual asset returns at intermediate horizons and reversals at longer horizons.” In their words, “If an asset performed well last period, there is a good chance that the outperformance was due to the asset’s being a member of a “hot” style…If so, the style is likely to keep attracting inflows from switchers next period, making it likely that the asset itself also does well next period” 

</doc>
<doc id="2920742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920742" title="Fermo">
Fermo

Fermo (ancient: Firmum Picenum) is a town and "comune" of the Marche, Italy, in the Province of Fermo.
Fermo is on a hill, the Sabulo, elevation , on a branch from Porto San Giorgio on the Adriatic coast railway.
History.
The great antiquity of the city is attested by the remains of its cyclopean walls. The ancient Firmum Picenum was founded as a Latin colony, consisting of 6000 men, in 264 BC, after the conquest of the Picentes, as the local headquarters of the Roman power, to which it remained faithful. It was originally governed by five quaestors. It was made a colony with full rights after the battle of Philippi, the 4th Legion being settled there. It lay at the junction of roads to Pausulae, Urbs Salvia, and Asculum, connected to the coast road by a short branch road from Castellum Firmanum (Porto S. Giorgio).
With the Pentapolis, in the 8th century it passed under the authority of the Holy See was thenceforth subject to the vicissitudes of the March of Ancona. In the 10th century it became the capital of the Marchia Firmana. Under the predecessors of Honorius III (1216–27) the bishops of city became prince-bishops, first with the secular rights of counts, and later as princes of Fermo.
In 1199 it became a free city, and remained independent until 1550, when it was annexed to the Papal States.
In the contest between the Hohenstaufen and the papacy, Fermo was besieged and captured several times; in 1176 by Archbishop Christian of Mainz, in 1192 by Emperor Henry Vl, in 1208 by Marcuald, Duke of Ravenna, in 1241 by Emperor Frederick II, and in 1245 by Manfred of Sicily. After this it was governed by different lords, who ruled as more or less legitimate vassals of the Holy See, e.g. the Monteverdi, Giovanni Visconti and Francesco Sforza (banished 1446), Oliverotto Euffreducci (murdered in 1503 by Cesare Borgia), who was succeeded by his son Ludovico, killed at the battle of Montegiorgio in 1520, when Fermo became again directly subjected to the Holy See.
Fermo is now the capital city of the new province of Fermo, effective since 2009.
Attractions.
The near municipality of Porto San Giorgio has a fine castle of 1269, blocking the valley that leads to Fermo.
"Frazioni".
Camera, Cantagallo, Capodarco, Cartiera di Tenna, Campiglione, Ete Palazzina, Faleriense, Gabbiano, Girola, Lido di Fermo, Madonnetta d'Ete, Marina Palmense, Moie, Molini Tenna, Montesecco, Parete, Pompeiana, Ponte Ete Vivo, Sacri Cuori, Salette, Salvano, San Biagio, San Lorenzo, San Marco, San Michele, San Tommaso, Santa Caterina, Torre di Palme, Villa San Claudio

</doc>
<doc id="2920744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920744" title="My Favorite Wife">
My Favorite Wife

My Favorite Wife (released in the U.K. as My Favourite Wife) is a 1940 screwball comedy produced and co-written by Leo McCarey and directed by Garson Kanin. The picture stars Irene Dunne as a woman who returns to her husband and children after being shipwrecked on a tropical island for several years, and Cary Grant as her husband. The story is an adaptation of Alfred Lord Tennyson's poem "Enoch Arden"; in tribute, the main characters' last name is Arden. The supporting cast features Gail Patrick as the woman Grant's character has just married when his actual wife abruptly turns up and Randolph Scott as the man with whom his wife had been trapped on the island.
Plot.
After seven years, lawyer Nick Arden (Cary Grant) has his wife Ellen (Irene Dunne), missing since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca (Gail Patrick). It turns out however that Ellen was merely shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been rescued. When she returns home, she learns that Nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife.
When Ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss as to how to break the news to Bianca. He keeps putting off the unpleasant business. Meanwhile, Bianca becomes frustrated by Nick's odd behavior (especially the non-consummation of their marriage) and calls in a psychiatrist, Dr. Kohlmar (Pedro de Cordoba). Further complications ensue when an insurance adjuster (Hugh O'Connell) mentions to Nick a rumor that Ellen was not alone on the island, but had the company of a Stephen Burkett (Randolph Scott) and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve". When Nick confronts Ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman (an uncredited Chester Clute) to pretend to be Stephen, but Nick has already tracked down the real, appallingly virile and handsome Stephen (Randolph Scott). 
Nick tries to explain the situation to Bianca and a psychiatrist she has asked to help her, Dr. Kohlmar, but they do not believe him ... until he is arrested on a charge of bigamy. In court, Judge Bryson (Granville Bates), the same judge who had Ellen declared legally dead and also married Nick and Bianca, annuls the second marriage. By this time, Ellen is no longer sure of Nick's feelings for her. Stephen asks her to marry him and return with him to the island, but she still loves Nick. In the end, Nick and Ellen are reconciled.
Reception.
The film was a big hit and made a profit of $505,000.
Awards.
The film was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Story, Best Score and Best Art Direction by Van Nest Polglase and Mark-Lee Kirk.
Remake.
20th Century Fox began filming a 1962 remake starring Marilyn Monroe, Dean Martin, and Cyd Charisse under the working title of "Something's Got to Give", which was to be directed by George Cukor. There were problems from the beginning, mostly due to Monroe's failure to show up on time for work. Monroe was fired and Martin backed out when the studio attempted to recast Monroe's role with Lee Remick. Following Monroe's death in August 1962, Doris Day and James Garner were cast, and the new version, extremely faithful to the old one, was released by Fox as "Move Over, Darling" (1963). A recreation of surviving footage cobbled from the unfinished "Something's Got to Give" exists, along with some scenes reshot with Remick.

</doc>
<doc id="2920748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920748" title="WUOM">
WUOM

WUOM (91.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Ann Arbor, Michigan, licensed to the University of Michigan. The station is known as "Michigan Radio: Your NPR News Station", and currently airs news and talk programming. 
History.
The University of Michigan applied to the FCC on September 11, 1944 for a station at 43.1 FM (part of a band of frequencies used for testing of Frequency Modulation) with a power of 50,000 watts. At the time an assignment on the new FM band was seen as a significant disadvantage. 
The FCC granted a license for WUOM (for University Of Michigan) at 91.7 in the brand new FM band; the station went on the air in 1948. WUOM's signal covers most of Southeastern Michigan, including Metro Detroit (where the station has somewhat high ratings for an out-of-market NPR station, and listeners in the western half of the Detroit area can get a stable lock on their HD signal), and parts of extreme Southwestern Ontario. The station provides 24-hour NPR news service to the state capital, since WKAR-AM must sign off at sundown and WKAR-FM airs the Classical 24 network from 7 pm to 5 am weeknights with minimal, if any, interruptions for news.

</doc>
<doc id="2920752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920752" title="European route E39">
European route E39

E 39 is the designation of a 1330 km long north-south road in Norway and Denmark, running from Klett just south of Trondheim to Aalborg, via Orkanger, Vinjeøra, Halsa ... Straumsnes, Krifast, Batnfjordsøra, Molde ... Vestnes, Skodje, Ålesund ... Volda ... Nordfjordeid ... Sandane, Førde, Lavik ... Instefjord, Knarvik, Bergen, Os ... Stord, Sveio, Aksdal, Bokn ... Rennesøy, Randaberg, Stavanger, Sandnes, Ålgård, Helleland, Flekkefjord, Lyngdal, Mandal, Kristiansand ... Hirtshals, Hjørring, and Nørresundby. Several sections are via ferry, denoted by ... in the above list. In total there are nine ferries, the highest number of ferries for a single road in Europe.
In Trondheim, there are connections to E 6 and E 14. In Ålesund, to E 136, in Bergen to E 16, in Haugesund, to E 134, in Kristiansand to E 18, and in Aalborg to E 45.
Norwegian part.
In Norway, E39 is part of Norwegian national road system, and is as such developed and maintained by the public roads administration. E39 is mostly a two-lane undivided road, only relatively short sections near Stavanger, Trondheim and Bergen are motorways or semi-motorways. Trondheim – Ålesund – Bergen – Stavanger – Kristiansand was named E39 i 2000. Kristiansund - Stavanger was earlier riksveg 1 (national highway 1, "coastal through-road"), whereas Stavanger – Kristiansand was part of E18.
Sør-Trøndelag county.
road under construction:
15 km new E39 from Staurset to Renndalen in Halsa expected October 2010.
The E39 Ferries.
The E39 ferries are mainly operated by Fjord1. Except the Volda-Folkestad ferry, which is operated by Tide Sjø. 
Domestic car ferries on E39 are regarded as an integral part of national highways. Ferries operate according to a published timetable and standard prices for vehicles and passengers. [http://www.tide.no E39 includes the following ferry routes from North to South (approximate crossing time in minutes): The Norwegian government plans to replace the ferries with bridges and tunnels.
International car ferry operated by Color Line: and Fjord Line (Seasonal).
European route E18.
The Kristiansand-Hirtshals ferry also connects the E18 motorway from Oslo to Kristiansand to the European network.
Danish part.
From Norway E 39 goes with ferry from Kristiansand to Hirtshals in north Denmark. Ferries are run by Colorline.
In Denmark E 39 is a motorway from the south of Hirtshals to the north of Aalborg.
The exits are:

</doc>
<doc id="2920758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920758" title="Julian Golding">
Julian Golding

Julian Emmanuel Golding (born 17 February 1975 in London) is an English sprinter. 
He is one of Britain's fastest ever sprinters over 200 metres. His time of 20.18 seconds (-0.2) ranks him 6th on the All-Time UK rankings, with only John Regis, Christian Malcolm, Linford Christie, Darren Campbell and Adam Gemili ahead of him.
Sprinting career.
Golding was born in Harlesden, North West London. Attending St Augustine's Church of England High School in Kilburn, he enjoyed playing all sports before taking up athletics seriously in 1991. He was discovered by former Olympic sprinter Mike McFarlane, after finishing second at the Westminster Schools Athletics Competition.
At the 1998 European Athletics Championships, Golding was favourite to win the gold medal in the 200 metres. After running a series of fast times and winning both heats and semi-finals convincingly, he was en route to win his first major senior title. In the 200 metre final, however, he was beaten by team mate Dougie Walker, and took home the bronze medal instead.
In the same year, at the Kuala Lumpur Commonwealth Games, he floated to a personal best time of 20.34 seconds in the 200m semi-finals, and went on to win the gold medal. In the 4 x 100 metres sprint relay, Golding helped England win their second gold medal, setting a time of 38.20 seconds, a Commonwealth Games record that still stands today. He also helped the Great British 4 x 100 metre relay team to victory in the 1998 IAAF World Cup and European Cup, as well as running the last leg at the 1997 World Championships in Athens, in which Britain won bronze.
During the 1999 athletic season, Golding won the national title in 20.20 seconds (wind assisted) and continued that form, winning some high profiled international Grand Prix events. The Crystal Grand Prix is considered to be one of Golding's best performances; he won the 200 metres from a world class field in the time of 20.23 seconds, running into to strong headwind of -1.1 metres per second. Without this headwind, he might have been the second British sprinter to run under the 20 second barrier, which is considered to be the mark of true international class (John Regis holds the UK record at 19.87 seconds). Golding went on to finish 7th in the final of the 1999 World Championships in Seville, and finished the year ranked number 9 in the world.
He was part of Team GB's 4 x 100 metre relay team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, but the team were disqualified in the first round. He failed to qualify for his preferred event, due to illness at the Olympic Trials.
Golding's last major competition was in 2003, where he represented Great Britain at the Paris World Championships. Three years later, he was forced to retire prematurely, due to persistent injuries.
Other activities.
Golding is also an accomplished pianist and enjoys playing golf and tennis. 
On 18 July 2012, Golding graduated from Middlesex University with first class honours for Sports and Exercise Science with Teaching & Coaching. He now hopes to pursue a career as a teacher of physical education.
After retirement.
Currently he works at Lea Valley Highschool as a P.E teacher.
http://www.lvhs.org.uk/
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2920762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920762" title="Meadowridge">
Meadowridge

Meadowridge is a suburb in Cape Town, South Africa. It is the second Garden City in Cape Town and was officially opened on 23 March 1955. 
Local shopping centres are Meadowridge Park 'n Shop and Meadowridge Shopping Centre (the first shopping centre). Nearby schools are Bergvliet Primary School, Sweet Valley Primary School and Bergvliet High School. Close by is the local football club, Meadowridge AFC. 
In years gone by the horse riding fraternity, notably Judge Blackwell's daughter used to bring her riding classes to the meadow just above the Ladies 
Mile circle, and have them gallop all the way to the council depot at the top before crossing over to Kreuplebosch to gallop thru the vineyards.
The Meadowridge Sports Association, chaired for many years by Guy Taylor is the custodian of the football fields, the forest and the building currently occupied by the Sunny Skies nursery school.

</doc>
<doc id="2920770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920770" title="WEMU">
WEMU

WEMU (89.1 WEMU) is the public broadcasting service of Eastern Michigan University.
A National Public Radio (NPR) affiliate whose primary market is Washtenaw County (Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti) and the surrounding area, WEMU carries the standard NPR news magazines "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition". In addition to other NPR and Public Radio International (PRI) information and cultural programming, WEMU has a primary music format of jazz and blues with specialty programs in Latin and roots music. The station has featured primarily a jazz format since February 1977, although it also features Gregg McVicar's syndicated "Undercurrents" adult-alternative music program during overnight hours. WEMU also hosts the EMU sports network and carries EMU football and basketball broadcasts.
WEMU began broadcasting at a frequency of 88.1 FM in 1965 from the Quirk Building; in 1976, the station moved to King Hall. In October 1977, WEMU changed to its current 89.1 FM frequency. Located online at WEMU.org, the station streams live 24 hours a day. 
WEMU is licensed for HD Radio operations, and broadcasts a mixed format of traditional and smooth jazz on its HD2 side channel. The HD2 formerly aired a mix of folk, roots and Americana music.
A current programming schedule can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="2920776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920776" title="Sljeme">
Sljeme

Sljeme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920778" title="KV36">
KV36

Tomb KV36, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of the noble Maiherpri from the Eighteenth Dynasty.
Rediscovered by Victor Loret in his second season in the Valley of the Kings, on 30 March 1899, the tomb was found to be substantially undisturbed, but as it has for a long time not been properly published, it is not as well known as other burials in the valley.  The objects found came all to the Egyptian Museum in Cairo where they were published in the "Catalogue General" (short: CG).  The only source for the arrangement of the objects in the burial chamber was a short article by Georg Schweinfurth.  He visited the tomb briefly before its contents was brought to Cairo.  However, recently the notebooks of Loret were found and published, providing a detailed list and description of the objects found and their arrangement in the tomb chamber.
The tomb of Maherperi is a small shaft tomb with a chamber at the bottom on its west side.  The burial chamber was undecorated, as with all burial chambers of non-royals in the Valley of the King.  It is 3.90 m long and 4.10 m wide.<br>Not much is known about Maiherpri as he does not appear in sources outside the tomb.  Only two titles appear on the objects within the burial: "child of the nursery" and "fan-bearer on the right side of the king".  The mummy showed that he was a young man when he died.
Maiherpri was placed in a set of three coffins.  The outer one is rectangular, painted black with gilded inscriptions and gilded decoration.  It is more a shrine than a coffin.  Inside it there were two anthropoid coffins also in black with gilded decoration.  There is a third anthropoid coffin found next to this coffin ensemble with its lid placed next to the box.  This caused some confusion and discussion in Egyptology.  It seems that the 'extra' coffin was intended as the innermost one, but was actually too big to fit into the set and was therefore left unused next to it.  A similar situation was found in the burial of Tutankhamun, where his second coffins was also slightly too large for the outermost one.  There the coffin was "shortened" directly in the tomb chamber, while in the burial of Maherperi a new coffin was obtained.
Maherperi mummy was adorned with a mummy mask.  At the foot end of the rectangular coffin, on the east side was found his canopic box with the four canopic jars still in it.  Next to it there was the Book of the Dead of Maiherpri and there were found several boxes with mummified pieces of meat.  At the head of the coffins were found too many pottery vessels.  Other objects from this tomb are stone vases, a senet game, a nicely painted faience bowl, a quiver, a glass vase and a funerary bed with the shape of Osiris laid out in wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="2920779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920779" title="Ceamurlia de Jos">
Ceamurlia de Jos

Ceamurlia de Jos (meaning "Lower Ceamurlia") is a commune in the southeast of the Tulcea County of Romania. It has a total population of 2,620 and it has an area of 119,43 km². The Goloviţa Lake is located south of this commune. Its name is derived from Turkish "Çamurlu", meaning "muddy".
A part of the inhabitants of this commune are Aromanians that were deported from Southern Dobruja, where they settled from the Southern Balkans during the Romanian rule of the region, after it was ceded back to Bulgaria in 1940 according to the terms of the Treaty of Craiova.
Ceamurlia de Jos commune is composed of two villages:
Ceamurlia de Jos was the place where the H5N1 strain of the avian influenza was found for the first time in Europe, being brought by migrating birds from Asia that passed through the nearby Danube Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="2920786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920786" title="Amped">
Amped

Amped may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920790" title="Villain (1971 film)">
Villain (1971 film)

Villain is a 1971 gangster film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Richard Burton, Ian McShane, T. P. McKenna and Donald Sinden.
Plot.
Ruthless East End gangster Vic Dakin has plans for an ambitious raid on the wages van of a plastic factory. This is a departure from Dakin's usual modus operandi, and the job is further complicated by his having to work with fellow gangster Frank Fletcher's firm. 
Essentially a standard story about a heist, there are intricate sub-plots depicting:
In a growing trend for movies of the same era and genre (Get Carter, Clockword Orange, French Connection for example) some of the violence is quite graphic especially during the heist itself and foreshadows several 1970s cop TV shows such as The Sweeney, Target and Special Branch.
Production.
The film was written by an unusual combination of two well-known British comedy television writers, Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, and the American actor Al Lettieri, renowned for his 'tough-guy' image in films such as "The Godfather" and "The Getaway" as well as for his real life associations with the New York Gambino Family.
Reception.
According to Melvyn Bragg's 1988 biography "Richard Burton: A Life", the film was a terrible flop and helped erode Burton's status as a box office star. Two years before "Villain", Burton had played a homosexual hairdresser in the comedy "Staircase" (in which Cathleen Nesbitt also played his mother), which had proved a huge bust at the box office despite the talents of co-star Rex Harrison and director Stanley Donen. A gay love scene between Burton and co-star Ian McShane was cut from "Villain", possibly as it was felt it wouldn't boost ticket sales, as cinema audiences already had not accepted Burton, one of the cinema's most notorious Don Juans, as a homosexual.
However, Alexander Walker, in his book about the 70s British film industry, "National Heroes", says the film was "outstandingly successful at the British box office." And British exhibitors voted him the most popular star at the local box office in 1971, although "Villain" was not listed among the top ten most popular movies.
Coincidentally, Burton was mentioned in James Barlow's 1968 novel, "The Burden Of Proof", upon which the film was based. In the book, the prosecutor asks a female witnesses if she "likes the actor Richard Burton".
The film received bad reviews, and Burton—whose acting style was predicated upon the precise use of his mellifluous voice—was particularly savaged for his attempt at a Cockney accent.
The film coined a popular phrase used regularly and adapted accordingly of "Don't be a berk all your life; take a day off!"
Actor memories.
Ian McShane revealed recently in The Daily Mail that he had mixed feelings about playing Richard Burton's bisexual lover. "After kissing me, he's going to beat the hell out of me and it's that kind of relationship – rather hostile. It was very S&M. It wasn't shown in the film. He said to me, 'I'm very glad you're doing this film.' I said, 'So am I Richard.' He said, 'You know why, don't you?' I said, 'Why?' He said, 'You remind me of Elizabeth.' I guess that made the kissing easier."
Trivia.
In 2009 Empire Magazine named it #2 in a poll of the 20 Greatest Gangster Movies You've Never Seen* (*Probably)
The character of Vic Dakin was inspired by the real life gangster Ronnie Kray, who was jailed several years before production began, in 1967. Like Kray, the character Dakin is a London underworld boss, he a homosexual, he is obsessed with caring for his mother and has a secret association with a member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="2920791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920791" title="William Cecil Slingsby">
William Cecil Slingsby

William Cecil Slingsby (1849-1929) was an English mountain climber and alpine explorer from Carleton, North Yorkshire. Born in Bell Busk, near Gargrave, Yorkshire, Slingsby first visited Norway in 1872 and fell in love with the country. He has been called the discoverer of the Norwegian mountains, and the father of Norwegian mountaineering (insofar as he seems to be the first who actively pursued climbing in Norway and was the first person on several mountains). Together with Norway's early skilled mountain climber Kristian Bing (1862-1935), he is considered to be have been a pioneer explorer of Jostedalsbreen, the largest glacier in continental Europe.
Slingsby is perhaps most famous for being the first on "Storen", or Store Skagastølstind (2405 m) in 1876, the third highest mountain in Norway. It was considered impossible to climb then, but Slingsby defied popular notion and climbed the mountain, for the last part alone.
His crossing of the 1,550-meter-high (5,800 ft) Keiser Pass, Norway, on skis in 1880 also helped inspire the sport of ski mountaineering. 
He also spoke and wrote strongly about several other mountains for example Slogen. His classic book on climbing in Norway, "Norway: the Northern Playground", was first published in 1904 and republished in 1941. A new edition was released in 2003. The latest edition was published in March 2014. It is considered worth reading for those mountaineering in Norway, even today.
Slingsby was an honorary member of Norsk Tindeklub and of the Norwegian Trekking Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2920793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920793" title="KV8">
KV8

Tomb KV8, located in the Valley of the Kings, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Merenptah of Ancient Egypt's Nineteenth Dynasty.
The burial chamber, located at the end of 160 metres of corridor, originally held a set of four nested sarcophagi. The outer one of these was so voluminous that parts of the corridor had to have their door jambs demolished and rebuilt to allow it to be brought in. These jambs were then rebuilt with the help of inscribed sandstone blocks which were then fixed into their place with dovetail cramps.
The pillars in Chamber F were removed to allow passage of the sacrophagus, only two were replaced.
The other two pillars may have been stolen by Paneb, a worker in the craftsman's village (Deir el Medina), for use in his own tomb. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920794" title="Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC">
Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC

Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC, 528 U.S. 377 (2000), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that their earlier decision in "Buckley v. Valeo", 424 U. S. 1 (1976) upholding federal limits on campaign contributions also applied to state limits on campaign contributions to state offices.
Background.
"Buckley v. Valeo" established a "$1000 cap on individuals' contributions to candidates for federal office" in 1976. A 1998 statute increased the contribution limit to $1075 for statewide office candidates. In that year, Zev David Fredman filed suit alleging that "the Missouri statute imposing limits on contributions to candidates for state office violated" a candidates First and Fourteenth Amendment rights. Fredman further argued that he could only campaign effectively with contributions exceeding $1075. The Federal District Court upheld the statute on limitations to campaign donations. The Court of Appeals then reversed the decision finding that "Missouri's interest in avoiding the corruption or the perception of corruption caused by candidates' acceptance of large campaign contributions was insufficient to satisfy "Buckly's" strict scrutiny standard of review."
Decision of the Supreme Court.
Justice John Paul Stevens' concurrence questioned more than two decades of campaign finance jurisprudence, stating: "Money is property; it is not speech."
Professor D. Bruce La Pierre argued in front of the Court for the respondents. Missouri Attorney General Jay Nixon argued for the petitioners.

</doc>
<doc id="2920797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920797" title="Hawarden Bridge railway station">
Hawarden Bridge railway station

Hawarden Bridge railway station is a railway station near Shotton, Flintshire, Wales. It is situated on the Borderlands Line north of Wrexham Central, on the north side of Hawarden Bridge over the River Dee. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
Services.
The station sees an infrequent service, with the only trains calling during the morning and evening peak periods towards Wrexham Central southbound and Bidston northbound. There are four southbound and three northbound trains a day Monday to Saturday. 
In May 2013, Arriva Trains Wales introduced a Sunday service at the station. On a Sunday, all passenger services on the Borderlands Line will stop, on request.

</doc>
<doc id="2920801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920801" title="Cordia sebestena">
Cordia sebestena

Cordia sebestena is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae, that is native to the American tropics. It ranges from southern Florida in the United States and The Bahamas southwards throughout Central America and the Greater Antilles. Common names include siricote or kopté (Mayan) in 19th Century northern Yucatán, scarlet cordia on Jamaica, and Geiger Tree (after Key West wrecker John Geiger) in Florida.
Cultivation.
"Cordia sebestena" is widely planted throughout the tropics and subtropics as an ornamental plant in gardens because of its flowers. It has dark green, oval shaped leaves, and grows oval shaped fruits that are edible, but not flavorful. "Cordia sebestena" tolerates drought but not frost.

</doc>
<doc id="2920807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920807" title="Hermanus">
Hermanus

Hermanus (originally called Hermanuspietersfontein, but shortened as the name was too long for the postal service), is a town on the southern coast of the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is famous for southern right whale watching during the southern winter and spring and is a popular retirement town. The whales can be seen from the cliffs in the town centre as early as June and usually depart in early December. They were once hunted in the nearby town of Betty's Bay, but are now protected to ensure the survival of the species. The Old Harbour Museum contains several exhibitions that explain the whaling industry, and the De Wetshuis Photo Museum houses an exhibition of photos by T D Ravenscroft that depicts the history of Hermanus. The Whale Museum houses a skeleton of a whale and shows an audio-visual presentation of whales and dolphins twice daily.
Location.
Hermanus lies along Walker Bay on the south coast of the Western Cape. It is located about 115 km southeast of Cape Town and is connected to the Mother City by the R43 highway (or coastal R44 scenic route) and N2 motorway. The R43 continues to Cape Agulhas, the most southerly point of Africa. Hermanus is 40 km from Gansbaai, a famous spot where one can dive amongst the Great White Sharks.
It is also notable that Hermanus still boasts a historic railway station building without a railway line. The founders of the town decided not to lay any tracks as this would have made Hermanus more commercial and felt that Hermanus needed to stay a small Fisherman's Village. To this day the locals still refer to it as "the village."
Sandbaai lies on the coast at the entrance to the Hemel-en-Aarde (Heaven and Earth) Valley. It is the most recently developed and fastest growing residential area of Greater Hermanus 
Zwelihle, designated a "black" area by the former government, is a residential area that consists mainly of shacks.
Facilities.
The Space Science Directorate of the South African Space Agency, previously the Hermanus Magnetic Observatory (HMO), is a research facility of the National Research Foundation, and forms part of the worldwide network which monitors variations of the earth's magnetic field.
Hermanus Yacht Club is a popular yacht club in the Western Cape amongst the yachting community. It hosted the Laser (dinghy) 4.7 worlds in 2007 [http://laser47worlds07.sailing.org.za/]
The Hermanus Golf Club in Eastcliff is one of the most beautiful golf courses in the country.
Hermanus is also famous to locals for its historic Windsor Hotel, Marine Hotel, various fishermen's cottages and old harbour.
Beaches.
"Grotto Beach" is the largest beach in Hermanus and has also been proclaimed a "Blue Flag" beach which ensures its preservation as a world heritage site. Other beaches include "Voëlklip", "Onrus", "Kammabaai" and "Langbaai".onrusstrand, Breakfast baai, sand baaistrand,onrus strand, haws ton strand
Whales and whale-spotting.
Since August 1992, Hermanus has had the world’s only Whale Crier (the first being Pieter Classen 1992-1998, then Wilson Salukazana 1998-2006, Zolile Baleni since April 2006 ) who sounds his kelp horn to announce where whales have been sighted. Zakes Mda wrote 2005 the novel "The Whale Caller" (ISBN 0-312-42382-9) in which the Whale Crier of Hermanus is the main character, a man who gets enthralled by a Southern Right whale he names Sharisha.
Whale festival.
Hermanus hosts an annual whale festival at the end of September, to celebrate the returning of the southern right whales to this bay during the calving and mating season. Prior to this main whale festival a "Kalfiefees" (or "Calf Festival") is held, to welcome the first whales (usually in August). Both festivals are characterised by food and craft stalls, environmental presentations and South African drama productions..
Around the town.
The hinterland beyond the town is largely wild and mountainous and there are many remote areas of hills and wild ravines covered in prestine Cape 'Fynbos'. The thermals rising around the rugged heights of the Fernkloof Nature Reserve attract paragliders from all over the world.
Craft Markets.
Various art/food/craft markets are held in and around Hermanus every weekend. In the centre of town is the Lemm's Corner Market where you can buy anything from clothes, art and food. The Food & Wine Market is at Hermanuspietersfontein in the Hemel-en-Aarde Village. The Hermanus Country Market is located at the cricket fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="2920808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920808" title="Allyn Condon">
Allyn Condon

Allyn Condon (born August 24, 1974) is an English former sprinter and current bobsleigher. At the Vancouver Olympic Games in 2010 he became the seventh person to have competed for Great Britain in both the Summer and Winter Olympic Games having already competed in the Sydney Olympics in 2000.
Career.
Athletics.
Condon has been coached by his father Morris Condon since the age of 10 years old. He showed a talent for athletics at an early age when he won two gold medals at the European Youth Olympics in Brussels in 1991 at the age of 16 and then was part of the winning 4 x 400 metres relay team at the European Junior Championships in the same year.
In 1992 he ran first leg in the 4 x 100 metres relay team that took gold at the World Junior Championships in South Korea, breaking the European junior record in the process. He became one of the youngest sportsmen ever to be selected to compete for Great Britain at the World Cup in Cuba were at the age of 18 he won a bronze medal, his first as a senior athlete.
He was the 200 metres bronze medalist at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships and won 4x100 m relay gold medals at the 1998 European Cup and 1998 IAAF World Cup and 1998 European Athletics Championships.
The following year he won a 4x100 m relay bronze at the 1999 IAAF World Indoor Championships and outdoors won the a silver medal in the event at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics. At that competition he also ran first leg in the 4 x 400 m relay team that broke the British indoor record and won a bronze medal. He still holds the British record and is still ranked 5th on the UK all time 200 m indoor rankings.
In 2000 he was selected for his first Olympic Games in Sydney where he competed as part of the 4 x 100 m relay team. In August 2001 after competing for Sale Harriers Manchester in a league competition, Allyn collapsed and was later rushed into hospital with renal failure and endocarditis. After spending six weeks in hospital, doctors told Allyn that his athletics career was over.
After a spell out of the sport, he got back to full fitness and in August became the 2002 Commonwealth Games gold medalist in Manchester in the 4x100 m relay. Condon flew out to Munich as part of the Great Britain Team for the 2002 European Athletics Championships, but after a dispute with the team management over selection returned home before the event had taken place.
Switch to bobsleigh.
After an international athletics career, inspired by the film "Cool Runnings", he changed from track and field in 2006 to take on the challenge of bobsleigh.
During his first year in the sport he became a first team regular in both the 2 man and 4 man events. His best finish at the FIBT World Championships was fifth in the four-man event at St. Moritz in 2007. Condon's best World Cup finish was tenth in a four-man event at Winterberg in 2008.
In 2008 during a race in Germany he hurt his back and returned home to the UK. After having his back scanned, surgeons found he had ruptured an artery on his lower spine and this brought an abrupt end to the season ahead.
He returned to the sport in 2009 were the team struggled to find any kind of form on the World cup circuit and had a disappointing World Championships finish.
In 2010 after a season of selection upsets, he was selected to represent Great Britain at the Vancouver Winter Olympic Games. As a bobsledder, Condon finished 17th in the four-man event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver alongside former track and field team-mate Dan Money. A 150 km/h crash that put the Great Britain team on their heads on the bend named 50/50 prevented the 4-man team from achieving a top 8 finish.

</doc>
<doc id="2920810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920810" title="C5-convertase">
C5-convertase

C5 convertase is an enzyme belonging to a family of serine proteases that play key role in the innate immunity. It participates in the complement cascade ending with cell death.
There are four different C5 convertases able to specifically convert C5 glycoprotein (α-, β-chain) to C5a and C5b fragments. Two of them are physiological complement enzymes, associate to the cell-surface and mediate the classical pathway (C4b2a3b) or the alternative pathway (C3bBbC3b) of complement cascade. Two fluid phase C5 convertases have been described: the classical pathway enzyme, C4b2aoxy3b and the cobra venom factor-dependent C5 convertase, CVFBb. 
Structure.
Cell-bound C3 and C5 convertase differ in their C3b requirement. C3-convertase (C3bBb) need only one molecule of C3b to form, whereas two or more C3b are required for generation of C5 convertase (C3bBb). It means, when C3b is randomly distributed on the surface of a cell, only C3 convertase activity appears after addition of Factors B and D. However, when C3b is distributed in clusters, C3 and C5 convertase activity is generated upon addition of Factors B and D.
The classical pathway C5 convertase is composed of the larger fragments of complement proteins, C4b, C2a produced by cleavage mediated by "C1 complex", and C3b produced by cleavage mediated by the "classical pathway C3 convertase" (C4bC2a).
The formation of the alternative pathway C5 convertase (C3bBbC3b) starts by spontaneous cleavage of C3 protein exposing previously hidden thioester bond. In the presence of pathogen the fragment C3b binds to microbial cell-surface through the newly showed thioester bond. On the other hand, if the infection does not occur, C3b interacts with molecules of water, therefore the protein becomes inactive. However, when C3b undergoes its post-cleveage conformational change, a binding site for a plasma protein called "Factor B" is also exposed. Factor B then binds to C3b and is cleaved by a plasma serine protease "Factor D". The C3bBb complex (= alternative pathway C3 convertase) remains attached to the cell-surface. This complex might interact with another C3b and thus form the alternative pathway C5 convertase. 
CVFBb is a noncovalent association product of CVF3 and the complement fragment Bb.
The catalytic subunits of these multimolecular proteases are "C2a" and "Bb". These subunits belong to atypical serine proteases. CVFBb does not require C3 for cleavage of C5, whereas C4b2aoxy need native C3 for cleavage of C5 protein.
The modified C5 convertase, C4b2aoxy3b, contains C2a that is derived from C2 oxidized by iodine.
Function.
The target of C5 convertase is complement protein C5. C5 is a two-chain (α, β) plasma glycoprotein (Mr = 196,000). C5 and C3 have similar structure. However, C5 does not appear to contain the internal thiol ester group reported for C3 and C4. C5 has relatively few disulfide bonds. There are three disulfide bonds in C5a, the α-chain has 15 half-Cystines, and the β-chain has only 6 half-Cystines. This comparatively low level of stabilizing disulfide bridges may provide a partial explanation for the irreversible conformational change imparted on C5 after cleavage to C5a and C5b. In addition, the relatively low number of disulfide bonds could account for instability of C5 when exposed to chaotrophs such as potassium thiocyanate. Electron micrographs of negatively stained C5 indicate that the protein is irregular in shape and contains several lobes.
First of all, C5 has to bind to C3b fragment. The capacity to bind C3b is a stable feature of component C5, as C5b also has this binding capacity. The C5 convertase selectively cleaves an "Arginyl-Leucine" peptide bond at position 74-75 in the α-chain (Mr = 116,000) of C5. "α´-chain" (Mr, = 105,000) and the activation peptide, "C5a", is formed, while "β-chain" (Mr = 80,000) remains unchanged.
The complement component C5 can be also activated by fluid phase C5 convertase. C5 is activated by CVFBb in the presence of complement component C6 and the C5b6 complex is formed. However, when C6 is added after C5 has been converted to C5b, the C5b6 complex fails to form. Therefore, the activation of C5 results in a transient binding site for C6. Hydrophobic sites are probably exposed upon C5 activation because C5b undergoes aggregation when C5 is converted to C5b in the absence of C6. Interactions between C5 and C6 or C5 and membranes are noncovalent. (In contrast, it is the labile thiol ester that permits covalent attachment between C3 and nucleophilic acceptors.)
The proteolytic cleavage of C5 is the only known enzymatic event in assembly of the cytolytic membrane attack complex of complement.
Once bound, C5 is exceptionally efficient in producing hemolysis, requiring less than seven specifically bound molecules per cell for the production of a hemolytic lesion. The extent of formation of the C5 intermediate complex is primarily dependent on the number of molecules of C4, C2 and C3 present on the cells employed for its generation. In these respects, the mode of action of C5 is completely analogous to that of the other components of complement. The C5 step differs, however, in other aspects. The binding of C5 is influenced by C6 and C7, components which are thought to act subsequent to it in the complement sequence. In addition, the hemolytic activity of the isolated C5 intermediate complex is exceedingly labile, having an average half-life at 30 °C of only 9 rain. This characteristic distinguishes the C5 step, along with the C2 step, as potentially rate-limiting in the complement reaction. However, unlike C2, C5 remains firmly cell-bound during the decay process and apparently undergoes an alteration "in situ" which renders it hemolytically unreactive. Finally, C5 is unique in that it readily adsorbs in native form to unsensitized erythrocytes. This nonspecifically bound C5 remains firmly attached, although it may be specifically utilized as a source of C5 by an ongoing complement reaction.
Stabilization and Regulation.
Both enzymes, C4b2a3b and C3bBbC3b, are unstable and undergo decay dissociation with a half-life at 37 °C of approximately 1.5 - 3 min. The "properdin" stabilizes the alternative pathway C5 convertase of which half-life is at 37 °C 10 - 34 min. In contrast, the fluid phase C5 convertase CVFBb is stable (half-life at 37 °C = 7 h). The oxidation of C2 protein stabilizes the C4b2aoxy complex.
The "Factor H–related protein 1" (CFHR1) has been identified as a novel inhibitor of the complement pathway. CFHR1 blocks C5 convertase activity and interferes with C5b surface deposition and membrane attack complex (MAC) formation. Apparently Factor H and CFHR1 control complement activation in a sequential manner. In hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), the absence of CFHR1 may result in reduced inhibition of terminal complex formation and in reduced protection of endothelial cells upon complement attack.

</doc>
<doc id="2920817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920817" title="Ovídio Martins">
Ovídio Martins

Ovídio de Sousa Martins (September 17, 1928 – April 29, 1999) was a famous Cape Verdean poet and journalist. He lived in exile in the Netherlands due to his pro-independence activities in his native land.
Poems.
Poems in the creole of São Vicente:
Poems in Portuguese:

</doc>
<doc id="2920820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920820" title="List of Class I railroads">
List of Class I railroads

This is a list of current and former Class I railroads in North America. Current Class I's that are independently operating have an asterisk(*) next to them.

</doc>
<doc id="2920824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920824" title="Cartmel Priory Gatehouse">
Cartmel Priory Gatehouse

Cartmel Priory Gatehouse is a National Trust property located at Cartmel, Grange-over-Sands, Cumbria, England.
Along with the church, the gatehouse is all that remains of the Augustinian Cartmel Priory. The priory was founded in 1190 whereas the gatehouse was built about 1330. In 1536 the Priory was dissolved as part of the general reformation of Church. Most of the monastic property was demolished, but the gatehouse was by that time serving as courthouse for the manor of Cartmel, so survived.
The building served as a grammar school from 1624 to 1790. In 1923 the gatehouse became a museum, and was used for exhibitions and meetings, before being presented to the National Trust in 1946. By 2011 it was mainly in private residential use, although the Great Room is opened to the public on several days a year.

</doc>
<doc id="2920827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920827" title="WAAM">
WAAM

WAAM is a radio station in Ann Arbor, Michigan that broadcasts on AM 1600, known as "WAAM TALK 1600" and "WAAM RADIO". The station is owned by Coolarity A2, LLC.
Current programming.
WAAM Radio's current schedule features nationally syndicated conservative talk show hosts Bill Bennett, Glenn Beck, Laura Ingraham, Jerry Doyle and Dennis Miller as well as Coast-to-Coast AM overnights. In addition, the week day line up features local host "Thayrone's" On the Edge with Thayrone afternoon drive (3−6 p.m). 
WAAM Radio's weekend line up is one of the most eclectic and informative on American radio. Local hosts include but are not limited to favorites like The Appliance Doctor with Joe Gagnon, Trigger Talk with Dick Cupka, The Abolitionist Roundtable, The American Dream, The Drift with Gary Wellings, Operation Freedom with Dr. Dave Janda and the Clarkcast. The Saturday night music lineup features two hour program segments by show hosts covering blues, rhythm and blues, rock, doo wop, country, oldies, rockabilly and the English invasion. 
The most enduring music show in the Ann Arbor area is featured on WAAM Sunday evenings, Thayrone's nationally syndicated program The Bone Conduction Music Show. The show has been an Ann Arbor staple since 1984. The four-hour version of the show is heard on WAAM Radio Sunday evenings 7 pm to 11 pm. The two-hour version of the show is heard on Saturday afternoon's 4 pm to 6 pm.
Visit WAAM Radio's website for all current programming information at: http://www.waamradio.com
History.
Recent History.
Whitehall Broadcasting sold WAAM Radio to Big D Broadcasting in August 2003. WAAM Radio was purchased by Coolarity A2, LLC. in May of 2011. Linda Hughes, owner and general manager, successfully positioned WAAM Radio as an informative and conservative voice serving south eastern Michigan as well as the Ann Arbor and Washtenaw county area. WAAM Radio also streams all local and national show content worldwide off its website.
Early History: WHRV.
The station signed on as WHRV in October, 1948. WHRV was a typical full-service radio station of its day, with a wide variety of music ranging from pop vocals to rock and roll to Southern gospel, and a heavy commitment to local news and sports play-by-play. Ollie McLaughlin, a black DJ on WHRV, is credited for helping to discover early 1960s rocker and Michigan native Del Shannon, and, after he left the station in 1961, helped launch the careers of several other Michigan artists, including Barbara Lewis, The Capitols, and Deon Jackson.
WAAM in the 1960s.
The station was sold in 1963 and changed its calls to WAAM. The station's DJs on occasion pronounced the call sign like the word "Wham," and WAAM was affectionately known as "Wham" to many in the Ann Arbor community for years afterward even after the station stopped using the "Wham" name on the air (the "Wham" pronunciation has recently been revived for the station's current talk format). Throughout the 1960s, WAAM featured chiefly middle of the road music during the day and played Top 40 hits at night. WAAM was also one of the first AM radio stations to feature progressive rock, with a Sunday-night show called "Strobe" and later "Spectrum." WAAM developed a reputation for spotting potential hits before CKLW and other Detroit-area competitors got a hold of them, including "Cherry, Cherry" by Neil Diamond and "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man" by Bob Seger. 
The WAAM studios were almost completely destroyed by a fire in 1968, forcing the station to broadcast from a trailer in its parking lot for over a year. The station moved into new studios in 1969 and expanded its middle of the road format to full-time.
Top 40 Era (1972-76): The Super 16.
In 1972, the station was sold again, and WAAM transitioned to a full-time Top 40 hit music format, with a high-energy presentation and a continued news and sports play-by-play commitment as well as Casey Kasem's American Top 40 countdown show (added in 1975). Among WAAM's Top 40 jocks were some who went on to greater success in the Detroit market, including Jim Harper (WDRQ, WNIC, WMGC-FM; known on WAAM as "Tom Michaels"), Don Riley (WDRQ; known on WAAM as "Jerry Riley") Jim Michaels (WDRQ, WWKR, WNIC, WTWR, WABX, WJOI, WYST) and The Electrifyin' Mojo (WGPR, WJLB, WHYT, WMXD).
The '80s and '90s: More Changes.
In 1976, WAAM was sold again and transitioned from Top 40 to a personality Adult Contemporary sound, eventually adding more call-in talk shows to its schedule. In 1982, the station affiliated with Satellite Music Network's (now ABC Radio) "Star Station" AC format. 
Lloyd Johnson (d/b/a Whitehall Broadcasting) acquired the station in 1983 and switched the station to Adult Standards soon afterward. The format shift accompanied Ann Arbor radio legend's Ted Heusel moving to WAAM from 1050 WPAG-AM (which had switched from standards to country music). Over the years, WAAM was affiliated with both Satellite Music Network/ABC Radio's "Stardust" format and Westwood One's "AM Only" format. Eventually WAAM transitioned to airing chiefly news and talk programming during the week with music programming (including the Westwood One standards format and specialty shows such as "Broadway's Biggest Hits" and "The Sounds of Sinatra") available mostly on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="2920834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920834" title="Firminy">
Firminy

Firminy (Firminiaco: "place of Firmin") is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
It lies on the Ondaine River 8 mi. S.W. of Saint-Étienne by rail.
History.
The name was first recorded in a 971 charter by the King of Burgundy.
Sights.
Two historic churches from the 12th and 16th centuries are located here. The architect Le Corbusier designed a group of modern buildings, called "Firminy Vert", which includes a church Saint-Pierre, Firminy, cultural center, and an Unité d'Habitation.
Economy.
It has important coalmines known since the 14th century and extensive manufactures of iron, steel, and aluminum goods, including railway material, machinery and cannon. Fancy woolen hosiery is also manufactured.

</doc>
<doc id="2920840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920840" title="List of combinatorial computational geometry topics">
List of combinatorial computational geometry topics

List of combinatorial computational geometry topics enumerates the topics of computational geometry that states problems in terms of geometric objects as discrete entities and hence the methods of their solution are mostly theories and algorithms of combinatorial character.
See List of numerical computational geometry topics for another flavor of computational geometry that deals with geometric objects as continuous entities and applies methods and algorithms of nature characteristic to numerical analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="2920841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920841" title="Mahananda Sapkota">
Mahananda Sapkota

Mahananda Sapkota (1896-1977) was a Nepalese social worker, etymologist, linguist, and poet. He received several national awards for his contributions to poetry. His social work focused on education and social awareness particularly in eastern Nepal. A statue of him stands in Inaruwa of Sunsari District.
His original name was Yagyanidhi Sapkota and his name was registered as Mahananda when he enrolled in a school in Tezpur in Assam, India. As his mother moved to Tezpur in Assam, she took him along with her. He studied till 7th grade in a government school there. From Dharanidhar Koirala he learnt about Nepali literature and was inspired to write poems.
In 1993, Mahananda Sapkota returned to Nepal. He established schools in many places and persuaded people to educate their children .

</doc>
<doc id="2920842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920842" title="List of most expensive music videos">
List of most expensive music videos

This page lists the most expensive music videos ever made, with costs of $500,000 or more. Janet Jackson leads with six videos on the list, while Michael Jackson and Ayumi Hamasaki have five. Madonna has made four appearances in the top 5 making her the artist with the most expensive videos of all time put together. Britney Spears has three videos on the list, while Kanye West, Busta Rhymes, Mylène Farmer, Guns N' Roses, and MC Hammer appear on the list twice. Joseph Kahn has directed four videos on this list while Hype Williams and Wataru Takeishi have directed three videos on the list. Nigel Dick, Mark Romanek and John Landis appear twice on this list, the latter with videos both directed for Michael Jackson.
Titles in bold were the most expensive of all time at the time of their production.
Mark Romanek, the director of the, as known, most expensive music video, Michael and Janet Jackson's "Scream", has refuted the claim saying that there were two other music videos from the same era which cost "millions more" than the video for "Scream".

</doc>
<doc id="2920843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920843" title="Move Over, Darling">
Move Over, Darling

Move Over, Darling is a 1963 remake of the 1940 screwball comedy "My Favorite Wife" that starred Irene Dunne, Cary Grant and Gail Patrick. The remake stars Doris Day, James Garner, and Polly Bergen.
Plot.
Ellen Wagstaff Arden (Doris Day), a mother of two young girls named Jenny and Didi, was believed to be lost at sea following an airplane accident. Her husband, Nick Arden (James Garner), was one of the survivors.
After five years of searching for her, he decides to move on with his life by having her declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca (Polly Bergen), all on the same day. However, Ellen is alive; she is rescued and returns home that particular day. At first crestfallen, she is relieved to discover from her mother-in-law Grace (Thelma Ritter) that her (ex-) husband's honeymoon has not started yet.
When Nick is confronted by Ellen, he eventually clears things up with Bianca, but he then learns that the entire time Ellen was stranded on the island she was there with another man, the handsome, athletic Stephen Burkett (Chuck Connors) - and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve."
Production notes.
The film's script was written by Hal Kanter and Jack Sher, reworking an earlier script written by Arnold Schulman, Nunnally Johnson and Walter Bernstein, which was an update of the 1940 "My Favorite Wife" by Leo McCarey and Bella & Sam Spewack (The 1940 film is referenced by Ellen while she is giving Bianca a massage). The story is a comedic update of the 1864 poem "Enoch Arden" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. This was the seventh film version based on the Lord Tennyson poem.
The film was originally to be a comeback vehicle for Marilyn Monroe, under the working title of "Something's Got to Give". Dean Martin was cast as Nick Arden after the initial choice James Garner was committed to doing "The Great Escape" and the director was George Cukor. Marilyn Monroe was fired for seldom showing up for shooting early in its production cycle, appearing in only about 30 minutes of usable film. At first, they tried to continue with Lee Remick in Monroe's place, but Martin balked at working with anyone else. Monroe was re-hired but died before she could resume filming, and that version was never completed. Unable to complete the movie, and having already sunk a considerable amount of money into the production and sets, 20th Century Fox went ahead with the project, albeit with a new title, new director Michael Gordon, and a new cast (with the exception of Thelma Ritter, who was also cast as Grace Arden in the Cukor version).
James Garner accidentally broke Day's rib during the massage scene when he pulls her off of Bergen. He wasn't aware of what had happened until the next day, when he felt the bandage while putting his arms around Day.
The film utilizes some of the interiors and stage-built "exteriors" from the original Cukor production for the Arden home, which were based on Cukor's actual Beverly Hills home at 9166 Cordell Drive. However, the on-location exteriors for the Arden home for the Gordon production were filmed about three miles west at 377 South Mapleton Drive in Holmby Hills. The original neoclassical house seen in the film has since been replaced by an enormous Italianate structure.
The producers scheduled the scene with Doris Day riding through a car wash for the last day of shooting because they were concerned that the chemicals in the detergents might affect her complexion. When the scene went off without a hitch, they admitted their ploy to Day, then used the story in promotional materials for the film.
The movie grossed $12,705,882 in the United States, becoming one of the biggest hits of the year and helping to keep 20th Century Fox afloat after "Cleopatra". It earned $6 million in US theatrical rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="2920845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920845" title="Charles O'Neal">
Charles O'Neal

Charles Eldridge O'Neal (January 6, 1904 – August 29, 1996) was an American film and television screenwriter and novelist.
Life and career.
O'Neal was born in Raeford, North Carolina, the son of Elizabeth Maude (née Crowley) and Charles Samuel O'Neal. His mother was born in Ireland, and his father had Irish and English ancestry. O'Neal attended the University of Iowa, then moved to San Diego, where he joined an acting troupe that included his future wife Patricia O'Callaghan. After publishing a short story in "Esquire", he decided to forgo performing and turned to screenwriting mostly B-movies, among them "The Seventh Victim", "Cry of the Werewolf", "The Missing Juror", "I Love a Mystery", "Montana", and "Golden Girl". O'Neal's television credits include "The 20th Century Fox Hour" and "The Untouchables".
Together with Abe Burrows, O'Neal adapted his 1949 novel "The Three Wishes of Jamie McRuin" for the short-lived 1952 musical "Three Wishes for Jamie". The production ran on Broadway March 21–June 7, 1952.
O'Neal was the father of actor Ryan O'Neal and screenwriter/actor Kevin O'Neal and grandfather of Tatum and Griffin O'Neal. He died in Los Angeles, California at the age of 92. O'Neal was given the nickname "Blackie" while attending the University of Iowa, and was known by this name to his friends through much of his life.
Selected filmography.
Writer.
Selected feature film credits are listed in "The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures".
Awards.
O'Neal received the first Christopher Award for his debut novel, "The Three Wishes of Jamie McRuin" (1949).

</doc>
<doc id="2920848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920848" title="Storer v. Brown">
Storer v. Brown

Storer v. Brown, 415 U.S. 724 (1974), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States upheld a California law that prohibited an individual from running for an elected office as an independent candidate within six months of that individual having been a member of a registered political party.

</doc>
<doc id="2920859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920859" title="Buckingham Nicks">
Buckingham Nicks

Buckingham Nicks is the debut and sole studio album by the American rock duo Buckingham Nicks. Produced by Keith Olsen, the album was released in September 1973 by Polydor Records. "Buckingham Nicks" is notable as an early commercial collaboration between Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham, who later joined Fleetwood Mac. The album was a commercial failure on its original release, and despite the duo's subsequent success, it has yet to be commercially remastered or re-released on any format since 1973.
Background.
Prior to recording the album "Buckingham Nicks", Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks performed together in the band Fritz. The pair met while they were both attending Menlo-Atherton High School in Atherton, California, south of San Francisco. At the time, Nicks was a senior in high school and Buckingham, one year younger than her, was a junior. According to Nicks, they first met at a casual after-school gathering in 1966. Nicks and Buckingham found themselves harmonizing to what some accounts claim was a Beach Boys song, although Nicks herself claims they sang “California Dreamin',” a hit single by The Mamas and The Papas, in an interview she gave with The Source in 1981.Nevertheless, Nicks and Buckingham did not collaborate again for another two years. In 1968, Buckingham invited Nicks to sing in Fritz, a band he was playing bass guitar for with some of his high school friends. Nicks talks about joining Fritz in an interview with Us Magazine from 1988:
"I met Lindsey when I was a senior in high school and he was a junior, and we sang a song together at some after-school function. Two years later, in 1968, he called me and asked me if I wanted to be in a rock & roll band. I had been playing guitar and singing pretty much totally folk-oriented stuff. So I joined the band, and within a couple of weeks we were opening for really big shows: Jefferson Airplane, Janis Joplin. All of a sudden I was in rock & roll."
Although Nicks and Buckingham never performed their own, original music while in Fritz, the band provided them with the opportunity to gain experience on stage, performing in front of crowds while opening for wildly successful rock and roll acts. Grace Slick of Jefferson Airplane, Janis Joplin of Big Brother Company and the Holding Company and Jimi Hendrix, whom Fritz also opened for, would all prove influential on Nicks and her developing stage persona. The band manager, David Forrester, worked hard to secure a record deal for Fritz, although their sound was not exactly fitting with the harder, psychedelic music of their more popular contemporaries. The pair continued to perform with Fritz for three years until the band finally dissolved in 1971. Having developed a romantic relationship in addition to their working partnership, Nicks and Buckingham decided soon afterwards to move to Los Angeles from San Francisco to pursue their dreams of being signed.
Recording and production.
While still performing with Fritz, Nicks had attended San Jose State University, studying Speech Communication. Buckingham joined her at college, also managing to balance school and music. Upon their decision to move to Los Angeles, however, the pair decided to drop out. Nicks worked several jobs as a waitress and as a cleaning lady so as to support herself and Buckingham: they had decided that it would be best for him not to work and to instead focus on honing his guitar technique. Though they scraped by, living in poverty, Nicks and Buckingham managed to write enough original material for a full-length record. It was not long before Nicks and Buckingham met engineer Keith Olsen as well as the casual entrepreneurs Ted Feigan and Lee LaSeffe. The pair played some of their music for them and all were impressed with what they heard. Soon after that, LaSeffe was able to secure a distribution deal with Polydor. Nicks discusses this series of events in an interview with The Island Ear in 1994: 
"We had some great demos. We shopped around. Over a period of time we got a deal with Polydor and made our first album, "Buckingham Nicks". We had a taste of the big time. We had great musicians in a big, grand studio. We were happening. Things were going our way. But up until that point I had been thinking of quitting it all and going back to school because I was sick of being miserable and I hate being poor."
Waddy Wachtel was one of the musicians hired to assist in recording the album. He discusses his relationship with producer Keith Olsen as well his relationship with Nicks and Buckingham on his website: 
"So Keith and I started working together. This was in like ‘68, ‘69 probably. And that’s - from then on that’s when things started happening. That’s where Keith one day came and said, 'I’m bringing this couple down from North California, named Stevie and Lindsey. And I want you to play on their record.' I played on the Buckingham Nicks record. The three of us became very tight, tight friends. We were always together."
In spite of their efforts, "Buckingham Nicks" was virtually ignored by the promotional staff at Polydor Records. Though there was a relatively small and concentrated fan base in Alabama, the album did not prove commercially successful and was soon deleted from the label’s catalog. Disheartened, Nicks and Buckingham would spend much of the rest of 1973 continuing to work outside of the music industry to pay rent. As history has proven, however, it would not be long before their music fell upon the right ears: Mick Fleetwood would invite the duo to join his band, Fleetwood Mac, in late 1974.
Tour.
Nicks and Buckingham went on tour that year to promote "Buckingham Nicks" in the American south. Bootlegged recordings from two concerts in Tuscaloosa and Birmingham, Alabama have surfaced on the Internet. These tours featured early performances of "Rhiannon", "Sorcerer", and "Monday Morning".
The touring band consisted of bassist Tom Moncrieff, who later played bass on Nicks' first solo album "Bella Donna", and drummer Gary "Hoppy" Hodges, who played drums on the album. 
Moncrieff and Hodges later formed the band Sinai 48 with a new singer-songwriter duo in 2006, marking the first reunion of any "Buckingham Nicks" members aside from the continued collaboration of Buckingham and Nicks.
Prospects of re-release.
In spite of the international success that Nicks and Buckingham later achieved, "Buckingham Nicks" has never been officially released on CD. There have been various bootleg CDs of this album which can be bought from certain websites as well as a free download copy of this album via various online file-hosting sites (most of these have been transferred from vinyl). One bootleg copy titled "Buckingham Nicks: Deluxe Edition" is available to buy on CD on certain websites (including eBay) as well as via a free download on various online file-hosting sites. This version adds 12 extra tracks which were all recorded by Buckingham Nicks at around the same period as the "Buckingham Nicks" album, but were not included on the album, possibly due to time restrictions on vinyl. A copy of this album sourced from the master tapes (as opposed to a copy taken from vinyl) is also available on various online file-hosting sites. How a copy from the master tapes got in to the public domain is not known.
Two of the album's ten songs have been issued on CD. "Long Distance Winner" was released as part of Nicks' "Enchanted" box set, and "Stephanie" turned up on a promotional only CD release by Buckingham entitled "Words and Music (A Retrospective)", although this was from a vinyl transfer as well. Another song from the album, "Crystal", was recorded by the revamped Fleetwood Mac for the group's 1975 breakthrough LP, "Fleetwood Mac", and was also recorded by Stevie herself for the soundtrack to the 1998 film "Practical Magic". "Don't Let Me Down Again" was recorded by Fleetwood Mac for their 1980 live album, as it was performed several times on tour to support the "Fleetwood Mac" album, along with "Frozen Love". Additionally, Buckingham performed "Stephanie" on his One Man Show tour in 2012. "Stephanie" is also featured on the accompanying live album, "One Man Show".
In an interview on WRLT 100.1 Nashville from September 11, 2006, Buckingham expressed interest in seeing the album released on CD. He also suggested the possibility of a future joint Lindsey Buckingham-Stevie Nicks tour in the next few years to support the prospective re-release. Backing musicians Moncrieff and Hodges have also expressed interest in reuniting with Buckingham and Nicks for a future tour.
In an interview with "NME" in August 2011, Lindsey Buckingham reiterated his interest in giving the album an official CD release. Regarding the long wait, he stated: "It's been a victim of inertia. We have every intention of putting that album back out and possibly even doing something along with it." In December 2012, Nicks was hopeful that a 40th anniversary edition of "Buckingham Nicks" would be released in 2013, claiming that at least one unreleased song from the sessions could be included on the release.
On April 30, 2013 Stevie and Lindsey as part of Fleetwood Mac released "Extended Play" their first new studio material since 2003's Say You Will via digital download on iTunes with the four-track EP containing three new songs and one new song from the Buckingham Nicks sessions ("Without You") which was a "lost" demo written during the Buckingham Nicks era, which Nicks herself had found posted on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="2920861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920861" title="Adeel Raja">
Adeel Raja

Mohammad Adeel Khalid Raja (born August 15, 1980) is a Pakistan-born Dutch cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler. He has occasionally opened the batting for the Dutch team, even though he currently holds a first class average of a mere 12.

</doc>
<doc id="2920865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920865" title="Twister roller coaster">
Twister roller coaster

A twister roller coaster is the generic name given to any roller coaster layout which tends to twist or interweave its track within itself several times. It is essentially the opposite of an Out and Back roller coaster, which is often a much more simplistic layout. Twister roller coasters often have the illusion of having small or tight clearances due to the track usually travelling through several support structures. This is known as a head chopper effect.
Twister roller coasters were unheard of before the 1920s. John Miller is credited with inventing upstop wheels and secure lapbar restraints, both which led roller coaster designers to create wilder and twistier layouts.
A good example of the difference between an out and back design and twister design is layouts of Apollo's Chariot and Raging Bull, two Bolliger & Mabillard designed hypercoaster roller coasters that debuted in 1999. Apollo's Chariot uses a traditional out and back layout while Raging Bull is a twister.

</doc>
<doc id="2920868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920868" title="Jainism in the United States">
Jainism in the United States

Adherents of Jainism first arrived in the United States in the 20th century. The most significant time of Jain immigration was in the early 1970s. The United States has since become a center of the Jain Diaspora.
History.
In 1893, Virachand Gandhi was officially first jain delegate to visit USA and represent Jainism in first ever Parliament of World Religions. Virchand Gandhi is considered a key figure in the history of American Jainism as the first practicing Jain to speak publicly in the United States about Jainism. The first St. Louis Jain temple in the United States was built for the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904. After the fair, the temple was moved to Las Vegas and later to Los Angeles. It is now owned by the Jain Society of Los Angeles. Adherents of Jainism first arrived in the United States in the 20th century. The most significant time of Jain immigration was in the early 1970s. The United States has since become a center of the Jain Diaspora.
The first former Jain monastic to travel to the United States, Chitrabhanu, arrived in 1971. He gave several lectures about Jainism at Harvard University and established a Jain center in New York. A second former monk, Acharya Sushil Kumarji, arrived in the United States in 1975. He established multiple Jain centers. In the 1980s the Federation of Jain Associations in North America was founded to support the Jain community in the United States and Canada.
As of 2010 the United States contained the most Jain temples of any country in the Jain diaspora. At least one third of the Jains living outside of India live in the United States, numbering close to 100,000. Jain temples in the United States, which numbered 26 as of 2006, frequently incorporate marble and arches in a style reminiscent of Rajasthan architecture. There are almost 100 distinct Jain congregations in the United States.
Many Jains in the United States are often employed in white-collar occupations. They also frequently volunteer at animal welfare organizations.
Jain unity.
Vinod Kapasi has argued that the differences between the Svetambara and Digambara communities are not seen as significant to most Jains in the United States. He also notes that Jain temples in North America are rarely associated with a specific sect, as they often are in India or the United Kingdom.
Federation of Jain Associations in North America.
The Federation of Jain Associations in North America is an umbrella organization of local American and Canadian Jain congregations to preserve, practice, and promote Jainism and the Jain Way of Life.
JAINA Symbol.
The Federation of Jain Associations in North America uses a modified version of the standard Jain symbol, the Jain Prateek Chihna. It replaces the Swastika with the Om, because the Swastika is not considered a pious symbol in the western world.
American Jain Centers.
Most of the Jain centers are complexes that include a main temple that houses both Shvetambara and Digambara images, libraries, meeting rooms, room for visiting monks/nuns etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2920873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920873" title="Uncorrelated asymmetry">
Uncorrelated asymmetry

In game theory an uncorrelated asymmetry is an arbitrary asymmetry in a game which is otherwise symmetrical. The name 'uncorrelated asymmetry' is due to John Maynard Smith who called payoff relevant asymmetries in games with similar roles for each player 'correlated asymmetries' (note that any game with correlated asymmetries must also have uncorrelated asymmetries). 
The explanation of an uncorrelated asymmetry usually makes reference to "informational asymmetry". Which may confuse some readers, since, games which may have uncorrelated asymmetries are still games of complete information . What differs between the same game with and without an uncorrelated asymmetry is whether the players know which role they have been assigned. If players in a symmetric game know whether they are Player 1, Player 2, "etc." (or row vs. column player in a bimatrix normal form game) then an uncorrelated asymmetry exists. If the players do not know which player they are then no uncorrelated asymmetry exists. The information asymmetry is that one player believes he is player 1 and the other believes he is player 2. Therefore, "informational asymmetry" does not refer to knowledge in the sense of an information set in an extensive form game.
The concept of uncorrelated asymmetries is important in determining which Nash equilibria are evolutionarily stable strategies in discoordination games such as the game of chicken. In these games the mixing Nash is the ESS if there is no uncorrelated asymmetry, and the pure conditional Nash equilibria are ESSes when there is an uncorrelated asymmetry. 
The usual applied example of an uncorrelated asymmetry is territory ownership in the hawk-dove game. Even if the two players ("owner" and "intruder") have the same payoffs (i.e., the game is payoff symmetric), the territory owner will play Hawk, and the intruder Dove, in what is known as the 'Bourgeois strategy' (the reverse is also an ESS known as the 'anti-bourgeois strategy', but makes little biological sense).
References.
Maynard Smith, J (1982) Evolution and the Theory of Games Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-28884-3

</doc>
<doc id="2920879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920879" title="Sangolli Rayanna">
Sangolli Rayanna

Sangolli Rayanna (Kannada: ಸಂಗೊಳ್ಳಿ ರಾಯಣ್ಣ) (15 August 1798 – 26 January 1831) was a prominent warrior from Karnataka, India. Rayanna was born on 15 August 1798. He was the army chief of the Kingdom of Kittur ruled at the time by Rani Chennamma and fought the British East India Company till his death. Rayanna belonged to Kuruba caste. His life was the subject of the 2012 Kannada film Kranthi veera Sangolli Rayanna.
Rayanna's Guerilla War.
Sangolli Rayanna also participated in the 1824 rebellion and was arrested by the British, who released him later. He continued to fight the British and wanted to install adopted son Shivalingappa as the ruler of Kittur. He mobilised local people and started a guerilla type war against the British. He and his "army" moved from place to place, burnt government offices, waylaid British troops and plundered treasuries. Most of his land was confiscated and what remained of it was heavily taxed. He taxed the landlords and built up an army from the masses. The British troops could not defeat him in open battle. Hence, by treachery, he was caught in April 1830 and tried by the British; and sentenced to death. Shivalingappa, the boy who was supposed to be the new ruler, was also arrested by the British.
Rayanna was executed by hanging to death from a Banyan tree about 4 kilometers from Nandagad in Belgaum district on 26 January 1831.
Rayanna was helped by Gajaveera, a Siddi warrior, in his revolt against the British in 1829-30.
Memorial to Rayanna.
Rayanna's mortal remains were buried near Nandagad. Legend says that a close associate of Rayanna planted a Banyan sapling on his grave. Unlike the usual 6 foot grave, Rayanna's grave is 8 feet long because Rayanna was tall - more than 7 feet. The tree is fully grown and stands to this day. An Ashoka Stambha was installed near the tree. A small temple in the name of Sangolli Rayanna was constructed at Sangolli village, in which stands a statue of Rayanna flanked by two wooden weights used for body building. One of the wooden weights is original, i.e., it was used by Rayanna himself for body building. A community hall, built in commemoration of Rayanna at Sangolli serves the villagers of Sangolli.
In popular culture.
Ballads.
The Gee Gee songs (Ballad) are heroic folklore verses composed in North Karnataka and several such songs are sung about Kittur Chennamma, Sangolli Rayanna and other figures of pre-independence Karnataka.
Motion picture.
In 1967, a motion picture was produced on his life history. Again in 2012,
his life was the subject of another Kannada-language motion picture "Kraanthiveera Sangolli Rayanna" (Legendary Warrior Sangolli Rayanna), directed by Naganna and starring Darshan Thoogudeep, Jayaprada and Nikita Thukral.

</doc>
<doc id="2920882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920882" title="Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants v Osborne">
Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants v Osborne

Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants v Osborne AC 87 is a UK labour law case, which ruled that members of trade unions would now have to "contract in" if they wanted a portion of their salary to go to a trade union, unlike the previous system of "contracting out", in which the portion of salary was taken unless the individual explicitly stated otherwise.
Facts.
Osborne, a member of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants for 16 years in Walthamstow alleged that the union's creation of a political fund to support the Labour Representation Committee in elections was done irregularly in breach of union procedure. The original rules, from 1900, contained no reference to seeking Parliamentary representation. Because of the irregularity, it was argued that the donations by the union were "ultra vires" and void.
Judgment.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords held that a union’s authority was circumscribed by the union’s rules. Use of union funds for any purpose other than those enumerated in the union rules was ultra vires.
Court of Appeal.
After bringing his action, Mr Osborne was expelled from the union. He brought a further claim that his expulsion was wrongful. The Court of Appeal held that he was wrongfully excluded. Lord Cozens-Hardy MR noted that the union was, at common law, a lawful association.
Significance.
The judgment threatened one of the Labour party's main funding sources. This was especially detrimental to the Labour Party as it supporters were generally poorer than other political parties. The two elections in 1910 saw Labour gain 40 seats and 42 seats respectively. In 1911 Herbert Henry Asquith's government decided, for the first time, that MPs should receive a salary. (Previously, only people with savings or funding organizations behind them could become members of parliament.) David Lloyd George, the Chancellor of the Exchequer gave MPs a wage of £400 per annum, which alleviated financial problems.
The Osborne judgment was overturned in 1913, by the Trade Union Act 1913. The Trade Disputes and Trade Unions Act 1927 required union members to opt into the political fund. The Trade Disputes and Trade Unions Act 1946 required that members opt out. Currently under TULRCA 1992 s 82, members have the right to not contribute to a political fund, not be discriminated against for it, and the right to complain to the Certification Officer.

</doc>
<doc id="2920887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920887" title="Firuzabad">
Firuzabad

Firuzabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2920892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920892" title="Arsakeio">
Arsakeio

Arsakeion (Αρσάκειον), or Arsákeio, is the name of a group of co-educational independent schools in Greece, administered by the "Philekpaideutikē Etaireía" (Φιλεκπαιδευτική Εταιρεία, "Society of the Friends of Education"), a non-profit organization. The Arsakeion comprises six schools, with campuses in Psychiko, Anoiksi ("Tosítseion" campus), Thessaloniki, Patras, Ioannina, and recently Tirana, Albania, with more than 9,000 total students. Plans are under way to build campuses in Komotini and in Cyprus.
The "Philekpaideutikē Etaireía" was founded in 1836, when Ioannis Kokkonis, Georgios Gennadios and Michail Apostolidis created a school where young girls could be educated after the difficult years of the Greek War of Independence. The school was endowed by the magnate Apostolos Arsakis and was named after him. Initially it was a girls-only boarding school located at Panepistimiou Street in downtown Athens, purposed to train young teachers and send them (before 1913) to Macedonia, in order to help survival of the Greek language and culture. Following Arsakis' death, the school was further endowed by Baron Michael Tositsas and his widow, Helen.
Combining a tradition of educational excellence along with appeal to more affluent families, the school flourished and created campuses in Patras (1891), Psychiko (1933), Thessaloniki (1936) and Ekali (1972). The schools started enrolling boys in 1982. The original building on Panepistimiou Street now houses the Council of State.
A campus in Tirana, Albania was inaugurated in 1999; it is being expanded with class and dormitory space.
Athens.
Psixiko
Ekali
Facilities.
he Library of Arsakeio Schools Psychico housed the first floor of the building of the Academy and covers an area of 350 sq.m.
It is common for elementary, high schools and high schools of the school and aims:
• To effectively symvalleii Schools Program and responding successfully to the informational and research needs of students, teachers, administrative and technical staff in FE
• To serve specific groups (researchers, students, etc.)
• To familiarize users with new technologies.
The library function the following sections:
the Reading Room
It is the place to read and use printed materials by library users. In this section are all reference books (encyclopedias, dictionaries, etc.) as well as History, Philosophy and Literature (Greek and foreign).
The Department of Information and Lending
In this section, directly related to the Reading Room will refer the member of the lending library and the whole process of using the library. Also in this section are magazines, books and children's books of all other sciences.
The Electronic Library
This section is equipped with H / PC for use by the public. 
It features CD-ROMs, CDs, disks, cassettes, videotapes for group or individual use. It also has a permanent Internet connection (Internet), in which users have access via 6 computers.
Patras Science Laboratories.
In Patras Arsakeia Schools already operates a fully equipped science lab which consists of a laboratory room, office and Preparation of teachers.
The laboratory has a fully equipped offices and preparations, and consumable materials to the students performed in groups.
It has computers with Internet connection, printer and projector for presentations of the course with the help of new technologies.
From school year 2009-2010 in Patra Arsakeio operate three new classrooms, laboratories Physics Chemistry and Biology, Preparation of test preparation exercises and teacher offices.
These rooms feature the most modern school laboratory equipment, so students can experiment in groups and be able to discover or confirm the basic laws of nature in the field of physics, chemistry and biology.
At each workbench facilities for low and high voltage and usability of personal computers with Internet connection from each student.
The seat of the teacher has full multimedia equipment (computer, projector, screen, internet connection and printer), to permit their use during the lesson, according to modern methods of teaching.
The laboratory exercises are scheduled at the beginning of the school year by teachers teaching in collaboration with the Coordinator of Physical Educational lessons of the Company and the head of the school laboratory.
The laboratory equipment updated and supplemented annually and covers a wide range of experimental devices, beyond those that are mandated by the Ministry of Education.
This may be carried out laboratory activities that contribute to a better assimilation of the curriculum provided by the Ministry of Education curriculum.
This laboratory activities are either in the form of "demonstration experiments" or as "frontal tests" (i.e. experiments made by the students separated into groups of 2-4 people).
The halls were built with a grant to the proprietor, president of the Center for Science Education, Konstantinos Dimitriadis is the start of promising cooperation between the Company and the Educational Center for Science Education

</doc>
<doc id="2920901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920901" title="Karmacode">
Karmacode

Karmacode is the fourth studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil, released on 31 March 2006 in several countries in Europe, 3 April in the UK and other European countries, April 4 in North America, and 5 April in several other European countries. 500,000 copies of "Karmacode" have officially been sold worldwide.
In Italy the album sold over 20,000 copies, earning the album a Silver record. In the United States, the album sold around 200.000 copies.
The album's four singles released include "Our Truth", the Depeche Mode cover of "Enjoy the Silence", "Closer", and "Within Me". Vocalist Cristina Scabbia confirmed that the song "Without Fear" is an Italian song. Music videos for all singles have been released.
"Karmacode" has a more prominent Middle-Eastern sound compared with Lacuna Coil's previous releases. The album is considered a blend of classical and modern rock, which is notably heavier and more metallic than previous releases. Popmatters comments that the album "doesn’t take any bold steps forward, but it still shows just how good Lacuna Coil are at what they do, presented in a high-gloss, primed-for-stardom package that is bound to go over huge".
Two songs from the album have been featured in music video games: "Closer" in "" and as downloadable content in "Rock Band", and "Our Truth" in "Rock Band 2" and "Guitar Hero World Tour".
In September 2007, Lacuna Coil and website digitalmusician.net launched a competition titled "To the Edge remix", accepting remixes of song "To the Edge", with the possibility of a release.
Tracklist.
All songs written by Lacuna Coil, except "Enjoy the Silence" written by Martin Gore

</doc>
<doc id="2920915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920915" title="Starland Ballroom">
Starland Ballroom

The Starland Ballroom is a concert venue located in Sayreville, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. Opening night was December 7, 2003 and featured a performance by former Van Halen lead singer David Lee Roth. The venue was formerly known as the Hunka Bunka Ballroom, which operated as a dance music club in the 1980s and 1990s, though throughout the '90s it often hosted concerts, specifically punk and ska lineups.
History.
In its first year of operation, over 150,000 tickets were sold to Starland events, enough to make the venue as one of the 10 largest concert nightclubs in the world, according to Pollstar magazine.
In its second year of operation, Starland sold over 205,000 tickets, qualifying it as the fourth-best ticket-selling concert nightclub in the world, according to Pollstar magazine. 
In just five years, Starland has sold close to three-quarters of a million tickets, while constantly ranking as one of the best-selling concert nightclubs in the United States and beyond. Celebrities and musicians alike have been spotted at Starland, including New Jersey native Bruce Springsteen, Cameron Diaz, Howard Stern Show star Artie Lang, comedians Jim Florentine and Bob Levy, Hilary Duff, baseball star Mike Piazza, Peter Fonda and others. 
On August 20, 2004, Coheed and Cambria filmed a concert at Starland Ballroom and released it as a DVD, entitled "Live at the Starland Ballroom". Heavy metal band Anthrax, Clutch and God Forbid, have also filmed a DVD at Starland, while bands like My Chemical Romance, Taking Back Sunday and The Starting Line have filmed performances at the venue for broadcast on MTV, Fuse and elsewhere.
In January 2005, the Starland Ballroom hosted a pair of concerts to raise money for victims of the December 26 tsunamis. My Chemical Romance, Taking Back Sunday, Senses Fail and dozens more performed over two nights, raising over $150,000 for UNICEF and the International Red Cross. In September 2005, Dashboard Confessional and Coheed and Cambria co-headlined an event at Starland to raise $80,000 for Direct Relief International's efforts to assist victims of the Hurricane Katrina disaster. Also, the post-hardcore band Thursday, from nearby New Brunswick filmed most of the live footage for their DVD, "Kill the House Lights", inside the Starland Ballroom.
The building is believed to be the place where hometown stars Jon Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora (lead singer and guitarist of Bon Jovi) met in the early 1980s.
On April 13, 2007, the building was purchased by AEG Live, one of the largest producers of live concert and sporting events in the world. AEG Live's New Jersey operations run out of the Starland facility, including operational and booking efforts related to the All Points West Music & Arts Festival, Toms River Fest, and performances at venues like The Count Basie Theatre, The Ritacco Center, The State Theatre and more. 
In July 2008, a film called "The Perfect Age Of Rock And Roll", starring Peter Fonda, Lauren Holly, Jason Ritter, Taryn Manning, Billy Dee Williams and Ruby Dee, filmed its club scenes inside the venue.
Many famous singers and entertainers of the 2000s have performed at the Starland Ballroom such as Adam Lambert, Mac Miller, Chris Brown, and many others.
The venue suffered significant damage in October 2012 due to Hurricane Sandy. On November 13, 2012 it was announced that all shows were being cancelled or moved to other venues, and that they anticipated not being able to open until Spring 2013. During this time the Starland Ballroom Facebook page mostly gave information about concerts at other affiliated venues in the area.
In May 2013 the Facebook page started posting pictures and videos promoting that an announcement would be made on June 4, 2013. 
On June 4, 2013 it was announced that the Starland Ballroom would reopen in September 2013. This was accompanied by the relaunch of their website (which previously only showed an explanation of why they were closed) and a list of upcoming concerts scheduled to take place starting in September.
On September 6, 2013, Starland Ballroom reopened with a performance by Stone Temple Pilots and Chester Bennington.

</doc>
<doc id="2920916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920916" title="List of numerical computational geometry topics">
List of numerical computational geometry topics

List of numerical computational geometry topics enumerates the topics of computational geometry that deals with geometric objects as continuous entities and applies methods and algorithms of nature characteristic to numerical analysis. This area is also called "machine geometry", computer-aided geometric design, and geometric modelling.
See List of combinatorial computational geometry topics for another flavor of computational geometry that states problems in terms of geometric objects as discrete entities and hence the methods of their solution are mostly theories and algorithms of combinatorial character.
Curves.
In the list of curve topics, the following ones are fundamental to geometric modelling.

</doc>
<doc id="2920921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920921" title="Due to High Expectations... The Flaming Lips Are Providing Needles for Your Balloons">
Due to High Expectations... The Flaming Lips Are Providing Needles for Your Balloons

Due to High Expectations... The Flaming Lips are Providing Needles for Your Balloons (usually referred to as Providing Needles for Your Balloons) is a compilation EP released by the American rock group The Flaming Lips in 1994.
According to the band's website, it was released because there had been new albums in 1992 and 1993, but there would not be in 1994, thus the fans were expecting new Lips material. This is probably due to the success of "Transmissions from the Satellite Heart" and the band's extensive promotion of that album. The EP is a collection of demos, live recordings, and covers. Due to the length of the tracks and the number of them, the EP runs as long as a full album. The artwork reflects the graphic themes of "Transmissions from the Satellite Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="2920924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920924" title="Room Temperature (novel)">
Room Temperature (novel)

Room Temperature is Nicholson Baker's second book, and continues the genre established in his first novel "The Mezzanine", though this time the action spans a few minutes at the narrator's home (in Quincy, Massachusetts).
Mike is feeding his baby daughter, "the Bug", as her head rests in the crook of his arm. He blows in the direction of a mobile; twenty seconds and two dozen pages later, he is surprised to see the mobile move. Mike's thoughts wander as he contemplates, for example, the possibility of admitting to one's wife that one has been picking one's nose (body functions are discussed extensively, perhaps prompted by the baby's presence), or the juxtaposition of Debussy and Skippy peanut butter jars in a symphonic poem. The novel was received warmly but without great enthusiasm, as an enjoyable if slightly demure domestic follow-up to "The Mezzanine". Mike may be expressing Baker's approach to writing when he thinks "...that with a little concentration one's whole life could be reconstructed from any single twenty-minute period randomly or almost randomly selected."

</doc>
<doc id="2920926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920926" title="Baruch Dego">
Baruch Dego

Baruch Dego (born March 26, 1981) is an Israeli-Ethiopian football player. He currently plays for Hapoel Ashkelon in Israel's Liga Leumit.
Dego, who grew up in Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C., was transferred to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. in 2000/01, and won a championship and three national trophies. In 2004/05, he was the only player to score for Maccabi in the UEFA Champions League group stage. He scored two goals against Ajax Amsterdam in the local win 2–1, one goal from penalty against Juventus (1–1) and another penalty goal at Bayern Munich (5–1 to Bayern).
Maccabi's fans saw Dego as one of the main reasons for Maccabi beloved captain Avi Nimni's dismissal in August 2003, and when Dego's adoptive father, David Tshuva, spoke to the press against Maccabi the fans called Dego to leave to the city rival. After the 2004/05 season, he did that and transferred to Hapoel Tel-Aviv.
After spending 3 seasons with Hapoel Tel-Aviv winning two more Israeli State Cup he moved to Maccabi Natanya that at the time was coached by German legend Lothar Matthäus where he lasted only couple of months and playing only one official match before he was released by the club and signed two year contract with his youth club F.C. Ashdod not able to show the same ability from the start of his career . Until at January 2010 transfer window he reunited with his former coach Nir Klinger at Nea Salamis Famagusta FC .
On May 28 Apollon Limassol announced that Dego signed a two year contract with the club. Dego has reunited with his former Maccabi Tel Aviv attack partner Aldo Adorno with whom he played with during the 2003–2004 season.
On 6 July 2011, he joined Ironi Ramat HaSharon. He was released in the middle of the 2012–13 season, and subsequently signed a contract to play for Hapoel Rishon LeZion of Israel's second league until the end of the season, with the hope of helping them to move up a league to Israel's top league for the next season.
Personal life.
Baruch younger brother Messay is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="2920947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920947" title="Communication Arts (magazine)">
Communication Arts (magazine)

Communication Arts is the largest international trade journal of visual communications. Founded in 1959 by Richard Coyne and Robert Blanchard, the magazine’s coverage includes graphic design, advertising, photography, illustration and interactive media. The magazine continues to be edited and published under the guidance of Coyne’s wife Jean and their son Patrick Coyne. Currently, "Communication Arts" (CA) publishes six issues a year and hosts six creative competitions in graphic design, advertising, photography, illustration, typography and interactive media and two Web sites, commarts.com and creativehotlist.com.
History.
The first issue debuted in August 1959 as the "Journal of Commercial Art". Among a number of innovations, it was the first U.S. magazine printed by offset lithography. It was also perfect bound. Since there were no commercial perfect binders available, issues were bound by hand in an experiment under an arrangement with Stanford University Press. 
Within six months, paid circulation grew to 10,000. Paid advertising, however, was low and CA was not a financial success. After Blanchard left to go into business by himself, Coyne and a small staff continued to write, design, and produce the magazine. Eventually, paid circulation increased to 38,000. 
CA’s current audited paid circulation is 63,043 and an average of 3.1 people see each issue, giving Communication Arts an estimated reach of 189,129 readers.
Competitions.
To generate additional income and editorial content, CA began an annual juried competition in 1960. Within a few years, the annual competition grew, and eventually segmented into four annual competitions: graphic design, advertising, photography and illustration. A fifth competition, interactive, was added in 1995. All the CA competitions are juried by respected creative professionals who help to establish the annual competitions as benchmarks for excellence.
Online presences.
CA was the first major design publication to launch a Web presence (Communication Arts) in 1995. In addition to showcasing creative work in visual communications, it included job listings. The jobs section grew, and was relaunched in 2001 as a standalone website, Creative Hotlist. 
CA’s companion website (Communication Arts) was relaunched in January 2008 and was designed to provide daily inspiration for creative professionals through multiple features. Exhibit features new and innovative projects in graphic design and advertising from around the world. Fresh features the latest work from people, firms and agencies that have been working professionally for five years or less. Webpicks features examples of Web design selected based on a combination of aesthetics, technical expertise, functionality and overall experience. Insights provides inspiration and ideas from well-known/established creative personalities. 
These two websites receive approximately three million page views and 250,000 unique visitors per month.

</doc>
<doc id="2920949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920949" title="Jan Eriksson">
Jan Eriksson

Jan Jonas Jakob Eriksson (born 24 August 1967 in Sundsvall) is a former footballer from Sweden. He played 35 matches and scored four goals for the national team. Two of those goals came at the Euro 1992. He was selected for the 1990 FIFA World Cup squad, but did not play. Eriksson was also selected for the Swedish 1994 FIFA World Cup squad but had to leave the team just before the start of the tournament because of an injury. He was replaced by Teddy Lucic.
He was awarded Guldbollen in 1992. Eriksson's father Jan-Åke Eriksson and younger brother Patrik Eriksson-Ohlsson are also footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="2920957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920957" title="Silvermine Nature Reserve">
Silvermine Nature Reserve

Silvermine Nature Reserve forms part of the Table Mountain National Park in Cape Town, South Africa. It covers the section of the Cape Peninsula mountain range from the Kalk Bay mountains through to Constantiaberg. The area is a significant conservation area for the indigenous fynbos vegetation which is of the montane cone-bush type at this location. 
The Ou Kaapse Weg main road runs through the reserve, cutting it into a northern and southern section. The Silvermine reservoir, on the north side, was built in 1898 to supply water to Cape Town.
Until recently there were significant pine plants in the reserve, but the last of these were felled in 2000 following a major fire in the area. 
The area is popular for walking, hiking, picnicking, and mountain biking. There are a number of sandstone cave systems in the reserve and there are rock climbing routes on Muizenberg.
The Silvermine river, which starts in the reserve and runs to Clovelly, is the only river in the Cape Peninsula that runs its whole course without going through a developed area.
The South African Navy's Maritime Rescue Co-ordination Centre is in an underground bunker on the lower slopes of the Silvermine mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="2920965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920965" title="Lopez-Fitzgerald family">
Lopez-Fitzgerald family

The Lopez-Fitzgerald family is a fictional working class Mexican-Irish family in the fictional New England town of Harmony on NBC/DirecTV's daytime drama, "Passions". The Lopez-Fitzgeralds earned the wrath of Crane patriarch Alistair Crane in the 1980s when Martin Fitzgerald ran off with Alistair's wife, Katherine, and the entire family has suffered ever since. The two families met due to the marriage of Ivy Winthrop and Julian Crane. Pilar had previously been a maid for Maine Governor Harrison Winthrop but moved with his daughter Ivy to Harmony to be her maid (and by extension the maid of the Cranes).
Family tree.
Martin Fitzgerald
<br>Son of Brian Fitzgerald and "unnamed" O'Leary.
m. Pilar Lopez
<br>Daughter of Antonio and Maria Lopez; sister of Florencia, Francisco, and Maria Lopez.
Note: the letter "m" indicates a marriage, "a" an affair, "r" a rape, and "c" a child resulting from one of those unions.

</doc>
<doc id="2920972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920972" title="Sparks (TV series)">
Sparks (TV series)

Sparks is an American sitcom that aired on UPN from August 26, 1996 to March 2, 1998. The series stars James Avery, Robin Givens, Terrence Howard, and Miguel A. Núñez, Jr. The sitcom is set in Compton, California, and is about the every day lives of a family of lawyers running a family owned law practice. Reruns of the show aired on BET in the late-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="2920973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920973" title="Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia leadership elections">
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia leadership elections

The Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia, Canada, has held seven leadership elections since World War II. The last was in the October 2010, following the resignation of Rodney MacDonald.
1925 leadership election.
Edgar Nelson Rhodes was elected at a meeting of the party executive and nominated candidates on May 21, 1925.
1948 leadership convention.
Party President Robert Stanfield won this convention handily defeating C. Fred Fraser 246-76 on November 10, 1948. Stanfield would go on to become premier from 1956 to 1967. In 1967, he won the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada and led that party for another nine years.
1967 leadership convention.
With Stanfield's election as federal leader, the provincial leadership and premiership opened up. His long-time right-hand man, G.I. (Ike) Smith, ran for the leadership and was acclaimed on November 4, 1967.
1971 leadership convention.
Three candidates, all in their thirties, ran for the leadership of the opposition Tories. Two former cabinet ministers, Gerry Doucet, the 33-year-old MLA for Richmond, and John Buchanan, the 39-year-old MLA for Halifax Atlantic were running against the 36-year-old mayor of Dartmouth, Rollie Thornhill.
Second ballot.
Thornhill personally supported Buchanan, but "released" his delegates to support either candidate.
1991 leadership convention.
After a couple of decades, including 12 years as premier, John Buchanan resigned the party leadership when he was summoned to the Senate.
Four candidates fought to succeed him as premier. Rollie Thornhill, from the 1971 race, would make a second run for the leadership, this time after sitting in the House as the MLA for Dartmouth South for 17 years. Caucus colleagues running were Donald Cameron, the MLA for Pictou East who entered the House when Thornhill did; and Tom McInnis, the 13-year MLA for Eastern Shore. Rounding out the field was Clair Callaghan, the principal of the Technical University of Nova Scotia (now part of Dalhousie University), and a candidate in the 1988 general election.
1995 leadership convention.
In a one member one vote telephone election, John Hamm was elected on the first ballot:
2006 leadership convention.
First Ballot:
Second Ballot (LeBlanc eliminated, supports MacDonald):
2010 leadership convention.
Jamie Baillie was acclaimed leader on October 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2920977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920977" title="Tom Richmond (cricketer)">
Tom Richmond (cricketer)

Thomas Leonard "Tich" Richmond (23 June 1890 in Radcliffe-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire – 29 December 1957 in Saxondale, Nottinghamshire) was a cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire and England.
A small and somewhat rotund leg-break and googly bowler, Richmond played a few matches for Nottinghamshire before the First World War, but came to the fore in the years after it, taking 100 wickets and more every season from 1920 to 1926. His best year was 1922 when he took 169 wickets, then a Nottinghamshire record, later overtaken by Bruce Dooland. His career then faded rather fast, and he dropped out of the county side after 1928. 
Richmond's one Test match was on his home ground of Trent Bridge against the all-conquering Australian cricket team of 1921 led by Warwick Armstrong. He scored six runs in two innings and took two wickets for 86 runs, but was never chosen again. 
Richmond's batting was rarely of any account, and, like his fielding, suffered as he got older and stouter. But in 1922, against Derbyshire at Worksop, he scored 70 in 65 minutes, putting on 140 for the tenth wicket with Sam Staples.

</doc>
<doc id="2920986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920986" title="Sunshine Hit Me">
Sunshine Hit Me

Sunshine Hit Me is the debut album from the British band The Bees. At the time when the album was recorded the band only comprised Paul Butler and Aaron Fletcher, who wrote, performed and recorded the album alone using a home studio in Butler's parent's garden. Both Butler and Fletcher had been notables on the Isle of Wight local scene for a while, performing in local indie/electronic outfits Pnu Riff and, more recently, the Exploding Thumbs. Butler had also guested on several other island albums, including some by Max Brennan.
The album is very eclectic and summery, with a range of influences, including psychedelia, Jamaican dub, reggae, indie, 1960s rock and others. As a result it is very difficult to describe, and perhaps a somewhat surprising choice for a cult album. However its infectious grooves, and laid-back summer sounds propelled it to the front of the British music scene, even earning it a Mercury Music Prize nomination. The main single "A Minha Menina" was used in a Citroën car advertisement, which also helped the band to get noticed. The track was also used in an advert for Magners Irish Cider in December 2008, as well as a Mars advertisement in Australia in 2002. 
The band followed up the album by several tours, which resulted in the band expanding into the current lineup in order to play the material live. However, all the members had played with Butler before on the island, whether in his other projects or simply in informal jams (whilst Butler and Fletcher produced and performed the album themselves, the entire six-piece is credited on the back sleeve). After the huge success of the album, the band signed to Virgin, who released the follow-up "Free The Bees" in 2004.
The album features in the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die".
Track listing.
US Version Bonus Track

</doc>
<doc id="2920990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920990" title="Roger Ljung">
Roger Ljung

Roger Ljung (born 8 January 1966) is a Swedish retired footballer who played as a left defender. 
In a ten-year professional career he played, other than in his country, in Switzerland, Austria, Turkey and Germany, representing six different teams, namely Malmö and Admira Wacker.
A Swedish international on nearly 60 occasions, Ljung represented the country in two World Cups – helping to a third-place finish in 1994 – and one European Championship.
Club career.
Born in Lomma, Scania, Ljung started his football career at the age of six, with lowly Lunds BK. In 1985 he was purchased by Allsvenskan outfit Malmö FF, being mostly used as a substitute in his early years and being on the roster as the club won five national championships in a row, with the player contributing regularly in the 1987 and 1988 editions.
In the summer of 1989 Ljung transferred to BSC Young Boys in Switzerland, moving in the following season to another club in the Swiss Super League, FC Zürich. He enjoyed his best individual years in Austria with FC Admira Wacker, scoring 26 Bundesliga goals in 67 games in his first two years combined, albeit without team silverware. 
In 1994, after some months in Turkey with Galatasaray SK, Ljung transferred to MSV Duisburg in Germany. After appearing in less of half of the games during the campaign and also suffering relegation from the Bundesliga, he decided to retire from football at only 29. 
International career.
Ljung played 59 matches for the Swedish national team, scoring four goals. He was picked for the squad that appeared in the 1990 FIFA World Cup, playing only once in an eventual group stage exit.
Ljung was also selected for the team in UEFA Euro 1992, played on home soil: his contribution to the final third-place was again minimal, as he only featured in the 2–3 semifinal loss against Germany.
In the 1994 World Cup in the United States, Ljung opened the national team's scoring account in a 2–2 group stage draw against Cameroon. This time, he was an undisputed starter for the side – playing in six of seven games – whom eventually finished third.
Ljung also participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, with Sweden ousting in the quarterfinals.
Post-retirement.
After retiring from professional football in 1995, Ljung became a sports agent. He started his own agency in Lomma, "Roger Ljung Promotion AB", being at the time one of only three licensed agents in the country; newspaper Aftonbladet considered him to be Sweden's most successful agent.
Ljung's most notable client was Fredrik Ljungberg, who played several years in the Premier League. He brokered his deal with Arsenal for a £3 million transfer fee, and the pair parted ways in December 2006 when the player signed with mega-agency Creative Artists.
Other players Ljung worked for included Marcus Allbäck, Patrik Andersson, Erik Edman,
Andreas Isaksson, Kim Källström, and Teddy Lucic.

</doc>
<doc id="2920999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2920999" title="No. 3">
No. 3

No. 3 (넘버3) is a 1997 South Korean gangster comedy film starring Han Suk-kyu as the titular no. 3 man of a gangster organization who's aspiring to rise up the ranks and become the leader of his own gang. It was writer-director Song Nung-han's debut film.
Themes.
In their "Korean Film; History, Resistance, and Democratic Imagination", Min Eung-jun et al. state that through his portrayal of gangster society in this film, Song allegorically criticizes all of contemporary South Korean society. Calling the film a "black comedy employing satire and self-reflexivity," Min says the film represents a revisionist impulse in contemporary Korean cinema for several reasons. It uses violence allegorically not as an expression of repressed sexuality, but as an expression of the absurdity of Korean society. Also, rather than focus exclusively on male aspirations, it simultaneously shows the desires of its female characters as well. Further, in satirizing Korean society, it does not exclude the bourgeoisie from its critical eye. 
Rather than employ the straightforward narrative techniques and "ruthless logic" of the traditional gangster film such as director Im Kwon-taek's "General's Son" trilogy, "No. 3" uses a purposely artificial and stylized technique to satirize both the gangster genre and society at large. Like "Green Fish", released the same year, and other "new" gangster films, "No. 3" refuses to deal with a story built around the traditional Korean concept of "han", a concept which Min calls "endurance and acceptance of painful life within the community". "No. 3" replaces "han" with "new values" such as materialism and individualism, which are then held up for ridicule.
Min singles out the last segment of the film, "Chaos", for analysis, calling it one of the major achievements of the new Korean cinema. In this part of the film, the Korean gang boss has invited his Japanese gangster associates for a meeting in a room salon. While the meeting is in progress, the wife of the Korean boss is having sex with her poetry tutor in another room. An argument over the ownership of the Liancourt Islands breaks out between the lower strata of Japanese and Korean gangsters just as a rival gang breaks in to assassinate the Korean boss. Police then show up to arrest the entire group. Min says that this kaleidoscopic portrayal of the chaos of contemporary society "...portrays in a tongue-in-cheek manner the anarchic blending of gangland with business, loyalty... with infidelity, sex with poetry, and violence with nationalism."

</doc>
<doc id="2921002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921002" title="Kikuna Station">
Kikuna Station

History.
Kikuna Station was opened on February 14, 1926 as a station on the privately held Tokyo-Yokohama Railway Company (the predecessor to the Tōkyū Tōyoko Line). The Japanese Government Railways (the predecessor to the JNR) began operations to Kikuna on September 1 of the same year. All freight operations were suspended from 1970. In 1972, Tōkyū Tōyoko Line portion of the station was rebuilt, with new elevated tracks and a new station building; however, the tracks remained unused until the Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line connected to the station in 1988 (which was then discontinued on 15 March 2013 when the Daikan-yama to Shibuya section of Tōkyū Tōyoko Line was moved to underground and with through running to Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line began). With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the JNR portion of the station came under the operational control of JR East. The Tōkyū Tōyoko Line platforms were lengthened in 1991 to accommodate seven-car trains; with through running with Fukutoshin Line, the platforms were lengthened again to accommodate ten-car trains.
Lines.
Through services operate to/from Shibuya Station via the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line.
Station layout.
JR Kikuna Station has a single island platform serving two elevated tracks, connected to the station building and the Tōkyū Tōyoko Line by an underpass. Tōkyū Tōyoko Kikuna Station has two island platforms serving four tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="2921007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921007" title="Frank Joseph Hughes">
Frank Joseph Hughes

Frank Joseph Hughes (November 26, 1883 – April 14, 1967) was a Canadian lawyer and puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Born in Peel County, Ontario, the son of James Hughes and Winnifred Mullarkey, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen's University in 1907 and studied at Osgoode Hall Law School. In 1911, he was called to the Bar of Ontario. He practiced law until he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada on March 17, 1933. He resigned on February 13, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="2921009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921009" title="Jim Paek">
Jim Paek

Jim Paek () (born April 7, 1967) is a former professional ice hockey player. Paek played in the National Hockey League from 1990–91 to 1994–95. He is the first of two Korean-born hockey players to ever play in the NHL – the other being Richard Park. He is currently an assistant coach with the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
Playing career.
Paek was the first player of Korean descent to play hockey in the NHL. Paek was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the ninth round, 170th overall, in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. Before joining the NHL in 1990–91, he played three seasons for the Oshawa Generals (1984–85 to 1986–87) of the OHL and three seasons with the Muskegon Lumberjacks (1987–88 to 1989–90) of the IHL. Paek also played 48 games for the Canadian National Team in 1990–91.
Paek's NHL career began with the Penguins in 1990–91. Upon entering the league, he became the first Korean-born hockey player to ever play in the NHL and since he was part of the Penguins' Stanley Cup run of 1990–91, he became the first player of Korean descent to have his name engraved on the Cup. His Penguins sweater now hangs in the Hockey Hall of Fame honouring this feat.
After four seasons and two Stanley Cups in Pittsburgh, Paek was traded mid-season to the Los Angeles Kings in 1993–94 as part of the deal that brought Tomas Sandström to the Penguins. After only 18 regular season games as a King, he moved on, signing with the Ottawa Senators for the 1994–95 NHL season.
After only 29 games with the Ottawa Senators in 1994–95, he left the NHL and began play in the International Hockey League. In the IHL, he played for the Houston Aeros, Minnesota Moose, Manitoba Moose, and Cleveland Lumberjacks. His next stop was Great Britain, where he joined the Nottingham Panthers of the British Ice Hockey Superleague. With the exception of 40 games in 2001–02 with the Anchorage Aces of the West Coast Hockey League, he played out the rest of his career with the Panthers, retiring after the 2002–03 season.
In five NHL seasons, Paek played 217 regular season games, scored 5 goals, had 29 assists for 34 points. He also racked up 155 penalty minutes. Added to his regular season totals are 27 playoff games, 1 goal, 4 assists, 5 points, and 8 penalty minutes.
Coaching career.
When Paek signed on as a player for the Anchorage Aces, he also signed on as an assistant defensive coach for the team.
After retiring from playing, he coached the Orlando Seals of the World Hockey Association 2. He coached only one season as the league folded after a single season (2003–04). He had a record of 27 wins, 25 losses, and 5 overtime losses.
Paek took a year off from the professional coaching ranks in 2004–05 and coached the St. Edward (Lakewood, Ohio) High School team to an Ohio state championship. While coaching at St.Edward, he also led a last place seed Cleveland Jr. Panthers ('91 birth year)team to an Eastern Elite Amateur Hockey League title. 
Paek is, as of the end of the 2005–06 season, associate coach of the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League. The team is the minor league affiliate of the Detroit Red Wings.

</doc>
<doc id="2921020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921020" title="Impellitteri">
Impellitteri

Impellitteri is a heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed and led by guitarist Chris Impellitteri. Since inception, the band has released numerous albums which are notable mainly due to Chris Impellitteri's speed/shred style of playing.
Band history.
Chris Impellitteri formed Impellitteri together with Rob Rock in Los Angeles, California. They released an EP simply titled "Impellitteri". The self-titled EP featured high energy energetic heavy metal with fast guitar solos. Vocalist for the EP was Rob Rock.
After the EP the band regrouped, this time with Graham Bonnet as lead singer, and released A semi-tribute album to the more famous metal vocalists of the era titled "Stand In Line". MTV played Impellitteri's music video for Stand In Line in its rotation, and Chris Impellitteri was a guest host on MTV's Headbanger's Ball. The fans voted Impellitteri a smash on MTV's Smash or Trash show featured during the release of the album. The album charted in Billboards top 100 and remained there for over 5 months. However, Impellitteri stated The Black EP was Impellitteri's style of music, and Stand in line was only intended to be a tribute to the legendary vocalists of the past's music, and not as a traditional Impellitteri metal shred record. Impellitteri has submitted copyright claims to YouTube for postings of live footage from this era.
After some touring and label deals, Impellitteri returned (again with Rob Rock on vocals). They recorded and released the popular EP titled "Victim of the System", which was produced by Mike Tacci who was the assistant engineer on Metallica's Black album. In late 1994, they released "Answer to the Master".
In 1996, Impellitteri released "Screaming Symphony". The record was mixed by highly-reputed producer Michael Wagener who had produced Metallica and Ozzy Osbourne in the past. The next year, they released another record titled: "Eye of the Hurricane". In 2000 Impellitteri released "Crunch".
Shortly after Crunch, Rob Rock decided to pursue a solo career and Impellitteri again recruited Graham Bonnet and began working on their next album. In 2002 they released "System X". That year they also released a compilation of hits called "".
The reunion with Bonnet would be short-lived as they parted ways some time shortly thereafter. Impellitteri recruited Curtis Skelton, releasing "Pedal to the Metal" in 2004, displaying some of their most aggressive music to date.
In May 2008, it was announced that Rob Rock was, once again, back in Impellitteri. They collaborated on a new album called "Wicked Maiden" with a working title of "Good and Evil". 
"Wicked Maiden" was released in Japan and Europe on February 24, 2009,with the intent of releasing the new album in the United States in 2011, followed by the Impellitteri shredfest tour.
Beliefs.
As far as Christian metal ties, Impellitteri (the band) does not consider themselves to be a Christian band. Rob Rock said the following in an interview:
Discography.
Studio Albums
EPs
Live Albums
Compilation Albums

</doc>
<doc id="2921024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921024" title="JoJo's Circus">
JoJo's Circus

"JoJo's Circus" is an interactive stop-motion musical comedy series for preschool children. The series is created by the combined efforts of Jim Jinkins, David Campbell, Mildred Seidman, Lisa Jinkins and Eric Weiner and produced by Cuppa Coffee Studios and Cartoon Pizza. The series is written by Douglas Wood, the creative executive for Tiny Toon Adventures and Animaniacs. It first aired on the Disney Channel as part of the Playhouse Disney morning programming schedule (6am eastern time) from September 28, 2003, to May 17, 2013. It is currently being broadcast on Disney Junior. JoJo's Circus marks as the first Claymation series done by Jinkins himself. It features songs with music by Jeffrey Zahn and Jim Latham and lyrics by Judy Rothman.
Plot.
The series is set in Circus Town, a self-sufficient city whose cultural center is the "Big Top" tent. The story focuses on JoJo Tickle, a young female clown, and Goliath, JoJo's pet lion. She and Goliath study at the Little Big Top Circus School, where all young soon-to-be circus performers learn under their teacher Mrs. Kersplatski. Along with her friends, JoJo explores and learns while dealing with challenging situations.
Recurring themes.
"JoJo's Circus" relies on repetition in its structure. Each segment always begins with JoJo searching for her pet lion Goliath who is always hiding. JoJo then is presented with the situation that will occupy the theme of the show. A song, usually about the resolution of the situation, is then sung by JoJo.
At the conclusion of each episode, a secondary character asks, "What did you learn today, JoJo?", and before she can reply, JoJo is whisked away for the finale, the "spotlight moment." JoJo is then placed on a makeshift stage with various cameramen, lighting grips, and producers running about, while the "Spotlight Moment" song plays, asking what she's learned, is sung and Jojo taps her foot along (in some episodes she also taps her hand on her leg). Subsequently, JoJo explains what she has learned in the course of the episode. * Note in " Nighty Night" and in "Sleep-Over Surprises" special lullaby version of the "Spotlight Moment" song is performed.
Characters.
Major characters.
JoJo, the main character of the show, is an inquisitive and active clown whose parents are famous circus clowns. She's kind-hearted, has a great sense of humor, boundless curiosity, and excitement about life.
Goliath is JoJo's lion and attends school just like JoJo. He's also part of the Tickle family. Because of his playfulness, he hides from JoJo in the beginning of each episode.
Skeebo, known as the class cowboy clown since he wears a floppy cowboy hat and a star badge on his vest is JoJo's best friend, and attends school with her and the other circus kids. Skeebo's eager to make people laugh by testing new jokes, slight gags, and tricks which sometimes fail to work. Skeebo has a pet dog named Harpo.
Croaky, the great leaper of the group, met JoJo on the first day of school, when she realized she had different abilities and agreed to help each other learn different tricks.
Trina is a ballet dancing, tightrope walker. She comes across as abrupt and snobbish on occasion, but apologizes for her mistakes when she becomes aware of them.
Mr. Tickle — JoJo's dad and Peaches's husband — is a jolly clown who often blasts off to work in a cannon.
Peaches is JoJo's mom and Mr. Tickle's wife. She is a tall, skinny clown who is full of sunshine and is often makes goodies for her family and Circus Town residents. She's klutzy by nature, but a good juggler and sometimes catches 15 objects in the air when she accidentally trips.
She's JoJo's teacher and the big top ringmaster. A warm and encouraging teacher, Mrs. Kersplatski gives the circus kids a strong sense of mastery and confidence, with her combination of hard work and play. In the second season, she married Mr. Muscles and became Maya's stepmother. She is very clumsy and after she trips, her catchphrase is "I'm OK!"
Minor characters.
Dinky is a sweet and frisky baby elephant. While Dinky may be clumsy and somewhat oafish, when he dances, he turns into "Mr. Graceful." His favorite game is "Hide and Seek".
Tater is one of the two kids in the Spudinski clan. His sleepy potato nature seems to be the antithesis to the "get up and go" feel of the show, but sometimes he can't help but join in the fun. In the second season, he has a baby sister named Small Fry.
Bal Boa is a contortionist snake with a talent for making number and letter shapes. Bal Boa also has a knack for troublemaking. He thinks it's fun to coax JoJo and others into doing what they are not supposed to do, and the kids are sometimes susceptible to Bal Boa charms. Bal Boa is also an expert on harvesting squirting flowers by doing a trance dance.
Also called the Flying Froginis, the two Italian-accented brothers are expert jumpers and trapeze artists. Fellini and Federico are uncle and father, respectively, to Croaky. (Note in the first episode of the series "Take A Bow" the closed captioning stated that they had a Russian accent).
He's the circus strong man and a physical education instructor. He knows a lot of exercises that he teaches to those in Circus Town. He has a daughter named Maya and recently married Mrs. Kersplatski, but it's not known whether he was divorced or widowed. He also speaks in both English and Spanish.
The daughter of Mr. Muscles and stepdaughter of Mrs. Kersplatski. She's fairly new to both Circus Town and JoJo's class. She has red hair, wears a tiara with a pair of antennae on them and can be shy at times but loves to get up and go. She known by her nickname "Little Mouse" by her dad and her favorite "Happy Place" is a Daisy Patch.
Other characters.
Skeebo's mother, she is Circus Town's only doctor and Fire Chief Seltzer's wife. Though she's not in many episodes, her most notable appearance is in the episode "A Case of the Sillies" and "Tickled Pink."
He's Skeebo's father and the chief of the local fire department in Circus Town. He's also the director of the Circus Town Clown Band.
Tater's parents, who have the same sleepy nature as he does. It's revealed in "The Thanksgiving Hip-Hooray Parade" episode that Tater calls his father "Daddy Spud" And in "Circus Town Makeover " Mrs. Spudinski's name is revealed as Ida and Mr Spudinski's name is Russ.
Small Fry is Tater's baby sister and one of the two kids in the Spudinski clan. She first appeared in the episode "Hi There, Small Fry!"
Dinky's mother; she's also been referred to as Mrs. Elephant.
She's Circus Town's pretzel vendor and ice cream shop owner. JoJo and her friends sometimes visits her at the ice cream parlor for a treat. JoJo and her friends taught Babalulu how to make pretzel twists in the episode "A New Twist."
JoJo's Great Grandmother and Peaches's Grandmother who was a famous circus performer doing tightrope and comical pratfall acts.
Jumberto is a rabbit magician whose tricks rarely work.
The three nephews of Jumberto who always cause mischief.
Terrific is a famous tiger tamer in Circus Town. He has a tiger named Tippoo.
A farmer and JoJo's uncle, Uncle Flippy owns a farm on the outskirts of Circus Town. On the episode entitled "Uncle Flippy's Funny Farm," JoJo and her classmates help Uncle Flippy round up all the animals who escaped from the barn. Strangely, he has a pet tiger and two horses named Moe ( who acts in a proper manner) and Costello (who always loves to act silly).
JoJo's favorite TV Superhero Clown who motto is " Morning, Noon or Night I Always Fight for What's Right" while fighting "Big Meanies" who "Pick on" others.
Known for making balloon animals, Baloney Balloony can make any animal shaped balloons with his hands. He has a grandson named Bailey.
Cotton Andy is a cotton candy vendor who own a cotton candy machine named "Whoopsabelle" and also officiated as Justice of the Peace for the marriage of Mrs Kersplatski and Mr Muscles in the wedding episode "A Circus Town Wedding."
A World Famous traveling clown who travels via hot air balloon
Charlie is one of JoJo's cousins whom the Tickles sometimes babysit.
JoJo's grandparents, Tully and Sadie Tickle were experts on clowning way before JoJo was born. Their famous act is the "Silly Shoe Shuffle," which Granny Tickle passed the act to both JoJo and Goliath.
Terra Corta is the little clown girl who wears an oversize flower pot for a hat, and she bought JoJo's silly skates in the "Too Many Toys" episode.
Terra Cotta's mom who wears a planter for a hat.
A Octopus/Polyp who is the Mail Carrier for Circus Town
Bal Boa's Mom.
One of the class pets who lives at the Little Big Top Clown School
One of the class pets from the Little Big Top Clown School who JoJo takes care for the night.
JoJo's Royal Uncle (and brother of Mr.Tickle) and Aunt from Really Royal Land who are the Parents of Princess Josephina.
She's JoJo's identical royal cousin who lives in Really Royal Land. She has a pet lion named Hercules who looks just like Goliath. She appeared in the episode "Princess for a Day," where she and JoJo decide that it would be fun to trade places.
The butler who serves the Royal Family of Really Royal Land.
Princess Josephina's personal Tutor on etiquette.
Baloney Ballooney's grandson. Bailey Ballooney normally attends Small Top Hills School and only visited JoJo's class on Valentine's Day. JoJo comes up with a special way to make him a valentine in the episode "My Clowny Valentine."
The Telephone at Fire Chief Seltzer's firehouse where Fire Chief Selzer receives their emergency calls.
A little seal who suffered from memory loss who JoJo helps to remember a musical piece before a major performance.
A famous circus bear from Circusylvania who only speaks Circusylvanian.
A lion who is know as "The King of the Jungle" and "The Greatest Circus Lion of All Times".
Skeebo's cousin who is deaf and speaks in sign language.
Trina's parents Who are slightly uppity and snooty but very loving and kind.
Skeebo's Ventriloquist puppet in which Skeebo uses in his act.
The veterinarian who takes care of Goliath and the other sick animals at Circus Town.
The hairstylist who works at the Circus Town Hair Salon
The Ringmaster of the Mouse Circus
The tightrope walker of the Mouse Circus
The Wild animal trainer in the Mouse Circus who trains with a Chipmunk.
The watcher of the cuckoos of the Cuckoo Forest and provider of the cuckoo clocks for Circus Town.
A musical group formed of a family of crickets who comes to perform at Circus Town. Hector is the leader and his wife is Gracie and his son is Cody. Goliath has a crush with Gracie.
The Reporter for the Circus Town News Network who has a nose for news.
The host of Circus Town Makeover and exercise/fitness guru 
The villagers who live in the village of Sky Top who at once thought that Normus the Giant was a mean giant who once destroyed their village but discovered that Normus was very friendly. 
A Friendly Giant who live on top of the beanstalk who due to a misunderstanding by the townsfolk of the beanstalk village of Sky Top thought he was a mean giant who almost destroyed the town and had a slight fear of clowns.
Normus's pet Chipmunk
Music.
Every episode contains a short tune dealing with the topics of the episode. (Many of these songs can be found on three CDs: "Songs from JoJo's Circus", "Songs from Under the Big Top!", and "Playhouse Disney: Imagine and Learn with Music".) The genres of the songs range from doo-wop to funk to rock to early punk. Phrases like "stretch your arms" and "jump up high" are common lyrics. Most of the songs are educational — telling kids how to bow, stretch, greet people, wash their hair, and clean up after themselves — while a few are more entertaining, such as "Cotton Candy Sure Is Sweet" or "The Gum Drop Song." The theme song of the show is performed by the band Becky.
Broadcast.
JoJo's Circus aired on Playhouse Disney since its premiere on September 28, 2003. When the block rebranded in 2007, JoJo's Circus was moved to a new timeslot at 6:30 am ET (following Stanley). The show was removed from the block in 2008.
Aside from the United States broadcast, JoJo's Circus airs daily on both the UK and Australian versions of Playhouse Disney using the original American content. Since 2005, "JoJo's Circus" has been shown on GMTV's children's weekend slot Toonattik.
As of June 17, 2011, it has been confirmed that it would move into its new home Disney Junior, which would replace the defunct channel SOAPnet and aired again on March 23, 2012.
Development and concept.
The show stresses simple, everyday lessons such as playing with others, personal hygiene, responsibility, and safety. Also paramount is the show's focus on exercise: JoJo often asks for audience participation (such as clapping, jumping, and stretching) for the viewers. The series is animated in Claymation, which is a serious departure to Jinkin's previous animated works.
Characters JoJo and her pet lion, Goliath, re-appeared in a yoga-style exercise learning series/interstitial called Feeling Good with JoJo.
DVD releases.
The series has two DVD releases: "Take a Bow" and "Animal a Go-Go." The "Take a Bow" DVD contains the "Easy As Pie," "Take a Bow," "JoJo on the Tightrope," and "Happy Hoppy Day" episodes. "Animal a Go-Go" has "Flower Shower," "Uncle Flippy's Funny Farm," "Try These on for Boing," and "Brushing Up." Both DVDs have the opening theme, JoJo and Goliath in interstitials, printable coloring pages, and other bonus features.
Two more "JoJo's Circus" episodes are available on "Higglytown Heroes" DVDs: "The Spudinski's New Act" is on Higglytown's "Heroes on the Move" DVD, and "A Clown Ride" is on the Higglytown "To the Rescue" disc. The holiday themed "A Circus Town Christmas" is included on the "A Very Playhouse Disney Holiday" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="2921033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921033" title="Frogger Beyond">
Frogger Beyond

Plot.
The time has come for Frogger to go through his "rite of passage." He has reached an age where every frog must make the transition from boy-frog to teenage-frog.
In order to make that transition, Frogger will journey to the Chamber of the Elders on his most significant birthday and stand before the eight venerable members of the Elder Council. Upon meeting the council, Frogger will be asked to enter a magic portal that will warp him into each one of the elder's worlds. These worlds serve as a personal test for Frogger to prove that he is a teenager.

</doc>
<doc id="2921047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921047" title="House of Cosbys">
House of Cosbys

House of Cosbys was an animated cartoon about a Bill Cosby fan, who creates a cloning machine to clone a series of Cosbys, each with a different personality.
There were four episodes made by Justin Roiland, each about five minutes. An unofficial fifth episode was also made.
It was first aired on the internet television channel Channel 101, and was the first of Channel 101's programs to spend three consecutive months at the number one spot.
Title music.
The theme song is performed in a mostly yelling tone, the words are "He was a Cosby fan at heart it's clear. He searched and found a Cosby hair; He spent 10 long years and built a cloning machine! And now he's accomplished his wonderful dream: to make a house of Cosbys. It's a House of Cosbys..."
Plot.
The cartoon features main character Mitchell Reynolds (voiced by Jeff Davis) who invents a cloning machine in order to create his own personal Bill Cosby to entertain him. He then begins cloning several more Cosbys to help him around the house, much like in the plot of the 1996 film "Multiplicity". However, the quality of the clones seems to deteriorate as the process is repeated, and he decides to stop using the machine; but when one of the clones subversively activates it, he discovers that every tenth Cosby he clones has super powers. At the suggestion of Data Analysis Cosby (the first super-powered Cosby) they decide to continue cloning Cosbys so that their super powers can be used to help the world.
At the end of every episode scenes from the next episode are shown. However, these scenes are never actually shown in the next episode.
Clones.
The following is a list of the Cosby clones. It is uncertain whether more than 100 clones were created.
Cease and desist.
"House of Cosbys" was cancelled when series creator Justin Roiland and Channel 101's site administrator Dan Harmon received a cease and desist letter from Bill Cosby's attorney in June 2005:
One of the issues under contention is whether "House of Cosbys" is covered under the fair use, as parody. Supporters point out that many TV shows like "Family Guy" and "The Simpsons" have used Cosby's likeness, and have not been sued. However, there also is the factor that House of Cosbys used risqué subject matter not in keeping with Cosby's character and comedy.
As a result of the cease and desist letter, the fifth episode was created by a different contributor and functioned primarily as an attack on Bill Cosby and his attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="2921053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921053" title="Trews">
Trews

Trews (Truis or Triubhas) are men's clothing for the legs and lower abdomen, a traditional form of tartan trousers from Scottish apparel. Trews could be trimmed with leather, usually buckskin, especially on the inner leg to prevent wear from riding on horseback.
Tartan trews shared the fate of other items of Highland dress, including proscription under the Dress Act of 1746 that banned men and boys from wearing the truis ("Trowse") outside of military service. The Dress Act lasted until 1782 when it was repealed under the reign of King George III. 
Origins.
The tartan truis or trousers date back to 1538 as a medieval style of woven tartan cloth trousers as a garment preferably used during the Highland winter where the kilt would be impractical in such cold weather. The word is "triubhas" in Scottish Gaelic. "Truis" or "trews" are anglicised spellings meaning trousers.
Traditional trews.
Traditional trews were form-fitting garments, similar to the footed hose of the Renaissance, from which they probably evolved. (However, Tacitus says that in 69 BCE, the Roman general, Caecina, was considered, by his wearing of the foreign trews when meeting with toga-clad Romans, to show indication of a haughty spirit.) They could be cut as Knee-breeches or full length.
These trews were cut on the cross-grain (US bias), which allowed the fabric to stretch sufficiently to mould to the body, and placed the tartan "sett" on the diagonal.
Traditional trews are actually long hose. These hose came all the way up to the waist and were attached to a linen cloth (NB: These were not trousers). They were fastened at the lower leg, below the knee, by a garter (the precursor to the flashes of the Highland Dress) as can be seen in the painting by David Morier of the Battle of Culloden. It is said in Scottish traditional folklore that these "triubhas" were actually the common garment of the 16th to 18th Centuries in the Highlands. It is also a fascinating note that when travelling, in order to avoid getting the trews wet when crossing streams, the Highlander would wear shorter hose, ones that would only reach up to the knee, and wrap his "bed-garments" around his waist, a form of the Great Kilt.
Modern trews and military trews.
Modern trews are more like trousers with the fabric cut on the straight grain but without a side seam, and are often high-waisted, usually to be worn with a short jacket, as an alternative to the kilt.
Colonel Sir John Sinclair of Ulster, proved to his own satisfaction that "the truis" was an older dress than kilts.
Until the establishment of the Royal Regiment of Scotland in 2006, military trews were usually worn by members of the lowland Scottish regiments as part of their No 1, mess and full dress uniforms. Members of highland Scottish regiments were usually authorized to wear kilts with these orders of dress. However, all Highland regiments, in more recent times, wore trews with less formal orders of barracks and training dress. They were also part of the uniform of the composite regiment known as The Highlanders (Seaforth, Gordons and Camerons) formed in 1994. The new Royal Regiment of Scotland comprises all the former Scottish infantry line infantry regiments and continues to wear trews in certain limited orders of dress.
Historically trews were part of the Highland cultural tradition, not Lowland. As such, when Lowland regiments became the first of the Scottish regiments to be formed in the mid-1660s to late 1680s, the Lowland soldiers wore standard British military uniform and had no desire to wear tartan items and march to the bagpipes, which they considered to be part of a foreign and savage culture. From these early beginnings up to 1881, the famous Lowland regiments (1st, 21st, 25th, 26th, 70th, 90th, 94th and 99th) wore standard British uniform.
Meanwhile, from 1739 onward, the Highland regiments which were raised insisted on the familiarity of their native dress and Great Highland war-pipes, albeit in a modified form to suit a British military identity, as part of their cultural identity. They wore the complex belted plaid and latterly, to encourage recruits unfamiliar with such garb, they adopted the simpler kilt. However, trews were increasingly worn as off-duty dress and even campaign dress from the late 18th Century. Highland regiments stationed in hot or unhealthy surroundings often took to wearing simple white cotton trousers or tartan trews. For example, the 91st Highland Regt of Foot wore trews during the Walcheren campaign of 1809 and more famously, the 93rd Highland Regiment of Foot wore trews and round unfeathered Highland bonnets during the war of 1812–1815 against the USA, when taking part in the British campaign to capture New Orleans in January 1815 and during the disastrous Battle of Chalmette Plain itself (lithographs of the battle wrongly depict them wearing kilts).
In 1822, following King George IV's successful first visit to Scotland including a separate coronation, he ordered the resumption of Highland dress and traditions for one de-kilted regiment. The regiment chosen was the most senior of the de-kilted regiments, the 72nd. They adopted the Highland feather bonnet, the Highland version of the red coatee, but in lieu of kilts, they were ordered to wear trews for all duties. The tartan chosen was a new form of red or Royal Stewart called Prince Charles Edward Stuart, reflecting the new romantic fashion for all things Jacobite.
Due to the military use of trews by the Lowland regiments, the perception of trews as Lowland dress spilled over into civilian wear, so that for many years, trews began to be viewed as Lowland dress, rather than the Highland kilt. However, in recent years, a resurgence in Highland history and traditions has seen trews re-enter the Highland wardrobe, whilst interested Lowlanders have now encompassed these traditions within a wider Scottish template.
Highland dance.
Today, the sideways kicking step of Scottish highland dancers performing the Seann Triubhas dance is said to symbolise the kicking off of the trews or trousers in favour of the kilt. However, D.G. MacLennan writes in "Traditional Highland and Scottish Dances" that 'this first step has nothing to do with the idea of kicking off the trews, but...is new to the dance and was composed by myself'. Trews were and can still be worn today for the performance of this dance during the colder months of the year or if preferred, as shown in the picture below.
Plus-fours and golf attire.
Tartan plus-fours are traditional golfing attire that are based on the traditional trews. These trousers extend 4 inches below the knee and are often worn with argyle knee-socks. Plus-fours were popularized in the USA by the Prince of Wales during a 1924 visit. The full-length tartan trousers popular with many golfers are also based on trews, but are cut fuller for more freedom of movement and warmer climates.

</doc>
<doc id="2921064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921064" title="Beddau">
Beddau

Beddau ( ) is a large village around 1.5 miles from Llantrisant and 4 miles from the larger town of Pontypridd in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, South Wales.
Education.
Ysgol Gynradd Gymraeg Castellau is the village's Welsh speaking primary school. English language medium schools are Gwaunmeisgyn Primary School and Llwyncrwn Primary School, which both feed into Beddau's secondary school Bryn Celynnog Comprehensive.
Sport.
Beddau is notable for its exported rugby union talent, such as Neil Jenkins, Michael Owen and Gethin Jenkins who had attended Bryn Celynnog Comprehensive.
Beddau fields a rugby union team, Beddau RFC, as well as its own football team, Cwm Welfare AFC.
Transport.
Beddau is served by bus services to Llantrisant, Cardiff and Pontypridd.
A station, Beddau Halt railway station on the Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway existed until 1964 quite some way south of the village. A private railway siding from the Treferig branch of the Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway to coal workings extended to the village existed for a time. Extensive sidings and rail traffic served Cwm Colliery and coking works until 1984 when the line to Pontyclun was closed and mothballed. Efforts are being made to reopen this line to passenger traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="2921069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921069" title="Cub Crafters">
Cub Crafters

Cub Crafters, Inc. (often styled CubCrafters) is an aircraft manufacturer based in Yakima, Washington. Founded in 1980 to build parts and STC modifications for the Piper PA-18 Super Cub, their CC18-180 Top Cub was FAA-certified December 16, 2004 and is currently in production. The Top Cub is a new aircraft based on the shape and attributes of the Super Cub, but incorporating modern materials and technology.
The CC18-180 Top Cub was awarded Type Certificates for Canada and Australia in July/August 2008.
CubCrafters, Inc also produces an ASTM certified Light Sport Aircraft, the CC11-100 Sport Cub, a light-sport aircraft based on the original Piper J-3 Cub’s appearance. The Carbon Cub replaces many aluminum parts with carbon fiber for additional useful load. Both the Top Cub and Sport Cub can be ordered with glass cockpits.
CubCrafters, Inc also has a service and rebuild facility for PA-18 Super Cubs and other Cub designs.
In 2012, CubCrafters bought from John Bryerton of GATS the Prototype and Type Certificate of the Gavilan 358.

</doc>
<doc id="2921070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921070" title="Johan Mjällby">
Johan Mjällby

Johan Mjällby () (born 9 February 1971) is a Swedish former footballer. He made his debut for the national team in 1997, and played 49 matches scoring 4 goals as a centre back. Mjällby was the team captain during the 2002 World Cup. He also took part in Euro 2000 and Euro 2004. He was recently the assistant manager at Celtic, working alongside former team-mate and manager Neil Lennon.
Playing career.
Early career.
Early on in Johan's sporting career he played both football and tennis and had the choice to turn professional in either. He made the decision to prioritise football and was signed by AIK in 1984 from IK Bele.
Making a name.
Johan spent the next fourteen years in AIK and established himself in the side with solid performances as a no-nonsense tackling midfield player. His performances at club level were noticed and he soon broke through to the Swedish national team. Although he was a squad member in 1992 when AIK won the league, he refused to accept the gold medal, stating that he felt he hadn't contributed enough. Therefore it was a great day when lifelong AIK supporter Mjällby got his silverware in 1998 when he guided the club to a new league victory.
Life at Celtic.
His solid performances for club and country caught the eye of Jozef Venglos, coach at Celtic. In November 1998 Johan Mjällby signed for Celtic for a fee of around £1,200,000 and was given 35 as his squad number, which he retained throughout his time at Celtic. He made his debut for the Scottish side in the famous 5–1 victory or arch rivals Rangers in the role of central defence. The rest of season 1998/99 saw Johan play increasingly in the role of central defence, a role in which he grew to prominence.
The 1999/2000 season saw Venglos move into the role of a scout with John Barnes coming in as head coach and Kenny Dalglish as director of football. Johan again took up his midfield role in Barnes' ill-fated 4–2–2–2 formation. He returned to his by now accustomed defensive role under Dalglish following the departure of Barnes in January 2000. It was under Dalglish that Mjällby won his first honour at Celtic in the League Cup win over Aberdeen.
Season 2000/01 saw Martin O'Neill replace interim manager Kenny Dalglish. Mjällby found himself a mainstay on the right hand side of O'Neill's 3-man defence alongside Joos Valgaeren, Tom Boyd and/or Ramon Vega. He was to pick up a further three medals as Celtic won the Domestic Treble of the Scottish Premier League, League Cup, and Scottish Cup.
It was in 2001/02 that Johan experienced his first taste of Champions League football in matches against FC Porto, Juventus and Rosenborg. Another Scottish Premier League title was added to his growing medal haul.
2002/03 saw Celtic, with Johan as prominent figure reach the final of the UEFA Cup. They lost out to FC Porto 3–2 aet. Celtic also went on to lose the Scottish Premier League and League Cup to Rangers.
Season 2003/04 was Johan's last at Celtic Park after struggling with injury throughout most of the season he decided to turn down Celtic's offer of a one year deal.
Throughout his six years at Celtic Park he picked up 3 Scottish Premier League Winner's medals, 2 League Cup Winner's medals, 2 Scottish Cup Winner's medals, 2 Scottish Cup Runners Up medals, 1 League Cup Runners Up medal and 1 UEFA Cup Runners Up medal as well as featuring in the Champions League Competition of seasons, 2001/02 and 2002/03. During his time at Celtic, Mjällby captained the team on several occasions.
Mjällby enjoyed a good relationship with the Celtic support in his time at the club and was often referred to as "Dolph" or "Big Dolph" given his perceived resemblance to his countryman, actor Dolph Lundgren.
Life in Spain.
Mjällby went on to try his hand in Spain's La Liga with newly promoted side Levante UD. However he did not enjoy the same level of success as he had in Scotland and was forced to retire as he eventually succumbed to his long standing injuries picked up throughout his Scottish career.
Return to Sweden.
Following his retirement Mjällby returned home to Sweden. After almost a year out of the game he made comeback and signed once again for his boyhood favourites AIK.
But on 16 May 2006 he was forced to retire from professional football due to his injury.
International career.
In Euro 2000, he scored the first goal of his country for Sweden in the opening match against Belgium, taking the ball after an error by Belgian goalkeeper Filip De Wilde. Although reducing Belgium's 2–0 lead from Bart Goor and Emile Mpenza to 2–1, Sweden failed to score an equalising goal and lost the game.
He captained Sweden in the World Cup 2002 since fellow defender Patrik Andersson had to withdrew because of injury. Mjällby formed a solid partnership with Andreas Jakobsson when Sweden almost reached the quarterfinals. 
Two years later Mjällby was in the squad for Euro 2004 but did not make an appearances.
Coaching.
On 25 March 2010, it was announced that Mjällby would assume the role of assistant manager at Celtic Football Club, alongside temporary boss, and former team-mate, Neil Lennon. The appointment of Lennon and Mjällby was made after the sacking of Tony Mowbray as Celtic manager after a poor 2009–10 season for the club, culminating in a 4–0 defeat against St. Mirren.
When asked about the appointment by reporters, Mjällby stated, "Neil is like myself. He has a will-to-win and that is what we are both looking to instill in the current Celtic team. We want our players to go out on the park, and on the training pitch, and to wear that Celtic jersey with pride." On 1 July 2010, Mjallby was confirmed as Neil Lennon's assistant manager at Celtic.
On 22 April 2014, it was announced that Mjällby would leave Celtic at the end of the season to look for new challenges in football.
Media work.
Mjällby worked as a prominent football pundit on Swedish TV channel TV3.

</doc>
<doc id="2921076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921076" title="Low bit">
Low bit

Low bit (short for low bitrate, also known as lobit) is a musical aesthetic characterized by lossy data compression artifacts caused by encoding songs at low bitrates. Artists making low-bit music believe that if a song is good, it can be appreciated at any bitrate or on any speakers.
Overview.
The low-bit style emerged as an avant-garde reaction to the perceived bitrate snobbery in the organized music piracy (on peer-to-peer networks) and net label scenes. It also shares a strong do-it-yourself ethic with punk ideology.
Low-bit music is distributed primarily through net labels. Unlike most net labels, many low-bit labels do not focus on representing a single music genre. Instead, the catalog of each label reveals the personal tastes of the curator.
Because of the small file sizes of low-bitrate encodes, it is possible to download an entire EP from a low-bit label in the same time it would take to download one song from a standard net label. This makes low-bitrate releases accessible to listeners who have only a dialup modem as well as conserving space on portable music players with limited memory.

</doc>
<doc id="2921087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921087" title="Steve Rogers (rugby league)">
Steve Rogers (rugby league)

Steve Rogers (29 November 1954 – 3 January 2006) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s. He played for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks and St. George Dragons teams in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership competition and for Widnes in the English competition, usually in the position of centre. Rogers represented New South Wales and Australia captaining the national team once in 1981.
After his retirement, Rogers was named as one of the five "immortals" of the Cronulla club (see [http://nrl.rleague.com/news/index.php?id=13065]).
He became involved in the administration of rugby league, and held the position of Cronulla's CEO at the time of his death.
Steve Rogers died after swallowing a combination of prescription drugs and alcohol on 3 January 2006. In April 2006, the NSW state coroner ruled that the death was accidental, and that Rogers had not intended to commit suicide. He is survived by his sons, Mat and Don, his daughter Melanie, and his second wife Ingrid.
Biography.
In the 1972 Gold Coast Group 18 competition 17-year-old centre Steve Rogers helped a Gold Coast Tigers outfit to victory in the Grand Final against Tweed Heads Seagulls. The following season he moved to Sydney to play in the NSWRFL Premiership.
1973.
Rogers began playing first grade rugby league at the age of eighteen for the Cronulla-Sutherland club in 1973. Playing the position of centre, his talent did not go unnoticed. He was described by the club's captain/coach, Tommy Bishop as a "rare, rare talent – the greatest all round centre three-quarter I have seen." In that year, he played in his first Grand final, which Cronulla lost to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and made the first of three Kangaroo Tours.
1974–1982.
Rogers led Cronulla to the grand final as captain, in 1978, once more against the Sea Eagles. The match was a tie, and Cronulla lost a replay in the following week. During that season, he was often switched to lock forward and was effective in that role. Three years later, he won the Dally M Lock Of The Year award.
In 1975 Rogers won the Rothmans Medal for best and fairest player in the NSWRFL. He played for New South Wales in 1980's first state of origin match. He was named player of the series in the 1981 Tooth Cup tournament and also won that year's Dally M Award.
Rogers was selected to tour with the Australian national rugby league team on the 1973 Kangaroo Tour. National honours continued when he was selected in the Australian squad for the 1975 Rugby League World Cup, 1977 Rugby League World Cup, 1978 Kangaroo tour, 1980 Tour of New Zealand and was a centre in all three tests against Great Britain and the two tests against France on the 1982 Kangaroo Tour. Rogers would captain the Kangaroos in 1981 against France.
1983–1984.
As a result of Cronulla's serious financial difficulties, Rogers signed for 1983 with Cronulla's local rival, the St. George Dragons. He played with them for two seasons, culminating in an appearance in the 1984 reserve grade Grand Final, which the Dragons lost.
1985–1986.
Rogers returned to Cronulla in 1985, but only played nine minutes in the season after breaking his jaw in his first game of the year against the Canterbury Bulldogs, in a tackle from Mark Bugden.
In 1986 Rogers signed with Widnes in the English competition, but only played for 13 minutes after breaking his leg in his first game of the year against Wigan. This was the last game of his career.
Post playing.
After retiring from the playing field Rogers remained involved with rugby league coaching. He coached for a time in Queensland, and worked in administrative roles for the Australian Rugby League in Darwin and Perth. After an unsuccessful business venture running a hotel at Lennox Head, Rogers became involved once more with the Cronulla club, becoming the football manager and later, Chief Executive Officer of the club.
His personal life was marred by tragedy. After losing his father (Don) and mother (Marj) to cancer, his wife Carol also died from the disease on 11 May 2001. Rogers' brother also committed suicide.
On 3 January 2006, Rogers was found dead outside the door of his Cronulla unit. Initial reports of a heart attack soon turned to suggestions of suicide as the existence of three letters—apparently suicide notes to his three children—was revealed. His son Mat also confirmed that his father had been suffering from depression: "He was suffering from some depression and, as a person of his stature and a public figure, he found it really hard to talk about it to other people and therefore exacerbated the problem," he said. Police believed that he had swallowed a cocktail of alcohol and prescription drugs. There has been some speculation that Rogers may have attempted to make an emergency telephone call in the moments before his death.
In February 2008, Rogers was named in the list of Australia's "100 Greatest Players" (1908–2007) which was commissioned by the NRL and ARL to celebrate the code's centenary year in Australia. While playing football, Rogers also served in the New South Wales Police Force and in 2008, rugby league's centennial year in Australia, he was named at five-eighth in a NSW Police team of the century. Also in 2008 Rogers was named in New South Wales' rugby league team of the century.

</doc>
<doc id="2921088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921088" title="Lancaster Airport">
Lancaster Airport

Lancaster Airport may refer to:
Other airports in places named Lancaster:

</doc>
<doc id="2921097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921097" title="Baron Erskine of Rerrick">
Baron Erskine of Rerrick

Baron Erskine of Rerrick, of Rerrick in Kirkcudbrightshire, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1964 for Sir John Erskine, 1st Baronet, who served as Governor of Northern Ireland from 1964 to 1968. He had already been created a baronet in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 5 July 1961. He was succeeded by his son, the second Baron. On his death in 1995 both titles became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="2921098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921098" title="Equally Cursed and Blessed">
Equally Cursed and Blessed

Equally Cursed and Blessed is the third album by Welsh band Catatonia, released in April 1999 via Blanco y Negro Records. Like its predecessor, "International Velvet", it reached number one in the UK Album Chart. However, sales were down compared to the previous album, though the album was praised for its often dark and miserable tone.
The album spawned one Top 10 single, "Dead from the Waist Down". The other singles, "Londinium" and "Karaoke Queen", charted at numbers 20 and 36 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2921103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921103" title="Fossano">
Fossano

Fossano is a town and "comune" of Piedmont, Italy, in the province of Cuneo. It is the fourth largest town of the Province of Cuneo, after Cuneo, Alba and Bra.
It lies on the main railway line from Turin to Cuneo and to Savona, and has a branch line to Mondovì.
Chief industries of the town include confectionery (with Italian industries Balocco and Maina), chemicals, metallurgy, and textiles.
History.
Fossano appeared as a commune in 1236, founded by a Guelph league of cities, but in 1251 had to yield to Asti. In 1304 it was acquired by the Marquisate of Saluzzo. It finally surrendered in 1314 to Filippo d'Acaia, whose successor handed it over to the house of Savoy.
Etymology.
The name Fossano could be the transformation of the name "locus" or "fundus faucianus", from the Roman first name Faucius, or derive from the word "fossato" (ditch), in Piedmontese "fossà", from which "fossan" (inhabitant of the ditch).The sinkings are in fact characteristic of the hill on which the first city village rose. The historians agree speaking about “great ditch of the Chiotto”in dialect Ciot, hole, pit...
Another alternative hypothesis is that the name comes from the latin “fons sana" (healthy spring), to indicate the presence in the proximitiy of a drinkable water spring.
Main sights.
Old town.
The old part of the town of Fossano lies in the high part of the town. It is divided in two "borghi" (ancient quarters): Borgo Piazza ("Square's Quarter"), developed in the 15th through 18th centuries, and Borgo Vecchio ("Old Quarter"), the oldest part of the town, dating from the Middle Ages. Rich in mediaeval, Renaissance and Baroque buildings, it is characterized by the ancient "portici" (arcades), built on both sides of via Roma (the main street of the old town) but also along other streets, such as via Cavour, via Garibaldi, via Barotti, via Muratori. On the Eastern side, the old town is delimited by viale Mellano, a pedestrian promenade with a wonderful sight of Langhe; on the Western side, along via Martiri dell'Indipendenza, viale Sacerdote and viale Bianco, you can enjoy the panorama of South-western Alps, whose apex is Monviso. Some sections of the ancient town walls are still extant.
Castle of the Princes of Acaja.
It is a massive castle with four high towers, begun by Filippo d'Acaia in 1314 and finished in 1332. It has a square plan with four powerful towers at each side, connected by passages with merlons. One century later Amadeus VIII of Savoy turned it into a ducal residence; the beautiful inner courtyard, designed by Gaspare Solari, is from the late 15th century. The castle, after serving as jail and barracks, is now the seat of cultural events and of one of the biggest libraries of the region.
Other sights.
The cathedral was reconstructed at the end of the 18th century in Neoclassicist style, replacing the former 13th century church.
The town's hospital and the Trinity Church were designed by Francesco Gallo in the 18th century. The "Palazzo del Comandante" is a Baroque building constructed in the 17th century. There are also Mineral Baths and a center for agriculture and cattle-breeding.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2921112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921112" title="Hollis Resnik">
Hollis Resnik

Hollis Resnik is an American singer and actress, especially in stage musicals.
Biography.
Born in 1955 and raised in Euclid, Ohio (a suburb of Cleveland), as a young girl she studied piano and took voice lessons and performed with the Cleveland Symphony Children's Choir. Attending Russell H. Erwine Elementary and Shore Junior High School, she graduated from Euclid High School in 1973.
She graduated from Denison University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree.
A Chicago-based theatre actress, Resnik is the 1992 winner of the Sarah Siddons Award. She appeared three times on the television show "Cupid", and had a support role in the motion pictures "Backdraft" and "Little Big Top", an independent film. In 1993 Resnik appeared in the Off-Broadway musical version of "Wings" as Amy the "sympathetic therapist".
In 2002, she released a CD titled "Make Someone Happy", which has broadway, pop, jazz and original songs.
She has toured in several musicals. She played the role of "Fantine" in the 3rd National US Tour of "Les Miserables" in 1988. She played Mrs. Meers in the US tour of "Thoroughly Modern Millie" in 2003 and in 2006 was Muriel in the US tour of "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels". In March 2007 Resnik toured in the musical "Man of La Mancha" in the part of Aldonza, also known as Dulcinea.
In the 2001 Ravinia Festival (Illinois) concert version of "Sweeney Todd" Resnik played the beggar woman. In 2002 she appeared in "A Little Night Music" in concert at the Ravinia Festival as Countess Charlotte Malcolm. She played the roles of Escalante/Aldonza/Dulcinea in the production of "Man of LaMancha" at the Court Theatre, Chicago, Illinois, from September 29, 2005 to November 13, 2005. The reviewer wrote "one of Chicago’s favorites, Hollis Resnik as Aldonza/Dulcinea (hers is a different interpretation of the role, and she is dynamite)."
Resnik starred as the two middle-aged Edies in the Mid-west premiere of "Grey Gardens" in suburban Chicago's Northlight Theatre, Skokie, Illinois (under the direction of artistic director BJ Jones) from November 12, 2008 through December 21, 2008, in which she was called "splendid" by the "talkinbroadway.com" reviewer. She played Velma Von Tussle in the musical "Hairspray" at the Marriott Theatre, Lincolnshire, Illinois in 2009. She played the role of "Old Woman" in the Goodman Theatre's production of Leonard Bernstein's musical "Candide" in September and October 2010. The "chicagonow.com" reviewer wrote that "Resnik is hilarious as a half-buttock survivor of her own misfortune. Her 'I Am Easily Assimilated' musical number is easily one of the best songs in the show." She starred as Margaret in the Arena Stage (Washington, DC) production of "The Light in the Piazza" in 2010. The "Washington Post" reviewer wrote of her performance "Resnik projects soulful vulnerability, a sense that this stifled woman needs as much protection as she seeks to bestow." She will play Mother Superior in the touring version of Sister Act.
Resnik played Judy Garland in the 2014 Milwaukee Repertory Theatre production of End of the Rainbow.

</doc>
<doc id="2921114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921114" title="John Firth (cricketer)">
John Firth (cricketer)

John D'Ewes Evelyn Firth (21 February 1900 – 21 September 1957) was a schoolboy cricketer at Winchester College during the First World War. He went on to become a Church of England clergyman. He was born in Nottingham, and died in Winchester.
Cricketer.
A leg-break and googly bowler, Firth took all 10 wickets for 41 runs in a match against Eton College in 1917 and was named as a Wisden Cricketer of the Year among a selection of five public school bowlers in the 1918 almanack, there being no first-class cricket to report on. In a first-class career of just four matches, Firth played twice for Oxford University and twice for Nottinghamshire. 
Career.
Firth became a schoolmaster and chaplain at Winchester College and wrote several books about the school, where his nickname was "Budge" Firth. He later became Master of the Temple and was canon emeritus of Winchester Cathedral at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="2921118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921118" title="Joe McGinty">
Joe McGinty

Joe McGinty is a composer, keyboardist and arranger who was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Background.
McGinty is most widely known for his five years as the keyboardist for The Psychedelic Furs (after a brief stint with Robert Hazard in Philadelphia). 
McGinty has also worked with Ryan Adams, The Ramones, Nada Surf, Kevin Ayers, Martha Wainwright, Die Monster Die, Devendra Banhart, Ronnie Spector, Jesse Malin, Amy Rigby, Space Hog and others. He has composed music for independent films and TV shows, including HBO's G String Divas. 
McGinty has worked alternately as musical director for a variety of New York theaters, including the Vineyard Theatre and the New York Theater Workshop.
Producing.
As of 2007, McGinty is serving as producer on Unicornicopia's debut CD. He has also produced music for The Daily Show.
Loser's Lounge.
McGinty is the founder and music director of the popular Loser's Lounge tribute series, where local talent pays homage to the pop icons of the past. Loser's Lounge made its debut in 1993 with a Burt Bacharach tribute at Fez, and has played to consistently sold-out rooms ever since. Now based at Joe's Pub, the Loser's Lounge has also performed at the Allen Room at Lincoln Center, Celebrate Brooklyn, Westbeth Theater Center, The Knitting Factory, Makor and the Jewish Museum. 
McGinty and the Loser's Lounge Band have also played with Moby for Comedy Central's "Night Of Too Many Stars" benefit for autism education.
McGinty & White.
McGinty has teamed with singer/songwriter Ward White for the chamber pop project McGinty & White. The duo have self-released the album "McGinty & White Sing Selections From the McGinty & White Songbook". They have played as musical guests at New York's Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="2921123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921123" title="Teddy Lučić">
Teddy Lučić

Teddy Mark Šime Lučić (, ; born 15 April 1973 in Biskopsgården, Gothenburg) is a Swedish footballer and manager who currently is player-manager for KF Velebit in Division 4. He plays as a centre-back.
Lučić made his debut for Sweden in 1995, and played at three FIFA World Cups and two European Championships, earning a total of 87 caps.
Early years.
Lučić was born on 15 April 1973 in Biskopsgården, Gothenburg to Croatian father, Krešimir, and Finnish mother, Annis. His father Krešimir was also a football player. In 1966, Krešimir moved to Sweden where he played football. In 1971, his father was offered to play for Halmstads BK but declined because he thought he was too old, at age 27. The Lučić family decided to live in Sweden but visited Croatia and Finland often.
As a boy, Lučić attended the Bjurslätt School in Hisingen, which is only 500 meters from where BK Häcken have their exercise equipment. Due to his parents' heritage, Lučić had Yugoslavian passport rather than a Swedish one, which prevented him from playing in Swedish Junior Team.
Club career.
Sweden.
He began playing for Lundby IF as an 18-year-old for whom he played 44 times in the Swedish league and scored 10 goals from fullback. He moved to Västra Frölunda IF in 1993 for a two year spell in which he played 68 matches. In 1996 he moved on to IFK Göteborg, landing the Swedish championship in his first season.
Bologna.
Lučić went abroad to Italy upon leaving IFK Göteborg in 1998. However, he found his opportunities limited at his new club and consequently made just nine league appearances in the Serie A in a two-year spell.
AIK Fotboll.
Lučić returned to Sweden in 2000, signing for AIK Fotboll. He made 58 appearances and scored four times. He left the club in 2003 to move to Germany.
Leeds United.
Lučić's period at AIK Fotboll was broken up by a loan spell at English club Leeds United, starting in 2002. During his time in England, he made a total of 17 league appearances and scored one goal, in a 3–2 defeat at Chelsea in January 2003. His loan spell ended in 2003 after Leeds decided not to sign him on a permanent deal. AIK had offered Lučić to a number of clubs.
Bayer Leverkusen.
Lučić signed for Bayer Leverkusen directly from Leeds in May 2003. In two years between 2003 and 2005 he played 11 times for the club.
Return to Sweden.
Lučić went back to Sweden for a second time to sign for BK Häcken, where he made 70 appearances and scored 8 goals. In 2008, Lučić moved again to the ninth club of his career, IF Elfsborg where he was a regular in the starting eleven until the end of his career. After IF Elfsborgs last game of the season, on 7 November 2010, Lucic officially ended his career as a player.
International career.
Lučić played 86 times for the Swedish national team, mostly as a full back. Since 2004, he played as centre back. Lučić played in Euro 2004, and the 1994, 2002 and 2006 World Cups. Against Germany, in what turned out to be Sweden's final 2006 World Cup match, he was given two yellow cards by Brazilian referee Carlos Eugênio Simon, and sent off in the 35th minute.
Personal life.
Due to his multinational background, Lučić had the option to play for two other countries—his mother is Finnish and his father Croatian. He is fluent in Croatian and also speaks some Finnish. He has a summer cottage in Lappeenranta, Finland, and is a fan of Lappeenranta-based first division football team Rakuunat and ice hockey team SaiPa.

</doc>
<doc id="2921152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921152" title="Bolland &amp; Bolland">
Bolland &amp; Bolland

Bolland & Bolland are two Dutch music producers – the brothers Rob and Ferdi Bolland (born in Port Elizabeth in South Africa, Rob on April 17, 1955, and Ferdi on August 5, 1956).
Career.
They produced and wrote for artists like Falco (including the Number 1 hit "Rock Me Amadeus"), Samantha Fox ("Love House"), and wrote the Status Quo hit "In the Army Now" – which they released under their own name in 1981 and which was also recorded by Gerard Joling. As musicians in their own right they released their first eponymous album in 1975.
Their hit singles career however started as early as 1972 with "Wait for the sun" in an folky a cappella-style following the success of Simon and Garfunkel and their Dutch equivalents Greenfield and Cook. When in 1976 their success started to wane, they turned towards a more electronic sound, an early example of which can be heard in "Spaceman", a 1978 hit in the Netherlands.
Outside the Netherlands they shortened their name to "Bolland" and established their name internationally with the release of the concept album The Domino Theory. The edgy, tuneful album is a critical look at war and US intervention in foreign conflicts from the viewpoint of the foot soldier. It contains the single "In the Army Now", which became a small hit; in fact it reached number 1 in Norway and held the top spot for six consecutive weeks. In South Africa, the land of their birth, the single peaked at number 9 in May 1982, sales largely boosted by the fact that South Africa had a conscription army at the time. Francis Rossi, lead singer of Status Quo, is quoted widely as having heard the song while on the Autobahn in Germany. He eventually persuaded Quo to record it, and the single reached number 2 in the UK in Autumn 1986. However, the song is best understood as part of the original Bolland album.
They are the owners of Bolland Studios, located in Blaricum, the Dutch countryside. It was one of the first studios in The Netherlands to host an SSL SL4040 E Series.
In 1984 they released the album "Silent Partners". The biggest hit from this album was called "Ten American Girls".
Subsequent albums followed through the 1990s.
In 1997 the Bolland brothers wrote, played and produced an album under the moniker Daniella's Daze on the heavy metal label Roadrunner Records. The electronic rock album was called "Slut" and featured an uncredited female singer. The only single "100% Jesus" received good radio airplay in Australia, but no further CDs were released by the collective.

</doc>
<doc id="2921164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921164" title="Chikka Virarajendra">
Chikka Virarajendra

Chikaveera Rajendra or Chikka Virarajendra (Kannada: , "cika/cikka vīrarājendra") (also in other variations, including Chikkaveera Rajendra), was the last ruler of the Kodagu (Coorg) kingdom in South India. His actual name was Vira Rajendra, but this was the name of his uncle as well; as both of them were rulers of Kodagu, the prefix "Chikka" (Kannada and Kodava Takk for "Younger") is used as a distinguisher. In 1834 CE, he was deposed and exiled by the British; his kingdom was annexed into British India as a separate chief commissionership. He went to England along with his favourite daughter Gouramma to plead in court for the return of his wealth.
In literature and media.
The famous Kannada litterateur and Jnanpith Award recipient, Masti Venkatesha Iyengar, wrote a critically acclaimed book, "Chikavira Rajendra", based on the life and times of that ruler. This book is widely noted for its balanced handling of the subject; it neither comprises a litany of the supposed misdeeds of the protagonist, nor emerges as a tract against the British. The book is redolent with the culture and ethos of its milieu, being Kodagu in the mid-19th century.
In the novel, Iyengar portrays Chikka Virarajendra as having had only one close confidant — his childhood friend, 'lame' Basava. In one instance, the king is depicted as having killed his sister's infant child (the son of his sister Devammaji and his brother-in-law Chenna Basava) in a fit of rage. With support for his rule rapidly diminishing, Chikka Virarajendra is on course for an all-out conflict with the British Raj and takes refuge in Nalknad Palace. The king kills Basava, charging him with sedition. (In reality Kunta Basava dies later when the British enter Kodagu, he is killed by unknown people) Chikka Virarajendra is unable to resist the British attack and with the invasion complete, is sent to exile in 1834. Iyengar won India's literary Jnanpith Award in 1983. 
A television show based on this Kannada novel, named "Anthimaraju", was scheduled to be broadcast in 1992 by Doordarshan, India's state run television network. The show was withdrawn by the network following protests from the Veerashaiva community and Kodavas over the depiction of this king as "devil incarnate" 

</doc>
<doc id="2921185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921185" title="Chicagoland Television">
Chicagoland Television

Chicagoland Television (branded on-air as CLTV) is an American regional cable news television channel located in Chicago, Illinois. The channel currently serves the Chicago metropolitan area, although it is available on cable television providers as far away as Rockford, Illinois and South Bend, Indiana. The channel, which is exclusive to Comcast Xfinity and RCN customers, broadcasts news programming 24 hours a day, with the exception of some locally produced non-news programs and special programming.
The channel has been owned by the Tribune Company (through its Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary) since its debut; it is one of four flagship media properties owned by the company, alongside radio station WGN (720 AM) and CLTV's news partners, CW affiliate WGN-TV (channel 9) and the "Chicago Tribune". Chicagoland Television operates from the studios of WGN-TV on Bradley Place in Chicago's North Center neighborhood.
History.
The channel began operations on January 1, 1993, originally broadcasting out of studios located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Brook. On February 4, 2009, the Tribune Company announced that it would combine CLTV's operations with the company's flagship television station WGN-TV, though CLTV would continue to operate as a standalone cable news channel. As a result of the integration of the channel's operations, CLTV relocated from its Oak Brook studio to WGN's Bradley Place studios on the northwest side of Chicago. The move became official on August 28, 2009, when editorial control of the cable channel was also turned over to WGN-TV's news department.
Prior to this, Tribune integrated CLTV's weather operations with channel 9, and WGN radio entered into a content agreement with WGN-TV to provide weather forecasts for that station. Upon the completion of the merger, CLTV received a new on-air logo, implemented new graphics based on those used by WGN-TV for that station's newscasts and upgraded to high definition broadcasts.
Programming.
CLTV focuses primarily on 24-hour rolling news coverage, with broadcasts structured into a traditional wheel format of news, traffic and transit reports, weather forecasts, sports, and entertainment and feature reports. The wheel format is subject to interruption due to breaking news events within the city or significant national events that necessitate longer-form coverage. Live news broadcasts on the channel begin daily at 4 a.m. and run in blocks of varying lengths until 11 p.m., with an additional half-hour news broadcast at 2 a.m.
Other programs featured on CLTV include:
Some sports programming is also featured on the channel including:
In addition, the channel has been used as an overflow feed for regional sports network Comcast SportsNet Chicago (branded technically as CSN+ in order to alleviate sports overflows with CSN Chicago's properties). CLTV was also used during the existence of SportsChannel and Fox Sports Net Chicago as the overflow feeds of those channels before the launch of CSN Chicago. By the second quarter of 2010, Comcast's Chicago systems transitioned to digital-only transmission of its channel lineup (requiring a digital converter box or CableCard-compliant receiver to receive programming), therefore on all providers – except those operated by Comcast, the CSN+ feed would likely have its own channel slot. A gametime-only CSN+ high definition feed is also used on Comcast systems, with cable provider tutorials filling the remainder of the network's schedule, while other systems substitute other programming in the interim.
Partnerships with other Tribune Company properties.
Due to CLTV's ownership by the Tribune Company, the channel shares content and reporting from other news operations run by the company. News footage is shared extensively between CLTV and WGN-TV. All of CLTV's weather coverage is provided by WGN-TV. Columnists from the "Chicago Tribune" also provide in-depth reporting for many feature stories seen on CLTV. Metromix, a joint venture between the Tribune Company and the Gannett Company that provides local arts and cultural coverage and is available as the cultutal section in the "Tribune", produced "Metromix Weekend" for CLTV. The primetime program initially aired on a nightly basis until 2008, when it was relegated to Thursdays and Fridays, with repeats during the weekend (the program is currently on hiatus).
Availability.
CLTV reaches an estimated 1.8 million households, making it one of the most widely distributed regional cable news channels in the United States. The channel had been exclusively available on Comcast (and its forerunners AT&T Broadband, MediaOne and TCI) until October 2009, when RCN started to carry CLTV after Tribune struck a new carriage agreement with Comcast that removed the channel's exclusivity to that provider, enabling CLTV to appear on additional providers in the Chicago area. Three months later on January 19, 2010, Comcast began offering CLTV on digital cable in the company's Rockford and South Bend service areas. The SportsChannel/Fox Sports Net and Comcast SportsNet overflow content was not exclusive before October 2009, and was used on other systems that did not carry CLTV. CLTV currently remains unavailable to WOW!, AT&T U-verse, Dish Network and DirecTV subscribers in the Chicago market.
On-air staff.
Current on-air news staff.
+ denotes personnel exclusively seen on CLTV<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2921186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921186" title="Deep Cover (song)">
Deep Cover (song)

"Deep Cover", also known as ""187"", is Dr. Dre's debut solo single, and his first track released after the break up of N.W.A.. The track was recorded for the soundtrack of the film "Deep Cover". The song features Snoop Dogg making his first appearance on record. 
History.
The album peaked on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart at #166 on July 25, 1992. Apart from the soundtrack compilation, it also appeared as a single and on Dr. Dre's "First Round Knock Out", which spent two weeks on the "Billboard" 200 starting at #52 and later on several greatest hits albums, including: "Doggy Stuff" and "Doggy Style Hits". Like the artist indication on the original 12" vinyl says, "Dr. Dre introducing Snoop Doggy Dogg", it is the first time Snoop Dogg was featured on a record. As a single it had no major breakthrough regarding sales, but it launched Snoop Dogg's career. It samples a number of 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s funk acts, such as Undisputed Truth's "(I Know) I'm Losing You" and Sly & the Family Stone's "Sing a Simple Song", which provided the drumbeat. The single was set to be released on "The Chronic", but fallout from Body Count's banned song, "Cop Killer", prevented it since this song is also about killing police officers. The film itself did not have much success, and it only received two nominations on the "Independent Spirits Awards" in 1993, but the song was well received. The song was featured in the video game "", on the radio station Radio Los Santos. During the 2007 VH1 Hip Hop Honors show, T.I. and B.G. performed this song during Snoop's honor ceremony. In April 2012 at the Coachella event in California, Snoop and Dre performed the song live.
Music video.
The plot of the video resembles that of the same-titled movie starring Laurence Fishburne and Jeff Goldblum. An undercover cop goes deep in the hierarchic pyramid of the underground mafia to get the bosses locked up, and "goes deep" also by getting addicted to drugs while trying to not reveal himself. The video begins in the first scene with Snoop, marking Snoop's first appearance in a music video, Dre and a black kingpin in a smoky office in the middle of an initiation where Snoop has to decide between the pipe and being caught up. After that introduction the music starts but the rest of the video is rather cut-to-cut and is a mixture of some five seconds long takes in black and white and some pictures from the motion picture. The scenes take place in a filthy concrete bungalow with several crack addicts and a projector flashing the movie itself on the wall. The house is later raided by the drug squad. There's also a scene with Snoop and Dre wearing business suits in a car, but it has no additional meaning to the plot.
Remix.
There is a remix of the song entitled "One Eight Seven", later known as "Deep Cover - The Remix" on the "Fuck Wit Dre Day" 12" single and on the 1995 album "One Million Strong", and the Death Row compilation, "Dr. Dre Chronicles: Deathrow Classics". The remix, a minute shorter than the original, has a slightly modified sample and alternate lyrics. The title, which is also a part of the chorus, refers to the paragraph of the California Penal Code that defines murder. 
Samples and use in media.
The song is featured in the video games "Saints Row 2", ', and ', on the rap radio station The Liberty Jam. 
A song by Big Pun, featuring Fat Joe, called "Twinz (Deep Cover '98)", from his album "Capital Punishment", featured the same beat and different lyrics. Snoop Dogg makes an appearance in the "Twinz" music video as acknowledgment for the remix. Ghostface Killah from the Wu-Tang Clan and DJ Green Lantern used the instrumental for their 'Internet Invasion' Mixtape's first song. 50 Cent used the beat along with G-Unit on their song "187 Yayo". The Game used the beat on his song "200 Bars & Running," which dissed Joe Budden, Memphis Bleek, Domination and Bang 'Em Smurf. He also had a similar-sounding beat on his song "911 Is A Motherfucking Joke (Cop Killa)". Most recently, Apathy used the Deep Cover beat on the "Deeper Cover Freestyle" track on his 2012 mixtape It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas! Volume 3. Rapper Tyga also sampled the beat in his 2013 single, "Dope".

</doc>
<doc id="2921189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921189" title="Hemin Desai">
Hemin Desai

Hemin Pratap Desai (born September 10, 1977) is an Indian-born cricketer who has represented Oman at the List A level.
His highest score in List A cricket was achieved on 27 November 2007 against Namibia in the 2007 ICC World Cricket League Division Two. Opening the batting, Desai completely dominated his first-wicket partnership with Zeeshan Siddiqui, scoring an extraordinary 82 runs out of 84 before being first out. One run went to his batting partner and one to Extras. Oman won the game by two wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="2921199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921199" title="Catrine">
Catrine

Catrine is a village in East Ayrshire, Scotland which was formerly a centre of cotton manufacture.
Geography.
The village lies on the River Ayr which previously provided water power for local industry. It is in the parish of Sorn, 2 miles (3 km) south east of Mauchline.
Transport.
The A76 road lies south west of Catrine. A railway branch line to Catrine (Glasgow & South Western Railway) was one of the last to be built in Scotland in the 20th century. Catrine's station opened in 1903. The line closed to scheduled passenger services in 1943, although it continued to be used for freight and the occasional enthusiast railtour until the 1960s when the line was closed.
History.
Catrine was constructed around one of the first cotton mills in Scotland in 1787 by Claud Alexander of Ballochmyle (who had made a not insignificant fortune as Commissary General in India) in partnership with David Dale. A plan of Catrine at that time shows the hamlet consisted of eleven buildings, including a smithy and corn mill.
In 1801, the factory was purchased by Messrs James Finlay & Co., of Glasgow. In 1802, two artificial lochs, covering between them , were constructed above Muirkirk, near the village of Glenbuck, to supply the cotton works. The business was greatly enlarged in 1823 when they added extensive bleaching works. The motive power for the works was supplied by wooden wheels, made from oak grown on Drumlanrig estate.
In 1828, the wooden wheels were replaced by two large iron wheels; steam engines of were later added as auxiliary. When constructed, the iron wheels were the largest in Britain. The diameter of each wheel was , in circumference, and broad, or within the buckets. There were 120 buckets on each wheel. Each bucket contained of water. The wheels made three revolutions per minute, and passed 360 buckets per minute, of water per wheel, 7,920 for the two, equal to 210 tons of water per minute. They were 500 nominal horsepower. These wheels were a tourist attraction in their day and continued in service until the 1940s.
A new mill was completed in 1950 but closed some 20 years later. The old mill was destroyed by fire during its demolition in 1963. The new mill was used for several years as a large furniture warehouse, but was eventually demolished in 1980.
Iron Age rock art in the form of Cup and ring marks [http://www.heritageaction.org/?page=heritagealerts_ballochmyle] have been found at nearby Ballochmyle.
Famous people.
Nether Catrine House was the country seat of the philosopher Dugald Stewart, professor of Moral Philosophy at Edinburgh University from 1785 and is located on the south bank of the River Ayr. It was here that the poet, Robert Burns, famously "dinner'd wi a lord".
Present day.
Catrine today is a picturesque village of around 2500 inhabitants. The site of the former bleaching works of Messrs Finlay & Co. is now occupied by Glen Catrine Bond who bottle whisky & vodka and market them under a number of different brand names. 
In 2006, the so-called Catrine Voes (the reservoirs to the former cotton works), the Radical Brae and the Chapel Brae were designated as a Local Nature Reserve. The weir, the reservoirs and other structures (lades, tunnels and suchlike) comprise a Scheduled Ancient Monument and are in the ownership of Catrine Community Trust (formerly Catrine Voes Trust),a charitable trust. Catrine Community Trust is actively engaged in seeking funding to conserve and restore these for future generations to enjoy. David Alexander Scott, world famous mountaineer and conservationist, originally hailed from this small Ayrshire village and occasionally returns to treat the locals to free abseiling in nearby Mauchline Gorge.
Basic Info, Local Groups and Organizations.
Catrine plays host to many groups/organizations which include;
Hugh Hutchison,
Bob Pirrie 

</doc>
<doc id="2921202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921202" title="Beach Spikers">
Beach Spikers

Beach Spikers is a beach volleyball video game released in Japanese arcades in 2000 followed by home ports in all regions for the Nintendo GameCube in 2001. The game was published by Sega and developed in-house by Sega AM2.
Gameplay.
Based on the sport of beach volleyball, the game revolves around two-on-two matches where a volleyball is hit back and forth over a net until one side allows the ball to touch the ground. Similar to Sega's "Virtua" sports games, most of the gameplay in "Beach Spikers" is based around the concept of "charging" the strength of your moves, judged by how long the button is held prior to release at the point of which the move is executed. There is a button for setting (passing) and a button for rallying (sending the ball over the net) which, combined with how long the button is held to determine strength, is the basis for the way the entire game is played. There are two modes to choose from: Arcade Mode and World Tour mode. Arcade mode is a basic progression through a series of AI opponents, and in the multiplayer portion of Arcade Mode, it's head-to-head matches for up to four human players. In World Tour mode, you take a user-created team through a tournament, earning points as you go that allow you to increase the stats of your players and also unlock special teams and players, including one based on the character Ulala from Sega's Space Channel 5 series.
Reception.
Critical response was generally favorable. Review aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic score the game at 77.3% and 76%, respectively. It also received an 8.1 from GameSpot, an 8.2 from IGN, and 4.5 stars from Gamespy.

</doc>
<doc id="2921206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921206" title="Gartok">
Gartok

Gartok (), now called Garyarsa (Tibetan: "sGar-dbyar-sa", "Place of the summer camp"; Wade–Giles romanization: "Ka-erh-ya-sha"), is a trade-market of Tibet, situated on the bank of the Indus on the road between Shigatse and Leh, to the east of Simla. At an elevation of 14,630 ft (4,460 m), it is located at the base of the Kailash Range; it was formerly the main town and summer capital of western Tibet, and its administrator was called the Garpon. The name means 'military camp.' Pop. (mid-1980s est.) fewer than 10,000.
In accordance with the Tibet treaty of 1904, Gartok, together with Yatung and Gyantse, was thrown open to British trade. On the return of the column from Lhasa in that year, Gartok was visited by a party under Captain C.H.D. Ryder, who found only a few dozen people in winter quarters, their houses being in the midst of a bare plain. In summer, however, all the trade between Tibet and Ladakh passed through it. 
Cecil Rawling wrote of it as he saw it during the British expedition to Tibet:It was poor enough in all conscience, considering that it is the capital of Western Tibet, and that the Garpons reside here for about three months in the year, at which time it becomes a busy centre of commerce. Gartok only boasts of three good sized houses and twelve miserable hovels. ... Gartok in reality consists of two distinct places situated forty miles apart. The one we visited is known as Gar Yarsa or Summer Quarters, and the other, which is also on the Indus but at a lower altitude, Gar Gunsa or Winter Quarters.

</doc>
<doc id="2921219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921219" title="Ruckman">
Ruckman

Ruckman may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2921223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921223" title="Bobby Tambling">
Bobby Tambling

Robert Victor "Bobby" Tambling (born 18 September 1941) is a former English professional footballer, who played most notably for Chelsea, Crystal Palace and England. He was Chelsea's all-time top scorer for 47 years, with 202 goals in all competitions until Frank Lampard surpassed this total on 11 May 2013. Tambling remains Chelsea's all-time top scorer in league competition with 164 goals. After enjoying a successful career in the Football League during the 1960s and early 1970s, Tambling moved to Ireland to work as a Jehovah's Witness missionary. He subsequently played for several clubs in the League of Ireland and also represented the League of Ireland XI. After retiring as a player he continued to live in Ireland, residing in Crosshaven, County Cork.
Playing career.
Chelsea.
A talented schoolboy footballer who played for England schoolboys, his signature as a professional player was sought out by several teams including Reading, Wolverhampton Wanderers and the club he supported as a boy, Blackpool. Having met scout Jimmy Thompson and manager Ted Drake Tambling joined Chelsea as a fifteen year-old in 1957. He made his debut, aged seventeen in 1959 scoring in a 3-2 win against West Ham United. Two years later, following the transfer of Jimmy Greaves to AC Milan, he became Chelsea's main striker and was their leading goal scorer for five seasons in the 1960s. Forming a partnership with Barry Bridges, Tambling was made club captain in 1962 by manager Tommy Docherty after Chelsea's relegation to the Second Division. With Docherty adding new players Terry Venables and Peter Bonetti Chelsea made an immediate return to the top flight with Tambling as their top scorer as he was in their first season back in the top division. In 1965 he was a member of the team which won the 1965 Football League Cup Final. Played over two legs, Tambling scored the first goal in the first leg, a 3-2 defeat of Leicester City. Tambling was also a member of the Chelsea side which lost the 1967 FA Cup Final. Although he scored for Chelsea his 85th minute goal was little more than a consolation as Tottenham Hotspur, with former Chelsea players Greaves and Venables, won 2-1. Tambling holds the record for the highest number of goals scored for Chelsea in a league game. He scored five goals in a 6-2 away win at Aston Villa on 17 September 1966 before being substituted by Allan Harris. His record 202 for Chelsea goals came in only 370 games. In the 1969-70 season he played only seven games for Chelsea. Having fallen out of favour as first choice striker and after not being selected for the 1970 FA Cup Final between Chelsea and Leeds United, in 1970 he transferred to Crystal Palace.
In 2004, Tambling had a suite named after him at Stamford Bridge, in honour of his status at Chelsea. He was recently named in the club's greatest ever XI, selected to mark the club's centenary.
Despite suffering from Martorelli's ulcer, a leg condition which saw him admitted to hospital for four months in 2013, he was able to travel from his home in Ireland to be the special guest of Chelsea at their home game against Swansea City on 28 April 2013, where he made "an emotional half-time lap of honour" on a wheelchair.
Crystal Palace.
Following his £40,000 transfer, Tambling played only three games for Crystal Palace during the 1969-70 season as a result of several injuries. The following two seasons saw him play 66 games scoring seventeen goals however seasons 1972-73 and 1973-74 saw only seven games and no goals. The highlight of his time with Palace was his two goals in the San Siro Stadium as Palace beat Inter Milan 2-1 in the 1971 Anglo-Italian Cup.
Ireland.
In 1973 Tambling quit Crystal Palace and moved to Ireland. Tambling was a committed Jehovah's Witness and volunteered for evangelical duty in County Cork. He subsequently played for several clubs in the League of Ireland. On the advice of his former Chelsea team mate Paddy Mulligan, he first signed for Cork Celtic. In 1974, playing alongside Alfie Hale, Tambling scored 7 goals as he helped Celtic win only their only league title. He also played and scored in the 1974–75 European Cup
and between 1974 and 1977 also served Celtic as player manager. He spent the 1977–78 season at Waterford United, playing alongside Peter Thomas and Johnny Matthews, before switching to Shamrock Rovers for the 1978–79 season. He finished his playing career with Cork Alberts. Tambling also briefly served as manager of Cork City during the 1984–85 season. In more recent times Tambling continues to live in Crosshaven where he also manages the local Munster Senior League side.
International career.
England.
Between 1962 and 1966 Tambling made 3 international appearances for England. He had previously represented England at Under 23 level. He made his full England debut on 21 November 1962 in a 4-0 win against Wales in the British Home Championship. On 27 February 1963, he scored his only international goal in a European Nations' Cup qualifier which England lost 5-2 to France at Parc de Princes. Tambling would have to wait more than three years for his next game, on 4 May 1966, a 2-0 friendly win against Yugoslavia. It would prove to be his last international appearance for England. Tambling won all three of his England caps while a Chelsea player.
League of Ireland XI.
Tambling also played for the League of Ireland XI on at least 2 occasions. On 21 September 1977 at Dalymount Park he featured against a Republic of Ireland team that included Johnny Giles, Liam Brady, Steve Heighway and Don Givens. The league selection lost 2-1. On 19 April 1978 Tambling also played against Argentina at the Estadio Alberto J. Armando, in a warm up game as part of their preparations for hosting the 1978 FIFA World Cup. His team mates included Johnny Giles, Ray Treacy, Eamonn Gregg and Synan Braddish. The starting eleven for Argentina included nine players who later played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup Final. Argentina won this game 3-1. On these two occasions Tambling was a Waterford United player.

</doc>
<doc id="2921227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921227" title="KV10">
KV10

Tomb KV10, located in the Valley of the Kings near the modern-day Egyptian city of Luxor, was cut and decorated for the burial of Pharaoh Amenmesse of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Ancient Egypt. However, there is no proof that he was actually buried here. Later, the decoration was replaced with scenes for Takhat and Baketwernel--two royal women dating to the late 20th dynasty.
It was visited by Richard Pococke, Jean-François Champollion and Karl Richard Lepsius, and briefly studied by Edward R. Ayrton before being properly examined by a team from the University of Memphis in the United States under Otto Schaden in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2921236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921236" title="Magnus Kihlstedt">
Magnus Kihlstedt

Magnus Kihlstedt (born 29 February 1972 in Munkedal) is a former Swedish football goalkeeper. As of 2004 he had 13 matches for the national team. He has become Danish league and cup champion with FC København.
Clubs statistics.
1 All games in the UEFA Cup.
2 3 games in the UEFA Champions League qualifying rounds, 6 games in the UEFA Cup.
3 1 game in the UEFA Champions League qualifying round, 2 games in the Scandinavian Royal League.
Honours.
Oddevold
Brann
FC København

</doc>
<doc id="2921237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921237" title="Jon Blais">
Jon Blais

Jon Blais (August 30, 1971 – May 27, 2007), also known as Blazeman, was an American triathlete noted for his fight against amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and is the namesake of the Blazeman Foundation.
Battle with ALS.
Born and raised in Seekonk, Massachusetts, Blais moved to San Diego, California because of its reputation as a triathlon mecca and to work with learning disabled and at risk students. On May 2, 2005, at age 33, he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease or motor neurone disease, a progressive disease in which the nerve cells controlling voluntary muscle movement degenerate and die off. He was permitted to enter the 2005 Ironman Triathlon in Hawaii, a lifelong dream. As Blais put it, "Finishing the race is huge for me. No one is beating ALS. No one has done anything but walk away and die." His resolve to finish the race was unwavering as he stated, "Even if I have to be rolled across the finish line, I'm finishing." With a total time of 16:28:56, more than half an hour before the cutoff, he "log-rolled" across the finish line and is the first person with ALS to start and finish this race. He died on May 27, 2007. Some international triathletes continue to honor Blais and show their support for the fight against ALS by doing a "Blazeman-Roll" across the Ironman finish-line.
Blazeman Foundation.
The Blazeman Foundation is a non-profit organization that raises money internationally to foster awareness of and research on ALS. Branding itself as the "Multi-Sport Movement To End Lou Gehrig's Disease," the organization was founded in 2007 by friends and family of Jon Blais. As a popular money-raising cause and "reason to race" for professional and amateur triathletes, the organization is the subject of frequent press coverage in local news outlets around the world and in media devoted to running, swimming, bicycling, and triathlon competition.
The organization operates under the leadership of Jon Blais' parents, Bob and Mary Ann Blais, his sister, Jennifer Murphy, and friends. Supporters include leading Ironman competitors, such as Chrissie Wellington, Leanda Cave, Andy Potts, Mirinda Carfrae, Matt Reed, Bryan Rhodes, and Scott Tinley. In 2011 these star triathletes were featured in a music video to raise money for the foundation.
Exemplifying the passion amateur athletes have for the cause, 18-year-old "Blaze Kid" Jennifer Hansen had raised almost $30,000 for the organization before reaching eligibility for her first Ironman event in 2011. The San Francisco athlete said the disease hit home with her in 2009 when a beloved basketball coach was diagnosed with ALS.
Research funding from the foundation has been awarded to Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center ($11,300 in 2011), Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine ($400,000 committed through 2012 ), and the University of Maryland, where the organization will be supporting the university's Brain and Tissue Bank in setting up a program for ALS patients to donate their tissue postmortem for research.

</doc>
<doc id="2921238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921238" title="X-Cutioner's Song">
X-Cutioner's Song

"X-Cutioner's Song" is a crossover storyline published by Marvel Comics' in twelve parts from the November 1992 to early 1993. It ran in "Uncanny X-Men", "", "X-Factor", and "X-Force", and featured Stryfe as the central villain. The story was heavily hyped as revealing the origin of popular X-Force star Cable, but ultimately Cable's origin was not covered in any of the installments.
The main issues of the crossover were sold polybagged with a special trading card that featured Stryfe's personal views of key characters from the crossover. Because of this, the issues themselves were priced at $1.50, twenty-five cents more than their normal price of $1.25.
Plot.
Mutant pop-star Lila Cheney organizes a free concert in Central Park to promote diversity in society and invites Professor Charles Xavier to speak at the concert. His speech is interrupted by Stryfe who, disguised as his doppelganger and nemesis Cable, shoots Xavier with a bullet that infects the professor with a lethal strain of the Techno-organic virus.
Meanwhile, War and Famine, the Horsemen of Apocalypse, attack Iceman and Colossus, distracting them from Caliban, who kidnaps Cyclops and Jean Grey. The Horsemen are working for Mr. Sinister, who is impersonating the Horsemen's former master Apocalypse. Mr. Sinister organized the kidnapping as part of his newly formed alliance with Stryfe. Stryfe trades Mr. Sinister a canister containing the past and future Summers family DNA history, and receives Jean Grey and Cyclops in the exchange.
While Xavier is rushed to the hospital, X-Factor and the Blue X-Men strike team go after X-Force, Cable's team of mutants. X-Force, however, is in the dark about Cable's current location (having been separated from him during a S.H.I.E.L.D.-organized raid of their headquarters). But mutual distrust causes the two groups to attack and ultimately capture X-Force. Meanwhile, Mr. Sinister doublecrosses Stryfe by revealing to the X-Men that Stryfe, under the guise of Cable, was the shooter.
While the Blue X-Men strike team, X-Factor, Boom Boom and Cannonball go after the Mutant Liberation Front, Storm's Gold X-Men strike team, along with Quicksilver, confront Apocalypse over Scott and Jean's kidnapping, hoping as well to gain a cure for the virus that is threatening Xavier's life. Apocalypse is incredibly weak, having been nearly killed by Cyclops in their previous encounter and prematurely awoken from his regeneration chamber by his minions the Dark Riders. After learning from the Dark Riders that someone had been impersonating him, and ordered his old minions to kidnap Jean and Scott, Apocalypse barely escapes with his life. Archangel finds himself becoming more and more consumed with punishing Apocalypse for his crimes, most notably Apocalypse's converting Archangel into the blue-skinned, metal winged angel of death.
The Mutant Liberation Front is defeated, though at the cost of Rogue being blinded by MLF member Strobe. Meanwhile Bishop and Wolverine locate Cable and after a brawl, decide to give him the benefit of the doubt and work together to find Jean and Scott.
Apocalypse is ambushed by Stryfe, who declares that he is out for revenge for unknown wrongs committed against him as a child by Apocalypse. After Stryfe stabs him in the chest, Apocalypse escapes and seeks refuge amongst the X-Men, ultimately curing Xavier of the techno-organic virus as payment for sanctuary.
Cyclops and Jean are systematically tortured by Stryfe, who blames the two mutants for ruining his life, a claim that leaves the two X-Men stunned since they never encountered Stryfe before their kidnapping. Stryfe and his new minions the Dark Riders, who pledge their allegiance to Stryfe after he defeats Apocalypse, move the two to Apocalypse's former base on the Moon. Scott and Jean escape, entering the vacuum before realizing they are not on Earth. Her powers no longer blocked, Jean sends a frantic SOS to Wolverine.
The X-Men, knowing Xavier will live now that Apocalypse has purged the techno-virus from him, head into space to save their teammates. Cable, Wolverine, and Bishop head out to Stryfe's base on the Moon too and arrive there first, decimating Stryfe's defenses just as the X-Men (Storm, Psylocke, Polaris, Cannonball, Havok, Iceman and Archangel) and Apocalypse arrive. Splitting up, Apocalypse is ambushed by the Dark Riders, who beat their former master to the brink of death. Apocalypse is later confronted by Archangel who refuses Apocalypse's request for a mercy killing.
Upon catching Jean and Scott Summers outside the moonbase, Stryfe takes them to a giant time portal he had constructed on the Moon. As Cable, Cannonball, Havok and Polaris make their way to the tower, a forcefield is activated that prevents any without the Summers DNA from approaching the tower just as Stryfe activated the tower's time portal technology. Stryfe planned this so he could confront Cable alone, and though Havok has enough genetic similarity to Scott to pass through the forcefield, doing so renders him unconscious. Cable finds himself hopelessly outmatched by Stryfe, but as they battle, Jean Grey and Cyclops break free and Havok regains consciousness. Driven to despair, Stryfe tries to collapse the active tower upon the X-Men. Cable grabs Stryfe and orders Cyclops to activate the time vortex, a plan that would kill both Stryfe and Cable. Cyclops reluctantly does so; both men are sucked into a massive vortex that is created as the tower explodes. Cyclops and Jean Grey begin to suspect that either Stryfe or Cable is Cyclops' son Nathan Christopher Summers, who Cyclops was forced to abandon and send into the future after Apocalypse infected him with a techno-virus.
Mr. Sinister has a minion, Gordan, open the canister given to him by Stryfe, only to find it apparently empty. Though not revealed in "X-Cutioner's Song", the canister in fact contained the Legacy Virus.
Epilogue.
Professor X discovers that the techno-organic virus has left him temporarily capable of walking and spends his few hours without paralysis bonding with Jubilee. Rogue and Gambit hang out together as Rogue agrees to let Gambit be her "eyes" until she regains her sight, laying the groundwork for the two finally becoming a couple. Archangel and Beast rebuild the bar that Cyclops and Jean Grey were kidnapped in and think back to their days as the original X-Men.
"Stryfe's Strike File".
"Stryfe's Strike File" was the name of a 1993 "X-Men" one-shot written by Fabian Nicieza and Scott Lobdell. It included several years worth of foreshadowing of Lobdell and Nicieza's X-Men plotlines, most notably the Legacy Virus plotline. The comic framing device was that the files in the one-shot were on a CD-ROM found at Stryfe's base by Bishop and handed over to Xavier without telling anyone else about it. After nearly two dozen pages of text and picture files, most of which were taken from the trading card inserts included in the individual issues of the crossover, the book ended with a closing sequence where Xavier destroys the disk rather than showing it to Cyclops and Jean Grey.
The book contained entries for Graydon Creed, Threnody, and Holocaust prior to their first appearances elsewhere. Graydon Creed would appear as a villain two months later, Threnody would appear eleven months late, yet Holocaust would not appear in the X-Men comics until the alternate reality "Age of Apocalypse" storyline. The version found in that storyline differs from the one found in Stryfe's Strike File in that the Age of Apocalypse Holocaust requires a containment suit and is very talkative while the Holocaust in the files does not need a containment suit and is a silent killer.
Publication.
Collected editions.
The storyline (except for "Stryfe's Strike Files" & "Epilogues 1& 2") have been collected into a trade paperback:
It has also been collected into a hardcover:
Collects Uncanny X-Men #294-297, X-Factor #84-86, X-Men #14-16, X-Force #16-18 and Stryfe's Strike File
Background.
In 1991, the X-Men franchise had reached a popularity level unheard of at the time, with the release of the high selling X-Men (vol. 2) #1 and X-Force #1, as well as the contributions of popular artists Jim Lee, Rob Liefeld and Whilce Portacio to the main X-Men books. But by 1992, Portacio, Lee and Liefeld all left Marvel Comics to form their own comic company, alongside several other high profile Marvel artists and editors. This hurt the X-Men franchise considerably, as Marvel Editor Bob Harras had only just removed longtime contributors Louise Simonson and Chris Claremont from the X-Men books in order to give complete creative control to Jim Lee and the other artists. New writers and artists were quickly drafted to replace the departing fan favorite artists, most notably writers Scott Lobdell and Fabian Nicieza and artist Greg Capullo.
At a writer's retreat held by the X-Men writing staff in 1992, the writers began to plan which direction the X-Men were going to be going in. A massive crossover had been decided upon prior to the formation of Image Comics and it was decided by the new writers to continue with the plan as a means to keep attention on the X-Men books at the time. The subject of the crossover was having the X-Men face their biggest enemies at the time (Stryfe, Apocalypse, and Mr. Sinister) and revealing the origin of the popular X-Force leader Cable.
A year earlier it was heavily implied that Cable was Nathan Christopher Summers, the infant son of X-Man Cyclops and Madelyne Prior. Meanwhile, Stryfe revealed that he had the same face as Cable. As fans had picked up on these plot threads, Fabian Nicieza pushed for the reveal that Stryfe was the timelost Nathan Summers and that Cable was the heroic clone of the missing Summers child.
During the planning of the crossover, Scott Lobdell and Fabian Nicieza wanted to feature the return of Magneto, believed to be dead at the time, during the storyline, mainly to provide fans with an added shock moment and to add to the impact of the story regarding having the X-Men and their allies face down against their worst enemies in a single crisis. Peter David sarcastically proclaimed that Magneto should remove Wolverine's adamantium skeleton upon his return. While the plan to make Magneto's return was dropped from the storyline, David's suggestion would be used when the writers brought Magneto back the following year as part of the "Fatal Attractions" crossover.
There is a long-standing rumor that X-Men editor Bob Harras forced Lobdell and Nicieza to change the ending of the story to remove what was supposed to be the main drawing point of the storyline: Cable's origin. However, Nicieza has recently confirmed that this was not the case. The full details of the origin Cable (and Stryfe) would be held back until 1994, when it was revealed that Cable was in truth Nathan Christopher Summers and that Stryfe, not Cable, was the clone.
Reception.
Sales of "X-Cutioner's Song" were considerably higher than the issues of the participating series which preceded and succeeded it. However, the story was considered a disappointment by fans, chiefly because it had been promised that it would reveal Cable's origin, but instead provided only cryptic and sometimes confusing hints about the identities of Cable and Stryfe.
Fall-Out.
Stryfe and Apocalypse were both supposed to have remained dead after the story but both would be brought back to life. Excluding the "Age of Apocalypse" storyline, Apocalypse would return in "Cable" #19. Stryfe meanwhile would return as a ghost who possessed Cable. The story ended with Cable freeing himself from Stryfe's control, sending Stryfe's spirit to Hell for all eternity. Stryfe reappeared when his ghost attempted to escape Hell by possessing X-Force member Warpath but was foiled by the members of X-Force.
Ultimately Stryfe would be brought back to life as a time anomaly, having shown up out of the blue alongside the Dark Riders during a crossover between Cable and X-Man and would go on to bedevil the X-Men until his most recent death during the Gambit/Bishop mini-series. Stryfe would yet again return after M-Day and seemed to perish again, although it is unknown if it is a Stryfe from another reality.
The major long-term result of "X-Cutioner's Song" was the Legacy Virus. Stryfe had earlier given Mister Sinister a canister that he claimed contained two thousand years worth of genetic material from the Summers bloodline. When Sinister opened it after Stryfe was apparently killed by Cable, he found nothing inside. The canister actually contained a plague, Stryfe's "Legacy" to the world. The virus, presumably from the future, was 100% fatal and struck only mutants but later infected the human doctor and long-time X-Men ally, Moira MacTaggert. MacTaggert would ultimately develop a cure just before her death, though it would cost the mutant Peter Rasputin (Colossus) his life, due to the cure requiring a mutant to die in order to activate it.

</doc>
<doc id="2921242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921242" title="Curtis Doebbler">
Curtis Doebbler

Curtis F.J. Doebbler is an international human rights lawyer who since 1988 has been representing individuals before international human rights bodies in Africa, Europe, the Americas and before United Nations bodies. He is also an American lawyer authorized to practice before the courts of the District of Columbia in Washington, DC, United States.
Doebbler was born in 1961 in Buffalo, New York, and has American, Palestinian, and Dutch nationality.
He is known for his outspoken opposition to human rights violations by the U.S. government and his support of individuals in countries that have been subject to armed attacks by the United States. He has worked almost two decades in Africa, Asia and the Middle East teaching international human rights law and representing individuals in human rights cases.
In the case of the former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, Doebbler argued before the Iraqi Special Tribunal that the court was illegal and did not respect human rights.
He has made representations before the UN Human Rights Council and at numerous side-events of the Council calling for an impartial, fair and equal application of international human rights law and an end the selective punishment of human rights violators, especially by taking steps to end the impunity of powerful countries.
He has frequently advises governments, including the Palestinian National Authority and the Hamas government.
Education.
Doebbler has degrees from four universities. His university degrees include a Ph.D. in International Law from London School of Economics, London, UK (he was supervised by Judge Rosalyn Higgins); a Degree of Masters of Law (LL.M./meesterstitel) from Radboud University Nijmegen (previously known as Katholieke Universiteit Nijmegen or Nijmegen Universiteit), Nijmegen, NL; a J.D. from New York Law School, New York City, New York, USA (where he studied under Professors Myres MacDougal and Lung-Chu Chen); and Bachelors of Arts in English literature and of Fine Arts in Journalism from Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas, USA. He also holds a diploma of the Hague Academy of International Law awarded in 2000.
Awards.
For his legal and humanitarian work Doebbler has received several fellowships and awards, including a Certificate of Recognition, Academy of Graduate Studies, Tripoli, Libya. Award For Work for International Justice (2008); Award for Work for Justice and Human Rights, awarded by An-Najah National University, Nablus, Palestine (2007); Marquis Who’s Who in American Law 2005-2014; Who’s Who in the World 2006-2010 and Who’s Who in America 2006-2010; a Law Department Teaching Fellowship, LSE, London, UK (1995-1997); Morris Scholarship, London, UK (1995-1997); a Research Fellowship from the Hague Academy of International Law, Den Haag, NL (July 1988); and First Prize at the Helsinki Summer Session of International and European Law, University of Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland (August 1988).
Career.
Doebbler has taught law at London School of Economics, Khartoum University, Pristina University, Tuzla University, The American University in Cairo, Webster University Geneva, and Tashkent State Institute of Law. From 2004 to 2010 Doebbler was a professor of law at An-Najah National University. In March 2010 he was denied entry to Palestin by the Israeli authorities and has not been able to return to An-Najah National University. He is currently a visiting adjunct professor of international law in the Faculty of International Relations at Webster University in Geneva, Switzerland.
As a practising international lawyer his clients have included governments, sitting and former heads of States, an estimated 2.5 million internally displaced persons in Sudan, an estimated 15,000 Ethiopian refugees, members of parliaments, and numerous other individuals and groups. He has also provided advice to senior government officials and non-governmental organizations.
Writing.
Doebbler has published numerous articles in academic journals and newspapers. His eight books include "The Principle of Non-Discrimination under International Law" (2007), "International Human Rights Law: Cases and Materials" (2004); "ИЗУЧЕНИЕ МЕЖДУНАРОДНЫХ ПРАВ ЧЕЛОВЕКА" (2004); "An Introduction to International Humanitarian Law" (2006); "An Introduction to International Human Rights Law" (2006); and "International Criminal Law" (2007). In the past, Doebbler has also been a regular contributor to the Egyptian newspaper "Al-Ahram" and to the online legal forum JURIST.
Views on Ukraine.
In March 2014 Doebbler wrote a wide-referenced artucle arguing that the United States and it allies were violating international law by trying to stymie the Crimean peoples' right to self-determination, while Russia was upholding international law by esnuring respect for his right.
Views on the United States' killing Osama Bin Laden.
Doebbler believes that the United States' killing of Osama bin Laden was a violation of international law. He writes that "any US claims of justification in a situation involving the taking of life requires that the US prove that it acted out of necessity or some other legal justification. Not only has the US failed to provide such proof, it has destroyed the best evidence —the body of the very victim. The US actions concerning Osama Bin Laden’s body look merely like the work of criminals trying to dispose of the evidence of their crime."

</doc>
<doc id="2921254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921254" title="Weis (frozen foods company)">
Weis (frozen foods company)

Weis is a privately owned Australian company producing frozen ice confectionery and frozen fruit desserts for domestic and international markets. The company is owned and operated by a second generation of the Weis family. The manufacturing plant is located in Toowoomba, Queensland with the sales and marketing office in Toowong, Queensland. Weis have been exporting to countries all over the world for over 10 years.
Weis are most well known for their bar shaped fruit ice creams known as Weis Bars. They are sold at most Australian milkbars for around A$2.50 and in boxes of 8 mini bars or 4 regular-sized bars at most supermarkets.
The original Weis Fruito Bar was developed by Cyril Weis in the 1930s and was sold from his own corner store in Toowoomba. Production ceased due to wartime rationing of cream, fruit and sugar but in 1957 the production of the Weis Fruito Bar was relaunched in Toowoomba. The Weis Fruito Bar contains Pineapple, Banana and Passionfruit.

</doc>
<doc id="2921264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921264" title="Hamid Gul">
Hamid Gul

Lieutenant-General Hamid Gul (Urdū:; born 20 November 1936) HI(M), SBt, is a retired high-ranking general officer in the Pakistan Army, and a former spymaster famous for serving as the Director-General of the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan's premier intelligence agency, between 1987 and 1989 during the late stages of and post-stages of the Soviet war in Afghanistan.
Gul is widely known and credited for pressing the hard-line policies on India after starting the insurgency in Kashmir against India in 1989 by diverting the Mujahideen who participated in the Soviet war to Indian-held Kashmir. Gul was also instrumental in the establishment of the Taliban and was once known as the "father of the Taliban". Apart from the Kashmir militancy in India and the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan, Gul is also accused by the United States of having ties to Islamic terrorist organisations such as the Al Qaeda.
Gul's tenure as the director of the "ISI" coincided with Benazir Bhutto's term as the Prime Minister of Pakistan. Later, Gul established the Islamic Democratic Alliance (IDA).
Early life.
Hamid Gul was born on 20 November 1936 to Muhammad Khan, in the Sargodha District of Punjab in what was then British India but now Pakistan. He got his early education from a school in his village. He briefly got admission in Government College Lahore, before reporting to Pakistan Military Academy Kakul.
Army career.
Hamid Gul was commissioned in the Pakistan Army in October 1957 with the 18th PMA Long Course in the 19th Lancers regiment of the Armoured Corps. He was a Tank commander during the 1965 war with India. During 1972–1976, Gul directly served under General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq as a battalion commander, and then as Staff Colonel, when General Zia was GOC, 1st Armoured Division and Commander, II Corps at Multan. Thus, Gul had already cemented his ties with General Zia by serving under him when both were officers in the Armoured regiments of the II Corps. Gul was promoted to Brigadier in 1978 and steadily rose to be the Martial Law Administrator of Bahawalpur and the Commander of the 1st Armoured Division, Multan in 1982, his appointments expressly wished by Zia himself.
Saudi influence.
Gul was then sent to GHQ as the Director-General or DG Military Intelligence (DGMI) under General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq who then nominated him to be the ISI chief succeeding General Akhtar Abdur Rahman in March 1987. He was later replaced as the ISI commander by PM Benazir Bhutto in May 1989 and Gul was transferred as the commander, II Corps in Multan. In this capacity, Gul conducted the Zarb-e-Momin military exercise in November–December 1989, the biggest Pakistani Armed Forces show of muscle since 1971 Indo-Pakistani War.
General Asif Nawaz upon taking the reins of Pakistan Army in August 1991, had Gul transferred as the DG Heavy Industries Taxila. A menial job compared to Gul's stature, Gul refused to take the assignment, an act for which he was retired from the army.
Career as ISI Chief.
Execution of failed Jalalabad operation.
During his time as head of the ISI and the Soviet war in Afghanistan, Gul was blamed for planning and executing the operation to capture Jalalabad from the Afghan army in the spring of 1989. This switch to conventional warfare was seen as a mistake by some since the mujahideen did not have the capacity to capture a major city. But the Pakistani army was intent on installing a fundamentalist-dominated government in Afghanistan, with Jalalabad as their provisional capital, Abdul Rasul Sayyaf as Prime Minister, and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar as Foreign Minister.
Contrary to Pakistani expectations, this battle proved that the Afghan army could fight without Soviet help, and greatly increased the confidence of government supporters. Conversely, the morale of the mujahideen involved in the attack slumped and many local commanders of Hekmatyar and Sayyaf concluded truces with the government. In the words of Brigadier Mohammad Yousef, an officer of the ISI, "the jihad the plans for Hekmatyar to be installed as prime minister never recovered from Jalalabad". As a result of this failure, Hamid Gul was sacked by Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and replaced by Shamsur Rahman Kallu, who pursued a more classical policy of support to the militants fighting Afghanistan.
Organization of IJI against PPP.
During his tenure as ISI chief in 1988, General Gul successfully gathered right-wing politicians and helped them create Islami Jamhoori Ittehad, a religio-political conservative coalition against the left-leaning liberal Pakistan Peoples Party. He has recently acknowledged this fact in various interviews and for this he was harshly rebuked in one of editorials of a major Pakistani newspaper, which asked the general to apologise first to the PPP for having done the sordid deed and after that, apologising for lack of wits because the IJI could not maintain its two-thirds majority for long.
Kashmir Insurgency.
Indian front.
According to Indian accusations B Raman, an Indian strategic analyst, Gul actively backed Khalistani militants. "When Bhutto became prime minister in 1988", Raman says, "Gul justified backing these insurgents as the only way of preempting a fresh Indian threat to Pakistan's territorial integrity. When she asked him to stop playing that card, he reportedly told her: Madam, keeping Punjab destabilized is equivalent to the Pakistan army having an extra division at no cost to the taxpayers." "Gul strongly advocated supporting indigenous Kashmiri groups", adds Raman, "but was against infiltrating Pakistani and Afghan mercenaries into Jammu and Kashmir. He believed Pakistan would play into India's hands by doing so."
Iranian front.
In Islamabad, Gul asked that Iran should explain its bona fides regarding the pact signed with India to jointly counter terrorism. According to him, "Iran should come clear on the nature of agreement with India. Otherwise this will create doubts and apprehensions in Muslim Ummah that Iran helps RAW in putting down Kashmir jihad". He also added that in case doubts about the agreement came true and Iran was seen as working with India against "Kashmir freedom struggle", then it will be concluded that the country also supports Mossad, Israeli external intelligence agency.
Turning against the United States.
General Gul worked closely with the CIA during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan when he was the ISI chief. But, he became passionately anti-American after the United States turned its back on Afghanistan following the 1989 Soviet withdrawal, as the United States had promised to help build a prosperous Afghanistan. He was further disconcerted when the USA began punishing Pakistan with economic and military sanctions for its secret nuclear program. General Gul then went on to declare that "the Muslim world must stand united to confront the U.S. in its so-called War on Terrorism, which is in reality a war against Muslims. Let's destroy America wherever its troops are trapped."
General Gul personally met Osama Bin Laden in 1993 and refused to label him a terrorist unless and until irrefutable evidence was provided linking him to alleged acts of terrorism.
Accusation of US and Israel behind 9/11.
Only days after the September 11 attacks he stated that they were "clearly an inside job".
Post-Army career.
Solidarity with Osama bin Laden.
According to Zahid Hussain, in his book "Frontline Pakistan", Lt. Gen. Hamid Gul and former Army chief General Mirza Aslam Beg were part of the 9 January 2001 Darul Uloom Haqqania Islamic conference held near Peshawar, which was also attended by 300 leaders representing various Islamic groups. The meeting declared it a religious duty of Muslims all over the world to protect the Taliban government, and the Saudi dissident Osama bin Laden it was hosting, whom they considered as a 'great Muslim warrior.' He has since gone on to praise Pakistan for hiding Bin Laden for nine years, in a television interview with Times Now.
Support for Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry.
On 12 March 2007, Gul marched shoulder-to-shoulder with activists from the liberal democratic parties and retired former senior military officers against General Pervez Musharraf. General Gul faced down riot police when they tried to arrest him at a rally outside the Supreme Court in Islamabad protesting against attempts to dismiss Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry.
He turned against the restored Supreme Court chief justice after a bench allowed Musharraf to contest the elections in uniform. This is first report said.
Accusation by Benazir Bhutto.
Days after the 2007 Karachi bombings, Benazir Bhutto in a letter to President Musharaf written on 16 October 2007 named Hamid Gul as one of the four persons including the current Intelligence Bureau (IB) Chief Ijaz Shah, the then chief minister of Punjab Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi, then chief minister of Sindh Arbab Ghulam Rahim, she suspected were behind the attacks. Gul responded furiously to these claims. He was arrested on 4 November by the Military police in Islamabad during President Pervez Musharraf's declared state of emergency.
Terrorism charges.
He has acknowledged being a member of banned militant organisation Ummah Tameer-e-Nau. The United States government has included Hamid Gul's name in a list of 4 former ISI officers for inclusion in the list of international terrorists that was sent to UN Secretary General, but China refused.
Gul has been informed by a senior official in Pakistan's Foreign Ministry that he had been placed on a U.S. watch list of global terrorists, along with several others. He was shown a U.S. document that detailed several charges against him, including allegations that he had ties to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
On 14 December 2008 President of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari in an interview with "Newsweek" described Hamid Gul as a political ideologue of terror.
In July 2010, Wikileaks released over 92,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan between 2004 and the end of 2009. In those documents Gul was accused of backing Taliban Insurgency against western forces to disrupt U.S. presence in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="2921277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921277" title="Sir William Constable, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Constable, 1st Baronet

Sir William Constable, 1st Baronet (baptized 1590–15 June 1655) was an English soldier, politician and regicide, who supported the Parliamentary cause during the English Civil War and interregnum.
Life.
Constable was the son of Sir Robert Constable, who owned estates in Flamborough and Holme in Yorkshire. Little is known about Constable's early life. In 1608, Constable married the daughter of Lord Fairfax and hence received the title baronet from James I in 1611. 
After James's death in 1625, Constable found an ally in Sir Thomas Wentworth, the future Earl of Stafford. Through Wentworth's appointment as High Sheriff of Yorkshire, Constable was elected Member of Parliament for Yorkshire in 1626, and then of Scarborough in 1628, serving until 1629. Wentworth appointed him his deputy-lieutenant in 1629. 
In 1630 Constable fell into considerable debt, and was forced to sell his estates, with plans to move to New England. This fell through, and Constable and his wife moved to the Netherlands. It was here Constable became involved in the Puritans, led by Philip Nye and Thomas Goodwin. Constable returned to England in 1641 and, with the support of his brother-in-law Lord Ferdinando Fairfax, was elected MP for Knaresborough, Yorkshire. Constable raised an infantry against the Royalist faction in 1642, and fought at Edgehill. In 1643 he commanded under the Fairfaxes at East Riding in Yorkshire. Although he resigned his commission under the Self-Defying Ordinance in 1645, he remained an active independent parliamentarian. He did, however, return to the army and took control of John Lambert's foot regiment. In 1648, he sided with Colonel Hammond in guarding the King (Charles I) at Carisbrooke Castle on the Isle of Wight. 
From 1648, he sat on the Army Council in the events leading up to the King's treason trial, and sat as a commissioner of the High Court of Justice during the trial itself, and signed the King's death warrant. After the King had been executed at the Banqueting House, Whitehall, he sat on the Council of State and attended many parliamentary committees concerned with military matters. in 1653 he was High Sheriff of Yorkshire. 
Constable died in June 1655, during the Commonwealth, received a State funeral and was buried in Westminster Abbey. After the restoration of the Monarchy in 1660, his body was exhumed from the abbey and re-interred in a communal burial pit in St Margaret's Churchyard, Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="2921284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921284" title="Busulfan">
Busulfan

Busulfan (Myleran, GlaxoSmithKline, Busulfex IV, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.) is a cancer drug, in use since 1959. 
Busulfan is a cell cycle non-specific alkylating antineoplastic agent, in the class of alkyl sulfonates. Its chemical designation is 1,4-butanediol dimethanesulfonate.
History.
Busulfan was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in 1999. Busulfan was the mainstay of the chemotherapeutic treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) until it was displaced by the new gold standard, imatinib, though it is still in use to a degree as a result of the drug's relative low cost.
Indications.
Busulfan is used in pediatrics and adults in combination with cyclophosphamide or fludarabine/clofarabine as a conditioning agent prior to bone marrow transplantation, especially in chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) and other leukemias, lymphomas, and myeloproliferative disorders. Busulfan can control tumor burden but cannot prevent transformation or correct cytogenic abnormalities.
The drug was recently used in a study to examine the role of platelet-transported serotonin in liver regeneration. 
Availability.
Myleran is supplied in white film coated tablets with 2 mg of busulfan per tablet. After 2002, a great interest has appeared for intravenous presentations of busulfan. Busulfex is supplied as an intravenous solution with 6 mg/ml busulfan. Busulfex has proved equally effective as oral busulfan, with presumedly less toxic side effects. Pharmacokinetic and dynamic studies support this use, that has prompted its usage in transplantation regimes, particularly in frail patients. Fludarabine + busulfan is a typical example of this use.
Side effects.
Toxicity may include interstitial pulmonary fibrosis ("Busulfan Lung"), hyperpigmentation, seizures, hepatic (veno-occlusive disease) (VOD), emesis, and wasting syndrome. Busulfan also induces thrombocytopenia, a condition of lowered blood platelet count and activity. Seizures and VOD are serious concerns with busulfan therapy and prophylaxis is often utilized to avoid these effects. Hepatic VOD is a dose-limiting toxicity.
Antiemetics are often administered prior to busulfan to prevent emesis.
Phenytoin may be used concurrently to prevent the seizures. Levetiracetam, has shown efficacy for the prophylaxis against busulfan-induced seizures. Benzodiazepines can also be used for busulfan-induced seizures.
Ursodiol may be considered for prophylaxis of veno-occlusive disease.
Busulfan is listed by the IARC as a Group 1 carcinogen.
Dosing, Administration, and Pharmacokinetics.
As an adjunct therapy with cyclophosphamide for conditioning prior to bone marrow transplantation in adults and children >12 kg, intravenous (IV) busulfan (Bulsulfex) is dosed at 0.8 mg/kg every 6 hours for 16 doses (4 days). IV busulfan is usually administered over two hours. Both IV and oral formulations require prophylactic antiemetic agents administered prior to the busulfan dose and scheduled antiemetics administered thereafter. Taking busulfan on an empty stomach is recommended to reduce the risk of nausea and emesis.
Peak plasma concentrations are achieved within one hour of oral administration. About 30% of the drug is bound to plasma proteins, such as albumin.
Busulfan therapeutic drug monitoring is completed based on trough (pre-dose) levels with a target 6-hour area under the curve (AUC) of between 900 and 1500 micromolxmin. AUCs (6-hour) >1500 micromolxmin are associated with hepatic VOD and subsequent dose reduction should be considered. AUCs (6-hour) <900 micromolxmin are associated with incomplete bone marrow ablation and subsequent dose escalation should be considered. Dose adjustments are performed using first order kinetics, such that the adjusted dose = current dose x (target AUC/actual AUC).
Drug Interactions.
Busulfan is metabolized via glutathione conjugation in the liver to inactive metabolites. Itraconazole can decrease busulfan clearance by up to 25%, resulting in AUC levels >1500 micromolxmin and increased risk of hepatic VOD. Concomitant use of acetaminophen within 72 hours of busulfan use can reduce busulfan clearance (resulting in increased busulfan AUC), as acetaminophen is also metabolized via glutathione and may deplete stores. Phenytoin increases hepatic clearance of busulfan (resulting in decreased busulfan AUC). However, clinical studies of busulfan were completed with patients taking phenytoin, so no empiric dose adjustment is necessary if patients are taking phenytoin with busulfan.
Pharmacology.
Busulfan is an alkylsulfonate. It's an alkylating agent that forms DNA-DNA intrastrand crosslinks between the DNA bases guanine and adenine and between guanine and guanine. This occurs through an SN2 reaction in which the relatively nucleophilic guanine N7 attacks the carbon adjacent to the mesylate leaving group. DNA crosslinking prevents DNA replication. Because the intrastrand DNA crosslinks cannot be repaired by cellular machinery, the cell undergoes apoptosis.
Complexation.
The molecular recognition of ureido-cyclodextrin with busulfan was investigated. The formation of complexes was observed with electrostatic interactions between urea and the sulfonate part of busulfan.
Another structure was used for this complexation type, two disaccharidyl units connected by urea linkers to a diazacrown ether organizing platform.

</doc>
<doc id="2921286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921286" title="Stretton-on-Dunsmore">
Stretton-on-Dunsmore

Stretton-on-Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. Its population in the 2001 census was recorded as 1,143 - in the 19th century the population was 634. It is situated just south of the A45 trunk road, roughly half way between Rugby and Coventry. Administratively, Stretton is part of the borough of Rugby.
Stretton means "settlement on a Roman Road" (from the Old English stræt and tun). In this case the road is Fosse Way. This site is referred to in the Doomsday Book The National Archives - Stretton on Fosse, Warwickshire Folio: 244r Great Domesday Book. Copy held on the Public Record in the National Archives, Kew. Dated 1086.
In the reign of William the Conqueror the manor of Stratone was owned by Roger de Montgomery. It was 5 hides in area and possessed an ancient mill called Purmulne later called Pirrey Mill which was given to the monks of Coombe Abbey by Robert de Chetwolde. The title Lord of the Manor of Stratone is an old Norman title dating from 1086. This title of Lord of the Manor of Stretton continues to this day though this is feudal in reference as the area is a modern village. 
In the reign of Edward I the manor was sold by Thomas Garshale to Robert de Herig who soon afterwards sold it to Henry de Hastings for thirty silver marks and a pair of white gloves or 1d paid annually at Easter. It was afterwards held by the Bray family and through marriage to Henry Starkey who sold it to Lady Longvile. In 1620 it was purchased by Richard Taylor of Binley. The current title, recognized in Law under the Law of Property Act 1925 is held by Niel Morley; Lord Niel of Stretton. 
The parish church of All Saints formerly contained a chantry chapel founded by Thomas de Wolvardynton,Parson of Lobenham in Leicestershire. He 'bequeathed monies for two priests to sing Mass daily at the altar of St Thomas the Martyr for the good estates of himself and the Earl of Huntington'. Edward III granted to the founders of the chantry chapel 'four acres of meadow land, three acres of wood and 20 pounds rent per annum' In the reign of Richard II licence was granted to Robert de Stretton, then Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield, land and rents so that 'a priest sing Mass daily in the chapel for the good estate of the King and for the health of his soul when he should depart this life, and for the soul of the King's father and grandfather.' It is thought that the Bishop took his name from Stretton having first been a Canon of Lichfield and Chaplain to the Black Prince, Richard II's father.
Notable people.
Land drainage reformer Joseph Elkington was baptised at Stretton in 1740 and farmed nearby.
Further reading.
"Stretton on Dunsmore: The Making of a Warwickshire Village". (2000). Stretton Millennium History Group. ISBN 0-9537462-0-8. 167pp.
References.
See The National Archives - Stretton on Fosse, Warwickshire Folio: 244r Great Domesday Book. Copy held on the Public Record in the National Archives, Kew. Dated 1086AD

</doc>
<doc id="2921292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921292" title="Winold Reiss">
Winold Reiss

F. Winold Reiss (September 16, 1886 – August 23, 1953) was a German-born American artist and graphic designer. He was born in Karlsruhe, Germany, the second son of Fritz Reiss (1857–1914) who was a well-known landscape artist. Reiss was a portraitist and his philosophy was that an artist must travel to find the most interesting subjects.
Biography.
In his early years he traveled within Germany with his father who studied peasants of particular types that he wanted to draw or paint. This helped form many of Reiss' ideas about subject matter for portraiture.
Reiss immigrated to America in 1913 and was captivated by Native Americans. It was an interest and subject matter throughout his entire career. He was a success very early, lecturing before the Art Students League and even founding a publication, "Modern Art Collector". He made over 250 paintings of Native Americans, especially the Blackfeet.
Reiss returned once to Germany in 1921 but only as a visit; coming once again to New York City in 1922.
Reiss also illustrated Alain Locke's "The New Negro", an important book about African American culture.
His most outstanding commission was for the work performed on the Cincinnati Union Terminal (now known as the Cincinnati Museum Center) in 1933. He blended Art Deco with portraiture which captured the history of Cincinnati through its people. Fourteen murals from the passenger concourse were removed to the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport in 1973. The murals are now in danger of being destroyed as the concourses they are in are currently scheduled to be destroyed. 
Winold Reiss was a leader who devoted most of his life towards painting a much broader cross section of ethnic diversity in America, in a compassionate and objective manner, than any artist before him.
He died on August 29, 1953 in New York City. The Blackfeet spread his ashes along the eastern edge of Glacier National Park.
Architecture.
His interior designs were influenced by the Vienna Secession. The lightness of style, use of grids, and gilded and highly colored panels echo more the "Wiener Werkstätte" of Vienna than the "Jugendstil" of Munich. His design for the "Busy Lady Baking Company" on 3620 Broadway (at 149th Street), and one at 4230 Broadway in 1915 was very similar to the designs of Josef Hoffmann and the "Wiener Werkstätte". Viewing the development of Reiss's work through the various decades helps to establish the fact that the floral abstractions of the 1930s and the sparse geometry of the 1940s are coming directly from his early experience. His commissions were important ones and had an influence on American design and architecture.
Another of his noted interior designs was the Café Rumpelmayer in the Hotel St. Moritz in the 1930s.
Family.
His son, Winold Tjark Reiss (born in Germany on December 27, 1913–2001) studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and in Vienna, becoming an architect and working in the United States. He established the Reiss Partnership in 1996 to create a vehicle for fostering awareness of his father’s artistic legacy and to make it accessible to a broad public.

</doc>
<doc id="2921294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921294" title="Winnie Holzman">
Winnie Holzman

Winnie Holzman (born 1954; New York City) is an American dramatist, screenwriter and poet. She is known for having created the ABC television series "My So-Called Life", which earned her an Emmy Award nomination for writing in 1995, as well as her work writing for "thirtysomething" and "Once and Again". Holzman has garnered fame for her work on Broadway, most notably for writing the book for the smash stage musical "Wicked".
Early life.
Holzman was born in Manhattan but grew up in Roslyn Heights, New York on Long Island.
At 13, although a shy child, Holzman would take the train into the City to study acting in Greenwich Village at the Circle in the Square Theatre School. She really wanted to act and was reading plays obsessively. Holzman describes herself as being driven and single-minded.
She liked the Smothers Brothers a lot as a kid. Another passion was Mike Nichols & Elaine May albums and their work. Additionally, there was a famous commercial for Skippy Dog Food, with her future husband Dooley in a dog suit, that she remembered vividly.
Career.
Holzman graduated with a degree in English and a concentration in Creative Writing at Princeton University. She won many poetry awards, including the Academy of American Poets Prize.
Holzman graduated with a Masters in Musical Theatre Writing from New York University in 1984. Her teachers at NYU included Stephen Sondheim, Hal Prince, Arthur Laurents, Betty Comden, Adolph Green, and Leonard Bernstein.
Theater.
Holzman had been performing in sketch comedy for years, "determined to never make a dime," but it was a process where she was writing a lot, performing everything. So her college friend, the editor Mitchel Ivers, recommended the degree, telling her about the amazing teachers (Sondheim, Prince, Bernstein) who were going to teach there, and him having the insight it would be a great fit for her. With a full scholarship, Holzman got a Master's Degree in a brand new program: Musical Theater from New York University. She said it changed her destiny, made her into a writer. Arthur Laurents really mentored her, with that kind of intensity, thinks what you're doing has some sort of worth. "He really focused me, the way you would focus a lens. I remember he said to me. He looked at me and said, 'You're a writer.'" A magical moment that she says changed her at 26 or 27, a crucial moment when she was feeling lost, losing her place.
Her stage writing credits include "Serious Bizness" While at NYU she wrote the musical "Birds of Paradise" (with composer David Evans), which was produced off-Broadway in 1987 and directed by Laurents. It got scathing reviews.
Holzman made her Broadway debut in 2003 when she wrote the book for the Stephen Schwartz musical "Wicked", based on the by Gregory Maguire. She won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Book of a Musical and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical.
Television writing.
In 1988, Dooley got a job in Los Angeles on the TV series "Coming of Age" when their daughter was 2 years old. Holzman went, with her daughter in a stroller, to visit her brother, cinematographer Ernest Holzman on the set of "thirtysomething." Richard Kramer, a writer on the set, talked with her (his brother produced her comedy group in New York) and suggested she should write for the show. Ed Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz, who never do this, bought a spec script from Holzman, went on to become a staff writer on "thirtysomething in 1989." Holzman wrote 9 episodes during the last two seasons of the show.
Ed Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz went on to executive produce "My So-Called Life." Holzman went from a story editor, or executive story editor, to a creator and writer of the show. Zwick and Herskovitz suggested the show be about a teenage girl. Holzman said it would never have occurred to her to have that idea.
Holzman has collaborated on various short films with her daughter, Savannah. Holzman and her daughter penned a TV pilot based on the Sasha Paley novel "Huge", which ABC Family greenlit in January 2010 with a direct-to-series order. "Huge" premiered in late June 2010. The show team included Holzman, Dooley, her daughter, and her brother, who was the cinematographer.
The series was cancelled on October 4, 2010 due to low ratings compared with the network's other summer hits.
Acting.
Holzman has had a number of acting spots, primarily cameo roles on her own TV shows and a role as a therapist on "Curb Your Enthusiasm". She also had a small role in the film "Jerry Maguire". She wrote and performed several personal essays at the Un-Cabaret spoken word shows in Los Angeles and is featured on their CD "Play the Word (Vol. 1)".
Personal life.
Holzman has been married to character actor Paul Dooley, who she met at an improv acting class in New York, since November 18, 1984. A group of actors friends in the commercial world were creating a "Mary Hartman"-esque soap opera for about two years. Holzman and Dooley were part of the group and met there. Holzman played columnist Bianca Littlebaum, the only Jew in a small town in Ohio. Dooley was Edgar Buchanan Wilson, the not-richest man in town, named after 1940s actor Edgar Buchanan (Uncle Joe on "Petticoat Junction"). They were both living with other people at the time, but got to know each other slowly and worked it out.
On the 26 year age difference between her and Dooley, Holzman said it is something she doesn't talk about but it is interesting to her is how close they can be when they are so different (raised in different universes, generations, religion). "It's a big part of our lives but in a way it's meaningless."
They have a daughter named Savannah Dooley. They live in Toluca Lake in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2921301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921301" title="The Shepherdess">
The Shepherdess

The Shepherdess () is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau completed in 1889. The title is taken from the Southern French dialect. The painting depicts an idyllic, pastoral scene of a lone young woman in peasant attire posed for the artist, her arms balancing a stick across her shoulders, standing barefooted in the foreground. In the background are oxen grazing in the field. It is one of many paintings by Bouguereau depicting shepherdesses, including one of the same name created in 1881.
The subject is a model employed by Bouguereau for this and other paintings, including "The Bohemian".
It is currently in the permanent collection at the Philbrook Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="2921304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921304" title="Jitendra Redkar">
Jitendra Redkar

Jitendra Vinayak Redkar, born 17 August 1967 in Bombay, is an India-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicketkeeper. He made several List A cricket appearances as a batsman for Oman national cricket team in the 2005 ICC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2921306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921306" title="The Great Plan, Vol. II">
The Great Plan, Vol. II

The Great Plan, Volume II is Amanda Abizaid's first full-length album, released on September 28, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2921312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921312" title="Phalanx Covenant">
Phalanx Covenant

"The Phalanx Covenant" was a crossover storyline that ran through Marvel Comics' X-Men family of books in September and October 1994. One of its unique aspects was that the X-Men themselves only played a minor role in the story.
Plot.
The X-Men are attacked by the Phalanx, mutant-hating humans who have used the alien Warlock's techno-organic virus to turn into techno-organic beings themselves. With these powers, the Phalanx are able to change their shape and assimilate organic matter. As the Phalanx they are a hive mind, programmed to destroy all mutants.
The Phalanx Covenant was told in three separate storylines:
Publication.
"Generation Next"
"Life Signs"
"Final Sanction"
Collected editions.
The comics were collected into the "Origin of Generation X" trade paperback, published in 1996. A second printing was published on June 1, 2001 (ISBN 0-7851-0216-7).

</doc>
<doc id="2921313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921313" title="Interstate 635 (Kansas–Missouri)">
Interstate 635 (Kansas–Missouri)

Interstate 635 (abbreviated I-635) is a connector highway between Interstate 35 in Overland Park, Kansas and Interstate 29 in Kansas City, Missouri, approximately 12 miles (19.5 kilometers) long. It is mostly in the U.S. state of Kansas, servicing the city of Kansas City, Kansas, but extends into Kansas City, Missouri as well. The freeway's southern terminus is at a stack interchange with I-35. South of this, the mainline becomes an expressway carrying U.S. 69.
The freeway provides a route around downtown Kansas City by crossing through residential areas of Kansas City, Kansas and Riverside, Missouri. It also provides another direct route to Kansas City International Airport.
In both Kansas and Missouri, the road has signs identifying it as the Harry Darby Memorial Highway, named after a U.S. Senator from Kansas.
Route description.
Kansas.
Interstate 635 begins at I-35 in Johnson County, near Shawnee, Kansas. There is a Parclo Interchange with Merriam Drive almost immediately after its terminus. It then enters Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kansas. There is a diamond interchange with Shawnee Drive and a Parclo Interchange with Metropolitan Avenue upon entering the Argentine neighborhood. There is an interchange with K-32/Kansas Avenue and then crosses the Kansas River into central Kansas City, KS. Immediately after crossing the river, there is an interchange with I-70. There are several interchanges further north, including State Avenue, Parallel Parkway, and Leavenworth Road. The last public interchange before entering Missouri is K-5. A private maintenance facility crossing at grade exists between this exit and the Missouri River.
Missouri.
Like Interstate 435, I-635's mileposts do not reset after crossing into Missouri.
I-635 crosses the Missouri River from Kansas into Platte County and the city of Riverside, MO. There is an interchange with Horizons Parkway, then US-69. US-69 briefly runs concurrently with I-635 north before exiting at the interchange with MO-9. I-635 runs a few more miles north, then terminates at I-29/US-71.
History.
At one point during planning of Interstate 635, it was to be built into and through the Fairfax Area and cross the Fairfax Bridge and the Platte Purchase Bridge in Kansas City, KS. Instead, I-635 bypassed the Fairfax Area just to the north, into Riverside, MO. However, part of the originally proposed alignment was built as a spur going into Fairfax as K-5.
Projects to reconstruct the interchange with I-70 and the bridge over the Santa Fe Railyard in Argentine have been recently been completed. Maintenance work on the bridge over the Missouri River finished in September 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2921314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921314" title="KV13">
KV13

Tomb KV13, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was cut and decorated for the burial of the noble Bay of the Nineteenth Dynasty. An ostraca published in the French Egyptological journal BIFAO in 2000 records that Chancellor Bay was executed by pharaoh Siptah. Consequently, Bay was never buried in his tomb. Moreover, no funerary goods were found in the tomb belonging to Bay. It was later reused by Amenherkhepshef and Mentuherkhepsef of the Twentieth Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="2921316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921316" title="Graveney School">
Graveney School

Graveney School is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Furzedown area of Tooting, south west London, England. The school has a partially selective admissions policy. At the beginning of 2011 Graveney was assessed in an Ofsted inspection report as outstanding. The school became an academy on 1 August 2011.
History.
Whilst Graveney School can trace its origins back to a school founded in the late 1660s by Sir Walter St John, 3rd Baronet, in Battersea, the modern Graveney was established in 1986 as an amalgamation of Ensham School (for girls) and Furzedown Secondary School (mixed). Furzedown was itself formed in 1977 as an amalgamation of Battersea Grammar School (for boys) and Rosa Bassett School (for girls).
Created as a standard comprehensive school under the control of the local education authority (initially the ILEA, later Wandsworth), a significant change occurred in 1991 when Graveney became a grant-maintained school, giving far greater control to the school governors. Following the changes resulting from the School Standards and Framework Act 1998, which abolished grant-maintained status, the school preserved a degree of independence by electing to become a foundation school.
The school achieved Technology College status in 1995 and also moved to a partially selective admissions policy in September of that year. From the introduction of selection the school was permitted to choose up to 50% of pupils by ability, however this was reduced to 25% in 2000, increased to 30% in 2001 and reduced back to 25% in 2004, where it remains in 2008.
Years 7 to 11.
When students begin their life at Graveney in Year 7, they are placed into sets depending on their Year 6 SATs. Students can either be put into Extension (3 classes), Upper (3 classes), Middle (2 classes), or Support (1 class). 
Students are often moved across sets depending on their ability.
The workload is ever so slightly higher in Upper than in Middle. Students in the Support class receive personal mentoring by the school.
Years 7 to 9.
The Extension classes study two Modern Foreign Languages as opposed to a single language in the other sets for these 3 years.
Years 10 to 11.
At the end of Year 9, students pick their GCSE options. English Language and Literature, Maths, Science, PE, and a MFL are compulsory for the two years. 
Two additional subjects are usually chosen, with the option to do 'Twilight' Drama, Dance or Latin as an extra out of school GCSE.
With regards to Science, the majority of people do the Triple Science award - a GCSE for Biology, Chemistry and Physics, whereas some do the Double award. There are a number of students who instead do BTEC Science.
The results of the Year 9 exams determines what sets the students will be in.
The Sixth Form.
Graveney School also has a large sixth form college, offering a wide range of subjects to study at A-level. The sixth form is open for application to both internal students (students that studied at Graveney School), and external candidates (students that received their secondary education elsewhere).
The sixth form offers a range of subjects that were not available to take at GCSE level, such as Archaeology, Critical Thinking, Film Studies, Government & Politics, Law, Further Mathematics, Media Studies, Philosophy, Photography and Psychology. Students can also retake GCSEs, or follow Open University enrichment courses. The sixth form has minimum entry requirements of 5 A*-Cs at GCSE level for internal students, and 7 A*-Cs for external applicants. For a student to graduate from year 12 to year 13, they must have attained minimum grades of two Es at AS level.
Graveney sixth form does not have a uniform policy, however students must wear their ID card visibly at all times.
Site and buildings.
Graveney initially operated on both the former Furzedown and Ensham sites, however the Ensham building was soon closed and the school now occupies what was Furzedown Secondary School on either side of Welham Road in Tooting, south west London.
The part of the site on the southern side of Welham Road is the former Rosa Bassett School, the main building of which was opened in 1913. The larger area to the north of the road is the former Furzedown Training College (a teacher training college), which was opened in 1915. The buildings surround a tree-lined campus and include Furzedown House, a Grade II-listed Georgian house, built in 1794.
The other buildings include: Red House, College House, Lower School, Upper Science, Lower Science, Atkins Technology Centre, the Tech block, an independent study centre, a sports hall and a multigym.
Each building is dedicated to two or more subjects.
On the north side of Welham Road, there is also a recreation area which is owned by Wandsworth Council but is on the site of Graveney. The area consists of a small running track, an astro turf pitch, 2 tennis courts and a cricket area.
Headteachers and Principals.
John Phillips had been headmaster of both Battersea Grammar and Furzedown Secondary Schools prior to his appointment at Graveney.
Graveney now has a separate Principal and Headteacher (First Vice-Principal); the current headteacher is Keith Barbrook.
House system.
Graveney operates a system in years 7 to 9 whereby the students are divided into houses for inter-house competitions and other similar activities. The house names are linked to the three original schools that merged to form Graveney:
Year forms.
Years 7 to 11 consist of nine forms. The forms break down into: 3 extension band forms, 3 upper band forms, 2 middle band forms and 1 support form.

</doc>
<doc id="2921317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921317" title="British NVC community U6">
British NVC community U6

__NOTOC__
NVC community U6 ("Juncus squarrosus - Festuca ovina" grassland) is one of the calcifugous grassland communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is a comparatively localised community. There are four subcommunities.
Community composition.
The following constant species are found in this community:
One rare species is associated with the community, Greater Pawwort, "Barbilophozia lycopodioides".
Distribution.
This community is found locally in the uplands of Wales, northern England and Scotland.
Subcommunities.
There are four subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2921318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921318" title="Reggie McNeal">
Reggie McNeal

Reginald Parrish McNeal (born September 20, 1983 in Lufkin, Texas) is a former professional American football player. He played five seasons in the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Texas A&M University.
High school career.
Named East Texas Player of the Year as a senior at Lufkin High School, leading team to 15-1 record and Class 5A Division II state championship. Rushed for 159 yards and threw for 223 in state title game, and brought his team back from a 21-3 deficit despite injuring an ankle. Completed 134 of 307 passes for 2385 yards and 24 touchdowns for the season, while also rushing for 856 yards and 10 TDs. Also played defensive back in critical stages of games, once returning an INT for a TD to clinch a playoff victory, one of seven INTs as a senior. Also excelled in basketball, baseball, and track and field, earning all-district basketball honors as a junior. Was named the SuperPrep Offensive Player of the Year, and was the SuperPrep All-America #3 quarterback prospect in the country. He played in the 2002 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
College career.
2002 season.
Earned National Offensive Player of the Week honors after coming off the bench to throw an A&M freshman record 4 TDs and lead the Aggies to a 30-26 victory over then No. 1 Oklahoma at Kyle Field. This performance earned McNeal the starting job at quarterback the following week against the University of Missouri, but he sprained his ankle and missed most of the rest of that season. For the year, McNeal completed 24-of-45 passes (53.3 percent) for 456 yards and 6 touchdowns, while rushing for 137 yards on 37 attempts.
2003 season.
Became the Aggies' starting QB, starting in 11 games and playing in all 12. Completed 113-of-221 passes for 1,782 yards with 8 touchdown and 7 interceptions on the season. Connected on a career-best 91-yard touchdown pass to Jamaar Taylor, which ranked in a tie for the fourth-longest pass play in school history. Rushed for 370 net yards and 4 touchdowns on 127 attempts, with a long run of 33 yards. Passed for a career-best 259 yards on 11-of-18 passing against Kansas and totaled 330 yards (259 passing, 71 rushing). Threw a season-best 3 touchdown passes against Baylor.
2004 season.
In his 2004 season, McNeal passed for 2,791 yards and 14 touchdowns on 200-of-344 attempts. He passed for more than 200 yards in 10 games, including a career-best 298 against the University of Wyoming. He rushed for 718 yards (breaking Bucky Richardson's A&M QB record) and eight touchdowns on 151 rushes. Had two 100-yard rushing games, including a career-best 139 on 22 carries against the University of Colorado. He set a school record for greatest offensive yards of a season with his 3,509 yards on 495 plays (7.1 per play gain).
McNeal was named semifinalist for the Davey O'Brien Award and first-team All-Big 12 quarterback by the "Dallas Morning News". He was named National Offensive Player of the Week by the Walter Camp Foundation and Big 12 Offensive Player of the Week after accounting for four touchdowns and 386 yards of total offense against Oklahoma State. He was named the Chevrolet Offensive Player of the Game against Texas Tech by ABC-TV. He was also heralded as "the most complete dual-threat quarterback in the nation" by ESPN.
2005 season.
Before the 2005 season, McNeal graced the cover of Dave Campbell's Texas Football, a great honor within the state of Texas, alongside Vince Young of Texas. After his stellar junior campaign, Texas A&M entered the 2005 season with high hopes for both McNeal and the entire Aggie squad. Both failed to deliver, however, as A&M stumbled to a 5-6 record and did not qualify for a bowl game. McNeal played in 10 games, missing season finale against Texas because he was injured in the previous game against the University of Oklahoma. For the season, he logged a career-high 16 TD passes (9 INTs), completing 141-of-265 passes (53.2%) for 1963 yards. He led NCAA Division I QBs in rushing average at 6.9 yards (96-for-664), pacing the Aggies with four 100-yard rushing games. He passed for 349 yards and five TDs against SMU and also rushed six times for 100 yards, earning the Big 12 Offensive Player of the Week award, the Walter Camp Player of the Week award and Cingular All-America Player of the Week award.
McNeal returned to action in January 2006 for the postseason East-West Shrine Game in San Antonio, Texas, and led West team to 35-31 win with 9-of-11 passing for 211 yards and two TDs (no INTs). He also rushed four times for 32 yards.
Advocacy and criticism.
Fans who defended McNeal's career point to his record-breaking junior year in which he led Texas A&M to a Cotton Bowl Classic appearance. They also cite the difficult environment at Texas A&M, as McNeal played under two philosophically different head coaches, three offensive coordinators, and several different position coaches. It has been speculated that the quality of Texas A&M's recruiting saw a sharp decline in R. C. Slocum's last years, and that the talent surrounding McNeal was sparse and underdeveloped. In addition, it is generally conceded that the offensive schemes run by coach Dennis Franchione did not properly utilize McNeal's talent. Competition from Dustin Long, another record-breaking QB who was very popular with Aggie players and fans alike, may have slowed McNeal's development.
Critics of his record typically cite A&M team performance. During McNeal's four-year career at Texas A&M, the Aggies were 0-4 against rival Texas, 0-2 against Virginia Tech, 0-2 against Nebraska, 1-3 against Texas Tech, 1-3 against Oklahoma (including a 77-0 loss in 2003), lost to Baylor for the first time in 20 seasons, and were invited to only one post-season bowl game where they were on the wrong end of a 38-7 drubbing by the Tennessee Volunteers. McNeal was not considered a "vocal leader," and although he was voted by his teammates onto the Aggies Leadership Council as a senior, this came after two of his backups were voted onto the council in previous seasons, perhaps speaking to the players' perception of his leadership skills.
Professional career.
NFL draft.
McNeal's inconsistent play in 2005, questions about his durability and his lack of NFL-style quarterback skills put his chances of being selected in the 2006 NFL Draft in jeopardy. However, after impressive NFL combine results, where he ran a 4.35 40-yard dash, McNeal was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals as a wide receiver in the 6th round of the 2006 NFL Draft.
NFL.
McNeal played in all four of the Bengals' preseason games, and recorded 3 catches for 46 yards and 1 TD, plus 2 rushes for 13 yards. Was waived September 2 and signed to the practice squad September 6. He was signed to 53-player roster on September 19, and was placed on the inactive list for Games 3-9. Made his NFL debut on November 19 in Game 10 at New Orleans and also played November 26 at Cleveland. McNeal was in uniform as designated third QB on inactive list for Games 5-7, due to an appendectomy that sidelined QB Anthony Wright. McNeal recorded his first (and only) offensive stat in the NFL against the Indianapolis Colts on Monday Night Football, December 18, when he lined up at quarterback and scrambled for eight yards on third down, giving the Bengals the first down. The Bengals released McNeal on September 1, 2007.
CFL.
On October 2, 2007, McNeal signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League and was added to their practice roster. He was released by the team on October 16, 2007, only to re-sign with the Argonauts on March 20, 2008.
Though he was originally signed to be a backup quarterback, McNeal played in his very first CFL game on August 7, 2008 at Ivor Wynne Stadium as an emergency wide receiver due to the injuries suffered by the Argonauts' receiving corps. McNeal became the first quarterback to be started at receiver by the team since Danny Barrett back in the 1980s. In his debut, McNeal finished with a game-high of 101 receiving yards on 6 receptions in a 45-21 loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. McNeal would finish the 2008 season with 43 receptions for 606 yards and two touchdowns.
In 2009, McNeal finished the season with 24 receptions for 309 yards and three touchdowns. On June 8, 2010, McNeal re-signed with the Argonauts. He recorded 13 catches for 175 yards and no touchdowns during the 2010 season.
On May 19, 2011 McNeal was traded to the Calgary Stampeders, along with defensive lineman Adrian Davis, for wide receiver P.K. Sam and defensive lineman Miguel Robede.
On July 28, 2011, Reggie McNeal was released by the Calgary Stampeders and signed with the Edmonton Eskimos.
On August 12, 2011, Reggie McNeal was released by the Edmonton Eskimos. McNeal only appeared in one game for the club. He currently remains unsigned. McNeal retired from Pro Football in 2012 due to a serious back injury.
Criminal charges.
In the early morning of Sunday, December 3, 2006, McNeal was arrested and charged with resisting arrest at The Red Door, a nightclub in downtown Houston, Texas. McNeal allegedly pushed an off-duty Houston Police Department officer while trying to get into the club after it closed. Stemming from the same evening's events, McNeal also faced drug possession charges for having a cigarette which contained promethazine, a prescription antihistamine and also a popular street drug. 
In 2012, Reggie was found to be carrying marijuana in his car.

</doc>
<doc id="2921327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921327" title="Shrimp tie">
Shrimp tie

A (also known as an or a ) is a type of Kinbaku bondage. It originated over 300 years ago in Japan as a torture and interrogation technique. Due to the forced bent down position of the upper body this position sends a burning sensation through the body if the subject remains in it for a long time. 
Due to the knees which are widely spread the position resembles the legs of a crab or shrimp.
Variations.
All variations have the crossed position of the ankles in common.
External links.
Youtube video on how to tie a shrimp tie, retrieved on 15 April, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="2921328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921328" title="Mazhar Khan">
Mazhar Khan

Mazhar Saleem Khan, born 11 September 1964 in Rawalpindi, is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm offbreak bowler. He made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy and has also played List A cricket for the Oman national cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="2921332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921332" title="KV15">
KV15

Tomb KV15, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Seti II of the Nineteenth Dynasty. Today the sarcophagus is missing and an unknown mummy rests in the tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="2921341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921341" title="Interstate 635 (Texas)">
Interstate 635 (Texas)

Interstate 635 (I-635) is a partial loop around Dallas, Texas, in the United States between I-20 in Balch Springs and State Highway 121 (SH 121) at the north entrance of the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport in Grapevine. It intersects I-35E at exits 27B–C, but does not connect with I-35W. It is known locally as the Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway, or "LBJ", named after Lyndon B. Johnson, the former U.S. Senator from Texas, 37th Vice President, and the 36th President of the United States.
Because the portion of I-20 between US 67 to I-635 retains the name of Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway, together with the I-635 freeway, the two highways can be considered a partial (or 3/4) orbital road. Together with Spur 408, a portion of Texas State Highway Loop 12 (Walton Walker Freeway), and a portion of Interstate 35E, the Stemmons Freeway, 635 completes the orbital around Dallas.
Route description.
I-635 begins at an intersection with I-20 in southeast Dallas, and travels northward through Balch Springs into Mesquite, where it intersects U.S. Highway 80 (US 80) and I-30. The route then turns to the northwest, continuing near the border between Dallas and Garland. later is takes a general westward turn as it intersects US 75 at the High Five Interchange. The section from I-35E to US 75 (Central Expressway) is one of the busiest stretches of road in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, at virtually all hours of the day and night. The route continues west, intersecting the Dallas North Tollway and its original terminus, I-35E in Farmers Branch. The freeway then continues to the northwest, intersecting the President George Bush Turnpike in Irving before arriving at its final terminus at SH 121 at the north entrance to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
History.
I-635 was originally designated by the Texas Department of Transportation in 1959 as a loop around the eastern side of Dallas, connecting with I-35E to the northwest and southwest sides of the city.
In January 1969, the first section to open to motorists was a section from US 75 to Barnes Bridge in Mesquite. In February 1970, the highway from US 75 westward to I-35E northwest of Dallas opened to traffic. The I-635 designation was truncated in 1971 when I-20 was rerouted south of Dallas, taking over of I-635's former route.
The connecting section of I-20 from the west was not completed until 1978. Initially, the section between I-35E and US 80 in southeast Dallas was concurrent with I-20. When the outlet for I-20 from southeast of Dallas to Terrell was completed, the I-635 designation was removed from I-35E to its intersection with I-20.
An additional westward expansion (to the north entrance of DFW Airport) was designated in 1974 and opened in the 1980s.
Later changes.
The High Five construction project (so called because it is five levels and rises almost above the lowest level), a rebuild of the interchange of I-635 and US 75, was opened for traffic in February 2006. This interchange carries over 500,000 vehicles per day and was built as the largest interchange in the state of Texas to handle this vehicle load.
Future.
A $2.7 billion project was started on May 16, 2011, to widen I-635 and dig subsequent high-occupance toll (HOT) lane tunnels beneath the primary roadway from I-35E to the High Five Interchange, a length of . Construction time was estimated in 2011 at five years. The new freeway will have tolled express lanes, known as TEXpress lanes, in between the main lanes or underneath them. The cost to drive on them fluctuates based on the current flow of traffic at the time. The project is among several billion dollar plus projects in the planning phase in and around downtown Dallas (along with the rebuild of the I-35E & I-30 "Mixmaster" and the new Trinity Parkway).

</doc>
<doc id="2921344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921344" title="Sett (disambiguation)">
Sett (disambiguation)

A sett is the underground home or den of a family of badgers, usually consisting of a network of tunnels.
Sett or SETT may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921350" title="V-Strom">
V-Strom

V-Strom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921352" title="KV47">
KV47

Tomb KV47, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Siptah of the Nineteenth Dynasty, though Siptah's mummy was found in KV35. KV47 was discovered on December 18, 1905 by Edward R. Ayrton. Theodore M. Davis, Ayrton's sponsor, published an account of the site's discovery and excavation in 1908.
Ayrton stopped his excavation in 1907 due to safety fears, and Harry Burton returned in 1912 to dig further.
The cutting of Chamber J1 was halted after the workmen cut into Side Chamber Ja of the tomb of Tia'a, KV32.
The workmen were forced to abandon the chamber and create a second burial chamber, Chamber J2

</doc>
<doc id="2921355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921355" title="Born to Defence">
Born to Defence

Born to Defence () is a 1986 Hong Kong action film, which marked the directorial debut of Jet Li, who also stars in the film. The film features fight choreography by Tsui Siu-Ming. The film is set in China following the end of World War II and the liberation of China. It centers on Jet Li's character and his confrontations with navy sailors, who are portrayed as rapacious villains, from China's ally, the United States, primarily in the boxing ring as Li's character is an avid athlete.
Reception.
Box office.
The film grossed a disappointing HK $11,456,731 in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="2921367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921367" title="Jérémie Kisling">
Jérémie Kisling

Jérémie Kisling (born Jérémie Tschanz) is a singer songwriter born on February 27, 1976 in Lausanne, Switzerland. He explored several ways of expression until he decided to start singing. His songs describe a melancholic, fragile and impishly humorous universe. His deliberately old fashioned arrangements of vintage synths (Moog, Korg, Wurlitzer), insisting trumpets and light guitar tunes create genuinely enchanting harmonies.
His second album, 'Le Ours' peaked at 59 on the Swiss charts.His third album, 'Antimatière', debuted at 39 on the Swiss charts.[http://swisscharts.com/showitem.asp?key=110271&cat=a

</doc>
<doc id="2921369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921369" title="Theatre in Chicago">
Theatre in Chicago

Chicago theatre refers not only to theatre performed in Chicago, Illinois but also to the movement in that town that saw a number of small, meagerly funded companies grow to institutions of national and international significance. Chicago had long been a popular destination for tours sent out from New York managements, as well as an origins of many shows sent to appear worldwide.
History.
Hull House, the social settlement house of Chicago, had from the 1890s a theatre program under Laura Dainty Pelham which performed the Chicago premiers of numerous of the new plays of Galsworthy, Ibsen, and George Bernard Shaw. In 1912 Maurice Browne founded the Little Theater in Chicago, crediting Pelham's Hull House influence. This, along with the founding of the Toy Theatre in Boston the same year, is credited with starting the American Little Theatre Movement. The troupes that are commonly regarded as having started the postwar stage renaissance were The Second City, Steppenwolf Theatre Company and The Goodman Theatre.
The Second City, founded in 1959, by Paul Sills and Bernie Sahlins is the country's premiere improvisational theater, and its method of developing material has strongly influenced such playwrights as David Mamet (who was a dishwasher there), Jules Feiffer, Lanford Wilson, Jeffrey Sweet, James Sherman, David Auburn, Mark Hollmann, Greg Kotis and Alan Gross. In 1968 Paul Sills left Second City to open The Body Politic Theater where he creatred Story Theater. The Kingston Mines Theater, where the musical "Grease" premiered, began shortly afterwards, the two theaters across the street from each other on Lincoln Avenue. In 1970 Sills invited Stuart Gordon and his Organic Theater Company to move to Chicago and begin what he termed "a scene." The success of these three theaters inspired the creation of other small troupes that grew, notably the Steppenwolf Theatre and the Victory Gardens Theater, both of which, along with the Goodman Theatre, Chicago Shakespeare Theatre and Lookingglass Theatre Company, were honored with regional theater Tony Awards, the only city in the country to have five theaters so honored.
The Goodman Theatre had existed for a number of years with a reputation as a home for revivals, but the arrival of artistic director William Woodman and his assistant Gregory Mosher changed its profile. When Mosher took over as artistic director he enhanced the Goodman's reputation largely due to the work of David Mamet whose play "Sexual Perversity in Chicago" had been Mamet's first success at the Organic Theater Company in 1974. Mosher later produced and directed "American Buffalo" and "Glengarry Glen Ross" at the Goodman. The Goodman Theatre also was where "Hurlyburly" by David Rabe premiered under the direction of Chicago improvisational theater alum Mike Nichols.
After Mosher moved to New York, the artistic directorship went to Robert Falls, former director of the Wisdom Bridge Theatre. Falls is particularly known for his ongoing collaboration with actor Brian Dennehy, including productions of "Death of a Salesman" and "Long Day's Journey Into Night" that went to Broadway and won Tony Awards for both of them.
Briefly, The Goodman Theatre is known as the house of directors; Steppenwolf Theatre is known as the house of actors, Victory Gardens Theater as the house of writers; The Second City as the house of improvisation, and Organic Theater Company and later Lookingglass Theatre Company as the home of original image-based productions. Several leading directors associated with these troupes -- Dennis Zacek, Mary Zimmerman and Frank Galati—are alumni of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, just north of Chicago. In addition, writers such as Richard Christiansen of the Chicago Daily News and later the Chicago Tribune, Newcity's senior editor Nate Lee and Hedy Weiss of the Chicago Sun-Times helped encourage Chicagoans to come out and appreciate live theater.
Since 1990, Performink has been an industry newspaper for Chicago theater, including show openings and reviews, audition listings, and industry and union news for Chicago actors, directors, dancers, designers, and other theater professionals.
The Drury Lane Theatres were a group of six theaters in the Chicago suburbs founded by Tony DeSantis. He began producing plays in 1949 in a tent adjacent to his "Martinique Restaurant" to attract customers, then built his first theater in 1958.
Today.
Chicago is home to more than 200 small, critically acclaimed theatre companies such as Lifeline Theatre, Remy Bumppo Theatre Company, Redmoon Theater, Trap Door Theatre, and TUTA Theatre. Some have their own performance venues, while many perform in untraditional theatre spaces such as storefronts, public spaces like laundromats or bars, or any number of studio or black box theatres around Chicago.
Touring productions also visit the city regularly, mainly playing at the big theaters in the Chicago Theatre District in the Loop.
Following in the tradition of The Second City and Steppenwolf, many of these companies, including American Blues Theater, Stage Left Theatre, Organic Theater Company, and Lifeline Theatre, are ensemble-based. An ensemble-based company is formed of a group of artists (actors, directors, designers, playwrights, etc.) who work collaboratively to create each production.
Chicago theater has a long record of introducing new plays and playwrights. Many of the theaters in Chicago have new play workshop programs to cultivate work from current playwrights. Chicago Dramatists, which was begun by a group of ex-students of a playwriting workshop at Victory Gardens Theater, has an ongoing program of developing new writers, most notably Rebecca Gilman.
The Victory Gardens Theater plays host to a dozen resident playwrights and most of the productions there are premieres of their plays, a number of which have gone on to productions elsewhere. Some of these include James Sherman's "Beau Jest", Jeffrey Sweet's "The Action Against Sol Schumann", Kristine Thatcher's "Voice of Good Hope", Charles Smith's "Jelly Belly", Steve Carter's "Pecong", Claudia Allen's "Deed of Trust", and Douglas Post's "Earth and Sky".
Stage Left Theatre's Downstage Left program has cultivated nationally known playwrights Mia McCullough, David Rush, Margaret Lewis and David Alan Moore.
Theatre Building Chicago formerly had an ongoing program for the development of new musicals until being taken over by Stage 773 in 2010.
Chicago dell'Arte is local company currently creating and producing new works of Commedia dell'arte. The Company also sponsors and in-house troupe known as "Le Corone Rosse".
Polish language productions for Chicago's large Polish speaking population can be seen at the historic Gateway Theatre in Jefferson Park.
Oracle Theatre offers public access theater in Chicago sustained by the donations, where the seats are free and open to anyone.
Chicago is home to both non-union and union theater companies. Union shows adhere to strict contracts for all artists involved (e.g., performers, directors, musicians, playwrights, stage managers, et cetera). Artistic trade unions such as Actors' Equity, commonly known simply as "Equity," and the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society bargain for contracts guaranteeing minimum wages and other rights involved with the rehearsal and production process. Shows may run for a varying number of weeks, depending on ticket sales. Musicals tend to have longer runs than do stage plays. The majority of theaters in Chciago are located on the city's North Side and in the Loop.
Both Actor's Equity and non-Equity productions in the Chicago area receive honors from the Joseph Jefferson (or Jeff) Awards, awarded by a panel of volunteer judges.
Chicago area theater venues and organizations.
Inactive, historic theater companies and venues.
Companies
Venues

</doc>
<doc id="2921370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921370" title="Mohammad Aslam (Omani cricketer)">
Mohammad Aslam (Omani cricketer)

Mohammad Aslam (born August 28, 1975 in Karachi) is an Pakistan-born Omani cricketer [http://content.cricinfo.com/other/content/player/212170.html]. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler. He made several appearances as a batsman in the 2005 ICC Trophy.He is currently the coach of Al-Shaanzi Cricket Academy. He is also a member of the Raha Cricket Team in Oman Cricket League and is a well-known all-rounder. His highest score in the ICC Trophy was 58.

</doc>
<doc id="2921376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921376" title="Pankaj Udhas">
Pankaj Udhas

Pankaj Udhas is Gujarati singer , along with other his brothers Manhar Udhas and Nirmal Udhas , with bringing the Ghazal style to the realm of popular music. Udhas rose to fame for singing in the 1986 film "Naam", in which his song "Chitthi Aayee Hai" became an instant hit. Following that, he has also performed as a playback singer for numerous films. He has recorded many albums since then and tours the world as an accomplished ghazal singer. In 2006, Pankaj Udhas was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award.
Early life.
Pankaj Udhas was born in Gondal,_India in Gujarat in a Gujarati family and is the youngest of three brothers. He hails from Charakhdi, a small village near Rajkot in Gujarat. His parents are Keshubhai Udhas and Jituben Udhas. His eldest brother Manhar Udhas achieved some success as a Hindi playback singer in Bollywood films. His second elder brother Nirmal Udhas is also a well-known Ghazal Singer and was the first of the three brothers to start singing in the family. He had studied in Sir BPTI Bhavanagar. His family moved to Mumbai and Pankaj attended St. Xavier's College in Mumbai.
Career.
Pankaj Udhas' older brother, Manhar, was a stage performer and this aided Pankaj in his introduction to musical performance. His first stage performance was during the Sino-Indian War, when he sang "Aye Mere Watan Ke Logo" and was given Rs. 51 by an audience member as a reward.
Four years later, he joined the Sangeet Natya Academy in Rajkot and learned the nuances of playing the tabla. After that, he pursued a Bachelor of Science degree at Wilson College, and St Xavier's college Mumbai and started training in Indian classical vocal under the tutelage of Master Navrang. Udhas's first song was in film Kamna a solo song composed by Usha Khanna and written by Naqsh Lailpuri the film was a flop but his rendition was very much appreciated. Subsequently, Udhas developed an interest in ghazals and learned Urdu to try to pursue a career as a ghazal singer. He spent ten months in Canada and the US doing ghazal concerts and returned to India with renewed vigour and confidence. His first ghazal album, "Aahat", was released in 1980. From this, he began to have success and, as of 2011 he has released more than fifty albums and hundreds of compilation albums. In 1986, Udhas received another opportunity to perform in film, in the film "Naam", which brought him fame. In 1990, he sang the melodious duet "Mahiya Teri Kasam" with Lata Mangeshkar, for the movie "Ghayal". This song achieved immense popularity. In 1994, Udhas sang the notable song, "Na Kajre Ki Dhar", from the film "Mohra". He continued working as a playback singer, making some on-screen appearances in films such as "Saajan", "Yeh Dillagi", "Naam" and "Phir Teri Kahaani Yaad Aayee". His album "Shagufta" launched by Music India in December 1987 was the first to be released on compact disc in India. Later, Udhas started a talent hunt television program called "Aadab Aarz Hai" on Sony Entertainment Television.
Udhas will make his acting debut in a Marathi movie. The film is titled 'Thoda Tujha Thoda Majha' and was launched recently in Pune. Pankaj would be working with Anupam Kher, Varsha Usgaonkar and Ajinkya Deo in this Marathi movie.
Actor John Abraham calls Udhas his mentor
Personal life.
Pankaj Udhas is married to Farida. They have two daughters, Nayaab and Reva.
References.
Shabad-[http://www.last.fm/music/Vaibhav+Saxena/Shabad-Pankaj+Udhas]
The Hindu Interview [http://www.hindu.com/2001/10/18/stories/13180783.htm]
http://www.hindu.com/2001/10/18/stories/13180783.htm

</doc>
<doc id="2921378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921378" title="Unit 669">
Unit 669

669 (,"Yechidat Hilu'z Vehapinu'i Behethes 669"; English: Airborne Rescue And Evacuation Unit 669) is the Israel Defense Forces heliborne medevac extraction unit, subordinate to the Special Air Forces Command of the Israeli Air Force. It is considered one of the IDF's premier elite units.
History.
Unit 669 was founded in 1974, in the aftermath of the 1973 Yom Kippur War, when an ad hoc medevac unit made some 5000 extractions. Its initial mandate was to extract and provide initial medical treatment to downed (and possibly injured) pilots beyond enemy lines. However, in later years the unit also participated in extraction of soldiers of other arms of the Israeli Defense Forces, especially Sayeret (Special Forces) fighters in operations beyond enemy lines and seamen in distress.
Training.
Due to the possibility of having to fight their way to casualties beyond enemy lines, unit soldiers are highly trained in special forces tactics and become highly efficient ground soldiers in addition to their high level of paramedic training. Typically, their training and selection lasts 18 months. Courses that candidates must pass include:
Upon completion of their training, unit soldiers are expected to sign on for an extra 16 months of service following their three-year mandatory service.
Component.
The unit is composed of three flights: 
Symbol.
The Unit's logo is a winged, slinking, green-eyed, black cat. The Unit's warriors are subsequently sometimes referred to as "Cats" or "Flying Cats".

</doc>
<doc id="2921379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921379" title="Ava Barber">
Ava Barber

Ava Barber (born June 28, 1954) is an American country music singer and performer. She is best remembered for having performed on "The Lawrence Welk Show" throughout much of the 1970s and early 1980s.
She is also known as a recording artist, her best-known hit being the song, "Bucket to the South", which peaked at No. 13 on the Hot Country Songs list in 1978. She has done many reunion specials on PBS for "The Lawrence Welk Show" over the past number of years.
Early life and rise to fame.
Ava Barber was born and reared in Knoxville, Tennessee. She grew up singing in her oldest brother's rock & roll band. Barber soon began listening to country music from listening to her father turning on the radio to a country music station every morning. Soon, every Saturday night, Barber would got to the radio station's "WNOX" auditorium, where the music show was performed. When she was 10 years old, Barber began singing professionally. By the time she was 14 she joined a country music television show, located in Knoxville. She soon began performing around the Knoxville area, and even recorded records for some local labels. Her mother was an avid fan of the popular television show at the time, "The Lawrence Welk Show", and suggested that her daughter should write to him, because he always helped out young acts. Barber wrote to Welk in 1973, and he responded suggesting that if she ever was on the West Coast, she should perform on the show. About this same time, she married singer and musician Roger Sullivan. 
Soon her husband made the call to the Lawrence Welk offices. Welk was actually in the office that day and suggested that they should meet him at a golf tournament. They met on the golf course, and in a small tent off the golf course Barber auditioned for his show (singing "(I Never Promised You a) Rose Garden", a hit by another "Welk" show alum, Lynn Anderson), and she was soon on the show by February 1974.
"The Lawrence Welk Show" and success as a country singer.
Soon, Barber was hired as a regular on "The Lawrence Welk Show", and found herself performing on his television series on the West Coast. At the same time, Barber was trying to get her country music career off the ground. Chart success didn't come initially, but she released her first charting single in 1977 with the song, "Waitin' At the End of Your Run", a truck-driving song. The song was only moderately successful, though, reaching only No. 70 on the country singles charts that year. Barber's 1978 release, "Bucket to the South", turned into a big country hit, peaking at No. 13 on the Hot Country Songs list in 1978, and reached No. 12 in Canada. Being a country singer brought her instant fame, and she soon appeared on many of its television shows, like "Nashville Now", "Crook & Chase", and made two appearances on the Grand Ole Opry as well. 
Barber's success on the country charts lingered off after the success of "Bucket to the South". She never even had another Top 40 country hit. One song did come close though called "You're Gonna Love Love", which missed the Top 40, peaking at No. 44. She was soon off the country charts, until 1981, when she made a comeback with the single "I Think I Could Love You Better Than She Did". When "The Lawrence Welk Show" ended in 1982, Barber and her husband Roger returned to Knoxville, where they purchased their own bus and formed their own band, Sweet Apple. They toured the United States and Canada singing and performing.
Career in the 1990s and life today.
In 1990, Barber and Sullivan went into business with Dick Dale and leased a theater located in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, which they operated until 1996. From 1997-2000, Barber worked at the Welk Theatre in Branson, Missouri. Since 2000, she has toured with members of "The Lawrence Welk Show" and performed on her own. She does reunion specials with previous members of the show on PBS. She is working on a new show in Branson called "The Grand Ladies of Country Music." Her husband acts as her agent.

</doc>
<doc id="2921382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921382" title="The Great Plan, Vol. I">
The Great Plan, Vol. I

The Great Plan, Vol. I is an EP by Amanda Abizaid, and her first release.

</doc>
<doc id="2921386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921386" title="John E. Sarno">
John E. Sarno

John E. Sarno (born 1923) is Professor of Rehabilitation Medicine, New York University School of Medicine, and attending physician at the Howard A. Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, New York University Medical Center. He graduated from The Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1950. In 1965 he became the Director of the Outpatient Department at the Rusk Institute. He is also the originator of the diagnosis of the controversial psychosomatic condition tension myositis syndrome (TMS), which is also called tension myoneural syndrome.
Tension myositis syndrome.
Sarno's most notable achievement is the development, diagnosis, and treatment of TMS, which is not accepted by mainstream medicine. According to Sarno, TMS is a psychosomatic illness causing chronic back, neck, and limb pain which is not relieved by standard medical treatments. He includes other ailments, such as gastrointestinal problems, dermatological disorders and repetitive-strain injuries as TMS related. Sarno states that he has successfully treated over ten thousand patients at the Rusk Institute by educating them on his beliefs of a psychological and emotional basis to their pain and symptoms. Sarno's theory is, in part, that the pain or GI symptoms are an unconscious "distraction" to aid in the repression of deep unconscious emotional issues. Sarno believes that when patients think about what may be upsetting them in their unconscious, they can defeat their minds' strategy to repress these powerful emotions; when the symptoms are seen for what they are, the symptoms then serve no purpose, and they go away. Supporters of Sarno's work hypothesize an inherent difficulty in performing the clinical trials needed to prove or disprove the diagnosis, since it is difficult to use clinical trials with psychosomatic illnesses.
Sarno wrote about his experience in this area in his first book on TMS, "Mind Over Back Pain". His second book, "Healing Back Pain: The Mind-Body Connection", has sold over 150,000 copies. Sarno's most recent book, "The Divided Mind: The Epidemic of Mindbody Disorders", featured chapters by six other doctors and addressing the entire spectrum of psychosomatic disorders and the history of psychosomatic medicine.
Statistical studies of TMS treatment.
Sarno's books describe two follow-up surveys of his TMS patients. The first in 1982 interviewed 177 patients selected randomly from those Sarno treated in the preceding three years. 76% stated that they were leading normal and effectively pain-free lives. A second follow-up study in 1987 restricted the population surveyed to those with herniated discs identified on CT-scans, and 88% of the 109 randomly selected patients stated that they were free of pain one to three years after TMS treatment.
In 2007, David Schechter (a medical doctor and former student and research assistant of Sarno) published a peer-reviewed study of TMS treatment showing a 54% reduction in the average pain intensity scores for a cohort of 51 "chronic" back pain patients, whose average pain duration before the study was 9 years. In terms of statistical significance and success rate, the study outperformed similar studies of other psychological interventions for chronic back pain.
Notable patients.
Notable patients of Sarno include radio personality Howard Stern, actress Anne Bancroft, "20/20" co-anchor John Stossel and television writer Janette Barber. All four have praised Sarno and his work highly. Stern dedicated his first book in part to Sarno.
Senate Hearing before the Committee on Health, Education, and Pensions.
On February 14, 2012, John Sarno, MD appeared before the Senate Committee on Health, Education, and Pensions to address 'Pain in America: Exploring Challenges to Relief'. The committee was chaired by Senator Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) who was very supportive of the mind-body connection espoused by Dr. Sarno's treatment approach to pain. In fact Senator Harkin describes his own successful experience with pain relief from reading Dr. Sarno's books. Senator Harkin relates how his niece's chronic pain symptomatology from fibromyalgia resolved after reading Dr. Sarno's books as well.
A recording of the hearing, with Senator Harkin's account of his own experience (beginning 101 mins. 15 secs. into the video) can be viewed here:

</doc>
<doc id="2921387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921387" title="Chicago Theatre">
Chicago Theatre

The Chicago Theatre, originally known as the Balaban and Katz Chicago Theatre, is a landmark theater located on North State Street in the Loop area of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. Built in 1921, the Chicago Theatre was the flagship for the Balaban and Katz (B&K) group of theaters run by A. J. Balaban, his brother Barney Balaban and partner Sam Katz. Along with the other B&K theaters, from 1925 to 1945 the Chicago Theatre was a dominant movie theater enterprise. Currently, Madison Square Garden, Inc. owns and operates the Chicago Theatre as a performing arts venue for stage plays, magic shows, comedy, speeches, and popular music concerts. 
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places June 6, 1979, and was listed as a Chicago Landmark January 28, 1983. The distinctive Chicago Theatre marquee, "an unofficial emblem of the city", appears frequently in film, television, artwork, and photography.
History.
Grand opening, growth, and decline.
Abe and Barney Balaban, together with Sam and Morris Katz — founders of the Balaban and Katz theater chain, built the Chicago Theatre in 1921 as one of a large chain of opulent motion picture houses. The theater would become the flagship for 28 theaters in the city and over 100 others in the Midwestern United States that B&K operated in conjunction with the Paramount Publix chain. Cornelius W. Rapp and George L. Rapp were primary architects and the final construction cost was $4 million ($ million in dollars). The Rapp brothers also designed many other B&K properties in Chicago, including the Oriental and Uptown Theatres. Preceded by the now-demolished Tivoli Theatre of Chicago and Capitol Theatre of New York City, the Chicago Theatre was the "...largest, most costly and grandest of the super deluxe movie palaces" built up to that date and thus now the oldest surviving grand movie palace. The Chicago Theatre was among the earliest theaters in the nation to be built in Rapp and Rapp's signature Neo-Baroque French-revival style. It is the oldest surviving example of this style in Chicago.
The original 1921 interior decoration of the auditorium included fourteen large romantic French-themed murals surrounding the proscenium by Chicago artist Louis Grell (1887-1960), a common feature that Rapp and Rapp architects included in their movie palace designs.
When it opened October 26, 1921, the 3,880 seat theater was promoted as the "Wonder Theatre of the World". Capacity crowds packed the theater during its opening week for the First National Pictures feature "The Sign on the Door" starring Norma Talmadge. Other attractions included a 50-piece orchestra, famed organist Jesse Crawford at the 26-rank Wurlitzer organ, and a live stage show. Poet Carl Sandburg, reporting for the "Chicago Tribune", wrote that mounted police were required for crowd control. The theater's strategy of enticing movie patrons with a plush environment and top notch service (including the pioneering use of air conditioning) was emulated nationwide.
During its first 40 years of operation, the Chicago Theatre presented premiere films and live entertainment. Throughout its existence, many of the top performers and stars of their day made live appearances at the theater. One of its biggest draws was live jazz, which Balaban and Katz promoted as early as September 1922 in a special event they called "Syncopation Week". This proved so successful that jazz bands became a mainstay of the Chicago Theatre's programming through the 1920s and into the 1930s. In preparation for the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago, the Chicago Theatre was redecorated. Part of the World's Fair renovation included another commission by Balaban & Katz for Grell to repaint the architecturally enclosed fourteen murals. This time Grell chose Greek/Roman deities as the theme for the large oil on canvas murals which are on public exhibit today in the theatre auditorium. The building has been associated with popular culture occasions. For example, Ronald Reagan announced his engagement to Jane Wyman at the theater. Another modernization occurred in the 1950s when management discontinued stage shows.
During the economic and social changes of the 1970s, business at the theatre slowed for owner Plitt Theatres, affecting ongoing viability. In 1984, the Chicago Theatre Preservation Group purchased the theater and adjoining Page Brothers Building for $11.5 million ($ million today). The group attempted to maintain the venue as a picture theater but was unable to remain viabile and the facility closed September 19, 1985.
Restoration.
The Chicago Theatre Preservation Group commenced renovation of the buildings which were completed in 1986 at a cost of $9 million ($ million), with $4.3 million ($ million) spent on the Theatre. The renovation by architects Daniel P. Coffey & Associates, Ltd. and interior design consultants A.T. Heinsbergen & Co. restored the Chicago Theatre to a 1930s appearance and a seating capacity of 3,600. The theatre reopened September 10, 1986, with a performance by Frank Sinatra marking the culmination of a four-year historic preservation effort championed by the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois, The gala reopening was also symbolic because Sinatra had performed at the theater in the 1950s. The restoration of the adjoining Page Building, itself a Chicago and National Register lanmark, provided office space to support the theatre. The theater, like its neighbor the Joffrey Tower, is an important component of the North Loop/Theatre District revitalization plan. Theatre district revitalization plans go back as far as Mayor Jane Byrne's 1981 plan.
Revitalized.
On April 1, 2004, TheatreDreams Chicago, LLC purchased the building for $3 million. The Balaban and Katz trademark is now the property of the Balaban and Katz Historical Foundation. New York's Madison Square Garden Entertainment, subsidiary of Cablevision, announced October 11, 2007, that it would buy the theater.
Prior to 2008, the theater hosted the annual opening film of the Chicago International Film Festival until the festivities moved to the nearby Harris Theater. Mayor Richard M. Daley declared July 12, 2005 "Roger Ebert Day in Chicago" and dedicated a plaque under the marquee in his honor. The theater is featured in a new book, "The Chicago Movie Palaces of Balaban and Katz", by David Balaban, grandson of the original owner.
Architecture.
The structure is seven stories tall and fills nearly one half of a city block. The wide by six-story tall triumphal arch motif of the State Street façade has been journalistically compared to the l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The central arch-headed window adapts the familiar motif of Borromini's false-perspective window reveals of the top floor of Palazzo Barberini, Rome. The coat of arms of the Balaban and Katz chain—two horses holding ribbons of 35 mm film in their mouths outlined by a border of film reels—is set inside a circular Tiffany stained glass window inside the arch. The exterior of the building is covered in off-white architectural terracotta supplied by the Northwestern Terra Cotta Company with Neo-Baroque stucco designs by the McNulty Brothers.
The interior shows French Baroque influence from the Second French Empire. The grand lobby, five stories high and surrounded by gallery promenades at the mezzanine and balcony levels, is influence by the Royal Chapel at Versailles. The grand staircase is patterned from the grand stair of the Paris Opera House and ascends to the various balcony levels. Marshall Field and Company supplied interior decorations including drapes and furniture. The crystal chandeliers and bronze light fixtures fitted with Steuben glass shades were designed and built by Victor Pearlman and Co.
The stage dimensions exceed in width and in depth. The orchestra pit is approximately below stage level, wide at the stage lip, with a depth of at center. An adjustable pit filler can be used for performances requiring other levels.
At the time of the building's 1978 application for the National Register of Historic Places designation, the venue's marquee had been replaced twice. The original marquee was basic and facilitated two lines of text for announcements. The 1922–23 marquee had ornate "flashing pinwheels, swirls and garlands of colored lights". It also included "milk glass letter attraction boards, and CHICAGO in large letters on three sides". The 1949 replacement was similar to the second marquee, but its attraction boards were larger and the oversized CHICAGO lettering only appeared on the front. Until Balaban and Katz' 1969 sale to the American Broadcasting Company, their name was on the marqee. The entire marquee was replaced in 1994, but retains the look of its predecessor. In 2004, the original marquee was donated to the Smithsonian Institution. The marquee is featured in numerous movies and TV shows set in Chicago, and its neon font was used in the title of the 2002 film "Chicago".
The theatre is also known for its grand Wurlitzer pipe organ. Jesse Crawford is attributed as the person who "was responsible for the design and choice of sounds". The organ came from Wurlitzer's North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory in July 1921 with "four manuals and 26 ranks of pipes-Opus 434". The American Theatre Organ Society restored the organ in 1970, which had expanded the organ from 26 to 29 ranks by that time.

</doc>
<doc id="2921391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921391" title="Intercompany crossover">
Intercompany crossover

In comic books, an intercompany crossover (also called cross-company or company crossover) is a comic or series of comics where characters that are the property of one company meet those owned by another (for example, DC Comics' Superman meeting Marvel's Spider-Man, DC's Batman meeting Marvel's Wolverine. These usually occur in special "one-shot" issues or a miniseries.
Some crossovers are part of canon—for example, "JLA/Avengers", which has been made canon in the DC Universe — but most are outside of the continuity of a character's regular title or series of stories. They can be a joke or gag, a dream sequence, or even a "what if" scenario (such as DC's Elseworlds).
Marvel/DC crossovers (which are mostly non-canon) include those where the characters live in alternate universes, as well as those where they share the "same" version of Earth. (Indeed, some fans have posited a separate "Crossover Earth" for these adventures.) In the earliest licensed crossovers, the companies seemed to prefer shared world adventures. They took this approach to the first intercompany superhero crossover, 1976's "Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man", and followed the same format in 1981 with "Superman and Spider-Man". 
Besides the two Superman/Spider-Man crossovers, a number of other DC/Marvel adventures took place on a "Crossover Earth", but later intercompany crossovers tended to present the DC and Marvel Universes as alternate realities, bridged when common foes made this desirable. (The interest in overall continuity has become a major part of even crossover comic books.)
Characters are often licensed or sold from one company to another, as with DC acquiring such characters of Fawcett Comics, Quality Comics, and Charlton Comics as the original Captain Marvel, Plastic Man and Captain Atom. In this way, heroes originally published by different companies can become part of the same fictional universe, and interactions between such characters are no longer considered intercompany crossovers.
Although a meeting between a licensed character and a wholly owned character (e.g., between Red Sonja and Spider-Man, or Ash Williams and the Marvel Zombies) is technically an intercompany crossover, comics companies rarely bill them as such. Likewise is the case when some characters in an on-going series are owned or to some extent controlled by their creators, as with "Doctor Who" antagonists the Daleks, which are not owned by the UK television network the BBC although the character of The Doctor is.
In video games.
The concept of intercompany crossovers has also been explored in video games, usually in the form of having one video game company licensed out its characters to another (or vice versa). 
Earlier intercompany crossovers in games occurred by taking advantage of licensing for publishing rights. GORF in 1981, produced by Midway, has the missions Astro Battles and Galaxians, which make use of characters and names from Space Invaders (Taito Corporation) and Galaxian (Namco) which at the time of the development of GORF were licenced to Midway Mfg. In 1992, Tradewest released "Battletoads & Double Dragon", at that time, Tradewest owned the rights for publishing of "Double Dragon" by "Technos Japan" and "Battletoads" by "Rare Ltd.". Rare Ltd. developed the game while Technos Japan was barely involved in the production of the game.
In 1989, "DIC Entertainment" produced "", a cartoon show that featured characters and settings from Nintendo franchises and others appearing on Nintendo video game systems, possibly, taking advantage of Nintendo's licensing system to publish games. Characters such as Simon Belmont, Dracula and Alucard from Konami, Mega Man, Dr. Wily and Dr. Light from Capcom, Malkil of Wizards and Warriors from Rare and settings from Dragon Warrior/Dragon Quest, Final Fantasy (by Square Enix, independent from each other at that time), Burger Time (Data East) and Faxanadu (Hudson Soft/Falcom) appeared in the series.
The 1990 animated series, "The Power Team" (part of the "Video Power" TV show) had characters from arcade games ported by Acclaim to the NES as well as games which Acclaim had publishing rights. These games were NARC, Arch Rivals (Midway), Kwirk (Atlus), Wizards & Warriors (RARE) and BigFoot (based on the famous monster truck from the game by Beam Software).
The first major intercomany crossover properly licenced is the "Marvel vs. Capcom" series, which originally began in 1994 with "". Capcom followed this act by teaming up with rival fighting game developer SNK in 1999.
After the successful Capcom/SNK crossovers, many others have appeared since then.
Midway Games' "Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe" pitted characters from Midway's "Mortal Kombat" video game franchise against DC Comics characters Superman, Batman, The Joker, and others. This game was produced prior to the acquisition of Midway by Warner Bros., since then, Freddy from A Nightmare on Elm Street (a WB movie) appeared in Mortal Kombat (2011) and Scorpion appeared in Injustice: God Among Us (2013). However, these can't be considered intercompany crossovers. Kratos, from Sony's God of War franchise, appeared as an exclusive in the Playstation 3 version of Mortal Kombat (2011).
The games "Super Smash Bros." and "PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale" were made possible by the "second party" model, in which independent developers work closely with the console maker to ensure exclusivity and quality. In both games, other third parties also appear as guest characters.

</doc>
<doc id="2921394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921394" title="KV57">
KV57

Tomb KV57, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Horemheb, the last Pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty.
The tomb was located by Edward Ayrton in February 1908, who was working for Theodore Davis. Due to its location in the valley floor, the tomb was filled with debris that had been washed down in the occasional flash-flooding. 
The tomb is markedly different from the other major Eighteenth dynasty royal tombs. It does away with the dog-legged construction, and has painted bas-reliefs, rather than simple painted walls. Passages from the "Book of Gates" appear for the first time. The decoration was not completed, even though the king ruled for twenty-eight years.
The sarcophagus of the king was constructed from carved, red quartzite, and was found with its lid broken. In it were contained bones and remains from several burials, none of them conclusively from Horemheb.

</doc>
<doc id="2921396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921396" title="Cabri Geometry">
Cabri Geometry

Cabri Geometry is a commercial interactive geometry software produced by the French company Cabrilog for teaching and learning geometry and trigonometry. It was designed with ease-of-use in mind. The program allows the user to animate geometric figures, proving a significant advantage over those drawn on a blackboard. Relationships between points on a geometric object may easily be demonstrated, which can be useful in the learning process. There are also graphing and display functions which allow exploration of the connections between geometry and algebra. The program can be run under Windows or the Mac OS.

</doc>
<doc id="2921397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921397" title="Grus (genus)">
Grus (genus)

Grus is a genus of large birds in the crane family.
Species.
The Cuban Flightless Crane, "Grus cubensis", became extinct in the Quaternary, but probably before human settlement of Cuba.
Fossil record.
The fossil record of the genus stretches back some 12 million years or so. A considerable number of prehistoric species are known, with the oldest, "Grus miocaenicus" (Middle Miocene of Credinţa, Romania) perhaps not a crane but a junior synonym of the swimming-flamingo "Palaelodus ambiguus"; (""Grus" problematica" certainly is). The Late Pleistocene Mediterranean "Grus primigenia" was hunted by stone age humans.
Several other fossil gruiforms are now considered not to belong here. ""Grus" prentici" is now in "Paragrus", ""Grus" princeps", ""Grus" excelsa" and ""Grus" hordwellianus" are placed in "Palaeogrus", and ""Grus" excelsa" in "Balearica". ""Grus" marshi" belongs into "Aletornis"
More uncertain is the position of "Probalearica" (variously considered Late Oligocene to Middle Pliocene but probably Late Miocene) from Golboçica (Moldavia) and maybe elsewhere. It is usually regarded a "nomen dubium" but might belong into "Grus". ""Grus" conferta" (Late Miocene/Early Pliocene of Contra Costa County, USA) is apparently too different from the modern genus to be placed herein, but its affiliations are not well resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="2921401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921401" title="Robert Brough">
Robert Brough

Robert Brough (1872 – 21 January 1905) was a Scottish painter born in Invergordon, Ross and Cromarty.
He was educated in Aberdeen, and, whilst apprenticed for over six years as lithographer to Messrs Gibb & Co., attended the night classes at Gray's School of Art. He then entered the Royal Scottish Academy, and in the first year took the Stuart prize for figure painting, the Chalmers painting bursary, and the Maclame-Walters medal for composition.
After two years in Paris under J. P. Laurens and Benjamin-Constant at Julian's atelier, he settled in Aberdeen in 1894 as a portrait painter and political cartoonist. A portrait of Mr. W. D. Ross first drew attention to his talent in 1896, and in the following year he scored a marked success at the Royal Academy with his "Fantaisie en Folie", which he bequeathed to the National Gallery of British Art (now the Tate gallery). Two of his paintings, "Twixt Sun and Moon" and "Childhood of St. Anne of Brittany", were at the Venice municipal gallery. Brough's art was influenced by Henry Raeburn and by modern French training, but it strikes a very personal note.
Brough died from injuries received in a railway disaster in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="2921407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921407" title="Battle of Dogger Bank (1781)">
Battle of Dogger Bank (1781)

The Battle of the Dogger Bank took place on 5 August 1781 during the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War, part of the American War of Independence, in the North Sea. It was a bloody encounter between a British squadron under Vice Admiral Sir Hyde Parker, 5th Baronet and a Dutch squadron under Vice Admiral Johan Zoutman, both of which were escorting convoys.
Background.
In December 1780, Great Britain declared war on the Dutch Republic, drawing it militarily into the American War of Independence. The Dutch had for many years been supplying the Americans, and shipping French supplies to the Americans, in support of the American war effort. The opening of hostilities with the Dutch meant that Britain's trade with countries on the Baltic Sea (where key supplies of lumber for naval construction were purchased) was potentially at risk, and that the British had to increase protection of their shipping in the North Sea. In order to accomplish this, the British began blockading the Dutch coast to monitor and intercept any significant attempts to send shipping into or out of Dutch ports, and began to protect merchant shipping convoys with armed vessels.
The Dutch were politically in turmoil, and were consequently unable to mount any sort of effective actions against the British. The result of this inaction was the collapse of their economically important trade. It was finally decided that a merchant fleet had to be launched. On 1 August 1781, Admiral Johan Zoutman led a fleet of some 70 merchantmen from the Texel, protected by seven ships of the line as well as a number of frigates and smaller armed vessels.
Admiral Hyde Parker was accompanying a convoy of ships from the Baltic when he spotted the sails of the Dutch fleet on the morning of 5 August. He immediately despatched his convoy toward the English coast, and ordered his line to give chase. Zoutman, whose ships had been interspersed with the merchantmen, signalled his line to form in between Parker and the convoy.
The ships of Parker's fleet were not in the best of condition, since great demands were placed on the Royal Navy by the demands of the war, and all manner of ships were pressed into service, or did not receive necessary maintenance. Some ships were in such poor condition that the number of guns available to fire was reduced from its normal complement. In spite of this, "Berwick" and Parker's flagship "Fortitude", both 74 guns, were both relatively new and in good shape. The Dutch fleet had not seen any significant action due to the British blockade.
Battle.
With a calm sea and a breeze from the northeast, Zoutman maneuvered his line onto a port tack, heading east-southeast, and awaited Parker, who held the weather gage. The British fleet closed, raggedly at first due to the poor condition of some of the ships. When Parker raised the battle flag shortly before 8 am, the two fleets were about half a musket shot apart. Zoutman then also raised his flag, and opened fire, raking the "Fortitude" with a broadside. Close action ensued, lasting for more than three hours. Around mid-morning the Dutch merchantmen moved away from the action and headed back to the Texel. Around 11 am Parker gave the signal to reform his line, which reformed and limped away from the Dutch.
Casualties on both sides were high, considering the number of ships involved. (Fewer casualties were suffered, for example, in the Battle of the Chesapeake, fought a month later between fleets more than twice as large.) The British claimed 104 killed and 339 wounded, while the Dutch claimed 142 killed and 403 wounded. There were private reports made that the Dutch casualties were actually much higher, possibly reaching 1,100. The "Holland" sank the same night. Her flag, which was kept flying, was taken away by the "Belle Poule", and carried to Admiral Parker.
Aftermath.
Although the Dutch celebrated the battle as victory, their fleet did not leave harbour again during the war and their merchant trade remained crippled. At least one convoy did make it to the Baltic, but it flew under Swedish flags and was accompanied by a Swedish frigate.
Parker considered that he had not been properly equipped for his task, and insisted on resigning his command. The battle had no real impact on the general course of the war.
Order of battle.
The order of battle is provided by Clowes, p. 505.
British (Hyde Parker).
Ships of the line:
Dutch (Zoutman).
Ships of the line:<br>
"Erfprins" 54 (Braak)<br>
"Admiraal Generaal" 74 (van Kinsbergen) <br>
"Argo" 40 (Staring)<br>
"Batavier" 54 (Bentinck)<br>
"Admiraal de Ruijter" 68 (Staringh., Zoutman's flag)<br>
"Admiraal Piet Hein" 54 (van Braam)<br>
"Holland" 68 (Dedel) (later sunk)<br>
Smaller vessels:<br>
"Bellona" (frigate 36, Docker)<br>
"Dolphijn" (frigate 24, Mulder)<br>
"Ajax" (cutter 20, van Welderen)<br>
"Eensgezindheit" (frigate 36, Boritius)<br>
"Zephijr" (frigate 36, Wiertz)<br>
"Amphitrite" (frigate 36, von Woensel)

</doc>
<doc id="2921408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921408" title="Kurt Ralske">
Kurt Ralske

Kurt Ralske is an American visual artist and musician. He is the former singer and guitarist in alternative rock band Ultra Vivid Scene.
Biography.
During the mid-eighties, Ralske was a guitarist in the bands Nothing But Happiness and Crash.
In the late eighties and early-nineties he released three albums as Ultra Vivid Scene. After his last album under the Ultra Vivid Scene moniker, he produced, engineered, and performed on numerous albums for a variety of artists, including Ivy, Rasputina, Charles Douglas and Los Planetas.
In 1999 he self-released two albums on his "miau-miau" label, one under his own name "Kyrie Eleison" and the other "Â«amorpheusÂ»" as "Cathars". In 2001 he released another two albums, Kurt Ralske "Amor. 0 + 01", and as Cathars "Early Bells and Voices". The "Amor. 0 + 01" album featured several digital video clips.
Since then he has focused on digital video. His video installations and performances are created exclusively with his own custom software and his work has been exhibited internationally, including at the Guggenheim Bilbao, Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, and the Montreal Museum of Contemporary Art. 
Ralske programmed and co-designed a 9-channel video installation that is permanently in the lobby of the MoMA in NYC. In 2007, he received a Rockefeller Foundation Media Arts Fellowship grant. In 2003, his work received First Prize at the Transmediale International Media Art Festival in Berlin, as a member of the video ensemble 242.pilots. He is also the author/programmer of Auvi, a popular video software environment in use by artists in 22 countries.
In 2007, Ralske completed the interactive video accompaniment for Mathew Rosenblum's RedDust Opera.
Ralske is currently a Visiting Professor and Resident Artist at the Digital + Media Graduate Program of the Rhode Island School of Design, and is also on the faculty of the School of Visual Arts, in New York City, in the graduate program in Computer Art.

</doc>
<doc id="2921412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921412" title="Tatsumi Fujinami">
Tatsumi Fujinami

Career.
Japanese Wrestling Association (1971-1972).
Fujinami started in the old Japanese Wrestling Association under Antonio Inoki's wing at the age of 17. When Inoki was fired from JWA in 1971, Fujinami and a few others followed him in forming a new promotion, New Japan Pro Wrestling. Inoki, Fujinami, Osamu Kido and Kotetsu Yamamoto are recognized as NJPW's founding fathers.
New Japan Pro Wrestling (1972-2006).
In those early days, he served as opponent for debuting rookies, such as Mr. Pogo, Yoshiaki Fujiwara and Gran Hamada. Fujinami, Fujiwara, Hamada and three other rookies competed in the 1974 "Karl Gotch Cup" (a tournament for rookies, forerunner to the later "Young Lions Cup").
In the late 1970s, Fujinami was sent abroad, to Mexico's Universal Wrestling Association and to Jim Crockett Promotions in the U.S. In the late 1970s he went to the WWWF where he first made a name for himself. He won the WWWF Junior Heavyweight Championship on January 23, 1978. and brought it back to Japan, establishing it as the premier junior heavyweight title in Japan. In October 1981, he graduated to the heavyweight division. Fujinami would be the first wrestler to be successful in both the junior heavyweight and heavyweight divisions.
1988 proved to be Fujinami's banner year. On May 8, he defeated Big Van Vader by disqualification, to win the title vacated by Antonio Inoki. However, within days, the title was held up after he fought Riki Chōshū to a no contest; he would win the title back a month later in the rematch. In October, he won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight Championship, and he ended the year by winning the WCWA World Heavyweight Championship in December.
1989 proved to be a heartbreaking year for Fujinami. In April, he vacated the title to be determined in a tournament at New Japan's first Tokyo Dome show; he would lose to eventual winner Big Van Vader in the semi-finals. In June, during a match with Vader, Fujinami suffered a severe back injury and pulled a hernia. He wouldn't wrestle at all until he returned in September 1990, changing his kanji from "辰巳" to "辰爾" (both are pronounced Tatsumi).
In December 1990, he regained the title he never lost, the IWGP Heavyweight title from Chōshū. His reign was short-lived, as he lost the title to Vader a month later. Fujinami rebounded by regaining the title two months later. Within days, Fujinami made history, as he defeated Ric Flair to win the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, making him the very first man to hold the IWGP and NWA World titles simultaneously.
His "most remembered" match in the U.S. was when he defended his NWA World Heavyweight title against Ric Flair in a title vs. title re-match at the first ever WCW SuperBrawl in Florida after a controversial match in Japan that March. Flair retained his WCW Championship and regained Fujinami's NWA title by a school boy pin with a handful of tights.
In recent years Fujinami has decreased his work load upon being named President of NJPW in 1999 (he was nevertheless ousted in 2004). His last title reign in NJPW was an IWGP Tag Team Championship with disciple Osamu Nishimura in October 2001, and his last title shot ever was a Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship bout against Keiji Mutoh in December of the same year (Mutoh had not affiliated himself exclusively with AJPW at the time).
In 2006, after nearly 35 years in the company, Fujinami left NJPW, after giving an ultimatum of either Riki Chōshū leave or Fujinami leave. New Japan stuck with Chōshū, causing Fujinami to leave. Another veteran and Fujinami's long-time tag team partner, Kengo Kimura, would follow suit.
Muga / Dradition (2004-present).
Recently he and Nishimura began running their Muga promotion again, focusing on pure catch wrestling which seems to have been relegated by NJPW. In a tag team dream match, Fujinami, along with his close friend Nishimura beat Mitsuharu Misawa and Go Shiozaki in the main event of the first "Muga World" show. The name of Fujinami's new promotion has since been changed to Dradition, after the departure of Nishimura.
On August 18, 2012, Fujinami won his first title in eleven years, when he took part in Dramatic Dream Team's 15th anniversary event in Nippon Budokan, during which he and Mikami defeated Kudo and Makoto Oishi for the KO-D Tag Team Championship.
Personal life.
Fujinami's son Leona made his professional wrestling debut for Dradition on November 19, 2013.
Championships and accomplishments.
GJP Heavyweight Champions (he immediately award the title back to 吉田充宏)

</doc>
<doc id="2921413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921413" title="John Henderson Lamont">
John Henderson Lamont

John Henderson Lamont (November 12, 1865 – March 10, 1936) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Born in Horning's Mills, Canada West (now Ontario), the son of Duncan Carmichael Lamont and Margaret Robson Henderson, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1892 and a Bachelor of Law degree in 1893 from the University of Toronto. In 1893, he was called to the Bar of Ontario. He practiced law in Toronto until 1899 when he moved to Prince Albert, Northwest Territories (now Saskatchewan) and co-founded a law firm. 
In 1902, he became a Crown Prosecutor. In 1904, he was elected as a Liberal candidate to the Canadian House of Commons representing the riding of Saskatchewan (Provisional District), Northwest Territories. In this election he defeated Conservative Thomas McKay who had been elected first mayor of Prince Albert in the 1880s. He resigned on September 5, 1905 and was elected as a Liberal to represent the district of Prince Albert City in the first election of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. He was also appointed Attorney General. In 1907, he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Saskatchewan. From 1918 to 1927, he was a Justice of the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal. On April 2, 1927, he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada. He served until his death in 1936.
Lamont, Alberta is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="2921415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921415" title="Patrick Newell">
Patrick Newell

Patrick David Newell (27 March 1932 – 22 July 1988) was a British actor known for his large size.
He was educated at Taunton School and completed his National Service, where a fellow recruit was Michael Caine, before training at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), alongside Albert Finney and Peter O'Toole.
Newell began to be seen frequently on TV, usually cast as a fat villain or in comic roles. Given his rotund appearance and ability for playing slightly stuffy types, he was a natural stooge in several comedy shows, first for Arthur Askey, in "Arthur's Treasured Volumes" (ATV, 1960), then for Jimmy Edwards in "Faces Of Jim" (BBC, 1962), with Ronnie Barker also supporting.
He was originally cast as one of the daft recruits in the first of the "Carry On" films, 1958's "Carry On Sergeant" but, according to producer Peter Rogers, Newell turned up on the first day of filming, only to recognise the real-life sergeant hired to drill the cast as the one who'd made his life hell in the Army. He then, so Rogers claims, got into his Rolls-Royce, drove off and was never seen again.
In an interview with TV Times, in 1968, he claimed to have gained weight as a deliberate attempt to boost his career, marking him out for some niche roles. In "Who's Who On Television" in the late 1970s, Newell described himself as "Actor with a weight problem--the more he diets, the less work he seems to get."
His most notable role was as "Mother," the spymaster in "The Avengers". He had previously appeared in two earlier "Avengers" episodes: "The Town of No Return" (Diana Rigg's debut) and, as a Minister of the Crown, in series five's "Something Nasty in the Nursery".
Other cult television appearances included roles in "The Persuaders!", "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)", the "Doctor Who" story "The Android Invasion", "The Young Ones" and "Kinvig".
Newell played Inspector Lestrade in a 1980 Sherlock Holmes TV series, made in Poland. He also turned up as a Playboy Bunny in one of the Benny Hill comedy specials. Film appearances include the Gluttony segment of "The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins" (1971).
In 1984, he landed a more significant role, as Sutton/Blessington in ITV's well-received "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" production of "The Adventure of the Resident Patient", alongside Jeremy Brett.
Later in life, Newell succeeded in losing a substantial amount of weight but this did not prevent his early death from a heart attack. He was married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="2921421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921421" title="Handbridge">
Handbridge

Handbridge is a district of Chester, England on the south bank of the River Dee. A settlement has existed on the site since the Iron age , but the site saw major expansion during the collapse of the Roman occupation of Britain, as the city grew too large for its walls. The site was originally mainly a quarry for the abundant red sandstone that much Chester is built from, but in later years became a centre for salmon fishing in the Dee.
The area runs continuously into Queens Park. Within Handbridge there is a primary school, Overleigh St Mary's, and two secondary schools: Chester Catholic High School and Queens Park High School. There is also a college, West Cheshire College.
History.
Roman era.
Although there has been some activity on the site since the Iron Age, the first settlement on the site was built around 74 CE shortly after the foundation of the fort at Deva, now the Chester city centre. The site was used as a quarry; Handbridge is built on a large sandstone outcrop, material from which was used to construct the city walls and buildings, although the quarry ceased production at the end of the fourth century CE. The quarry was also the site of a small shrine to the goddess Minerva which is still visible in what is known as Edgar's Field. The shrine is protected as a Grade I listed building but has suffered from weathering.
Dark Ages.
After the Romans left Britain, the city fell into disrepair. Little is known of Handbridge from this time, as Chester was repeatedly attacked by Viking raiders, leading one commentator to describe it as "an abandoned city on The Wirral". Nevertheless, by the time of the Domesday Book, the site had grown large enough to be divided into three manors: Overleigh, Netherleigh and Royal Handbridge. The book also tells of the constant repairs that had to be made to the river crossing there, the first written record of what would eventually become known as the Old Dee Bridge.
The site was regularly pillaged by the Welsh of what is now the neighbouring county of Flintshire, who frequently burnt down the suburb, leading to the Welsh name for Handbridge, Treboeth, meaning "burnt town".
By the Old Dee Bridge is a large field known as Edgar's field; this is one of a few sites that may have been the royal palace of Edgar of England. There is no archaeological evidence of this however. Legend tells that, to pledge an oath to him, six lesser kings rowed him up the Dee to his palace, where they pledged allegiance to the king "on both land and sea".
Middle Ages.
During the mediaeval period, multiple river crossings were built on the site of the bridge noted in the Domesday Book to replace others lost to flooding; the current Old Dee Bridge dates from 1353, but at least four other bridges existed on the site beforehand. The bridge became a choke point in Welsh invasions, leading to both ends of the bridge being fitted with sentry posts. Although the bridge formed the only crossing at that point, residents were reluctant to repair the bridge, leading Richard II of England to pay for the crossing to be restored in 1374 "for consideration that as many have been drowned in the water of the Dee since the bridge has been destroyed and broken", being rebuilt with large towers and a drawbridge to further deter Welsh raids.
Chester Weir across the river was built in 1093, under the orders of Hugh Lupus, to provide power to water powered mills along the banks of the river, and to improve the navigability of the river, which was still a major trade route at the time. The mills ran a legally enforced monopoly, with all Cestrians being forced to have their corn ground at these mills. The millers were reputed to be lazy and greedy, taking many times what they should in tithes. The song "Miller of Dee" was written about these millers, which led to "Miller of the Dee" becoming an insult in Mediaeval culture, meaning a thief or a cheat.
English Civil War.
During the English Civil War, Chester was one of the last Royalist strongholds, and as such was heavily besieged. Handbridge was burnt once again and the bridge heavily damaged to impede the progress of the Roundhead armies. This forced the Parliamentarians to cross the river at a ford ten miles (16 km) upstream, leading to the Battle of Rowton Heath, at which the Royalists lost and Chester became invested.
Victorian era.
During the Victorian era many of the corn mills which lined the river closed down, to be replaced with hydroelectric power stations to provide electricity to the growing city. However, the suburb itself was considered a poor area, with one contemporary commentator, John Hemingway, describing the area as "almost exclusively inhabited by the lower orders". The population were primarily industrial workers who worked in the many factories that surrounded Chester, including several tobacco works on the Dee banks, and the neighbouring area of Saltney. However, many of the larger properties in the east of Handbridge, towards Queens Park, were middle and upper class residents who desired attractive riverside properties.
In the extreme west of Handbridge, the Grosvenor Bridge, connecting the city to the main roads to Wales, was built by Thomas Harrison and opened by Queen Victoria in November 1833, as part of a larger trade route to Holyhead and the Irish ports. At long and tall, it was the largest single span bridge in the world for 30 years until 1864.
Today.
Handbridge continued to grow in the 20th century with several large schools and a college being built to serve the population of Handbridge and Queen's Park, which both underwent major expansion. Among the buildings built were the "Salmon Leap" flats, designed in 1976 by Gilling Dod and Partners, which are now considered an eyesore and were featured on the Channel 4 show Demolition. On the riverside is a small cottage named "Nowhere", believed to have originally been a secret tavern. However, during a 1963 gig in Chester by The Beatles, John Lennon heard about the house and was intrigued by the name, with the song "Nowhere Man" being inspired by this cottage .
Governance.
Cheshire West and Chester.
Since 1 April 2009 Handbridge is within the new Cheshire West and Chester unitary authority area; prior to that it was within both Chester City Council and Cheshire County Council boundaries.
Handbridge forms part of the Overleigh Cheshire West and Chester division, which is represented by three councillors:
The first elections to the council were held on 1 May 2008, with the council acting as a shadow council until the abolition of the Chester City Council and Cheshire County Council authorities on 1 April 2009. The wards of the authority are identical to the previous county council electoral divisions.
Handbridge and Queens Park were formerly a single Chester City Council ward, Handbridge & St Mary's.
United Kingdom Parliament.
Handbridge is in the City of Chester parliamentary constituency and is represented by Stephen Mosley of the Conservative Party, who won the seat back from Labour in the 2010 General Election.

</doc>
<doc id="2921432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921432" title="Bird's Point, Missouri">
Bird's Point, Missouri

Bird's Point (or Birds Point) is an unincorporated community in Mississippi County, Missouri. It lies on an island or former island in the Mississippi River, near the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers and is situated directly across from Cairo, Illinois. This is the point where the U.S. Route 60 bridge connects with Cairo, Illinois.
History.
Bird's Point was a strategic site during the Civil War. The Battle of Charleston was fought in the vicinity on August 19, 1861. Union cavalry under David P. Jenkins guarded the region for the early part of the war, deterring Confederate attempts to regain control of the supply routes. Once secured, Bird's Point was transformed into an important supply and repair site, as well as a training camp and military post, for the Union army and navy. Following the war, many of the military buildings were converted to civilian usage, including the boat yard.
In the 1880s, the area was an important railroad and river terminus for cotton distribution, and a series of ferries facilitated movement of cargo and passengers from the island to the Illinois riverbank. The narrow gauge Texas and St. Louis Railway built into Bird's Point in 1882. When the remainder of the railroad was completed, it stretched from Bird's Point to Gatesville, Texas. An incline was used to transfer railcars onto car floats for the cross-Mississippi trip from Birds Point to Cairo, Illinois. The narrow-gauge Texas and St. Louis went bankrupt and the new company was the St. Louis Arkansas and Texas Railway. That railroad standard gauged the rail line so the railroads shippers would not have to break bulk by transferring to a different gauge railroad. When the St. Louis, Arkansas and Texas Railway went bankrupt it was taken over by the St. Louis Southwestern Railway, nicknamed the Cotton Belt. The railroad ran from Bird's Point through Pine Bluff, Arkansas, Texarkana, Texas and to Gatesville, Texas, offering planters a convenient route to transfer their cotton bales to the Mississippi for water transport to markets in the Midwest. The Cotton Belt moved most of its car ferry operations to a new incline and car float at Gray's Point, Missouri in 1898.
In September 1908, the river bank caved in and essentially destroyed the boat yard and surrounding facilities. The railroad incline was destroyed in a flood in April 1909.
Bird's Point today is marked by several large grain elevators and storage facilities.
The Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway.
The area is part of the New Madrid Floodway Project. Prompted by the Great Flood of 1927 the US Army Corps of Engineers installed an earthen levee to protect the rich farmland of Mississippi County. The section of the Levee at Birds Point was engineered so that when the water reached on the nearby Cairo flood gauge, the river would over-top the levee and erode it away. This would allow the river to fill the floodway and relieve pressure on the flood control systems in place at nearby Cairo, Illinois and Hickman, Kentucky. This whole area has been engineered to allow for intentional flooding but has only been used twice: in 1937 and 2011.
Two other floodways were built on the Mississippi River downstream: the Bonnet Carré Spillway and the Morganza Spillway, both of which have gates that can be opened for flood control.
Notable natives.
Jazz pianist Jess Stacy was born in Bird's Point in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="2921438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921438" title="McIntosh College">
McIntosh College

McIntosh College, founded in 1896, was an educational institution located in Dover, New Hampshire. It granted Associate's degrees and Bachelor's degrees in a variety of vocational areas, including business management, criminal justice, graphic design and massage therapy. The college closed in 2009.
History.
McIntosh College was founded by A.D. Bliss in 1896 under the name of Dover Business College. David McIntosh, CPA, purchased the school in 1902 and renamed it.
In 1967, McIntosh was authorized by the State of New Hampshire with the approval of the Post-Secondary Education Commission to offer graduates degrees in Business Science. In 1988 the College became accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Starting in 1999, it was operated by the Career Education Corporation, a for-profit post-secondary education provider.
Closure.
Career Education Corporation announced on November 15, 2006, that it was going to sell several colleges that it owned, including McIntosh College. On February 15, 2008, CEC announced a plan to let current students complete programs. The college was closed in 2009.
Campus.
The McIntosh campus comprised several buildings spread out over in a residential area of Dover, New Hampshire. Most programs, including the library and administrative offices, were housed in the central building. The library also housed art exhibitions, guest speakers and cultural events. The Academy of Design and Technology and the Culinary Arts Academy had their own facilities located in outlying buildings.
The building containing the admissions office and the massage school have been put up for sale by CEC. As of 2009, three of the campus buildings belong to one-time College president Robert DeColfmacker, and there is an outstanding lease running until 2016. There have been local efforts to interest another New Hampshire college in setting up a branch campus, or otherwise redevelop the property.

</doc>
<doc id="2921443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921443" title="Cascy Beddow">
Cascy Beddow

Cascy Beddow (born 27 July 1982 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in ', ', "Monster Island" and the television movie "Carrie". He made a guest appearance on ABC Family's television series Kyle XY as L.K. Deichman.

</doc>
<doc id="2921445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921445" title="William A. Johnson, Jr.">
William A. Johnson, Jr.

William A. "Bill" Johnson, Jr. was the first African-American elected mayor of the City of Rochester, New York. Elected in November 1993, Johnson was the 64th mayor of the city and was re-elected in 1997 and 2001. Although he received 78% of the votes in 2001, he announced that he would not seek a fourth term, and was succeeded in 2006 by former Rochester Police Chief, and current New York State Lieutenant-Governor, Robert Duffy. 
Career.
Born in Lynchburg, Virginia in 1942, Johnson was educated at Howard University where he received both his bachelor's, master's and three honorary degrees. He was the deputy executive director of the Flint, Michigan Urban League and director of the National Urban League Voter Registration Project. He also taught political science at Mott Community College.
He moved to Rochester in 1972 and served 21 years as president and chief executive officer of the Urban League of Rochester. He later became a trustee of the U. S. Conference of Mayors and served as chairman of the Smart Growth and Regionalism Task Force. In 2006 he became a Minett Professor of public policy in Rochester Institute of Technology' College of Liberal Arts.
2003 County Executive Election.
In 2003 Johnson ran unsuccessfully for Monroe County Executive. Johnson was defeated in a landslide by former television newswoman, County Legislator and County Clerk Maggie Brooks. He won only the city of Rochester, and the heavily Democratic town of Brighton by 200 votes. Johnson's advocacy of metropolitan government in the County proved to be unpopular in the suburbs, leading to Johnson's defeat by a 2 to 1 margin. The debate over whether to consolidate local government functions for the purposes of efficiency and tax savings, which Johnson made one of the cornerstones of his regional public policy initiatives, continues today. 
2011 Special Election Bid for Return as Mayor.
In January 2011 Johnson announced that he would be running once again for the office of Mayor to serve the rest of former mayor Robert Duffy's 2nd term. While remaining a registered Democrat, he accepted the ballot lines of the Independence and Working Families' Parties to run in the special election on March 29 against Tom Richards, the former deputy mayor and city corporation council who was officially nominated on February 5 by the Democratic committee of Rochester to be his party's candidate. Richards defeated Johnson and Green Party candidate Alex White in the special election.
Legacy.
Johnson's tenure as Mayor included few successes. The failure of two large scale projects, the attempted revitalization of the High Falls district into an entertainment center, and the attempt to bring a high speed ferry service linking Rochester and Toronto are his remaining legacies.

</doc>
<doc id="2921447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921447" title="Shōwa Kenkyūkai">
Shōwa Kenkyūkai

The was a political think tank in the pre-war Empire of Japan. 
History and background.
The "Shōwa Kenkyūkai" was established in October 1930 as an informal organization led by Ryūnosuke Gotō, with the original intent of reviewing and assessing issues with the Meiji Constitution and the current political process. Goto was a close friend and political companion of Fumimaro Konoe, who hoped that the study group would generate innovative ideas for political reform, and Gotō called upon Masamichi Rōyama, a political scientist from Tokyo Imperial University to head the association. 
Membership in the "Shōwa Kenkyūkai" was intentionally very diverse to avoid a systematic bias. It included noted scholars, journalists, bankers, socialists, militarists, businessmen and leaders of youth organizations. Established specifically as an organization of intellectuals, the "Shōwa Kenkyukai" excluded bureaucrats and politicians from the outset. Many of the members had been regarded Marxists and leftists. By the time the group was dissolved in 1940 it had involved, at its height, some three hundred intellectuals every year in its work.
In 1936, it spun off a "Shina-mondai Kenkyūkai" (China Problems Study Group), and in 1938 it formed a "Bunka Kenkyūkai" (Cultural Study Group) to deal with the cultural aspects of Japanese-Chinese relations. In July 1938, it also established the "Shōwa Dōjinkai" (Shōwa Comrades' Association), which brought together middle-level bureaucrats, business leaders, and politicians to spread the ideas it was developing. In November of that year it established a school, the "Shōwajuku" (Shōwa Academy), to train successors in its methods.
Discussion concerning Japan's future polity after the projected victory in the Second Sino-Japanese War dominated discussions after 1937. The "Shōwa Kenkyūkai" was a strong proponent of Pan-Asianism, in which it envisioned that Japan would take the leading role, and its thesis influenced Konoe in his New Order in East Asia declaration of November 1938, and formed part of the theoretical basis for the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. Politically, the "Shōwa Kenkyūkai" decided that liberal democracy was obsolete, and that the Diet of Japan should be replaced with a corporativist national assembly where membership would be based on occupation, and which would direct a state socialist command economy.
Some members also promoted the future political integration of Japan and China, and envisioned a unified economic block that would cover all of Asia.
The "Shōwa Kenkyūkai" was voluntarily absorbed into Konoe's New Order Movement and the "Taisei Yokusankai" in November 1940. 

</doc>
<doc id="2921449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921449" title="Chester Catholic High School">
Chester Catholic High School

Chester Catholic High School or CHS but officially called The Catholic High School, Chester is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located on the outskirts of Handbridge in Chester, Cheshire, England.
The catchment area of the school expands into Lache and Blacon, with some buses transporting pupils from as far afield as Neston and Frodsham. The school has over 1,000 pupils. The general uniform is a bottle green sweatshirt or polo shirt with black trousers. The current head teacher is John Murray, previous head teachers have included John McCann (acting, 2003–2004), Victoria Ratchford (1994–2003), Christine McCann (no relation to John) and Michael Balfe. The school transferred to the present site in September 1972; previously the school site was occupied by the Overleigh Boys School. In 2006 Ofsted called its Sixth Form "Outstanding".
The school's longest serving teacher, Mick McManus, has taught mathematics since the school opened in 1972, a total of 42 years.
Building work was completed in Autumn 2008 and comprised a new building accommodating the Sixth Form and the Performing Arts, along with two new Science laboratories and new office and staffrooms.
The school now has a new Emmaus Building which was built especially for the sixth form is also used for whole school music and drama. It is solar power electricity generated, the water comes from rain water and the drama rooms have underfloor heating. It was officially opened on 12 February 2008 by Fr Russell Cooke, Dean of Chester, standing in for the Bishop of Shrewsbury, Bishop Brian Noble.
The school was awarded specialist Science College status in 2003, in addition to being a classified Beacon school. In March 2013 the school converted to academy status.
The school has an arrangement with Chester City FC to use the schools grounds as a training ground for the current first team and youth team squads.
Following consultation the Governing Body of the Catholic High School decided upon a new school uniform in March 2014 coming into effect in September 2014.
Notable alumni include Richard Farley.

</doc>
<doc id="2921451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921451" title="King Edward Medical University">
King Edward Medical University

King Edward Medical University formerly known as "King Edward Medical College" is the oldest medical school in Pakistan. Mayo Hospital is the attached hospital, which was built in 1872 and was named after Lord Earl Mayo. King Edward Medical University is the oldest educational institute in Pakistan. King Edward Medical University is supervising Seven Tertiary care hospitals in Lahore as its teaching Hospitals.
History.
King Edward Medical University was established in 1860 as the Lahore Medical College. It is the fourth oldest medical school in South Asia, after Medical College Kolkata (January 28 1835), Madras Medical College, Chennai (February 2 1835) and Grant Medical College, Bombay (1845) 
The first academic building was completed in 1883.
On December 21, 1911, Lahore Medical College was renamed King Edward Medical College in Honor of the late King and Emperor and was elevated to the status of an independent, degree-granting university on May 12, 2005, when it became King Edward Medical University.
Campus and departments.
The university has the following departments:
Auxiliary services.
Library
Organization.
thumbnail
King Edward Medical University is headed by the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Dr. Faisal Masud. At any time of year the university has over 1300 undergraduate and over 800 postgraduate students. Among the postgraduate doctors, 500 are doing residencies under the College of Physicians & Surgeons Pakistan.
Admission to King Edward Medical University is awarded to the students who have the highest merit in the province of Punjab. The merit for admission is calculated from marks obtained in Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSSC) exam plus the marks obtained in the entry test plus marks obtained in Secondary School Certificate (SSC). The percentage of each of these exams contributing to the final merit is different each year. The entry test takes place in September. Criteria for selection, for undergraduate seats, of foreign students and students with foreign examination is based on equivalents tables present for foreign examinations to that of local HSSC examination.
The graduation time period is five years. After graduation one year compulsory internship (House Job) is done in Mayo Hospital or any Government Hospital. The interns are given rotations in departments based on merit. This merit is made from marks obtained in final professional examination and all the other professional examination, with deductions for any failures in the exams. Of all the specialties on offer, the Medicine and Surgery ones are the most competitive and allow only the best of each graduating class. After completion of internship the full registration status to a Doctor is awarded by Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC). Which means that he/she can practice anywhere in Pakistan only.
Students, unions and sports.
King Edward Medical University societies include:
The members of these societies compete at the national and international level, and have won numerous competitions.
King Edward Medical University Magazine, KEMCOL, is maintained by the students.
No student union is allowed in the university.
The previous and current students of KEMU are referred to as Kemcolians. The official forum is at kemcolian.com.
Research.
The Pakistan Medical Tuberculosis Research Center (PMRC) conducts research on improving the management of tuberculosis. Its objective include "Management of Drug Resistant Tuberculosis" and "Eradication of Tuberculosis" in Pakistan
Notable alumni.
The following alumni appear on the official website:

</doc>
<doc id="2921454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921454" title="Albis Pass">
Albis Pass

Albis Pass (el. 791 m.) is a mountain pass in the Albis range in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
It connects Langnau am Albis with the small village of Türlen on the Türlersee and, further on, Aeugst, Hausen, Mettmenstetten and Rifferswil.
The road over the Albis pass is served hourly during daylight hours by a bus connecting Hausen am Albis to the train station in Thalwil.
Other passes in the same chain include Buechenegg, also with a small village at the top, and Schnabellücken, which is undeveloped except for a hiking trail.

</doc>
<doc id="2921457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921457" title="Queens Park, Chester">
Queens Park, Chester

Queens Park is a suburb of Chester. It is in the south of the city, just east of Handbridge. It includes a secondary school, Queens Park High School and also has a pedestrian suspension bridge link with the main city.
Politics.
Local Government.
Queens Park forms part of the Cheshire West and Chester council area.
British Parliament.
Queens Park is in the City of Chester parliamentary constituency and is represented by Stephen Mosley, who has held the seat since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2921458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921458" title="Declared net capacity">
Declared net capacity

Declared net capacity (DNC) is a measure of the contribution that a power station makes to the overall capacity of a distribution grid. It is measured in megawatts (MW), or in "megawatts electrical" (MWe) for a thermal power station.
DNC is sometimes expanded as developed net capacity in British English; The two expansions have exactly the same meaning.
In a conventional power station, the DNC rating is simply the maximum rated output minus the power consumed onsite. It is sometimes termed the "switchyard" output, and takes no account of transmission losses in the grid, which may be considerable in the case of a remote hydro station for example. Most but not all quoted power station ratings are DNC ratings rather than the simple capacity of the alternators.
In the case of a wind power station, the situation is more complex. The alternator of a wind turbine is normally specified to match the strongest wind in which the turbine is designed to operate. This is because most of the cost of a wind turbine is in the rotor and the tower and bearings that support it, rather than in the alternator. It makes no economic sense to restrict the size of the alternator to anything less than the maximum that the rotor will deliver. However, this means that, unlike a conventional power station, a wind turbine rarely achieves its maximum rated output while operating.
While for conventional power stations, the station is only regarded as "available" if the full power output is achievable, for wind power stations no power at all may be available depending on the wind strength, and even if a turbine is operating it may be producing as little as a tenth of its maximum rated capacity. A typical average figure is between one-third and one-half of the maximum rated capacity. 
There are several suggested methods of allowing for this when quoting a DNC figure for a wind farm, but none has gained general acceptance, and the capacity quoted for a wind farm is normally a simple total of the maximum rated capacities of the turbines, sometimes termed the "peak capacity". Many wind schemes now also quote their expected or actual annual output in GWh, to allow more meaningful comparisons with other forms of generation than is possible just by considering this total rated output.

</doc>
<doc id="2921460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921460" title="Char B1">
Char B1

The Char B1 was a French heavy tank manufactured before World War II.
The Char B1 was a specialised heavy break-through vehicle, originally conceived as a self-propelled gun with a 75 mm howitzer in the hull; later a 47 mm gun in a turret was added, to allow it to function also as a "Char de Bataille", a "battle tank" fighting enemy armour, equipping the armoured divisions of the Infantry Arm. Starting in the early twenties, its development and production were repeatedly delayed, resulting in a vehicle that was both technologically complex and expensive, and already obsolescent when real mass-production of a derived version, the Char B1 "bis", started in the late thirties. Although a second uparmoured version, the Char B1 "ter", was developed, only two prototypes were built.
Among the most powerfully armed and armoured tanks of its day, the type was very effective in direct confrontations with German armour in 1940 during the Battle of France, but slow speed and high fuel consumption made it ill-adapted to the war of movement then being fought. After the defeat of France captured Char B1 (bis) would be used by Germany, with some rebuilt as flamethrowers or mechanised artillery.
Development and production.
The Char B1 had its origins in the concept of a "Char de Bataille" conceived by General Jean Baptiste Eugène Estienne in 1919, e.g. in his memorandum "Mémoire sur les missions des chars blindés en campagne". It had to be a "Battle Tank" that would be able to accomplish a breakthrough of the enemy line by destroying fortifications, gun emplacements and opposing tanks. In January 1921 a commission headed by General Edmond Buat initiated a project for such a vehicle. To limit costs, it had to be built like a self-propelled gun, with the main weapon in the hull. To minimise the vehicle size this gun should only be able to move up and down with the horizontal aiming to be provided by turning the entire vehicle. The specifications included: a maximum weight of thirteen metric tonnes; a maximum armour thickness of 25 millimetres; a hull as low as possible to enable the gun to fire into vision slits of bunkers; a small machine gun turret to beat off enemy infantry attacks, at the same time serving as an observation post for the commander and a crew of at most three men. Two versions should be built, the one a close support tank armed with a 75 mm howitzer, the other an antitank-vehicle with a 47 mm gun instead.
The French industry was very interested in the project. In the past this had often led to much non-constructive rivalry. Estienne, who in the war had personally witnessed the dismal effects of such a situation, was determined to avoid a repetition this time. He used his position as Inspector-General of the Tanks to enforce the so-called "Estienne accord" on the industrialists, ordering them to "reach a mutual understanding, free from any spirit of industrial competition". To be allowed to join they had to agree beforehand to relinquish any patents to the Army, which would be free to combine all projects into a single type. In exchange industry were promised very large orders of no less than a thousand vehicles.
On these conditions four projects were started in 1921: two by a cooperation between Renault and Schneider: the SRA and the SRB, one by FAMH ("Forges et Aciéries de la Marine et d'Homécourt", better known as "Saint Chamond") and the last by FCM ("Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée"), the FCM 21. Renault and Schneider would each get to produce 250 units, FAMH and FCM each 125. A fifth producer, "Delaunay-Belleville", of which the project (an improved FT 17) had been rejected beforehand, would be allowed to make 83 tanks; the remaining 167 would be allotted at the discretion of the French State.
On 13 May 1924 the four prototypes were presented at the "Atelier de Rueil", where they were compared, each having to drive over a twenty kilometre test course. Immediately it became evident that their technical development had been insufficient, most breaking down; the SRA even started to fall apart. Maintenance was difficult because the engines were inaccessible. All projects used a three men crew but differed considerably in size, form and the solution chosen to laterally point the gun.
The SRA was the heaviest vehicle with 19.5 metric tonnes. Its length was 595 centimetres, its height 226 cm and its width 249 cm. It had a 75 mm howitzer in the right side of the hull and a cast, 30 mm thick, turret with two machine-guns. It was steered by an epicyclical transmission combined with hydraulically reinforced brake disks—during tests this failed to provide the desired precision.
Seen from the front it already was very similar to the final model, but its side view was more like that of the British Medium Mark D, including the "snake track"-system, with the drive wheel higher than the idler in front. The suspension used leaf springs. A Renault six-cylinder 180 hp engine (a bisected 12V aircraft engine) allowed for a maximum speed of 17.5 km/h; a four hundred litre fuel tank for a range of 140 kilometres.
The SRB was a somewhat larger vehicle, six metres long, 228 centimetres high and 2,5 metres wide. It was nevertheless lighter at 18.5 tonnes, a result of having a smaller 47 mm gun—it thus was the antitank-version. Using the same engine, its speed was accordingly slightly higher at 18 km/h. More limited fuel reservoirs holding 370 litres decreased the range to 125 kilometres. It used an advanced hydraulic suspension system and the hydraulic Naeder-transmission from the "Chaize" company combined with a "Fieux" clutch and Schneider gear box. It used modified FT 17 tracks. The upper track run was much higher, creating enough room for a side door on the left.
The FAHM prototype resembled the contemporary Vickers Medium Tank. It weighed seventeen tonnes, was 520 centimetres long, 240 cm high and 243 cm wide. It used a hydropneumatic suspension. Despite a weaker Panhard engine of 120 hp it still attained a speed of 18.2 km/h. Fuel reservoirs of just 230 litres limited its range to a mere seventy kilometres. The 75 mm howitzer was placed in the middle of the hull and steered by providing each snake track with its own hydraulic "Jeanny" transmission. On top was a riveted machine-gun turret with 25 mm armour.
The lightest prototype was the FCM 21 at 15.64 tonnes. It resembled a scaled-down Char 2C, the giant tank produced by the same company. It was very elongated with a length of 6.5 metres and width of 205 centimetres. A rather large riveted turret with a stroboscopic cupola, adopted from the Char 2C, brought its height to 252 centimetres. Like the superheavy tank it had no real spring system for the twelve small wheels per side. Separate clutches for each snake track allowed to horizontally point the 75 mm howitzer in the middle of the hull. It used the same Panhard engine as the FAHM type and its speed was the lowest of all at 17.4 km/h. However, five hundred litre reservoirs allowed for the best range at 175 kilometres.
March 1925 Estienne decided to base the future production type on the SRB, as regarded the general form and mechanical parts. However, it would be fitted with the 75 mm gun, a Holt-track to be developed by FCM, which company had completed a special research programme aimed at optimising weight distribution, and the FAMH-suspension (later this would again be discarded). Estienne also had some special desires: a track tension wheel should be fitted, adjustable from the inside, and a small gangway from the fighting room should improve the accessibility of the engine compartment. Furthermore the front armour should be increased to 40 millimetres.
In November 1925 Renault was given the order to build a wooden mock-up, that was finished early 1926. On 27 January 1926 it was decided to build three prototypes of what was provisionally called a "Tracteur 30", a final design by engineer Alleaume of the Schneider company, cooperating with the STCC ("Section Technique des Chars de Combat"). The first was to be delivered by Renault, the other two by FCM and FAHM respectively.
The same year the "Direction de l'Infanterie" in the Plan 1926 redefined the concept of a "Char de Bataille". There would be a greater emphasis on infantry support, implying that the antitank-capacity was secondary and no armour increase was necessary. The weight was to be limited to 22 metric tonnes and the speed might be as low as 15 km/h. However, a radio set would have to be fitted to better direct and coordinate its actions; therefore a fourth crew-member was needed.
On 18 March 1927 the contracts for the three prototypes were signed. The hull of first Renault vehicle, made of softer boiler plate instead of armour steel to simplify changes, was in January 1929 finished apart from the armament. It was delivered in March. The separately produced cast turret was delivered on 23 April. The howitzer could only be fitted in April 1930. This prototype was allotted the series number N° 101. N° 102, the production of which FAMH had shifted to Renault, was delivered soon after; in September 1930 FCM delivered N° 103, constructed by the "Atelier de Mépanti" at Marseille. One of the vehicles was fitted with an alternative 75 mm Schneider gun instead of the 75 mm St Chamond M 21 from FAMH.
Testing on the first prototype had already begun before the other two were delivered, or even its main armament was fitted. It had with 24,750 kilogrammes a weight higher than specified but could nevertheless reach a top speed of 24 km/h. From 6 May until August 1930 the "Commission d'Experiences des Matériels de Chars" carried out a further test programme on what was now officially called the Char B—the "B" not referring to "Bataille" but to a general classification code. The commission was largely satisfied with the vehicle, though many smaller problems were detected that had to be improved. The FCM prototype featured several alternative technologies: a "Winterthur" transmission, a "Citroën" clutch and a "Sulzer" diesel engine, later replaced by a "Clerget" diesel. All of these systems would prove to be more unreliable than the original concept and were ultimately rejected.
The three vehicles were not only used for technological but also tactical experimentations. Together with the Char D1 pre-series they represented the only modern tanks in France and the Army was naturally very interested in what lessons could be learned from them about future warfare, outlining the concept of a "Char de Manoeuvre". Neither "Char de Bataille" nor "Char de Manoeuvre" are official type designations; they refer to the tactical concepts only.. In October 1931 a small unit was formed, the "Détachement d' Experimentation" in which the prototypes were united from December, using the "Camp de Châlons" as a base to see how they could be used in winter conditions. Afterwards they on their own power drove to the "Atelier de Rueil" for repairs. In September they participated in the Champagne summer manoeuvres as a "Détachement Mécanique de Combat"; from 4 May 1933 N° 102 en 103 together formed a "Détachement d'Engins Blindés" to perform tactical experiments in the army bases of Coëtquidan and Mourmelon as part of a motorised light division, followed by comparable experiments in April 1934 at Sissonne. Technical aspects were not forgotten during these tests and it was established they could attain an average road speed of 19 km/h, cross a trench 2,4 metres wide and wade through a 105 centimetres deep stream.
The prototypes were again extensively altered to meet changes in specifications. On 6 April 1934 the first order was made for seven tanks of a Char B1. The "B1" refers to the fact that there were other simultaneous projects to develop improved types: the Char B2, B3 and B B.
The Char B1 was manufactured by several firms: Renault (182), AMX (47), FCM (72), FAMH (70) and Schneider (32). Although it was the main producer, Renault had not exclusively designed the tank. Therefore the official name was not "Renault B1" as often erroneously given. It was a very expensive tank to build: the per unit cost was about 1.5 million French francs. In France at the time two schools of thought collided: the first wanted to build very strong heavy tanks, the other a lot of cheap light tanks. Both sides managed to influence procurement policy to the end that not enough tanks were built of either category, to the exasperation of men like Colonel Charles de Gaulle who wanted to build more of the medium Char D2, with a third of the cost of the Char B1 bis, but armed with the same 47 mm gun.
Tactical function.
The outer appearance of the Char B1 reflected the fact that development started in the twenties: like the very first tank, the British Mark I tank of World War I fame, it still had large tracks going around the entire hull and large armour plates protecting the suspension—and like all tanks of that decade it had no welded or cast hull armour. The similarity resulted partly from the fact that the Char B1 was a specialised offensive weapon, a break-through tank optimised for punching a hole into strong defensive entrenchments, so it was designed with good trench-crossing capabilities. The French Army thought that dislodging the enemy from a key front sector would decide a campaign, and it prided itself on being the only army in the world having a sufficient number of adequately protected heavy tanks. The exploitation phase of a battle was seen as secondary and best carried out by controlled and methodical movement to ensure superiority in numbers, so for the heavy tanks also mobility was of secondary concern. Although the Char B1 had for the time of its conception a good speed, no serious efforts were made to improve it when much faster tanks appeared.
More important than the tank's limitations in tactical mobility, though, were its limitations in strategic mobility. The low practical range implied the need to refuel very often, limiting its operational capabilities. This again implied that the armoured divisions of the Infantry, the "Divisions Cuirassées de Réserve", were—despite their name that merely reflected the fact that they had originally been planned to be raised in a "secondary" mobilisation—not very effective as a mobile reserve and thus lacked strategic flexibility. They were not created to fulfill such a role in the first place, which was reflected in the small size of the artillery and infantry components of the divisions.
The one-man turret.
Another explanation of the similarity to the British Mark I lies in the Char B1's original specification to create a self-propelled gun able to destroy enemy infantry and artillery. The main weapon of the tank was its 75 mm howitzer, and the entire design of the vehicle was directed to making this gun as effective as possible. When in the early 1930s it became obvious that the Char B1 also had to defeat counterattacking enemy armour, it was too late for a complete redesign. The solution was to add the standard cast APX-1 turret which also equipped the Char D2. Like most French tanks of the period (the exception being the AMC 34 and AMC 35) the Char B thus had a small one-man turret. Today this is typically seen as one of their greatest flaws. The commander, alone in the turret, not only had to command the tank, but also to aim and load the gun. If he was a unit leader, he had to command his other tanks as well. This is in contrast with the contemporary German, British and to a lesser extent Soviet policy to use two or three-man turret crews, in which these duties were divided amongst several men. The other nations felt that the commander would otherwise be over-tasked and unable to perform any of his roles as well as the commanders of tanks with two or three-man turret crews.
Whether this left the Char B1 less-formidable in actual combat than a review of its impressive statistics suggests, is difficult to ascertain. In 1940, the vast majority of Char B1 combat losses were inflicted by German artillery and anti-tank guns. In direct meetings with German tanks the Char B1 usually had the better of it, sometimes spectacularly so as when on 16 May a single tank, "Eure" (commanded by Captain Pierre Billotte), frontally attacked and destroyed thirteen German tanks lying in ambush in Stonne, all of them Panzer IIIs and Panzer IVs, in the course of a few minutes. The tank safely returned despite being hit 140 times. Similarly, in his book "Panzer Leader", Heinz Guderian related an incident, which took place during a tank battle south of Juniville: "While the tank battle was in progress, I attempted, in vain, to destroy a Char B with a captured 47-mm anti-tank gun; all the shells I fired at it simply bounced harmlessly off its thick armor. Our 37-mm and 20-mm guns were equally ineffective against this adversary. As a result, we inevitably suffered sadly heavy casualties".
The French favoured small turrets despite their shortcomings, as they allowed for much smaller and thus cheaper vehicles. Although the French expenditure on tanks was relatively larger than the German, France simply lacked the production capacity to build a sufficient number of heavier tanks. The Char B1 was expensive enough as it was, eating up half of the infantry tank budget.
Variants.
Char B1.
The original Char B1 had frontal and side armour up to 40 mm thick. The vehicle had a fully traversing APX1 turret with a 47 mm L/27.6 SA 34 gun. This had a poor anti-tank capability: the thirty APHE (Armour Piercing High Explosive) rounds among the fifty the tank carried had a maximum penetration of about 25 mm. In addition, it was armed with a 75 mm ABS 1929 SA 35 gun mounted in the right-hand side of the hull front and two 7.5 mm Châtellerault M 1931 machine guns: one in the hull and the other in the turret. The 75 mm L/17.1 gun, that could fire both a HE and the APHE "Obus de rupture Modèle 1910M" round, had a limited traverse of only one degree to the left or the right (equating to about 18 metres at 500 m range). It was laid onto target by the driver (provided with the gun sight) through the Naeder hydraulic precision transmission. The traverse had only been made possible in order to precisely align the gun barrel with the sight beforehand. The 75 mm gun had its own loader—the remaining two crew members were the radio operator and the commander, who had to load, aim and fire the 47 mm gun while commanding the vehicle (and in the case of platoon leaders, command other vehicles as well). The fighting compartment had the radio set on the left and an exit hatch in the right side. All vehicles had the ER53 radio telegraphy set, which used Morse Code only. A hatch in the rear bulkhead gave access to a corridor (under which nineteen 75 mm rounds out of a total of eighty were stowed) in the engine room to the right of the engine, which was officially rated at , but had an actual output of . Each tank had its own team of three mechanics; in battle some of these might join the regular crew.
The suspension was very complex with sixteen road wheels per side. There were three large central bogies, sprung by a vertical coil spring. Each central bogie carried two smaller ones. The three vertical springs moved through holes in a horizontal beam, to both extreme ends of which road wheels were attached by means of leaf springs: three at the front and one at the back. The high track run gave the tank an old fashioned look, reflecting its long development time. It had a maximum speed of 28 km/h and a weight of 28 metric tons. The range was about 200 km. A total of 34 vehicles were built from December 1935 until July 1937. They had series numbers 102 to 135. Chassis number 101 was kept apart to build the Char B1 ter prototype.
Char B1 bis.
The Char B1 bis was an upgraded variant with thicker armour at 60 mm maximum (55 mm at the sides) and an APX4 turret with a longer-barrelled (L/32) 47 mm SA 35 gun, to give the tank a real anti-tank capacity. It was the main production type: from 8 April 1937 until June 1940 369 units were delivered out of a total order for 1144, with series numbers 201 to 569. Before the war manufacture was slow: only 129 had been delivered on 1 September 1939. The monthly delivery was still not more than fifteen in December; it peaked in March 1940 with 45.
The Char B1 bis had a top speed of provided by a petrol engine. The first batch of 35 Char B1 bis used the original engine but from 1938 to May 1940 they were slowly re-equipped. Its weight was about 31.5 metric tons. The operational range was about which was similar to other tanks of the period. At the three fuel tanks (total capacity of would be exhausted in six hours. To improve matters, at first, trailers with an 800 litre auxiliary fuel tank were towed but this practice was soon abandoned. Instead Char B1 units included a large number of fuel trucks and TRC Lorraine 37 L armoured tracked refuelling vehicles specially designed to quickly refuel them. The last tanks to be produced in June had an extra internal fuel tank. To cool the more powerful engine the Char B1 bis had the air intake on the left side enlarged. It is often claimed this formed a weak spot in the armour, based on a single incident on 16 May near Stonne where two German 37 mm PAK guns claimed to have knocked out three Char B1's by firing at the intakes at close range. The air intake was a thick assembly of horizontal slits alternately angled upwards and downwards between 28 mm thick armour plates, and as such intended to be no more vulnerable than the normal 55 mm side plates.
Over the production run the type was slowly improved. Tanks number 306 to 340 carried 62 47-mm rounds (and the old complement of 4,800 machine gun rounds); later tanks 72 and 5,250. However the B1 bis had fewer 75 mm rounds compared to the earlier B1 : 74 instead of eighty, normally only seven of which were APHE ammunition. Early in 1940 another change was made when the ER53 radio was replaced by the ER51 which allowed spoken wireless communication. The company and battalion command tanks also had an ER55 for communication with higher command. The crews of the "1re DCR" kept their old sets however, preferring them because the human voice was drowned by engine noise.
Char B1 ter.
Development of the Char B1 ter was started at the same time as production funds were given for the "bis" with the intention of providing a tank armoured to 75mm. A design with sloped and welded 70 mm armour, weighing 36.6 metric tons and powered by a engine was meant to replace the B1 bis to accelerate mass production from the summer of 1940. 
In the course of the redesign, space was provided for a fifth crew member, a "mechanic". 
Cost was reduced by omitting the complex Neader transmission and giving the hull gun a traverse of five degrees to each side instead. The first prototype was shown in 1937. Only two prototypes could be finished before the defeat of France. In May 1940 it was agreed to deliver nine Char B1's each month to Britain in exchange for a monthly British production of the "H 39".
Operational history.
The Char B1 served with the armoured divisions of the Infantry, the "Divisions Cuirassées de Réserve". These were highly specialised offensive units, optimised to break through fortified enemy positions. The mobile phase of a battle was to be carried out by the armoured divisions of the Cavalry, equipped with the SOMUA S35. The First and Second DCR had 69 Char B1's each; the Third 68. The 37th "Bataillon de Chars de Combat", serving with 1DCR, was at first equipped with the original B1; these vehicles were refitted with the longer SA 35 gun in the spring of 1940. The turret type designation was changed to APX1A. The battalion was re-equipped with the Char B1 bis and in May reinforced by five of the original tanks.
After the German invasion several ad hoc units were formed: the 4DCR with 52 Char B1's and five autonomous companies (347e, 348e, 349e, 352e and 353e "Compagnie Autonome de Chars") with in total 56 tanks: 12 B1's and 44 B1 bis. Also 28BCC was reconstituted with 34 tanks. The regular divisions destroyed quite a few German tanks, but lacked enough organic infantry and artillery to function as an effective mobile reserve.
A number of Char B1's (161) were captured by the Germans during the Fall of France. These were later pressed into service as second line and training vehicles under the name of "Panzerkampfwagen B-2 740 (f)". Sixty became platforms for flamethrowers as "Flammwagen auf Panzerkampfwagen B-2 (f)". Sixteen were converted into 105 mm self-propelled artillery. Ordinary tank versions were also frequently modified. For example, additional armour was placed above the main gun, and a winch mechanism was added behind the turret. One unit, "Panzer-Abteilung 213", was equipped with the Char B1 bis and deployed on the Channel Islands from 1941 to 1945. One of their tanks is displayed by the Bovington Tank Museum, though repainted in French colours. In German service, the tank saw action in the Balkans Campaign and the Eastern Front, initially during Operation Barbarossa, the flamethrower version from 1942 onwards.
The principal German units that used the Char B1 bis:
Italy independently from Germany captured eight Chars B1 bis when in October 1940 an Italian worker disclosed to the Italian Armistice Commission that they in July had been hidden in a cave near Les Baux-de-Provence. These vehicles, six of which lacked the turret, were tested but probably not operationally used by Italy.
After the Allies had invaded France in 1944, some B1s were recaptured. Several were used on an individual and incidental basis by resistance forces, such as those fighting the German garrison of Paris in August 1944. On 7 October 1944, the Provisional Government of the French Republic formed the 13th Dragoon Regiment of the Free French Forces. The majority of the regiment fielded SOMUA S35 cavalry tanks, but Captain Edmond Voillaume's 2nd Company was equipped with 19 B1 bis tanks, which included a mixture of standard and German modified B-2s. They were stationed in Orléans until 2 April 1945, when they were mobilized for the Allied siege of La Rochelle.
The tanks were effective in the attack on Royan on 15 April 1945, using their 75 mm guns for fire support, while targeting pillboxes with their 47 mm guns. After that, 2nd Company accompanied troops on an assault on Pontaillac on 17 April, followed by an attack on the German stronghold at La Rochelle between 29 April and 8 May. Voillaume was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions. After the war, the 13th Dragoon Regiment was stationed in the French occupation zone of Allied-occupied Germany as part of the French 3rd Armoured Division. It was eventually disbanded in the German town of Wittlich in April 1946.
Surviving vehicles.
Today eleven vehicles survive, one Char B1 and ten Char B1 bis.
The last surviving Char B1 can be seen at the "Association pour la Sauvegarde du Patrimoine Historique et Militaire" (ASPHM), near Strasbourg, in France. It was previously at the Fort de Seclin. It is in a bad condition, with parts like the main gun missing. It was salvaged from a firing range, but will be restored by the owner.
Ten Char B1 bis can be seen in various places in Great Britain and in France:

</doc>
<doc id="2921461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921461" title="Brenda Bruce">
Brenda Bruce

Brenda Bruce (7 July 1918 – 19 February 1996) was a British actress. She had a long and successful career in the theatre, radio, film and television.
Early life.
Brenda Bruce was born in Manchester, Lancashire. Bruce started her acting career as a teenager on stage as a chorus girl.
Acting career.
She was with the Birmingham Repertory Company (1936–39) and a long-time actress with the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC). She was the RSC's resident Mistress Page in "The Merry Wives of Windsor", playing the role in 1964, 1968, 1975 and 1995. She also appeared as Irma in the RSC's production of Jean Genet's "The Balcony" in 1971.
In the 1950s she appeared on television in many dramas, and in a chat show "Rich and Rich" with her husband. She starred as Winnie in the 1962 British premiere of Samuel Beckett's "Happy Days", and in 1977 as Lucilla Edith Cavell Teatime in "Murder Most English".
Brenda Bruce played P.G. Wodehouse's character Aunt Dahlia in the 1990s production of "Jeeves and Wooster" with Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie. Other roles include Tilda in the "Doctor Who" story "Paradise Towers", Bea in the rag trade drama "Connie" and in "The Riff Raff Element". In 1964, she also had the important role of Mary Lewis in "Nightmare". In 1994, she starred in "Honey for Tea", a short-lived sitcom.
Personal life.
She was married twice, to television personality Roy Rich and to actor Clement McCallin. She had a son who died in childhood of asthma.
Death.
She died in London, 19 February 1996, aged 77, of undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2921464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921464" title="Kachin Hills">
Kachin Hills

The Kachin Hills are a heavily forested group of highlands in the extreme northeastern area of the Kachin State of Burma. It consists of a series of ranges running mostly in a N/S direction, including the Kumon Bum Mountains of which the highest peak is Bumhpa Bum with an elevation of one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
Geography.
The country within the Kachin hill tracts is roughly estimated at , and consists of a series of ranges, for the most part running north and south, and intersected by valleys, all leading towards the Ayeyarwady River, which drains the whole country.
Kachin people.
The Kachin Hills are inhabited by the Kachin or Chingpaw, who are known on the Assam frontier as Singphos and on the Chinese frontier as Jingpos. Owing to the great number of tribes, sub-tribes and clans of the Kachins, the part of the Kachin hills which has been taken under administration in the Myitkyina and Bhamo districts was divided into 40 hill tracts (since reduced to five). Beyond these tracts, there are many Kachins in Katha, Mong Mit and the northern Shan States. 
There were 64,405 Kachins enumerated at the census of 1901. 
In the middle of the 19th century, the southern limit of the Kachins was 200 mi. farther north than it is now. Since then the race has been drifting steadily southward and eastward, a vast aggregate of small independent clans united by no common government, but all obeying a common impulse to move outwards from their original seats along the line of least resistance. Now the Kachins are on both sides of the border of upper Burma, and are a force to be reckoned with by frontier administrators.
British administration.
According to the Kachin Hill Tribes Regulation of 1895, administrative responsibility was accepted by the British government on the left bank of the Irrawaddy for the country south of the Nmaikha, and on the right bank for the country south of a line drawn from the confluence of the Malikha and Nmaikha through the northern limit of the Laban district and including the jade mines. The tribes north of this line were told that if they abstained from raiding to the south of it they would not be interfered with. South of that line peace was to be enforced and a small tribute exacted, with a minimum of interference in-their private affairs.
On the British side of the border, the chief objects of Britain's colonial policy were the disarmament of the tribes and construction of frontier and internal roads. A light tribute was exacted. The Kachins have been the object of many police operations and two regular expeditions: 
(I) Expedition of 1892-93. Bhamo was occupied by the British on December 28, 1885, and almost immediately, trouble began. Constant punitive measures were carried on by the military police; but in December 1892, a police column proceeding to establish a post at Sima was heavily attacked, and simultaneously the town of Myitkyina was raided by Kachins. A force of 1200 troops was sent to put down the rising. The enemy received their final blow at Palap, but not before three officers were killed, three wounded and 102 sepoys and followers killed and wounded. 
(2) Expedition of 1895-96. The continued misconduct of the Sana Kachins from beyond the administrative border rendered punitive measures necessary in the eyes of British colonialists. No retaliation had taken place since the attack on Myitkyina in December 1892. Now two columns were sent up, one of 250 rifles from Myitkyina, the other of 200 rifles from Mogaung, marching in December 1895. The resistance was insignificant, and the operations were completely successful. A strong force of military police was stationed at Myitkyina, with several outposts in the Kachin hills.
In 1910, the British occupied Hpimaw (Chinese characters: 片马, pinyin: Piànmǎ) in the Pianma Incident. 
Burma relinquished the eastern villages of Gawlam (古浪), Hpimaw, and Kanfang (岗房) to the Chinese in 1960, ending the political boundary dispute. Although the area had been granted much autonomy under the 1947 constitution, the Burma government has since integrated it into the rest of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2921474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921474" title="Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger">
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger

Plot.
Five young warriors from an ancient civilization of are awakened during the present day after 170 million years of suspended animation when their sworn enemy, Bandora the Witch, is inadvertently released from her magical container on Planet Nemesis by two astronauts. The five warriors, the Zyurangers, must summon the power of mechanical-looking deities known as Shugozyu, each modeled after a different prehistoric beast, in order to protect mankind from Bandora's evil forces. A sixth warrior, Burai the Dragonranger, later becomes involved with the conflict between the Zyurangers and Bandora's forces.
Video game.
A "Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger" video game was released for the Family Computer by Angel (a subsidiary of Bandai) on November 6, 1992. It is a side-scrolling action game in which the player takes control of a different Zyuranger in each of the game's five stages. The game includes two difficulty settings and a password feature.
The player begins the game as Boi in the first stage, followed by Mei, Dan, Gōshi, and Geki in subsequent stages. Each Zyuranger begins his or her stage wielding the standard Ranger Gun, which can be replaced with the character's corresponding Legendary Weapon by finding the entrance to Barza's room in each stage. Each stage also contain ten scattered coins which will replenish the player's life gauge completely when fully collected, as well display a still of the character's mecha and its specifications. At the end of each stage, the player will confront one of the main villains from the show. The villains faced are Pleprechuan, Bukbak, Totpat, Grifforzer, and Bandora herself.
Between stages, the player will be challenged to one of three possible minigames by Burai the Dragonranger. These consist of a trivia game where Bandora will ask the player a question related to the TV series, a Pong-style game between Daizyuzin and the Dragon Caesar, and a hot potato-style game between Gōryūzin and Lamie. These minigames are also accessible from the main menu and can be played with a second player.

</doc>
<doc id="2921481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921481" title="Barefooting">
Barefooting

Barefooting may refer to:
Barefootin' may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2921484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921484" title="Roland Martin (fisherman)">
Roland Martin (fisherman)

Roland Martin is a professional sport fisherman. Martin is host of "Fishing with Roland Martin" on the NBCSN television channel.
Fishing in 291 tournaments, Martin's BASSMASTER career includes the following achievements – 19 tournaments won, 9 B.A.S.S. Angler-of-the-Year titles, nearly 100 Top Ten finishes, and 25 appearances in bass fishing's world championship event, the Bassmaster Classic. Also a record, he has 19 second place BASS finishes. His career tournament winnings exceeded one million dollars in 2004.
Roland Martin was the first professional bass fisherman to be inducted into all three Halls of Fame (IGFA Hall of Fame, Freshwater Fishing Hall of Fame, Professional Bass Fishing Hall of Fame).
In a July 2005 survey for the "Greatest Angler", Roland Martin was voted second (to Rick Clunn), hurt by his lack of a Classic championship.
He is also good friends with fellow fishermen Bill Dance and Jimmy Houston and they appear many times on his show.
He popularized the concept of "pattern" fishing – determining a particular way to catch fish for a given time and lake, and then applying it to similar locations around that lake. He has been an able and enthusiastic spokesman for bass fishing, conservation, and the pursuit of the American dream for decades, generating a large following of fans.
Controversy.
Roland Martin was criticized heavily during the 1991 fishing season, after Jeff Davidson of Outdoor Telecommunications denied a request by Dream Makers Inc. of Nashville to have Roland Martin fish with Chris Mathis; a terminally ill 14 year old boy. According to the Florida Tribune Martin said, "I can never meet all the requests, so I`m being screened and protected by the marketing group. I know we all have responsibilities to our public and must act as role models . . . but there are hundreds of people, and we can`t fit all of them in our schedules.``

</doc>
<doc id="2921486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921486" title="Augusto Vera">
Augusto Vera

Augusto Vera (4 May 1813 - 13 July 1885) was an Italian philosopher who followed Hegel's theories and translated many of his works.
Life.
Vera was born in Amelia in the province of Terni. He was educated in Rome and Paris, and, after teaching classics for some years in Geneva, held chairs of philosophy in various colleges in France. He was a philosophy teacher at the Lycée Victor-Duruy (Mont-de-Marsan) and subsequently was professor in Strasbourg and in Paris. He left Paris after the coup d'etat of 1851 and spent nine years in England. Attaching himself with enthusiasm to Hegel's system, Vera (who wrote fluently both in French and in English as well as in Italian) became widely influential in spreading a knowledge of the Hegelian doctrine, and became the chief representative of Italian Hegelianism. 
Without any marked originality, his writings are distinguished by lucidity of exposition and genuine philosophic spirit. In 1860 Vera returned to Italy, where he was made professor of philosophy in the Royal Academy of Milan. In the following year he was transferred to Naples as professor of philosophy in the university of Naples upon Francesco de Sanctis' invitation. His "Prolusioni alla Storia della Filosofia" and "Lezioni sulla Filosofia della Storia" were connected with his professorial work, which was specially devoted to the history of philosophy and the philosophy of history. He kept his teaching position until his death in Naples.
Philosophy.
It was during his studies, with his cousin in Paris, that he came to know about philosophy and through them he acquired knowledge of Hegelianism and it culminated during the events of the 1848-49 French revolution. In England he continued his studies of Hegelian philosophy. During his years in Naples, he would maintain relationships with the Philosophical Society of Berlin, which originally consisted of Hegelians, and kept up to date with both the German and the French Hegelian literature. As a teacher, he undertook the translation of Hegel's "Introduzione alla filosofia" (Introduction to philosophy) in French. A lot of his work on neo-Hegelian theories were undertaken with Bertrando Spaventa. Some works see the Italian Hegelian doctrine as having led to Italian Fascism.

</doc>
<doc id="2921496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921496" title="List of largest lakes of Europe">
List of largest lakes of Europe

This is a list of lakes of Europe with an average area greater than 100 km². Some smaller lakes may be missing from the list.
Ranking:
Reservoirs and smaller sub-basins that are already counted are not ranked.

</doc>
<doc id="2921497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921497" title="Sceloporus poinsettii">
Sceloporus poinsettii

The crevice spiny lizard (Sceloporus poinsettii) is a species of small, phrynosomatid lizard. The epithet, "poinsettii", is in honor of American physician, botanist, and statesman, Joel Roberts Poinsett.
Geographic range.
It is endemic to the Chihuahuan Desert, in the US states of Texas and New Mexico, and in the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango.
Description.
The crevice spiny lizard is typically grey in color, but sometimes can have a ruddy red-brown appearance with a black and white collar around the neck region. The underside is typically light grey, but males often have blue patches on either side of their bellies. The tail typically has black banding. Their scales have a distinctly spiny texture. They can grow to 11.8 cm (4.6 in) snout-to-vent length, and 31.1 cm (12.2 inches) total length.
Behavior.
Crevice spiny lizards are typically shy and nervous, fleeing up a rock face or into a crevice if approached. They prefer semi-arid habitats, often of limestone rock, where there are numerous holes and easily accessible cracks. 
Diet.
They are insectivorous, consuming a wide variety of spiders, beetles, and other insects, but they will sometimes also consume tender vegetation. 
Reproduction.
They are one of the several species of "Sceloporus" that are ovoviviparous. Breeding occurs in the spring, and a litter of up to 11 young are born in midsummer.

</doc>
<doc id="2921499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921499" title="Elena Bashkirova">
Elena Bashkirova

Elena Dmitrievna Bashkirova () is a Russian-born pianist and musical director.
She was born in Moscow (1958), the daughter of pianist and teacher Dimitri Bashkirov. She studied at the Tchaikovsky Conservatory.
She is the founder of the Metropolis Ensemble in Berlin, Germany and Jerusalem International Festival of Chamber Music (also JIFCM's artistic director) in 1998.
In 1988 she became the second wife of the Argentine born pianist Daniel Barenboim. They had met while Barenboim was still married to the British cellist Jacqueline du Pré. By the time Barenboim met Bashkirova, du Pré had been diagnosed for several years with multiple sclerosis. During the last years of du Pré's illness, Barenboim and Bashkirova lived together and had two sons. The younger son Michael is a classical violinist and the elder David is a manager-writer for the German hip-hop band Level 8.
Bashkirova was previously married to the violinist Gidon Kremer.

</doc>
<doc id="2921501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921501" title="National Foundation for Cancer Research">
National Foundation for Cancer Research

History.
The National Foundation for Cancer Research (NFCR) was founded in 1973 to support cancer research and public education relating to prevention, earlier diagnosis, better treatments and ultimately, a cure for cancer. NFCR promotes and facilitates collaboration among scientists to accelerate the pace of discovery from bench to bedside.
The NFCR has funded nearly 50 laboratories worldwide. 

</doc>
<doc id="2921504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921504" title="Sin-é">
Sin-é

Sin-é (; Irish for "that's it") was the name of a music venue in New York City which helped launch the careers of several noted musicians in the early 1990s.
History.
Original café.
The original Sin-é, located at 122 St. Mark's Place in Manhattan's East Village, was a small café that served food, coffee, and Rolling Rock beer. It was opened by Irish immigrants Shane Doyle and Karl Geary in 1989. Originally a hang-out for the city's community, it metamorphosed into a gathering place that fused Irish and New York culture when Doyle began to encourage musicians and other artists to perform in the space.
The early days saw a number of poetry readings and acoustic sessions. One outfit that began to bring in the non-Irish East Village crowd in on a Saturday night was known as "The Clumsy Cabaret", a late-night gathering hosted by Helena Mulkerns, Deanna Kirk, Elizabeth Logun and Paul Honde which drew musicians (including many of New York's anti-folk scene) in after gigs. Acoustic music sessions took place in a spontaneous and creative atmosphere. Patrons included emerging writers, photographers, artists, designers and musicians. Later, as a more established venue, performers such as Susan McKeown, Katell Keineg, Ben Folds, October Project, David Poe, Jenifer Jackson, Jeff Buckley, Big Dream and David Gray took their first steps in the music business, playing for tips. The early 1990s also saw the weekly Friday residency of "Beavis and Butt-Head" directors Mike deSeve and Brian Mulroney's band Porkchop, co-founded by Strokes guru J. P. Bowersock and featuring Ben Folds' ex-wife and collaborator, Anna Goodman. 
Seasoned performers such as Sinéad O'Connor, Jeff Buckley, Marianne Faithfull, Shane McGowan, Hothouse Flowers, The Waterboys and Allen Ginsberg also appeared at Sin-é, giving impromptu performances. The stage was an area where tables were cleared away against a wall. Iggy Pop, PJ Harvey, Jane Pratt, and Gabriel Byrne were known to stop by. Johnny Depp, The Black Crowes, and U2 all visited the café on at least one occasion. The informal atmosphere and devoted regular audience were instrumental in creating a fertile musical scene that flourished until Sin-é closed its doors in 1996. Jeff Buckley's first release was the EP, "Live at Sin-é" (1993), while a double album, "Live at Sin-é (Legacy Edition)", was released in 2003.
Second incarnation.
In 2000, Doyle opened a 380-capacity version of Sin-é on North Eighth Street just off of Bedford Avenue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Due to problems with the city and complaints by nearby residents, the club closed after only a few months.
Final venue.
Located at 150 Attorney Street, at the corner of Stanton Street, on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, the last Sin-é was named "Best New Venue" in "NY Magazine's" "Best of New York" issue (March 2003). On its first birthday, Sin-é was awarded "Best Place to See a Local Band's First Gig" by "NY Magazine" (March 2004) for helping nurture acts like The Seconds and The Secret Machines. In 2004, the adjoining Sin-e Bar opened to expand the total area, with four partners including Shane Doyle and Emily Danziger. The venue and bar closed on April 2, 2007, reportedly due to the area's gentrification.

</doc>
<doc id="2921507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921507" title="Keith Askins">
Keith Askins

Keith Bernard Askins (born 15 December 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
Basketball career.
After playing at the University of Alabama, the 6'7" Askins signed with the National Basketball Association's Miami Heat in 1990, after not being drafted. A versatile athlete who could play at multiple positions, he spent his entire career as a reserve and defensive specialist, retiring after being waived in 1999 with career totals of 1,852 points and 1,428 rebounds. 
Immediately after retiring, Askins joined the Heat's coaching staff, going on to serve as assistant for Pat Riley and Erik Spoelstra and winning three championships. In September 2013, he was promoted to the team's director of college and pro scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="2921516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2921516" title="Boston Crusaders Drum and Bugle Corps">
Boston Crusaders Drum and Bugle Corps

The Boston Crusaders Drum and Bugle Corps is a World Class "(formerly Division I)" competitive junior drum and bugle corps. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, the Boston Crusaders are a charter member of Drum Corps International.
History.
The Boston Crusaders were founded in 1940 as the Most Precious Blood Crusaders, a youth activity of the Most Precious Blood Catholic parish in the Hyde Park section of Boston. The Corps and the parish parted ways in 1956, and the corps took a new name, the Hyde Park Crusaders. During this period, two ardent, if unofficial supporters of the corps were two of the Kennedy brothers, John F. and Ted. JFK was such a staunch supporter that he was made an honorary member of the corps; the then-Senator was responsible for acquiring West Point uniforms that the Crusaders converted to their own colors; in return, the corps honored the newly elected President Kennedy by being the first drum and bugle corps to march in a Presidential Inauguration Parade.
By 1959, the corps had become the Boston Crusaders, although they often were (and still are) referred to as "BAC" or the Boston "Area" Crusaders, and BAC was one of the East Coast powerhouse corps of the 1960s. They won the first CYO National Drum and Bugle Championship in 1964 and repeated as CYO champions in 1967 & '68. In 1966 and again in 1967 the Boston Crusaders were crowned World Open (class A) Champions. The corps was a finalist at VFW Nationals in 1969 & '70 and would have won the 1967 American Legion Junior Championship, if the powers-that-be had not voided the scores for the corps' inspection, allowing the Cavaliers to outscore them.
In 1971, the Boston Crusaders, along with the 27th Lancers, Blessed Sacrament Golden Knights, Blue Rock, and Garfield Cadets formed the United Organization of Junior Corps (also known as the "Alliance"). This action was taken in reaction to the rigid, inflexible rules of the American Legion and VFW (the primary rule makers and sponsors of both corps and shows) and the low or nonexistent performance fees paid for appearing in the various competitions. The corps felt that not only were they having their creative potential as artistic performing groups stifled, but they were being financially starved. (A similar group of Midwestern corps, the Midwest Combine, was formed by the Blue Stars, Cavaliers, Madison Scouts, Santa Clara Vanguard, and the Troopers.) The Alliance members felt that the corps should be making their own rules, operating their own competitions and championships, and keeping the bulk of the monies those shows earned. For the 1971 season, the corps stuck together, offering show promoters the five corps as a package. Despite pressure on show sponsors, judges, and other drum corps, the corps were booked into a number of shows together.
In 1972, the Boston Crusaders, along with the nine other corps from the Alliance and the Midwest Combine, plus the Anaheim Kingsmen, Argonne Rebels, and De La Salle Oaklands were founding members of Drum Corps International, which remains as the sanctioning body for junior corps in North America. That summer, there was a fire in the corps hall that destroyed much of the corps' equipment. The corps was forced to withdraw from many of its scheduled contests, and at one point, could claim only nineteen active members. Rather than attending the first DCI World Championship in Whitewater, Wisconsin, BAC returned to the field to compete at CYO Nationals, where they finished ninth of thirteen corps and solidified their reputation as, "the corps that would not die." 
Disaster struck again a decade later when, while on a 1982 tour in the United Kingdom, the corps' funds were embezzled, leaving members and staff stranded and financially insolvent in England. The Corps made it back home with the assistance of the US State Department for members under the age of 18, and all others paid their own way or received assistance from a handful of very generous supporters. The airline involved filed a receivership action, and several alumni stepped in to negotiate the release of title to the Corps' assets. Once more, the corps refused to die, fielding a small unit in 1983 as the Boston Drum and Bugle Corps. The instructional staff produced a first class program, working tirelessly without compensation. During that year, the Corps marched in every parade possible within a day's drive of Boston, and repaid all of the Corps' debts, with the exception of the airline, which was never pursued. Three years later the Corps returned to the field as the Boston Crusaders.
Through the years, BAC had fostered a well-earned image of toughness. Prior to DCI Prelims in Miami in 1983, a gang of street thugs were harassing corps as they prepared to enter the Orange Bowl Stadium. The Boston Crusaders, "...as adept with fists as with bugles..." solved the problem by chasing the gang away. However, this attitude was not conducive to attracting sufficient numbers of talented members to be a truly competitive corps, and in combination with a reputation for being troublemakers, the corps was relegated to middling rankings within DCI through the 1980s and '90's.
Under corps director Jim Cronin from 1996 to 2000, the corps adopted a new philosophy of "professionalism, accountability, and responsibility" for its members. In 1999, the Boston Crusaders finally earned a place among DCI's Top Twelve Finalists. They have returned to Finals in every year since, placing as high as fifth in 2002.
Historically, the Boston Crusaders have often been drum corps innovators. They were the first corps to march double tenor drums in 1967; the first to march tympani in 1968 (as the Majestic Knights of nearby Charlestown also did); the first with slides on their horns to allow playing a chromatic scale; and, although they were penalized for it in every show, the first to use a synthesizer in 1985.
On January 21, 2013, the corps marched in President Barack Obama's second inauguration parade.
Sponsorship.
The Boston Crusaders Drum and Bugle Corps is sponsored by Inspire Arts & Music, a 501 (c) (3) musical organization that has a Board of Directors, corps director, and staff assigned to carry out the organization's mission. The board president is James Cronin, Thompson Vou is administrative director, and the corps director is Andy Waldukat.
Show Summary (1972–2014).
"Sources:"
Gold background indicates DCI Championship; Pale shaded background indicates DCI Top 12 Finalist.
Traditions.
Conquest.
The Boston Crusaders first performed Alfred Newman's "Conquest" from the 1947 swashbuckling motion picture, "Captain From Castille" in 1969 and repeated it in 1970. The corps brought the tune back in 1973 & '74, then performed it as a part of their show in every year from 1976 through 1990. Since then, BAC's shows have included a two measure quote from the piece; called the "conquest shots," these six notes appear in various form throughout the show, though most noticeably when the entire corps plays in unison at a high dynamic level. Fans of the corps take this as their cue to fill in the two rests by screaming "HUH!"
Waldo.
The Boston Crusader's symbol is King Richard's split-tailed lion. Affectionately known as "Waldo", the lion can be seen on all of the corps' vehicles, on the corps members' jackets, on corps merchandise, and as tattoos on many members and alumni of the Crusaders.
Fans.
Fans and alumni of the Boston Crusaders often scream "Eat 'em up, Boston!" before start of a show.
Giant.
The Crusaders' corps song, sung before they go onto the field, is based on the main theme from the 1956 movie, Giant. In past years the song has also been used as an on-field warm-up tune.
BAC.
The corps is commonly referred to as "BAC," which, in the media and polite company, stands for "Boston Area Crusaders." Although some people object to its use, the corps in its earlier days earned their true nickname of the "Bad Ass Crusaders" by being a rough-and-tumble group that was ready to fight when given almost any excuse. Many of the alumni from those days are quite adamantly proud of that hard-earned reputation and strenuously object to other people's sanitizing efforts.
Burt Lancaster on BAC.
"Before he lost it, Peckinpah made me go see this drum and bugle corps from Boston, the Boston Crusaders. Sam thought I would only really understand the power beneath despair by watching these guys. Yeah, he was right. In '73 and '83, the corps went out with just handfuls of guys on the horns and, @#!*% , those man-gods could melt the gates of @#!*% . Every single film I made after 'Valdez Is Coming' is an allegory on the Boston Crusaders." ...Burt Lancaster in "Daily Variety" interview, December 9, 1991.

</doc>
