<doc id="2840574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840574" title="CBC-MAC">
CBC-MAC

In cryptography, a cipher block chaining message authentication code (CBC-MAC) is a technique for constructing a message authentication code from a block cipher. The message is encrypted with some block cipher algorithm in CBC mode to create a chain of blocks such that each block depends on the proper encryption of the previous block. This interdependence ensures that a change to any of the plaintext bits will cause the final encrypted block to change in a way that cannot be predicted or counteracted without knowing the key to the block cipher.
To calculate the CBC-MAC of message formula_1 one encrypts formula_1 in CBC mode with zero initialization vector. The following figure sketches the computation of the CBC-MAC of a message comprising blocks formula_3 using a secret key formula_4 and a block cipher formula_5:
Security with fixed and variable-length messages.
If the block cipher used is secure (meaning that it is a pseudorandom permutation), then CBC-MAC is secure for fixed-length messages. However, by itself, it is not secure for variable-length messages. Thus, any single key must only be used for messages of a fixed and known length. This is because an attacker who knows the correct message-tag (i.e. CBC-MAC) pairs for two messages formula_6 formula_7 and formula_8 formula_9 can generate a third message formula_10 whose CBC-MAC will also be formula_11. This is simply done by XORing the first block of formula_12 with formula_13 and then concatenating formula_1 with this modified formula_12; i.e., by making formula_16. When computing the MAC for the message formula_10, it follows that we compute the MAC for formula_1 in the usual manner as formula_13, but when this value is chained forwards to the stage computing formula_20 we will perform an exclusive OR operation with the value derived for the MAC of the first message. The presence of that tag in the new message means it will cancel, leaving no contribution to the MAC from the blocks of plain text in the first message formula_1: formula_22 and thus the tag for formula_10 is formula_11.
This problem cannot be solved by adding a message-size block to the end. There are three main ways of modifying CBC-MAC so that it is secure for variable length messages: 1) Input-length key separation; 2) Length-prepending; 3) Encrypt last block. In such a case, it may also be recommended to use a different mode of operation, for example, CMAC or HMAC to protect the integrity of variable-length messages.
Length prepending.
One solution is to include the length of the message in the first block; in fact CBC-MAC has been proven secure as long as no two messages that are prefixes of each other are ever used and prepending the length is a special case of this. This can be problematic if the message length may not be known when processing begins.
Encrypt-last-block.
Encrypt-last-block CBC-MAC (ECBC-MAC) is defined as formula_25. Compared to the other discussed methods of extending CBC-MAC to variable-length messages, encrypt-last-block has the advantage of not needing to know the length of the message until the end of the computation.
Attack methods.
As with many cryptographic schemes, naïve use of ciphers and other protocols may lead to attacks being possible, reducing the effectiveness of the cryptographic protection (or even rendering it useless). We present attacks which are possible due to using the CBC-MAC incorrectly.
Using the same key for encryption and authentication.
One common mistake is to reuse the same key formula_4 for CBC encryption and CBC-MAC. Although a reuse of a key for different purposes is a bad practice in general, in this particular case the mistake leads to a spectacular attack:
Suppose Alice has sent to Bob the cipher text blocks formula_27. During the transmission process, Eve can tamper with any of the formula_28 cipher-text blocks and adjust any of the bits therein as she chooses, provided that the final block, formula_29, remains the same. We assume, for the purposes of this example and without loss of generality, that the initialisation vector used for the encryption process is a vector of zeroes.
When Bob receives the message, he will first decrypt the message by reversing the encryption process which Alice applied, using the cipher text blocks formula_30. During the transmission process, Eve can tamper with any of the formula_28 cipher text blocks and adjust any of the bits therein as she chooses, provided that the final block, formula_29, remains the same. Her tampered version, later delivered to Bob in replacement of Alice's original, is formula_33.
Bob first decrypts the message received using the shared secret key formula_34 to obtain corresponding plain text. Note that all plain text produced will be different from that which Alice originally sent, because Eve has modified all but the last cipher text block. In particular, the final plain text, formula_35, differs from the original, formula_36, which Alice sent; although formula_29 is the same, formula_38, so a different plain text formula_35 is produced when chaining the previous cipher text block into the exclusive-OR after decryption of formula_29: formula_41.
It follows that Bob will now compute the authentication tag using CBC-MAC over all the values of plain text which he decoded. The tag for the new message, formula_11, is given by:
formula_43
Notice that this expression is equal to
formula_44
which is exactly formula_29:
formula_46
and it follows that formula_47.
Therefore, Eve was able to modify the cipher text in transit (without necessarily knowing what plain text it corresponds to) such that an entirely different message, formula_48, was produced, but the tag for this message matched the tag of the original, and Bob was unaware that the contents had been modified in transit. By definition, a Message Authentication Code is "broken" if we can find a different message (a sequence of plain-text pairs formula_48) which produces the same tag as the previous message, formula_50, with formula_51. It follows that the message authentication protocol, in this usage scenario, has been broken, and Bob has been deceived into believing Alice sent him a message which she did not produce.
If, instead, we use different keys for the encryption and authentication stages, say formula_52 and formula_53, respectively, this attack is foiled. The decryption of the modified cipher-text blocks formula_54 obtains some plain text string formula_55. However, due to the MAC's usage of a different key formula_53, we cannot "undo" the decryption process in the forward step of the computation of the message authentication code so as to produce the same tag; each modified formula_55 will now be encrypted by formula_53 in the CBC-MAC process to some value formula_59.
This example also shows that a CBC-MAC cannot be used as a collision resistant one-way function: given a key it is trivial to create a different message which "hashes" to the same tag.
Allowing the initialisation vector to vary in value.
When encrypting data using a block cipher in cipher block chaining (or another) mode, it is common to introduce an initialization vector to the first stage of the encryption process. It is typically required that this vector be chosen randomly (a nonce) and that it is not repeated for any given secret key under which the block cipher operates. This provides semantic security, by means of ensuring the same plain text is not encrypted to the same cipher text, allowing an attacker to infer a relationship exists.
When computing a message authentication code, such as by CBC-MAC, the use of an initialisation vector is a possible attack vector.
In the operation of a cipher block chaining cipher, the first block of plain text is mixed with the initialisation vector using an exclusive OR (formula_60). The result of this operation is the input to the block cipher for encryption.
However, when performing encryption and decryption, we are required to send the initialisation vector in plain text - typically as the block immediately preceding the first block of cipher text - such that the first block of plain text can be decrypted and recovered successfully. If computing a MAC, we will also need to transmit the initialisation vector to the other party in plain text so that they can verify the tag on the message matches the value they have computed.
If we allow the initialisation vector to be selected arbitrarily, it follows that the first block of plain text can potentially be modified (transmitting a different message) while producing the same message tag.
Consider a message formula_61. In particular, when computing the message tab for CBC-MAC, suppose we choose an initialisation vector formula_62 such that computation of the MAC begins with formula_63. This produces a (message, tag) pair formula_64.
Now produce the message formula_65. For each bit modified in formula_66, flip the corresponding bit in the initialisation vector to produce the initialisation vector formula_67. It follows that to compute the MAC for this message, we begin the computation by formula_68. As bits in both the plain text and initialisation vector have been flipped in the same places, the modification is cancelled in this first stage, meaning the input to the block cipher is identical to that for formula_69. If no further changes are made to the plain text, the same tag will be derived despite a different message being transmitted.
If the freedom to select an initialisation vector is removed and all implementations of CBC-MAC fix themselves on a particular initialisation vector (often the vector of zeroes, but in theory, it could be anything provided all implementations agree), this attack cannot proceed.
Standards that define the algorithm.
FIPS PUB 113 "Computer Data Authentication" is a (now obsolete) U.S. government standard that specified the CBC-MAC algorithm using DES as the block cipher.
The CBC-MAC algorithm is equivalent to ISO/IEC 9797-1 MAC Algorithm 1.

</doc>
<doc id="2840580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840580" title="Nikita Koshkin">
Nikita Koshkin

Nikita Koshkin (born February 28, 1956) is a classical guitarist and composer born in Moscow. 
His early influences included Stravinsky, Shostakovich and Prokofiev, as well as rock music. Koshkin first came to prominence with his suite "The Prince's Toys," completed in 1980 and first performed by the Czech-born guitarist Vladimir Mikulka. It depicts the fairytale world of a child in which his toys come to life and, eventually, abduct him to some other dimension. The suite incorporates numerous sound-effects on the guitar to paint images: the so-called 'snare drum' effect, for example, created by holding down crossed B and E (or low-E and A) strings with the left hand, to imitate the drums of toy soldiers. Other extended techniques include scraping the strings with the fingernails; a large variety of percussive effects; 'playing' the strings between the tuning heads and nut, or the knotted sections of the strings on the bridge; 'hammer-ons', where the left hand fingers suddenly depress the string against the fingerboard without the intervention of the right hand; and so on.
Koshkin's most celebrated guitar work is "Usher-Waltz." a piece inspired by the Edgar Allan Poe story "The Fall of the House of Usher", in which Poe wrote, "I listened, as if in a dream, to the wild improvisations of his speaking guitar." Koshkin's piece was written for the famed guitarist Vladislav Blaha. Cast in a single movement, it is a motoric waltz whose careering harmonic progression around A minor threatens, and ultimately succeeds, in tearing the music apart. Its climax is an extraordinarily effective sequence of pounded right-hand chords, 'Bartók pizzicato' (where the strings are deliberately snapped back against the fingerboard), and then ghostly harmonics. Like much of Koshkin's work it has an immediate appeal to a wide audience who are both astonished at the visceral impact of the piece, and at the range of sounds coaxed from the guitar, which sounds "bigger than it really is". It was made famous by John Williams' performance, in the 'Seville Concert' CD, in 1993. Other famous performers of Koshkin's work include The Assad Duo and The Zagreb and Amsterdam Trios.
His set of variations "The Porcelain Tower" is another substantial and rewarding work for listeners, and for players of good intermediate or advanced standard, as is the "Andante quasi Passacaglia e Toccata: The Fall of Birds" (composed in 1978).
Besides writing works for solo guitar, Koshkin has composed guitar-ensemble music as well; in addition to numerous pieces for guitar duo, he has written two works for guitar quartet: "Changing the Guard" (1994), and "Suite for Four Guitars" (composed for the Georgia Guitar Quartet, 2007).
Early life.
Koshkin received his first guitar from his grandfather, along with a recording of Segovia's, which inspired him to become a guitarist, despite his parents forecasting a diplomatic career for him.
Koshkin studied classical guitar at The Moscow College of Music, under Georgi Emanov, and later at the Gnessin Institute under Alexander Frauchi, with compositional teaching from Victor Egorov.

</doc>
<doc id="2840582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840582" title="Walter Taylor (archaeologist)">
Walter Taylor (archaeologist)

Walter Willard Taylor, Jr. (1913 – 1997) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist most famous for his work at Coahuila in Mexico and his "Conjunctive archaeology", a method of studying the past combining elements of both the traditional archaeology of the period and the allied field of anthropology. This was exemplified by his work "A Study of Archeology".
Life.
Taylor was born in Chicago, but he grew up in Greenwich, Connecticut and attended The Hotchkiss School. Although studying geology, while at Yale University Taylor became interested in anthropology and archaeology. He graduated in 1935, and that summer began working for the Museum of Northern Arizona in Flagstaff, where he was influenced by the holistic environmental philosophy of Lyndon Hargrave.
After three years in the field, he enrolled for a Ph.D. in anthropology at Harvard in 1938. When World War II broke out, Taylor enlisted in the U.S. Marines, serving in Europe and being parachuted into enemy territory to assist local resistance groups. He was captured and badly wounded in 1944 and was not released from a German prisoner-of-war camp until the end of the war in Europe. During his imprisonment, he began teaching anthropology to his fellow prisoners. He earned a Purple Heart and Bronze Star and remained a captain until 1955.
After the war Taylor moved around the United States until settling in Carbondale, Illinois, in 1958, where he began working at Southern Illinois University's Department of Anthropology. 
He also taught at the University of Texas, the University of Washington, Mexico City College, and Mexico's National School of Anthropology and History. He carried out investigations at sites in Arizona, New Mexico, Georgia, Mexico, and Spain, before retiring in 1974.
Ideas.
Taylor saw archaeology as an integrated discipline, combining the study of diet, settlement patterns, tools and other elements to provide a holistic view of the past. His conjunctive approach attempted to determine cultural context by connecting the correlated patterns in the archaeological record to patterns of culture. This approach, along with his open and specific criticism of leading archaeologists of his day, caused dismay among many archaeologists at the time but is now a standard practice in the discipline. Taylor was one of the first to loudly decry the descriptive, historical approaches in the field. However, Patty Jo Watson said that Taylor's purpose "was not to generate ill will but rather to stimulate examination...of aims, goals and purposes by American archaeologists."
Taylor's work anticipated by many years the efforts of the "New Archaeologists" of the 1960s, and "A Study of Archeology" remains in print.

</doc>
<doc id="2840584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840584" title="Alon Cohen">
Alon Cohen

Alon Cohen (born in Israel, 1962) is the co-founder of VocalTec Inc. (1989) and the inventor of the Audio Transceiver () that enabled the creation of Voice Over Networks products and eventually the VoIP industry, that changed the face of the telecommunication industry. Cohen holds 4 US patents on different communications technologies. He is currently Executive VP and CTO at Phone.com.
Achievements.
Alon Cohen is the co-founder of VocalTec Communications Inc. (1989), an Israli hi-tech company recognized as the pioneer of the VoIP industry. He is also the inventor of the Audio Transceiver (U.S. Patent 5,825,771) that enabled the creation of Voice Over Networks products and eventually the VoIP industry, that changed the face of the telecommunication industry. Cohen holds 5 US patents on different communications technologies.
VocalTec is recognized as the first company to provide Internet voice technology worldwide, which in 1996 was one of the earliest successful Internet IPOs (NASDAQ: vocl).
According to Om Malik, "Two entrepreneurs barely out of their teens, Lior Haramaty and Alon Cohen, founded VocalTec Communications in 1993 based on the promise of packet voice technology they observed as members of the Israel Defense Forces... the idea of commercializing packet voice did not occur to anyone until the arrival of Lior and Alon."
After leaving VocalTec Cohen founded and managed a successful series of business ventures, including BitWine and RemoteAbility. He currently serves as Executive Vice President and CTO at Phone.com.
Cohen is a frequent speaker at top industry conferences, serves on technical advisory boards or as a mentor of several companies and is also an expert witness in VoIP patent litigation trials.
Cohen also has an active blog where he writes about technology and innovations.
Honors.
The recipient of many awards and accolades for his innovative work including the “VoIP Visionary Award” (2005) from Jeff Pulver's Pulvermedia.
Cohen was also named, by “The Marker”, the leading Israeli Business Newspaper, as one of the “100 Most Influential Israelis” in Israel’s High Technology history in September 2005.
Cohen represented the State of Israel in the United Nations negotiations of the ITU Study Group 16 for the development and ratification of global VoIP standards.
Cohen also holds 4 US patents on different communications technologies and co authored more as part of VocalTec.
Education.
Cohen received an MBA and BSC.EE from Tel Aviv University, both Magna Cum Laude.
Personal.
Cohen resides in New Jersey with his wife and two sons.
References.
Phone.com

</doc>
<doc id="2840585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840585" title="Denby">
Denby

Denby is a village in the English county of Derbyshire that is notable as the birthplace of John Flamsteed, England's first Astronomer Royal, and the location of the Denby Pottery Company.
Description.
There is a memorial garden for John Flamsteed; opposite St Mary's church, which features the stellarsphere which shows the position of the stars and planets overhead at the current time.
Denby is three miles south-east from Belper and eight miles north of Derby. Denby is home to a secondary school which is named after John Flamsteed. It was once served by Denby railway station on the Midland Railway Ripley Branch.
The village is commemorated in the hymn tune Denby, composed in 1904 by Charles J. Dale.
Notable people.
In addition to John Flamsteed:

</doc>
<doc id="2840588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840588" title="Corn construction">
Corn construction

Corn construction refers to the use of corn (maize) in construction.
The tassel, leaf, silk, cob in husks, and the stalk are the parts of corn.
According to the Michigan Department of Agriculture, "corn can be made into fuel, abrasives, solvents, charcoal, animal feed, bedding for animals, insulation, adhesives, and more. The kernel is used as oil, bran, starch, glutamates, animal feed, and solvents. The silk is combined with other parts of the corn plant to be used as part of animal feed, silage, and fuels. Husks are made into dolls and used as filling materials. The stalk is used to make paper, wallboard, silage, syrup, and rayon (artificial silk)."
History.
Corn has long been used in manufacturing. There were a number innovations in the United States in the early 1900s. For example, Henry Ford's conceptual Model U car featured tires with corn-based filler and a corn-based fabric roof.
The Corn Palace, a building in Mitchell, South Dakota, is decorated with murals and designs made from corn and other grains.
Materials.
Husks.
The outer husk of corn can be used to make corn husk dolls, txalaparta musical instruments, and other crafts. Husks are used as the wrapper for tamales. It is also used in South American countries as a cigarette rolling 'paper'.
Corncobs.
Corncobs, the core of corn ears, are very absorbent. They have been used to make inexpensive smoking pipes, and to transport various materials. Ground corn cobs make an effective blasting media, are friendly to the environment, and delicate while maintaining abrasive capacity.
Corncobs are increasingly being used as a low-cost, environmentally friendly insulation material for houses.
Cornstarch.
Goodyear BioTRED tires are made using a biologic polymer derived from cornstarch as the filler.
Corn kernels.
Corn kernel burning stoves have found increasing popularity following the rise in natural gas and fuel oil prices. Large corn furnaces are capable of heating any size building, and fueling generators to produce electricity. Corn kernels are a natural pellet, which makes corn less expensive and more readily available than wood byproduct pellets. Manufactured pellets sold out in 2005, while corn is readily available for a much better price. Heat savings go up to 75% over natural gas or fuel oil.
Plastics.
Recently, corn has been used to make biodegradable containers. Corn can be used to create non-petroleum plastic, which is often compostable.

</doc>
<doc id="2840589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840589" title="Joe Messina">
Joe Messina

Joe Messina (born in Detroit, Michigan on 13 December 1928) is an American guitarist. Dubbed the "white brother with soul", Messina was one of the most prolific guitarists in Motown Records' in-house studio band, the Funk Brothers.
Messina started playing guitar as an adolescent. By his mid-twenties, Messina was playing in the ABC Television studio band, accompanying guests that included Sonny Stitt, Charlie Parker, Stan Getz, Jack Teagarden, Lee Konitz, Jimmy Giuffre, Pepper Adams, Donald Byrd, Eddie (LockJaw) Davis, Frank Rosolino and Dizzy Gillespie, among others.
Also while at ABC, he played on the nationally televised "Soupy Sales" Show alongside notable guests such as Miles Davis and Charlie Parker.
In 1958, Motown Records founder Berry Gordy recruited Messina for his Hitsville U.S.A. studio musicians group, known as the Funk Brothers. In the 1960s and early 1970s, they recorded the instrumentals for hundreds of Motown hit records. During this time, Messina worked with performers such as Diana Ross & the Supremes, The Temptations, Marvin Gaye, The Four Tops, Stevie Wonder, and Smokey Robinson & the Miracles. Among Messina's most notable performances are his turns on hits such as "Dancing in the Street" (Martha & the Vandellas, 1964), "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)" (Four Tops, 1965), and "Your Precious Love" (Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell, 1967).
Messina is the creator of an alternative music technique known as "The Interval Study Method", which uses the chromatic and diatonic scales to create music. He still resides in Detroit, where he performs as a jazz musician. On March 21, 2013, the Funk Brothers were awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame. The Funk Brothers were also the subject of the 2002 documentary Standing in the Shadows of Motown.
Among Messina's influences are Charlie Parker, Les Paul, and George Barnes. In his early days, Messina played a Gibson L5 guitar, and later moved over to an early 1960s Fender Telecaster with a Jazzmaster neck strung with flatwound strings.

</doc>
<doc id="2840590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840590" title="USS Cimarron">
USS Cimarron

USS "Cimarron" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2840592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840592" title="List of archaeological sites and dismantled stave churches">
List of archaeological sites and dismantled stave churches

List of archaeological sites and dismantled stave churches in northern Europe. The list is still not complete, and will be continually revised as traces of churches are found all the time.
Denmark
Iceland
Norway
Sweden

</doc>
<doc id="2840594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840594" title="Pat Morris (musician)">
Pat Morris (musician)

Patrick ("Pat") Morris (b. 1972, South Africa) is a bass guitarist.
Morris was a founding member of the math rock pioneers Don Caballero. Also played guitar in the Northern Bushmen and bass in Six Horse. All three bands were based in the steel city of Pittsburgh, PA.
He is currently a member of The Poison Arrows with Justin Sinkovich and Adam Reach out of Chicago, IL.

</doc>
<doc id="2840597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840597" title="List of industrial parks by size">
List of industrial parks by size

List of industrial parks or estates by land area:

</doc>
<doc id="2840598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840598" title="The Next Life">
The Next Life

The Next Life is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is the culmination of the "Divergent Universe" saga.
Plot.
Washed up on a beach on a beautiful island, the Eighth Doctor is rescued by a strangely familiar woman named Perfection and begins a journey to discover the dark secret at the heart of his exile to the Divergent Universe — and the return of an old enemy that could hold the key to its end.
Continuity.
This marks the last of the Divergent Universe stories which began with "Scherzo". It also marks the last appearance of the villain Kro'ka.

</doc>
<doc id="2840599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840599" title="Alta de Lisboa">
Alta de Lisboa

Alta de Lisboa (in English, "uptown Lisbon") is a Portuguese community on the northern edge of Lisbon. The community covers an area of roughly 3 square kilometres (740 acres).
Urban renewal.
The community is the result of an urban renewal project in Europe. It is being developed by an international consortium known as Sociedade Gestora da Alta de Lisboa, or SGAL. The project, which involves an investment of approximately 200 million euros each year, is set for completion in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2840619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840619" title="Apeejay School, Sheikh Sarai">
Apeejay School, Sheikh Sarai

Apeejay School in Sheikh Sarai, New Delhi is one of a number of private K-12 (primary and secondary) Apeejay Schools, which are located in India and run by the Apeejay Education Society. The school is near Panchsheel Park on one end and Malviya Nagar at the other end. The colors of the school are Grey, Green, Black and Blue
The school is located in the heart of South Delhi, near the Panchsheel Park area. The school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). Its motto is 'Soaring High is My Nature', and depicts a kite taking flight.
History.
The school was established in 1975 to cater to the educational needs of the children in the southern part of the Metropolis, Delhi. The foundation stone of the school was laid on 14 December 1975 by Mrs. Sushma Berlia daughter of the late Sh. Stya Paul. It now on a campus.
Affiliation.
The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) for its All India Secondary and Senior Secondary Examinations and is a member of the National Progressive Schools Conference. There are classes from Nursery to XII with several sections.

</doc>
<doc id="2840620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840620" title="Tamil Nadu Forward Bloc">
Tamil Nadu Forward Bloc

Tamil Nadu Forward Bloc was a political party in Tamil Nadu, India. The party was founded in 1981 through the merger of National Forward Bloc and Pasumpon Forward Bloc. by C. Ayyanan Ambalam, following a split from the National Forward Bloc (NFB).
In 1983, the party suffered a severe split. One section of the party rallied around P.K. Muruthamalingam and formed the Democratic Forward Bloc. Another group, led by K. Kandasamy broke away and formed the All India Forward Bloc (Kandasamy). The rump TNFB was led by C. Ayyanan Ambalam.

</doc>
<doc id="2840635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840635" title="Leicester Guildhall">
Leicester Guildhall

The Guildhall in Leicester, England, is a Grade I listed timber framed building, with the earliest part dating from c. 1390. The Guildhall once acted as the town hall for the city until the current one was commissioned in 1876.
Although some parts are earlier, the majority of the building dates from the 15th century. It is located in the old walled city, on a street now known as Guildhall Lane. It was used first as the meeting place for the Guild of Corpus Christi and then later for the more formal Corporation of Leicester. The hall was used for many purposes, including council meetings, feasts, as a courtroom, and for theatrical performances; the ultimatum given to the city during English Civil War was discussed here.
History.
The Great Hall was built around 1390 as the meeting place of the Guild of Corpus Christi; the guild was a group of businessmen and gentry who had religious connections. The Guildhall was used for banquets, festivals, and as a home for a priest who prayed for the souls of Guild members in the nearby St Martin's Church. The Corporation of Leicester bought the Guildhall by the end of the 14th century.
During the English Civil War the Mayor and corporation received a demand from Prince Rupert for £2000. The decision was made at the Guildhall to offer a loan of £500 and made an appeal to King Charles I. In May 1645 the King in attempt to divert attention away from Oxford positioned an army of 6,000 men outside the city walls on 29 May 1645. Again important decisions regarding the fate of the city were to be decided in the Guildhall. On 30 May 1645 the Royalist Army made demand after demand to the city, who played for time. In the end Prince Rupert attacked at 3:00 pm. The City walls were breached, and the last stand made by the defenders outside the Guildhall and St Martins. The Royalists then entered the Guildhall looting the town's archives, and mace and seal. The Royalist victory was reversed a couple of weeks later with the defeat at Naseby.
Records also show that entertainment expenses were paid for such items as wine, beer for Oliver Cromwell. Although this does not prove Oliver Cromwell stayed at the Guildhall, it is highly probable that he visited several times. The coat of arms of King Charles I can be seen today inside the Mayor's Parlour.
It is reputed that William Shakespeare appeared here. In recognition of this, the television company, Maya Vision, brought the Royal Shakespeare Company to perform at the Guildhall as part of its 2003 series for the BBC, "In Search of Shakespeare", written and narrated by the historian, Michael Wood. Part of the Shakespeare legend is that Shakespeare first came across the tale of King Leir whilst appearing at the Guildhall and this inspired him to write his own play "King Lear". There is, however, no actual evidence to support this, although the legend of King Leir is associated with Leicester.
The Guildhall was a place of the third oldest public library in England. It was established in 1632, when the town library was moved into the east wing of the building. The books in the collection include New Testament in Greek from 15th century. Most books are on display in the present time.
Leicester's first police force had its station in the Guildhall from 1836. There were police cells on the ground floor of the east wing.
The Guildhall was retained in use until quite late. It was not until 1876 that the Corporation moved to the new Leicester Town Hall. Apart from the police station, it was later used as a school. However, the building was becoming increasingly dilapidated, and by the 1920s there were plans to demolish the building. After the intervention of the Leicestershire Archaeological and Historical Society, the council began restoration work on the building, finishing it in 1926, when the Guildhall was opened as a museum.
Status.
The Guildhall is a Grade I Listed Building, and the surrounding area, also including the Cathedral of St Martin's, is a conservation area, one of three in Leicester.
Present day.
The Guildhall is used as a performance venue as well as a museum. It is managed by Leicester City Museums on behalf of Leicester City Council. It is currently also used as a venue for musical performances. At a press conference on 4 February 2013 it was confirmed that Archaeologists had discovered Richard III's remain in the nearby Greyfriars 'Car Park'. There are plans to re-fit the former Alderman Newton's Greencoat School building, close to the grave site, as a permanent Richard III museum, to open in 2014 . Until then, an exhibition on the investigation will be open in the Guildhall.
Ghosts.
With five reported ghosts, the Guildhall is reputedly Leicester's most haunted building. Because of its reported hauntings, it has appeared on various TV programmes, including being investigated on the television show "Most Haunted". Members of the public can also investigate the ghostly goings on at the Guildhall as it has become a popular place for several paranormal companies who hold overnight events there.

</doc>
<doc id="2840637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840637" title="Susan Blow">
Susan Blow

Susan Elizabeth Blow (June 7, 1843 in Carondelet, St. Louis, Missouri – March 27, 1916 in New York City, New York) was a United States educator who opened the first successful public Kindergarten in the United States. She is known as the "Mother of Kindergarten".
Early life.
The eldest of six children, Susan Blow was the daughter of Henry Taylor Blow and Minerva Grimsley. Henry owned various lead-mining operations, was president of the Iron Mountain Railroad, was a state senator, and was a minister to Brazil and Venezuela. Minerva was the daughter of a prominent manufacturer and local politician. The Blow children grew up in a deeply religious family surrounded by comfort, wealth, and high German culture. Her grandfather was Captain Peter Blow, the owner of the slave Dred Scott, who later challenged the slavery issue in court.
Due to her family's social status, Blow received her education from her parents, various governesses, private tutors, and schools. At age eight, she was enrolled at the William McCauley School in New Orleans, Louisiana; she attended classes there for the next two years. At age sixteen Blow and her sister Nellie enrolled in the New York school of Henrietta Haines but were forced to return home due to the outbreak of the Civil War. During this time Blow tutored her younger brothers and sister and taught Sunday school at Carondelet Presbyterian Church.
At age twenty, Blow met and fell in love with a soldier named Colonel William Coyle, but her parents found him to be unsuitable. When Coyle was discharged for medical reasons, her father took her to Washington D.C. and introduced her to another military man who was more to his liking. However, Blow chose not to marry.
President Ulysses S. Grant appointed Henry Blow minister to Brazil in 1869, and Susan went with him as his secretary. During the next fifteen months, she quickly learned Portuguese. Her bilingual ability helped to ease trade communications between Brazil and the United States.
In 1870, along with her mother and siblings, Blow went abroad to Europe; while there she began studying the philosophies of Hegel and the American Transcendentalists. However, while abroad she came across the kindergarten teaching methods of German idealist and philosopher Friedrich Fröbel. Fröbel believed in "learning-through-play" and cognitive development.
Career.
In 1871 Blow traveled to New York, where she spent a year being trained at the New York Normal Training Kindergarten, operated by Fröbel devotee Maria Kraus-Boelté. Blow returned to St. Louis in 1873 and opened the nation’s first public kindergarten in Des Peres School in (Carondelet,) St. Louis, Missouri. With the help of her two assistants, Mary Timberlake and Cynthia Dozier, Blow directed and taught a kindergarten class consisting of forty-two students. Not only did she pay all expenses to keep the kindergarten running that first year, she was not compensated for her hard work and dedication. The experimental class was a success and quickly grew. Within three years, her kindergarten system had fifty teachers and over one thousand students, and by 1883 every public school in St. Louis had a kindergarten.
Blow was able to open her school, in part, thanks to the support she received from William Torrey Harris, the superintendent of schools in St. Louis. Harris believed the greatest educational concern of the time was the amount of young children who dropped out of school. Blow believed a kindergarten system would improve the dropout rate, for children would be starting school at an earlier age. Although he originally resisted the idea of a public program, he was persuaded by the school board’s support of Blow, her background, and her proposal to direct the program herself.
In 1874 Blow opened a training school to accommodate the in-demand kindergarten teachers. Those in training spent mornings volunteering in the kindergarten classes and afternoons and weekends studying Fröbel’s ideas. Through her work, Blow played a significant role in the history and development of early childhood education. 
For her pioneering work Blow was recognized with a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.
Later life.
Only ten years after opening her training school Blow withdrew from teaching due to Graves' disease, which is a form of hyperthyroidism. She retired in 1886 until 1895, at which time she began to lecture again in Boston, Massachusetts. She also conducted classes about the Bible, Shakespeare, Dante, Homer, and Goethe.
Blow worked with the Kindergarten Association, along with teaching at the Teachers' College of Columbia University from 1905-1909. She developed the course known as "History of Philosophy and Education." The years leading up to her death were spent near her sister, Nellie, in New York City. She died in March 1916 in New York City. Most references state she died on March 26, but her tombstone at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis declares she died on March 27. At the time of her death, the "St. Louis Globe-Democrat" wrote, “A great commander is gone, but the soldiers will go marching on.”
Writings.
Blow served on the advisory committee for the International Kindergarten Union and Committee of Nineteen and translated two volumes of Fröbel’s "Mother Play" in 1895. She also wrote articles in the ‘’Kindergarten Magazine’’. Below is a list of Blow’s published works:

</doc>
<doc id="2840638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840638" title="Bryan–Chamorro Treaty">
Bryan–Chamorro Treaty

The Bryan–Chamorro Treaty was signed on August 5, 1914 under the approval of the Wilson administration. The Wilson administration changed the treaty by adding a provision similar in language to that of the Platt Amendment, which would have authorized U.S. military intervention in Nicaragua. The United States Senate opposed the new provision; in response, it was dropped and the treaty was formally ratified on June 19, 1916.
From 1912 to 1925, the United States had amicable relations with the Nicaraguan government because of friendly conservative party presidents Adolfo Diaz, Emiliano Chamorro, and Diego Manuel Chamorro. In exchange for political concessions from the presidents, the United States provided the military strength to ensure the Nicaraguan government internal stability.
The Treaty was named after the principal negotiators:William Jennings Bryan, U. S. Secretary of State; and then General Emiliano Chamorro, representing the Nicaraguan government. By the terms of the Treaty, the United States acquired the rights to any canal built in Nicaragua in perpetuity, a renewable ninety-nine-year option to establish a naval base in the Gulf of Fonseca, and a renewable ninety-nine-year lease to the Great and Little Corn Islands in the Caribbean. For these concessions, Nicaragua received three million dollars.
Most of the three million dollars was paid back to foreign creditors by the United States officials in charge of Nicaraguan financial affairs. This allowed the Nicaraguan government to avoid having to pay from its internal revenue the loans it acquired from foreign banks. This debt was amassed by the Nicaraguan government for internal development due to the devastation inflicted from several civil wars waged years prior.
The United States and Nicaragua held a convention on July 14, 1970 that officially abolished the treaty and all its provisions.
Intended impact.
At various times since the Panama Canal opened in 1914, the Nicaragua route has been reconsidered. Its construction would shorten the water distance between New York and San Francisco by nearly . The Bryan–Chamorro Treaty kept Nicaragua from competing with the Panama Canal.
Unintended impact.
The provision of the Bryan–Chamorro Treaty granting rights to United States in the Corn Islands was contested by El Salvador and Costa Rica. The Central American Court of Justice saw in the favor of the two countries. The United States ignored the decision, contributing significantly to the court's collapse in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="2840639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840639" title="Andreas Jakobsson">
Andreas Jakobsson

Bo Janne Andreas Jakobsson (born 6 October 1972) is a Swedish professional football player in the defender position and the defensive midfielder. He has played 36 international matches for the Sweden national team, and was a squad player for the 2002 FIFA World Cup and the 2004 European Championship.
Playing career.
Born in Lund and raised in Teckomatorp, Jakobsson started his senior career as a central defender for nearby club Landskrona BoIS in 1990. He helped Landskrona win promotion for the top-flight Swedish Allsvenskan championship in 1993. Landskrona were relegated again following the 1994 Allsvenskan season, and Jakobsson moved on to Allsvenskan club Helsingborgs IF. He instantly commanded a place in Helsingborg's starting line-up, and made his debut for the Swedish national team in February 1996. Together with Ola Nilsson, he formed the strongest central defence in Allsvenskan for several years and in, 1999, HIF was finally able to win Allsvenskan after 58 years of waiting. Without the solid defence controlled by Jakobsson, many doubt it would have been possible.
After winning the 1999 Allsvenskan championship with HIF, he moved abroad to play for F.C. Hansa Rostock in the German Bundesliga in the summer 2000. He played three seasons at Rostock, missing only three of 102 league games for the club. He was called up for the Swedish squad for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, and played full time in all four Swedish games before elimination. In July 2003, Jakobsson left Rostock to play for Brøndby IF in the Danish Superliga. He was selected to represent Sweden at the 2004 European Championship, and played full time in the tournament, as Sweden reached the quarter-finals. 
He played five games in the 2004–05 Superliga, which Brøndby would go on to win, before moving to English club Southampton F.C. in the FA Premier League, scoring twice against Crystal Palace and Middlesbrough. At the end of the season, Southampton were relegated, and Jakobsson returned to play for Helsingborgs IF. After the 2007 season, he will retire and play for Svalövs BK in the seventh division.

</doc>
<doc id="2840646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840646" title="Wallachian Plain">
Wallachian Plain

The Romanian Plain () is located in southern Romania and the easternmost tip of Serbia, where it is known as the "Wallachian Plain" (). Part of the historical region of Wallachia, it is bordered by the Danube River in the east, south and west, and by the Getic Plateau in the north. Bucharest, the capital of Romania, is located in the central part of the Romanian Plain. It is contiguous to the south with the Danubian Plain (), in Bulgaria. This area is also sometimes referred to as the Danubian Plain "(Câmpia Dunării)" in Romanian, though this designation is not specific, because the Danube flows through a number of plains along its course, such as the Hungarian Plain (which is called Danubian Plain in Slovakia and Serbia) as well as the Bavarian Lowland, also called Danubian plain.
Subdivisions (W-E).
In Romania, the plain is divided into five subdivisions and the Danube Valley:
In Romania, the plain is divided into five subdivisions and the Danube Valley:

</doc>
<doc id="2840647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840647" title="Caerdroia (audio drama)">
Caerdroia (audio drama)

Caerdroia is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is part of the "Divergent Universe" saga which continued until "The Next Life".
Plot.
In self-exile, the Eighth Doctor has been trying to work out meaning of the cosmic game he has been forced to play. With the answer within his grasp, can he finally beat the Kro'ka and get his TARDIS back?

</doc>
<doc id="2840648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840648" title="Barrs Court">
Barrs Court

Barrs Court is a suburb on the east side of Bristol (UK), located near Longwell Green and Kingswood.
Barrs Court is a new housing estate, but has some previous history surrounding its local moat, a site designated as an ancient monument.
Barrs Court has one school (Barrs Court Primary), a large Asda Hypermarket and a leisure area called Aspects with a multiplex Vue cinema, Bowlplex centre, gym, four restaurants and two pubs. All these businesses claim to be in the better known, and larger, Longwell Green, but all are geographically Barrs Court.
The history.
Barrs Court Moat was initially part of Kingswood Chase, a royal hunting forest (successor to the larger forest of Kingswood, deforested in 1228). The name comes from Lady Jane Barre who owned the land in the mid 15th Century. The moat itself borders a range of old ruins, these are of the large mansion owned by the Newton family, this stood until around 1740.
One corner of the moat is now in-filled. Following the demolition of the mansion a farmhouse was developed from what was originally the outbuildings of the original mansion house. One of these original outbuildings, the large cruciform barn, was converted in the late 1980s into a public house.
There are a number of fine monuments in Bristol Cathedral to the Newton family.

</doc>
<doc id="2840652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840652" title="Benjamin Zymler">
Benjamin Zymler

Benjamin Zymler was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1956 and is based in Brasilia. He is a graduate of the Military Institute of Engineering and of Law. He has written extensively on the subject of audit and public oversight in government. He currently serves as a Minister - Controller General in the General Audit and Control Court, the Federal body responsible for the oversight of all Brazilian public accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="2840662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840662" title="Desh Sevak Party">
Desh Sevak Party

The Desh Sevak Party was a political party in India. It was led by veteran leaders of the Indian National Army, General Mohan Singh and Col. Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon. In October 1949 it merged with the All India Forward Bloc. Singh became the Forward Bloc chairman of AIFB and Dhillon the general secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="2840675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840675" title="Moshe Breslover">
Moshe Breslover

Moshe Breslover was the nickname given to Rabbi Moshe Lubarski (d. 1890?), one of the closest disciples of Nathan of Breslov ("Reb Noson"), who in turn was the closest disciple of Rebbe Nachman of Breslov. After Reb Noson's death in 1844, Lubarski became a leading figure in the Breslover community and taught many people, including Rabbi Shimshon Barski and Rabbi Yisroel Halpern.
Biography.
According to Breslover tradition, Lubarski and his brother, Reb Zanvil, were born as a result of a blessing that Reb Noson gave to their childless mother. She and her husband took care of one of the mikvahs in the town of Breslov, Ukraine. They often provided warm water and towels for Reb Noson to use each night when he arose for Tikkun Chatzot (the Midnight Lament). During the 1830s, when opposition against Reb Noson flared in the town of Breslov, Reb Noson's opponents tried to stop the caretakers from assisting him. They refused, which led to a boycott of their mikvah and resultant financial loss. Lubarski's mother appealed for relief to Reb Noson. Unable to help her with money, Reb Noson offered her a blessing instead. When he heard that she and her husband were childless, he blessed them with children. Reb Moshe and Reb Zanvil were born thereafter.
Lubarski's faith in his mentor was so strong that he followed Reb Noson's guidance and teachings in all cases. Once his house was robbed, but instead of going out to find the thief, he repaired to the study hall, opened a copy of Reb Noson's "Likutey Halachot", and began to study the laws and discourses on stealing. Soon afterward, his possessions were returned to him.
Lubarski settled in Tcherin, a small town in eastern Ukraine, after his marriage, where he conversed daily with Reb Avraham Ber, the grandson of Rebbe Nachman and a follower of Reb Noson. Once, Reb Avraham Ber's father-in-law asked to speak with Lubarski as well. Awestruck, Lubarski protested, "What can I say to you about serving God? You knew the Rebbe!" Reb Avraham Ber's father-in-law replied, "Believe me, you learned more about Rebbe Nachman through Reb Noson than I know even from Rebbe Nachman himself!"

</doc>
<doc id="2840678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840678" title="European Patent Institute">
European Patent Institute

The Institute of Professional Representatives before the European Patent Office, also known as European Patent Institute (epi), is a professional association of European patent attorneys and an international non-governmental public law corporation. It was founded on October 21, 1977 by the Administrative Council of the European Patent Organisation. All European patent attorneys, i.e. all persons entitled to act as professional representatives before the EPO (by virtue of either the European qualifying examination or the provisions of ), are members of the Institute. 
The European Patent Institute publishes a quarterly journal, the "epi Information" ().

</doc>
<doc id="2840685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840685" title="Vikuiti">
Vikuiti

Vikuiti is a 3M Company brand name devoted to optical technology enhancing products.
The brand was launched in 1997 and is mainly known in the LCD display market. 3M became a market leader by being the first company to introduce prismatic brightness enhancement films (Vikuiti BEF), followed by multilayer based reflective polarizer films (Vikuiti DBEF). These products enable more energy efficient use of the backlight to increase display brightness, thus extending the battery life of portable devices such as cell phones and laptops.
In 2003 3M started to copromote the brand with several LCD television manufacturers to the consumer market. Currently the most promoted Vikuiti product categories are Vikuiti Anti-Reflection films, Enhanced Specular Reflector (ESR) films, Clear Card film, Display Protection films, Light Control films, Prism films, projection screens, reflective polarizers, and reflective and transflective display film. 
In 2007 the most important product categories under the brand name Vikuiti are Vikuiti Display Enhancement films (AR series anti-reflective films, PF and XRVS series privacy filters and IR series infra red filters); Vikuiti Projection Display Components (RPS series rear projection screens and RPF series rear projection films) and Vikuiti Super Close Projection products (DMS series projectors).
The brand name is a portmanteau of the words “visual” and “acuity”, and is pronounced "vie-CUE-ah-tee". From 2009, Vikuiti is sold in the US through master distributor, Spyeglass.
In March 2010, 3M Optical Systems Division stopped naming new optical films Vikuiti at the request of 3M's CEO George Buckley.

</doc>
<doc id="2840691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840691" title="Aird">
Aird

Aird may refer to:
Other.
Aird is also part of the following names:

</doc>
<doc id="2840699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840699" title="Aird, Lewis">
Aird, Lewis

Aird (Gaelic: Àird an Rubha) is a village in the Scottish council area of Eileanan Siar (Western Isles). It is located on the Eye Peninsula in the east coast of the Isle of Lewis. There is a shop/post office, and Aird Primary School serves the local area including the villages of Portvoller, Portnaguran, Broker and Flesherin.
Aird is also the location of the annual Point Show, held in July each year.

</doc>
<doc id="2840700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840700" title="Schrock">
Schrock

Schrock or Schröck is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2840705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840705" title="Miredo">
Miredo

Miredo is a Teredo tunneling client designed to allow full IPv6 connectivity to computer systems which are on the IPv4-based Internet but which have no direct native connection to an IPv6 network.
Miredo is included in many Linux and BSD distributions and is also available for recent versions of Mac OS X. (Discontinued)
It includes working implementations of:
Released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Miredo is free software.

</doc>
<doc id="2840714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840714" title="USS Gridley (DD-380)">
USS Gridley (DD-380)

The second USS "Gridley" (DD-380) was the lead ship of her class of destroyers in the United States Navy. She was named for Charles Vernon Gridley. She served with distinction in the Pacific Theater during the Second World War and shared in the sinking of a Japanese submarine.
History.
"Gridley" fitted out at Boston Navy Yard, and conducted shakedown in the Caribbean area until 27 October 1938, visiting Puerto Rico, Cuba, and Venezuela. She then underwent alterations at the Boston Navy Yard until 13 June 1938, when she departed that port, transited the Panama Canal, and entered San Diego harbor 5 July 1938. Joining Destroyer Division 11, "Gridley" spent the next months in tactical maneuvers off the coast of California, and 4 January 1939 departed with the Battle Force for combined maneuvers in the Caribbean. She participated in Fleet Problem 20 with the Fleet off Cuba and Haiti, after which she returned to Boston for repairs.
The destroyer again sailed into San Diego 13 July 1939 and became flagship of Division 11. She conducted maneuvers off California until 2 April 1940, when "Gridley" and other ships of the fleet conducted Fleet Problem 21 in Hawaiian waters. Subsequently, "Gridley" operated out of Hawaii.
World War II.
"Gridley" cleared Pearl Harbor 28 November 1941 as part of the antisubmarine screen for famed carrier Enterprise, flagship of Admiral Halsey, and after a stop at Wake Island, reversed course for Pearl Harbor. The Task Force was approaching that base on the morning of 7 December when the astounding message heralding the beginning of the war was received: "Air raid on Pearl Harbor, this is no drill." "Gridley" entered the harbor next day to help protect against renewed attack, and during the next 5 months was occupied escorting transports and repair vessels to and from Pearl Harbor and South Pacific ports. Her last such voyage was completed 27 May 1942 and 5 June 1942 she arrived at Kodiak, Alaska, with cruiser "Nashville". In the Alaskan theater, "Gridley" escorted transports and patrolled the Japanese-held islands of Kiska and Attu, assisting in the bombardment of Kiska 7 August 1942. She acted during this period as flagship for famous destroyerman Comdr. Frederick Moosbrugger.
Departing Dutch Harbor 25 September 1942, "Gridley" joined the "Saratoga" task force in Hawaiian waters and later performed escort missions for both combatant and non-combatant ships in the Fijis and New Hebrides. In December 1942 she escorted oiler "Cimarron" out of Noumea to fueling rendezvous with the carrier task forces supporting the bitter fighting in the Solomons. Shifting her base of operations to Purvis Bay, in the Solomons, 13 July, "Gridley" guarded the high-speed transports which rescued survivors from "Helena" in Parasco Bay 16 July 1943, and teamed with destroyer "Maury" to escort infantry landing craft from Guadalcanal for the landings on Tambatuni, New Georgia. She bombarded shore installations near the invasion beaches 25 July and screened the ships supporting the landing. In company with six other destroyers she destroyed Japanese landing barges in Vella Gulf 10 August, and screened "Saratoga" during air operations in the Solomons until 25 August.
"Gridley" returned to Pearl Harbor with escort carriers "Suwanee" and "Long Island" 4 September 1943 and then departed for San Diego, where she remained for repairs 11 September to 26 October 1943. The Gilbert Islands were her next destination, and "Gridley" left Pearl Harbor once more 10 November 1943 for Makin Island. She assisted in the bombardment of that island, screened aircraft carriers, and then conducted independent patrol in the area until setting course for Hawaii 1 December.
1944.
Vice Admiral Marc A. Mitscher's Carrier Task Force 58 departed Pearl Harbor 18 January 1944 for the great offensive in the Marshall Islands, with "Gridley" again acting as screening ship for "Saratoga". "Gridley" guarded the carrier during the crucial strikes against Wotje and Eniwetok, and 8 March sailed for the New Hebrides with carriers "Yorktown", "Princeton", and "Langley", assisting them in support of the developing New Guinea offensive. The veteran destroyer sailed with the "Hornet" task force 7 June 1944 to take part in the invasion of the Marianas, where the carriers pounded Saipan, Rota, and Guam. In all these operations "Gridley" and her sister destroyers rendered invaluable service protecting the carriers against air and submarine attack.
"Gridley" was with American forces in the pivotal Battle of the Philippine Sea 19 to 20 June 1944, when four massive waves of Japanese torpedo bombers and escorting fighters were decimated by fleet air and surface units. "Gridley"'s antiaircraft fire helped to protect the aircraft carriers, with the result that Japanese air strength was virtually ended with this battle.
"Gridley" departed Eniwetok Atoll 30 June 1944 bound with the carriers for strikes on Iwo Jima, Guam, Yap, Ulithi, and the Volcano Islands. She supported directly the American landings on Peleliu 15 September 1944, shooting down at least one Japanese attack plane. After screening the carriers in attacks on Okinawa and Formosa, Gridley joined the mounting American forces for the invasion of the Philippines. While protecting the large ships off Luzon 28 October 1944 she and destroyer "Helm" detected and sank Japanese submarine I-51f with a series of devastating depth charge attacks. In the succeeding days, "Gridley" fought off Japanese suicide planes and returned to Ulithi with damaged carriers "Franklin" and "Belleau Wood" 2 November.
1945.
"Gridley" was soon at sea again, however, clearing Ulithi 5 November with the fast carrier task force for the Leyte operation. She later joined a group of escort carriers and served as a bombardment and patrol ship during the landings in Lingayen Gulf until 10 February 1945.
After stopping again at Ulithi, "Gridley" escorted battleship "Mississippi" en route to Pearl Harbor, and then sailed via San Diego and the Panama Canal for New York, where she arrived 30 March 1945. She entered the New York Navy Yard next day for much-needed repairs, and after finishing her overhaul departed the United States 22 June 1945. She served in Europe from July 1945 to January 1946.
Fate.
"Gridley" was decommissioned on April 18, 1946. She was sold for scrap in August 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="2840716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840716" title="Joint Interoperability Test Command">
Joint Interoperability Test Command

The Joint Interoperability Test Command (JITC) is a United States military organization that tests technology that pertains to multiple branches of the armed services and government. There is a facility in Fort Huachuca, Arizona and in Indian Head, Maryland. JITC's vision is to be an important test and evaluation organization that advances global net-centric testing in support of warfighting capabilities. JITC's mission is to provide a full range of rapid, standardized and customized test, evaluation, and certification services to support global net-centric warfighting capabilities under all conditions of peace and war.
Various JITC Certifications.
There are many testing, certification and accreditation programs at the JITC:
1. Joint Interoperability Certification on DoD Programs of Record (PoRs)<br>
2. Defense Switching Network Special Interoperability Certification<br>
3. DoD IPv6 Product Certification<br>
4. National Imagery Transmission Format Standard<br>
5. Interoperability (IO) and Information Assurance (IA) certification. Once this has been passed the products are added to the The UC Approved Products List

</doc>
<doc id="2840723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840723" title="The Last (audio drama)">
The Last (audio drama)

The Last is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is part of the "Divergent Universe" saga which continued until "The Next Life".
Plot.
Trapped on a dying world, the Eighth Doctor, Charley and C'rizz come face-to-face with the people responsible for the war to end wars. Will anybody, however, survive to get off the planet before the war comes to an end at last?

</doc>
<doc id="2840736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840736" title="Carondelet, St. Louis">
Carondelet, St. Louis

Carondelet is a neighborhood in the extreme southeastern portion of St. Louis, Missouri. It was incorporated as an independent city in 1851 and was annexed by the City of St. Louis in 1870. As of the 2000 Census, the neighborhood has a population of 9,960 people.
Name.
Carondelet was named after Baron Carondelet, the governor of the Spanish colony Upper Louisiana. The community also held a number of names and nicknames over the centuries, including: Delor's Village, Catalan's Prairie, Louisbourg, Vide Poche, and Sugarloaf. 
History.
Carondelet was founded in 1767 by Clement Delor de Treget who was born in Cahors, Quercy in southern France. He obtained a grant from St. Ange and built a stone house. The village was first known as Delor's Village. Afterwards it was known as Catalan's Prairie, named for Louis Catalan, an early settler. Later the village was called Louisbourg, most likely in honor of Louis XVI, the king of France (1774-1793). It is said that shortly after the territory passed from French to Spanish hands, Treget wished to have his commission as captain of the militia renewed. Since he was French and Baron de Carondelet, the governor general of Louisiana, was in Spanish service, he feared that his commission might be refused, so he flattered Carondelet by naming the village for him and received his commission. 
In the early days the village was given the nickname Vide Poche (French: empty pocket) because the inhabitants were said to have been poor. Carondelet citizens had to buy flour from St. Louis, and often they could not pay for it, for their pockets were empty. Another explanation the nickname was that in French the adjective always follows the noun, so "vide" must be a verb and the name would mean "Empties Pocket," conveying the idea that it was a place where the pockets of those visiting would be emptied. The inhabitants of Carondelet were noted for their hospitality and fondness for all kinds of sports and amusements. The St. Louis visitor would return home with emptied pockets - the Carondelet men may have had fleeter horses or have been more skillful card players. When a St. Louisan was asked to visit Carondelet on Sunday afternon, he would reply, "A quoi sert, c'est un vide poche." (meaning: "Of what use, is a place that empties pocket). Another nickname applied to Carondelet was "Pain de Sucre" or the "Sugarloaf. 
In a 1799 census, Carondelet was described as "two leagues below St. Louis" and having a population of 181 white residents and 3 African slaves.
Carondelet was incorporated in 1832, merged with the first ward of St. Louis under the name of South St. Louis in 1860, and annexed to St. Louis in 1870. 
The community is particularly associated with processing lead from the Southeast Missouri Lead District. The affiliation began in the 1840s with the production lead shot shipped in via the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway.
During the American Civil War, 32 ironclad gunboats for the Union Army and Navy were produced at the James Buchanan Eads-owned Union Marine Works shipyards, including four of the initial City class ironclads: "St. Louis", "Carondelet", "Pittsburgh", and "Louisville". The three other City class gunboats ("Cairo", "Mound City", and ) were subcontracted out by Eads and built in Mound City, Illinois.
From 1870-1930, Hertz Metal Company operated a lead smelter. It produced baling wire and also operated a lead smelter. In 1876 Provident Chemical Works became a world leader in production of phosphates from its Carondelet Plant in a process that initially involved lead. In the 1920s the plant was purchased by Swann Chemical Company, and then in 1935 by Monsanto. The River des Peres was rerouted through the plant in the 1930s as part of a Works Progress Administration project. Monsanto spun off the production to Solutia. In 2000 it became part of Astaris and then Israel Chemical Limited. The plant produces 250 million pounds per year of phosphate and phosphoric acid products.
Originally, the neighborhood was populated predominantly by French and then later German immigrants. Today the neighborhood contains a mixture of industrial uses along the Mississippi River and residential and commercial uses further from the river. Because it once existed as an independent village, the neighborhood contains some of the oldest homes in St. Louis. Most of the housing was constructed between 1880 and 1930. Housing in the area ranges from modest single story cottages, to apartment buildings, to larger single family homes. Most of the housing is of brick construction.
Demographics.
In 2010 Carondelet's population was 57.3% White, 33.8% Black, 0.6% Native American, 1.3% Asian, 3.7% Two or More Races, and 3.2% Some Other Race. 7.1% of the population was of Hispanic or Latino origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2840738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840738" title="Aird, Dumfries and Galloway">
Aird, Dumfries and Galloway

Aird (Gaelic:"An Àird") is a village in the Scottish council area of Dumfries and Galloway, four kilometres from Stranraer.

</doc>
<doc id="2840740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840740" title="John Hardy Steele">
John Hardy Steele

John Hardy Steele (January 4, 1789 – July 3, 1865) was an American mechanic, manufacturer, and politician from Peterborough, New Hampshire.
Born in 1789 in Salisbury, North Carolina, he was a prominent factory owner and cloth manufacturer, who also served as Governor of New Hampshire. He died in 1865 in Peterborough, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2840747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840747" title="Bakker">
Bakker

Bakker is a common Dutch surname equivalent to English Baker. In 2007 it was the 7th most common name in the Netherlands (55,273 people). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2840772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840772" title="List of later stave churches and replicas">
List of later stave churches and replicas

List of later stave churches and replicas
Denmark
Sweden
Iceland
USA
Norway
Germany
New Zealand

</doc>
<doc id="2840774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840774" title="Ardhasaig">
Ardhasaig

Ardhasaig or Àird Àsaig (Gaelic spelling) is a village on the western coast of north Harris in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
It lies on the A859 road which links Harris with Stornoway and has a petrol station, shop and hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="2840775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840775" title="Michael Peskin">
Michael Peskin

Michael Peskin (born October 27, 1951, Philadelphia) is an American theoretical physicist. He was an undergraduate at Harvard University and obtained his Ph.D. in 1978 at Cornell University studying under Kenneth Wilson. He was a Junior Fellow at the Harvard Society of Fellows from 1977–1980.
He is currently a professor in the theory group at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. Peskin was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2000.
Peskin is known for a widely used textbook on quantum field theory, written with Daniel Schroeder, and the Peskin-Takeuchi parameter. He has authored many popular review articles. He is a noted advocate of building a future linear collider.

</doc>
<doc id="2840778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840778" title="Surfrider Foundation">
Surfrider Foundation

The Surfrider Foundation USA is a U.S. 501(c)(3) grassroots non-profit environmental organization that works to protect and preserve the world's oceans, waves, and beaches. The Surfrider Foundation largely focuses its work on such issues as water quality, beach access, beach and surf spot preservation, and sustaining marine and coastal ecosystems.
Headquartered in San Clemente, California, the Surfrider Foundation maintains a small staff, which work to support the organization's network of grassroots chapters.
The current CEO is Jim Moriarty who joined the organization in June 2005 upon the retirement of former director Chris Evans.
Mission statement.
The protection and enjoyment of oceans, waves and beaches through a powerful activist network.
History.
The Surfrider Foundation was started in Malibu, California in 1984 by a handful of surfers to protest threats to their local surf break at Malibu Point. The organization continued on for several years as a loose advocacy group until 1991, when the first chapters were founded. At that point the Surfrider Foundation transitioned into a grassroots activist organization. Today the Surfrider Foundation maintains over 50,000 members and 80 chapters worldwide.
Programs.
Surfrider Foundation volunteers and staff utilize a number of programs in their efforts to protect the coast and raise awareness of environmental issues.
Events.
Surfrider Oahu Chapter hosts the annual John Kelly Environmental Awards in Waimea Valley on the North Shore of Oahu every year in November to coincide with the surf season kick-off, aka the Vans Triple Crown. Awards are dedicated to those who "have helped protect and enhance our coastal community and environment". Three awards are given each year; Lifetime achievement Award, Oahu-based Organization Award and Professional Surfer Award.
Lifetime Achievement
Oahu-Based Company
Professional Surfer
Chapters.
There are 70 Surfrider chapters located along the US East, West, Gulf of Mexico, Hawaiian and Puerto Rico coasts.

</doc>
<doc id="2840785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840785" title="Aird of Kinloch">
Aird of Kinloch

Aird of Kinloch (Gaelic:"An Àird") is a rocky outcrop between Loch Scridain and Loch Beg on the Isle of Mull, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="2840793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840793" title="City of San Francisco (train)">
City of San Francisco (train)

The City of San Francisco was a streamlined passenger train on the Chicago and North Western Railway, the Union Pacific Railroad and the Southern Pacific Railroad between Chicago, Illinois and Oakland, California, with a ferry connection to San Francisco. It was the pride of the Southern Pacific fleet, providing crack service from Chicago to San Francisco in 1936 of 39 hr 45 min each way.
On August 12, 1939 the train derailed while crossing a bridge near Carlin, Nevada, killing 24 and injuring 121. The wreck appeared to have been caused by sabotage, but despite a major manhunt, offers of reward, and years of investigation by SP, the case remains unsolved.
Competing streamlined passenger trains were, starting in 1949, the "California Zephyr" operated by the Western Pacific, Denver and Rio Grande Western, and Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroads, and starting in 1954, the "San Francisco Chief", operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. As with the "City of Los Angeles", many of the train's cars bore the names of locales around its namesake city, including "Mission Dolores", the nickname given to San Francisco's Mission San Francisco de Asís.
The "City of San Francisco" is remembered for the blizzard in the Sierra Nevada that trapped the train for six days in January 1952 at on Donner Pass in California. Snowdrifts from 160 km/h (100 mph) winds blocked the train, burying it in 12 feet of snow and stranding it from January 13 to January 19. The event made international headlines. In the effort to reach the train, the railroad's snow-clearing equipment and snow-blowing rotary plows became frozen to the tracks. Hundreds of workers and volunteers, including Georg Gärtner, using snowplows, tractors and manpower came to the rescue by clearing nearby Highway 40 to reach the train. The 196 passengers and 20 crewmembers were evacuated within 72 hours, on foot to vehicles that carried them the few highway miles to Nyack Lodge. The train itself was extricated several days later.
In 1955 the Milwaukee Road replaced the Chicago and North Western between Chicago and Omaha; in 1960 the "City of San Francisco" was combined with the "City of Los Angeles" east of Ogden. A May 1969 timetable is available online.
Other railroad uses of the name "City of San Francisco".
The "City of San Francisco" name has been applied to a 10/6 sleeping car built by Pullman Standard in the early 1950s. The car is now owned by the Boone and Scenic Valley Railroad and operated as part of the line's dinner and first class trains. Union Pacific itself has a dome lounge car used on excursion and executive trains which carries the "City of San Francisco" name.

</doc>
<doc id="2840799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840799" title="Atlanta City Hall">
Atlanta City Hall

The Atlanta City Hall building is the headquarters of the City of Atlanta government. It was constructed in 1930, and is located in Downtown Atlanta. It is a high-rise office tower very similar to dozens of other city halls built in the United States during the same time period. Located in South Downtown, it is near other governmental structures, such as the Georgia State Capitol and the Fulton County Courthouse. The Neo-Gothic structure features many architectural details that have helped to make the building a historical landmark. It is Atlanta's fourth city hall.
History.
Early city hall buildings.
After half a decade of makeshift meeting places for city business (including hotels and grocery stores), in 1853 mayor of Atlanta John Mims purchased the four-acre (16,000 m²) "Peters's Reserve" from Richard Peters for $5,000. On this land (current site of the Georgia State Capitol) was built a two-story brick structure (with an additional two-story cupola) for the city hall as well as some court functions. Each floor was 70 by providing nearly of space. It opened on October 17, 1854 and served for three decades during which time it served as campgrounds for the occupying Union army during the war and was briefly the state capitol during 1868 when the capital first moved from Milledgeville, Georgia. It was demolished in 1885. In 1882, Atlanta City Hall was relocated to the old chamber of commerce building, which was four stories tall and located on the northeast corner of Pryor and Hunter (now MLK Blvd). It was the city hall from 1882 to 1911.
1911-1930 City Hall building.
In 1911, the city hall moved to what once the U.S. Post Office and Customs House (Atlanta), located on the north side of Marietta Street between Forsyth and Fairlie. Purchased from the U.S. federal government by Atlanta mayor Robert Maddox for $70,000, this imposing structure served as city hall for nearly twenty years. It was so solidly built that the first company hired to raze it actually went out of business before completing the job.
Current building.
The current city hall, designed by G. Lloyd Preacher, was completed in February 1930. Located in South Downtown at 68 Mitchell Street SW, the building occupies the site of the house that General William Tecumseh Sherman took as the headquarters of his occupation after his Atlanta Campaign and before his March to the Sea (Sept.–Nov., 1864). The house was one of the few buildings in Atlanta that Sherman did not destroy. At the time, it belonged to Richard F. Lyon, an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia. This building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. An annex was completed in 1989, and the building was designated a "landmark building exterior" on October 23 of that year.
City Hall East.
Between 1990-2010 some city hall services had been available at City Hall East, located on Ponce de Leon Avenue in the Old Fourth Ward neighborhood, northeast of downtown. The building formerly belonged to Sears. The city of Atlanta sold the building in June 2011 to Jamestown, a developer, which agreed to pay $27 million for the property. It was renamed Ponce City Market.

</doc>
<doc id="2840801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840801" title="Dunston">
Dunston

Dunston may refer to one of the following places in England:

</doc>
<doc id="2840804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840804" title="Aird of Sleat">
Aird of Sleat

Aird of Sleat () is a village on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. It is situated at the southern end of the Sleat peninsula, 5 km south-east of Ardvasar and Armadale, at the end of a minor road. Lying 4 kilometres from Point of Sleat, it is the southernmost settlement on Skye.

</doc>
<doc id="2840807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840807" title="North Liverpool Extension Line">
North Liverpool Extension Line

The North Liverpool Extension Line was a railway line in Liverpool, England. The line was to be the eastern section of the Merseyrail Outer Loop. An orbital line circling the city.
History.
The line was built by the Cheshire Lines Committee, branching from the Committee's Liverpool to Manchester line at Hunts Cross in the south of the city, running north skirting the eastern edge of Liverpool, finally arriving at the Walton Triangle junction. One line continued north to Aintree, another curved west through the Rice Lane to Kirkdale tunnel which brought the line facing south, towards Liverpool Docks. The line ran alongside the already existing LYR line before terminating at Huskisson railway station just after Sandhills railway station. A small line left Huskisson retracing the route North before turning towards the river and the Midland Railways Sandon Docks good station. The line opened between 1879 and 1880.
The Aintree branch was extended to Southport in 1884.
The route closed in stages. In 1960 the line closed to passengers between Aintree and Gateacre.
In 1972 passenger trains from Liverpool Central High Level to Gateacre were withdrawn. The Gateacre service was proposed to be reinstated in 1978, with the station being the terminus of the new Merseyrail Northern Line. However, this never materialised with the terminus being cut back to Hunts Cross station on the southern Liverpool to Manchester line. The line continued to carry freight to Liverpool's docks being lifted in 1979. The trackbed of the main section of line now forms part of the National Cycle Network Route 62, the Trans Pennine Trail.
Planned Reopening.
The Orbital Outer Rail Loop was a part of the initial Merseyrail plans of the 1970s. The route circled the outer fringes of the city of Liverpool using primarily existing rail lines merged to create the loop. With Liverpool city having a semi-circular footprint with the city centre at the western fringe against the River Mersey, the western section of the loop would run through the city centre. The scheme was started along with the creation of Merseyrail however postponed due to cost cutting.
The concept of using the former Cheshire Lines Committee's North Liverpool Extension Line route through the eastern suburbs of Liverpool as the eastern section of a rapid-transit orbital route circling the outskirts of the city first emerged before the Second World War. The proposal was for a 'belt' line using the now demolished Liverpool Overhead Railway, which ran along the river front, as its western section.
In the 1960s during the planning for Merseyrail, this was developed into the Outer Rail Loop scheme - an electric rapid-transit passenger line circling the outer districts of the city by using a combination of newly electrified existing lines and a new link tunnel under the city centre merging lines to the north and south of the city centre completing the loop. A feature was that passengers on the mainline radial routes into Lime Street from the east and south could transfer onto the Outer Loop at two parkway interchange stations and complete their journey to Liverpool suburbs avoiding the need to travel into the city centre - Liverpool South Parkway was one of these stations opening thirty years after the initial proposal. The Outer Loop would have connected the eastern suburbs of the city: Gateacre, Childwall, Broadgreen, Knotty Ash, West Derby, Norris Green and Walton with the city centre.
As finally developed, the Outer Loop consisted of two sub-loops - serving the northern and southern suburbs with both running through the city centre from the east. These sub-loops allowed more direct journeys to the city centre from the eastern suburbs giving the overall scheme greater viability.
The Outer Rail Loop project was a victim of the recession of the late 1970s compounded by delays and cost overruns on the Loop and Link projects and local political opposition. The project was abandoned as a working proposal by Merseytravel in the 1980s. Much expense was incurred in constructing a large bridge taking the M62 over the eastern section and header tunnels at Liverpool Central station. The route is still largely intact, complete with bridges, although now the eastern section mainly forms the Liverpool Loop Country Park - a walking and cycling trail through the suburbs.
The key components of the Loop were as follows:
The West Section - The existing Merseyrail Electrics Northern Line from Sandhills in the north (later Aintree on the Ormskirk branch) to Hunts Cross. This section includes the most expensive part of the Outer Rail Loop - the Link Line tunnel under Liverpool city centre - and the reopened and electrified line from Liverpool Central to Hunts Cross.
The East Section - The former Cheshire Lines Committee North Liverpool Extension Line initially from Hunts Cross to Walton however amended to Aintree. This is now the Country Park.
The North Section - Originally the CLC line from Walton to Kirkdale via the Breeze Hill tunnel. In later versions of the scheme the North Mersey Branch from Aintree to Bootle was substituted. The latter is still intact although only used by maintenance trains whilst the former is now partially built over.
The Central Section - The central section was a later addition to the plan and effectively divided the loop into two sub-loops and also gave city centre access for the towns east of Merseyside. This included the unrealised Edge Hill Spur scheme from Liverpool Central Low Level to Edge Hill using the Waterloo Tunnel and a section of the City Line from Edge Hill to Broad Green. A major junction was to have been formed at Broad Green with the eastern section of the Outer Loop with a six platform underground station to be named Rocket under the car park of the Rocket pub near the M62/Queens Drive road junction.
The Outer Rail Loop would have been double track throughout and electrified using the 750V DC third-rail system used by the Merseyrail Electrics network.
Although no official proposals have been made to revive the scheme in recent years, the route is effectively safeguarded with periodic calls being made by local politicians for the revival of the complete project or just the short stretch of route from Hunts Cross to Gateacre. The Gateacre service was the last to operate out of the former Liverpool Central High Level Station prior to its closure in 1972.
Plans.
The Cheshire Lines Committee put forward several plans to connect railway lines to Liverpool Docks via the extension. One of these was the Liverpool, St Helens & South Lancashire Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="2840811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840811" title="Katarina Ewerlöf">
Katarina Ewerlöf

Katarina Ewerlöf is a Swedish actress born 28 December 1959 and who was educated at the theater university in Stockholm scene school, and has worked at Royal Dramatic Theatre. Ewerlöf worked for many years in the 1970s and 80s away from public attention in theatres, and had her first big hit as a major part in the TV series "Pappas flicka" in 1997. She has recorded some audio books.

</doc>
<doc id="2840823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840823" title="Sam Milby">
Sam Milby

Samuel Lloyd "Sam" Lacia Milby (born May 23, 1984), is a former reality TV contestant, actor, commercial model, and recording artist, of dual American and Filipino citizenship.
For nine years now, Sam Milby is Philippines’ Rockoustic Heartthrob and Prince of Romance. Sold-out records albums, top-rating TV shows, blockbuster movies and big product endorsement deals, Sam remains to be the most bankable singer-actor in his generation.
A member of ABS-CBN's elite circle of homegrown talents, Star Magic. His hobbies include motocross, hockey, figure skating, tennis, golf, playing guitar, and singing.
Biography.
Milby was born in Troy, Ohio in the United States. Samuel Lloyd Lacia Milby is the youngest child of Elsie Lacia, from Tago, Surigao del Sur and Lloyd William Milby, an entrepreneur from Dayton, Ohio. Sam was raised in Tipp City, Ohio. Milby’s early passion was ice skating. Training for competitive skating followed soon after. From age 9, Milby trained and lived with his coach and was home schooled until he was 15. On the weekends, he would get the chance to go home to his family and spend time with them. During this period in his life, he competed in numerous major ice skating competitions including the Junior Nationals. He and his skating partner of 4 years won silver and other awards in the course of his serious skating stint.
Aside from his immediate family, Milby did not grow up with many Filipinos around. Yet the talented Fil-Am was no foreigner to his mother’s country. He, along with his family, had visited the Philippines several times before. At one time he did take a shot at Philippine showbusiness. But pressing personal matters then prodded him to return to the States.
In his March 2005 return to the Philippines, Milby decided to seriously pursue a career in showbusiness and modeling. At the time, he temporarily stayed with relatives in Bulacan. Everyday he would take the bus to Manila to answer casting calls and auditions for modeling. Results were not always encouraging but his tenacity did yield some fruit. He landed bit roles in certain ads. Then came a big break from Close Up when he starred as their lead in their TV commercial with Barbie Almalbis.
Milby moved to the Philippines in 2005, and worked in commercials before joining "Pinoy Big Brother". This show featured 12 men and women from different walks of life. However, Sam was not part of the original 12. His break came when one of the contestants volunteered to leave the house for an urgent matter with her family. The show immediately held another audition in order to find a replacement. Milby was encouraged to audition by his then friend and current manager, Erickson Raymundo. Though unfamiliar with the show prior to his audition, he won the favor of the panel of judges and bested 200 plus others. The next day, he was informed of the spot he won in the Big Brother house. In this reality show he won and gained the affection of many viewers. He showed a shy and pleasant character in this reality show. After this show, he turned into an actor and recording artist and signed up a contract with "ABS-CBN". Milby became the most popular house-mate among the contestants in the first season of "Pinoy Big Brother".
Milby’s first major film debut was Close to You, produced by ABS-CBN subsidiary Star Cinema and co-starring "John Lloyd Cruz" and "Bea Alonzo". Milby also released a self-titled debut album in early 2006, which was repackaged in the third quarter of 2006.
He did a concert titled "Heartthrobs" at the Music Museum on February 2 and 3, 2007. It had its repeat on March 17, 2007 following the big success of the first concert. He did his first major solo concert dubbed as Sam Milby: Rockoustic Heartthrob at the Aliw Theater on October 25, 2008. He also did several concerts in USA, Canada, Asia, and Europe.
In 2012 Sam went to US. His intention was spend 3 months In New York to take part some auditions. He left to US on February and came back on May. During his three-month stay in New York, he said he has gone to a dozen auditions. He said his experience in New York has boosted his confidence as an actor, as he vowed to return to the U.S. later. “All the casting directors are really noticing me, liking me, and that's a big thing. Let alone the agency that is taking me in, that already is a big thing,” he said.
Sam also take part to concerts and tours over the U.S. He guests one night in Broadway musical Godspell as Lazarus. May 7 he was one of the guests stars at Anna Maria´s Benefit Concert in New York with Anna Maria´s Godspell costars Corbin Bleu, Wallace Smith, Nick Blaemire, Eric Krop, and George Salazar. It was directed by Disney’s High School Musical director, Billy Elliot.
Sam returned to the Philippines on May 2013 to fulfill contracts, he had signed before leaving to US. He said his return does not mean he is giving up his dreams of making it big abroad.
In 2013 Milby joined PETA campaign to free Mali from the Manila zoo and have her transferred to Boon Lott's Elephant Sanctuary in Thailand. Mali is the only captive elephant in the Philippines and has been in captivity for the majority of her life, alone, in a tiny enclosure and in need of proper care.
Sam Milby took part to Cannes Film Festival in 2013, where Adolf Alexis movie "Death March" was nominated in Un Certain Regard section. Sam was one of the leading men.
Websites.
http://www.facebook.com/officialsammilby
http://www.twitter.com/samuelmilby
http://gotmilby.com
http://www.cornerstonetalents.net/sam-milby
References.
http://starmagic.abs-cbn.com/talents/profile/sam--milby.html

</doc>
<doc id="2840831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840831" title="Faith Stealer">
Faith Stealer

Faith Stealer is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is part of the "Divergent Universe" saga which continued until "The Next Life".
Plot.
When the Eighth Doctor, Charley and C'rizz have a nightmarish vision while travelling through the Interzone, the Kro'Ka offers the perfect way out. The Multihaven is a community holding many religious faiths in seeming harmony, but when the balance is upset, it might spell doom for the travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="2840832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840832" title="Emlen Tunnell">
Emlen Tunnell

Emlen Lewis Tunnell (March 29, 1925 – July 22, 1975) was an American football player. He was the first African American to play for the New York Giants, and was inducted into the Professional Football Hall of Fame in 1967, the first African-American to be inducted. He played in the National Football League for the Giants and Green Bay Packers. Tunnell played college football at the University of Iowa.
In 1999, Tunnell was ranked number 70 on "The Sporting News"' list of 100 Greatest Football Players.
Tunnell died of a heart attack on July 22, 1975.
College career.
Tunnell first played for the University of Toledo where he suffered a broken neck injury that was so severe the US Army and US Navy both rejected his attempts to enlist during World War 2. He eventually was accepted by the US Coast Guard and spent two years of service there before returning to play for the University of Iowa football team. He started as a quarterback, halfback and on defense during his two years as a Hawkeye. He led the team in passing in the 1946 season and receiving during the 1947 season. He quit the team before the 1948 season in order to join the New York Giants.
National Football League career.
Tunnell was undrafted after college, and began his pro career by hitchhiking across the country from Iowa to New York City to meet Jack Mara, son of Giants founder Tim Mara, and ask to try out for the team. In his Hall of Fame induction speech, Tunnell thanked the West Indian banana-truck driver who dropped him off near this Polo Grounds "appointment".
Tunnell played 14 years in the National Football League. He played his first 11 years with the New York Giants and the last three years with the Green Bay Packers. Tunnell was a nine-time Pro Bowl selection. He moved from the Giants to the Packers when Giants defensive coordinator Vince Lombardi took over the head coaching duties at Green Bay. He led the NFL in punt return yards twice, in 1951 and 1952 and played a then NFL record of 143 consecutive games. He became a defensive leader with the Packers, helping out rookies and was valued for his defensive experience.
He ended his career with a record 79 interceptions (since surpassed by Paul Krause), which he returned for 1,282 yards and 4 touchdowns, and 16 fumble recoveries, along with another 3,506 return yards and 6 touchdowns on special teams. He was elected as the first African American in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1967. Tunnell became a scout and assistant coach with the Giants, where he died from a heart attack during a practice session in 1975.
Notes.
References
Tunnell, Emlen and William Gleason, "Footsteps of a Giant", Garden City, NY: Doubleday and Company, 1966. Library of Congress number 65-19776. Tunnell's autobiography.

</doc>
<doc id="2840844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840844" title="Claremont Resort">
Claremont Resort

The Claremont Hotel Club & Spa is a historic hotel at the foot of Claremont Canyon in the Berkeley Hills. The location provides scenic views of San Francisco Bay. The main hotel building is entirely in Oakland. However, a portion of the property, which includes the spa, the gardens and parking area, falls within the city limits of Berkeley, and the resort's mailing address is Berkeley (41 Tunnel Road, Berkeley CA 94705).
The Berkeley Tennis Club leased a portion of the hotel grounds from 1917 to 1945. In 1945, the Club purchased this section of the grounds, and remains located at 1 Tunnel Road, Berkeley next to the Hotel.
The Claremont has 279 guest rooms, a spa, 10 tennis courts, and of landscaped gardens. Romantic stories tell that it was once won in a checkers game. The Hotel was nominated and deemed eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, but was not listed due to owner objection. It is a designated Oakland City Historical Landmark.
The Claremont opened in 1915 as the Claremont Hotel, named for the Claremont district where it is situated. It was constructed by a group of real estate developers that included mining magnate "Borax" Smith. The group was associated with the Key System, and had already opened another large hotel, Key Route Inn, in Oakland at Grand Avenue and Broadway. The Key Route Inn suffered a serious fire in September 1930 and was demolished in April and May 1932.
As with the Key Route Inn, a transbay Key Route line (eventually designated the "E" line) ran right to the doors of the Claremont Hotel, approaching from between the tennis courts. Thus, Claremont Hotel guests not only had a magnificent view of San Francisco, but could go there directly from the doorsteps of the lobby. The tracks were removed in 1958 when the Key Route System was dismantled, but the tennis courts survive, separated by a path where the tracks used to be.
The hotel was also convenient to automobile traffic, as it was situated along the principal route over the Berkeley Hills via Claremont Canyon. In 1903, a small tunnel was excavated above the next canyon south of Claremont Canyon, accessible by a new road dubbed "Tunnel Road", which ran from the end of Ashby Avenue. The same route later led to a newer, larger tunnel called the Caldecott Tunnel, which opened in 1937. The street address of the Claremont is still 41 Tunnel Road. Tunnel Road is a designated part of State Highway 13.
In 1876, a state law was passed that prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages within one mile (1.6 km) of the perimeter of the University of California. As the Claremont Hotel was under construction, its investors noticed it was just inside this no-alcohol zone. They determined to fight the definition so that they could make more money by serving alcohol. In 1913, the hotel's investors sponsored AB 1620 (known as the Ferguson bill), supposedly to further restrict alcohol near churches and schools statewide, but it specifically excluded the Claremont Hotel from the dry zone. Influenced by activism from women's clubs and temperance groups in Berkeley, the Ferguson bill was defeated by one vote. In 1933 when Prohibition was repealed, the Claremont Hotel continued to suffer from the state law prohibiting the sale of liquor within a mile of the university. In 1937, the law was amended to measure the distance following street routes rather than a straight line, and the hotel was then able to serve liquor legally. According to a story on the hotel’s website, a student at the University discovered in 1936 that the route was over a mile and was awarded free drinks for life. This point had been publicly discussed in 1913, however.
The hotel had an unusual fire escape, a multi-story spiral slide for guests to make their escape. Many local teenagers were said to have taken the ride but the slide was eventually boarded up, and removed.
The Claremont faced destruction in the 1991 Oakland firestorm, but the flames were stopped just short of the hotel.
In 2007, the Claremont was acquired by Morgan Stanley. On February 1, 2011, the resort filed for bankruptcy due to losses attributed to the ongoing recession. Lenders including Paulson & Co., Winthrop Realty Trust and Capital Trust foreclosed on the property. In 2013, the owners reached a deal to sell the Claremont and three other properties to the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation. The Claremont was purchased in March of 2014 by the Fairmont Hotel chain and financier Richard Blum.

</doc>
<doc id="2840853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840853" title="Don Narcisse">
Don Narcisse

Donald Narcisse (born February 26, 1965) is a former wide receiver for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the Canadian Football League. He played college football at Texas Southern University. He signed with Saskatchewan as a free agent on September 1, 1987. 
A smaller player at 5'9" and 170 pounds, Don was effective at short yardage plays, often in situations needing a 1st down. As a result of rarely being injured and giving strong on field performances, Don shared and held a few records. He had over 1000+ receiving yards for 7 consecutive seasons from 1989-1995 including a career high 1419 yards in 1989. Despite this consistency, the Roughriders were frequently an average team in the middle or bottom half of the standings. He played alongside Ray Elgaard and Jeff Fairholm who combined to be a top group of receivers, among the best in the league. 
At the time of his retirement, he was 1st all-time in career receptions, 3rd in career receiving yards and tied for 1st with 8 - 1000+ yard seasons. Don holds the professional football record for most consecutive games with at least one reception in every game (216). He is considered one of the greatest players in Roughriders history and one of the leagues greatest receivers.
Don was a popular and respected man due to his positive and warm nature towards fans, players and media. His community involvement became much appreciated throughout his career. His most well-known contribution was the "Catch For Kids" program with SaskEnergy on behalf of Kidsport Saskatchewan which began in 1998. The program has evolved to include a charity Saskatchewan Roughrider player calendar, as well as charity bowling event which today raises more than $100,000 annually for Kidsport. That same season, the Leader Post newspaper ranked him as # 7 on their list of 50 greatest Roughrider players. He won a Grey Cup with the Riders in 1989 and reached the finals again in 1997. After spending his entire career with the Roughriders, Don retired at the conclusion of the 1999 season. 
In 2000, Don coached for the San Antonio Matadors of the Spring Football League
In 2006, Don was among 185 players nominated for The TSN/CFL 50 Greatest Players list. He was not voted into the top 50. He was among the 135 player Honor Roll of those who didn't make the list. He was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2010.
CFL.
13 Seasons Â»> 1987-1999
Regular Season Stats
Playoffs Stats
Awards & Honors
Records

</doc>
<doc id="2840854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840854" title="Myddfai">
Myddfai

Myddfai is a small village and community in Carmarthenshire, Wales. It is situated south of Llandovery in the Brecon Beacons, and has a population of 415.
The village is a popular tourist destination on the western edge of the Brecon Beacons, famous for the history and heritage of the Physicians of Myddfai and the Legend of ‘The Lady of The Lake’ and provides a central location to visit a wide range of interesting places, such as gardens, castles and The Heart of Wales Railway.
Amenities.
The church of St Michael is a grade I listed building. 
Myddfai Community Hall and Visitor Centre is one of the main attractions in Myddfai with a gift shop offering plenty of art and crafts by local artists and contributors, a café serving hot drinks and homemade cakes and a large hall and meeting room offering facilities for weddings, events and local community events. It is an energy efficient facility in the heart of the village and recognised as one of the most well equipped venues in the area. It was designed and built with funding from the Big Lottery Village SOS Scheme and supported by a wide range of other funders. The story of the Myddfai project and build was followed by the BBC as part of the ‘Village SOS’ series with presenter Sarah Beeny and was shown on BBC One in August 2011 and was officially opened in June 2011 by Their Royal Highnesses Prince Charles and The Duchess of Cornwall.
Lady of the Lake Legend.
The area is the setting for many tales of myth and legend. One such legend is the story of the Lady of the Lake. The story goes that a young farm boy grazing his sheep flock around the lake of Llyn y Fan Fach below the Black Mountain escarpment used to pass the long daylight hours gazing into the dazzling waters of the lake. As he grew up, passing every day this way, one day a beautiful woman emerged from this lake, approached the dumbstruck boy, who was instantly besotted and cast totally under her spell. She was unparalleled in beauty, grace and wisdom and immediately prophesied to him that he would become rich and respected if he would agree to marry her. However this future success and her partnership was dependent on certain conditions. Foremost condition was that he should never strike her more than three times. Secondly that he never speak a word of her origin or the supernatural source of their success and relationship. 
The boy very readily agreed and managed to suppress conjecture as to her sudden appearance - no easy feat among a Welsh community. As she forecast, the young boy's flocks gained weight and condition and many healthy lambs were born, including exceptional breed rams, he became an astute negotiator at market, enjoyed haggling, kept his humour and his nerve, he secured excellent deals with older, shrewder farmers, won their gradual respect, expanded his flocks, bought his own land, rented land wisely, developed a skillful eye when buying, built up relationships with trusted peers, supported those coming up behind him, knew intuitively who to trust and whose word to discount, expanded into horse breeding and before many years had passed he was a farmer. A man who was welcome wherever he went, sought out by all. His quiet wife kept in the background and produced beautiful, healthy children, ran the household efficiently and was a constant support to her husband.
For many years the couple were closely in love and they prospered and enabled their wider community to prosper in turn. However like many young men the boy grew complacent, maybe even arrogant on occasions, neglected old friends, old bonds and old values. This resulted in lost revenue, damaged friendships and a resultant backlash of stress, anger and disquiet. On one occasion he struck his wife as she met him from market. She reminded him of his promises to her and the foremost condition of their marriage. He begged her forgiveness, which she in turn readily gave. 
However this happened twice more in similar circumstances and on being struck the third time she stood up to her full height, looked him in the eye and stated that their relationship was now over. She simply turned on her heel and walked out of their farm and as she crossed their land every sheep, lamb, cow, calf, hen, chick, duck, goose, pig and horse followed her. She ascended to the lake and wordlessly walked in once more, every animal following her beneath the cold still waters, leaving the man heart broken in the shallows, his pleas resounding around the mountains arms.
Another version of the tale, as told by Sir John Rhys in his book "Celtic Folklore, Volume 1: Welsh and Manx," shows no worsening of the young man. Instead, the "blows" come to a light blow on the back with a pair of gloves, a warm hand at a wedding when the Lady is crying, and an admonishing hand at a funeral when the Lady is laughing. The story ends in a similar fashion, though, with the Lady calling all of her dowry of animals away with her. It is noted, further: "What became of the affrighted ploughman - whether he was left on the field when the oxen set off, or whether he followed them to the lake, has not been handed down to tradition; neither has the fate of the disconsolate and half-ruined husband been kept in remembrance".
The man returned to his farm unable to work the land, lost in a world of self-reproach and disbelief, a ruined man. His only compensation was his children by his otherworldly wife who still loved him and who grew up to be the Physicians of Myddfai.
Llwynywermwd.
In 2006, Prince Charles started looking for a base for his visits to Wales. Carmarthenshire was seen as a favourite location due to its quiet nature. In late 2006, the Prince via the Duchy of Cornwall made an offer on Llwynywermwd (), a former coach house set in the grounds of a ruined mansion. Contracts were exchanged in November 2006, with Clarence House saying that the property may be let to holidaymakers when the Prince and Duchess were not there. Prince Charles made his first official visit on 16 March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2840857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840857" title="Dennō Senshi Porygon">
Dennō Senshi Porygon

The episode is infamous for certain repetitive visual effects which induced photosensitive epileptic seizures in a substantial number of Japanese viewers, an incident referred to as the by the Japanese press. Six hundred and eighty-five viewers were taken to hospitals; two people remained hospitalized for more than two weeks. Due to this, the episode has not been rebroadcast worldwide. After the incident, the "Pokémon" anime went into a four-month hiatus, and it returned on TV Tokyo in April 16, 1998. Since then, the episode has been parodied and referenced in cultural media, including "The Simpsons" and "South Park".
Plot.
Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu discover that the system used to transfer Pokémon from one Pokémon Center to the other is malfunctioning. On Nurse Joy's request, they go to Professor Akihabara, the one who created the Poké Ball transfer system. He tells them that Team Rocket stole his prototype Porygon, a digital Pokémon that can exist in cyberspace, and is using it to steal trainers' Pokémon from inside the computer system.
Akihabara sends Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu and his second Porygon into the system to stop Team Rocket, whom they learn have set up a blockade that stops Pokéballs from traveling the network. Porygon is able to defeat Team Rocket's Porygon, but Nurse Joy, monitoring the situation, has sent an anti-virus program into the system to combat what she thinks is a computer virus. Pikachu uses a Thunderbolt attack on the program, which manifests as "vaccine missiles", which causes an explosion. The group and Team Rocket successfully escape the computer, and with Team Rocket's blockade removed, the system returns to normal.
Reception and controversy.
"Dennō Senshi Porygon" aired in Japan on December 16, 1997 at 6:30 PM Japan Standard Time (09:30 UTC). The episode, which was broadcast over thirty-seven TV stations that Tuesday night, held the highest ratings for its time slot, and was watched by approximately 4.6 million households.
Twenty minutes into the episode, there is a scene in which Pikachu stops vaccine missiles with its Thunderbolt attack, resulting in a huge explosion that flashes red and blue lights. Although there were similar parts in the episode with red and blue flashes, an anime technique called "paka paka" made this scene extremely intense, for these flashes were extremely bright strobe lights, with blinks at a rate of about 12 Hz for approximately six seconds.
At this point, viewers started to complain of blurred vision, headaches, dizziness and nausea. Some experienced seizures, blindness, convulsions and loss of consciousness. Japan's Fire Defense Agency reported that a total of 685 viewers – 310 boys and 375 girls – were taken to hospitals by ambulances. Although many victims recovered during the ambulance trip, more than 150 of them were admitted to hospitals. Two people remained hospitalized for more than two weeks. Some other people had seizures when parts of the scene were rebroadcast during news reports on the seizures. Only a small fraction of the 685 children treated were diagnosed with photosensitive epilepsy.
Later studies showed that 5–10% of the viewers had mild symptoms that did not need hospital treatment. 12,000 children who did not get sent to hospital by ambulance reported mild symptoms of illness; however, their symptoms more closely resembled mass hysteria than a grand mal seizure. A study following 103 patients over three years after the event found that most of them had no further seizures. Scientists believe that the flashing lights triggered photosensitive seizures in which visual stimuli such as flashing lights can cause altered consciousness. Although approximately 1 in 4,000 people are susceptible to these types of seizures, the number of people affected by this "Pokémon" episode was unprecedented.
An article in "USA Today" reassured parents that "American children aren't likely to suffer seizures provoked by TV cartoons", because U.S. networks "don't air the graphic Japanese cartoons known as 'anime'" with their "fast-paced style of animation", although anime has become more prevalent on American television since then. The incident, which was referred to as the by the Japanese press, was included in the 2004 edition and the 2008 Gamer's Edition of the Guinness World Records book, with the dubious honor of holding the record for "Most Photosensitive Epileptic Seizures Caused by a Television Show".
Aftermath.
News of the incident spread quickly through Japan. The following day the television station that had originated the lone broadcast of that episode, TV Tokyo, issued an apology to the Japanese people, suspended the program, and said it would investigate the cause of the seizures. Officers from Atago Police Station were ordered by the National Police Agency to question the anime's producers about the show's contents and production process. An emergency meeting was held by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, in which the case was discussed with experts and information collected from hospitals. Video retailers all over Japan removed the "Pokémon" anime from their rental shelves.
Reaction was swift on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and Nintendo's shares went down 400 yen (almost 5%) the following morning to 12,200 yen as news of the incident spread. Nintendo produces the game upon which the "Pokémon" anime series is based. Then-president of Nintendo, Hiroshi Yamauchi, said at a press conference the day after the episode had aired that the video game company was not responsible since the original "Pokémon" game for its Game Boy product was presented in black and white.
After the airing of "Dennō Senshi Porygon", the "Pokémon" anime went into a four-month hiatus until it returned in April 16, 1998. After the hiatus, the time slot changed from Tuesday to Thursday. The opening theme was also redone, and black screens showing various Pokémon in spotlights were broken up into four images per screen. Before the seizure incident, the opening was originally one Pokémon image per screen. Before the resumption of broadcast, was shown. Broadcast in Japan on April 16, 1998, host Miyuki Yadama went over the circumstances of the program format and the on-screen advisories at the beginning of animated programs, as well as showing letters and fan drawings sent in by viewers, most of whom were concerned that the incident would lead to the anime being cancelled. Many Japanese television broadcasters and medical officials came together to find ways to make sure the incident was not repeated. They established a series of guidelines for future animated programs, including:
This episode kept the episodes "Rougela's Christmas" ("Holiday Hi-Jynx") and "Iwark as a Bivouac" ("Snow Way Out!") off their original broadcast date in Japan following the incident.
To prevent any similar incidents from reoccurring, the Japanese government made the decision to remove the episode permanently from future re-broadcasting and it has not aired since, not even outside of Japan. The episode was dubbed and altered in the United States by 4Kids Entertainment to slow down the flashing lights, but this was abandoned after the Japanese government banned it and was never broadcast. Coincidentally, the episode aired around the same time "Pokémon" was being adapted for American audiences. Unlike other flashing lights, 4Kids Entertainment took extra precaution in bright and flashing lights in the show, and altered lighting, and speed of lights for earlier episodes of their American release.
In an effort to put the event out of the public's minds and prevent trauma, the anime has not featured Porygon in any subsequent episodes. As a consequence of this Porygon and its derivates suffered from major unpopularity among the fans of the series. However Porygon2 and Porygon-Z was featured during 'World of Pokémon' opening of "". Porygon2 has also appeared in the opening song of English dubbed version of "Pokémon Chronicles".
Cultural impact.
The "Pokémon Shock" incident has been referenced many times in popular culture, including an episode of "The Simpsons" entitled "Thirty Minutes over Tokyo". In the episode, the Simpson family travels to Japan. When they arrive at their hotel in Tokyo, Bart is seen watching an anime entitled Battling Seizure Robots featuring robots with flashing eye lasers, and asks: "Isn't this that cartoon that causes seizures?", and the flashing eyes cause him to have a seizure. Marge and Lisa are also affected and Homer walks in seeing them all convulsing on the floor and joins in.
An episode of "South Park" that first aired in November 1999, called "Chinpokomon", revolves around a "Pokémon"-like phenomenon, called "Chinpokomon", which the children of South Park become obsessed with. "Chinpokomon" toys and video games are sold to American children in South Park by a Japanese company. The company's president, Mr. Hirohito, uses the toys to brainwash the American children, making them into his own army to topple the "evil" American empire. These toys included a video game in which the player attempts to bomb Pearl Harbor. While playing this game, Kenny has an epileptic seizure and later dies, in reference to the "Pokémon" seizure incident.
In the pilot episode of "Drawn Together", Ling-Ling, who is a parody of Pikachu, states that his goal in the Drawn Together house is to "destroy all, and give children seizures". There follows a scene with flashing lights, a direct reference to this episode. In "So Yesterday", a novel by Scott Westerfeld, this episode is mentioned and shown to one of the characters. The flashing red light that caused the seizure is also used in the story telling elements.

</doc>
<doc id="2840867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840867" title="1983 CFL season">
1983 CFL season

The 1983 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 30th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 26th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1983.
The CFL re-signed with Carling O'Keefe Breweries to another record television contract worth $33 million to cover a three-year period from 1983 to 1986.
The league's attendance levels reached an all-time high for all football games with 2,856,031. The Grey Cup game between the Toronto Argonauts and the BC Lions was played in front of 59,345 football fans at BC Place Stadium (the first lion gross gate).
In addition, CBC, CTV and Radio-Canada's coverage of the Grey Cup game attracted the largest viewing audience in television history for a Canadian sports program with 8,118,000.
The Toronto Argonauts won their first Grey Cup Championship since 1952.
Terry Greer set a pro football record for most receiving yards with 2,003.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Toronto Argonauts are the 1983 Grey Cup champions, defeating the BC Lions, 18–17, in front of their home crowd at Vancouver's BC Place Stadium. This was Toronto's first championship in 31 years, ending one of the league's longest droughts. The Argonauts' Joe Barnes (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Carl Brazley (DB) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. The Lions' Rick Klassen (DT) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2840873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840873" title="Party of the Democratic Karma">
Party of the Democratic Karma

Party of the Democratic Karma () is a Spanish joke party founded by the publishers of the magazine "Karma dice" ("Karma says"), a satirical publication. 
The party's motto is "Karma: the useless vote. The vote just like you." (Spanish: ""PKD: el voto inútil. El voto como tú."") They support absurd proposals like paying civil servants with "corticoles" (vouchers from the general store El Corte Inglés redeemable for school supplies), building in flower pots, and promising to corrupt themselves as much as possible. Their magazine and party are based in the Basque Country, and they reflect a reaction to their fellow Basque citizens' perceived overly serious approach to life.
In the Basque elections in 2001 the party received the sixth most votes.

</doc>
<doc id="2840874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840874" title="Carondelet Park">
Carondelet Park

Carondelet Park, established in 1875, is the third largest park in the city of St. Louis, Missouri. The park contains nearly and is located in the southeastern portion of the city, just west of Interstate 55, and is accessible at the Loughborough Avenue exit. Loughborough Avenue is the park's southern boundary; its northern boundary is Holly Hills Boulevard. The Carondelet, Holly Hills, Boulevard Heights, and Bevo Mill neighborhoods surround the park, and the park is a focal point for the community.
Among other features, the park contains two lakes that are stocked for fishing, tennis courts, softball, baseball and soccer fields. The park also has playgrounds, a recycling center (with mulch and compost), picnic areas, and a bicycle path.
A new community recreation center was recently completed on the eastern edge of the park adjacent to I-55.
Other major parks in St. Louis include Forest Park and Tower Grove Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2840884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840884" title="Butch Kinerney">
Butch Kinerney

Butch Kinerney is Chief of Communications for the Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administration of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and an expert in risk and crisis communications. He served as acting press secretary for FEMA in 2005-2006, rising to the position immediately following landfall of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. During Katrina and the ongoing recovery in the Gulf Coast, he was quoted more than 30,000 times in the press, from Katrina's first landfall in Florida throughout the tumultuous fallout from FEMA's response efforts in Louisiana and Mississippi. 
He is noted speaker on risk and crisis communications (http://www.floods.org/index.asp?menuID=391) (http://www.mitigationleadership.com/videos.cfm?f=TRM&sort=name). In addition, Kinerney is a volunteer fire fighter with the Arcola-Pleasant Valley Volunteer Fire Department in Loudoun County, VA, and counsels incarcerated youths through Epiphany Ministry. 
Prior to his appointment as acting press secretary, Kinerney was the public affairs liaison to FEMA's Mitigation Division, the National Flood Insurance Program and the U.S. Fire Administration. He joined FEMA in 2004, prior to four hurricanes striking Florida. 
Before joining FEMA, Butch spent five years as a public affairs specialist at the U.S. Geological Survey in Reston, Virginia, where he worked directly with the USGS Water Resources Division and the USGS hazards program which included earthquakes, wildfires, volcanoes and landslides. 
Kinerney worked as the Chief of Public Information for the Maryland Emergency Management Agency and as a Community Relations Officer for the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control. He was a newspaper and magazine reporter/writer/editor before beginning his government career. 
A 1990 graduate of the University of Maryland, College Park, Kinerney has a degree in news-editorial journalism. He currently resides in Northern Virginia with his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="2840887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840887" title="Ike Shorunmu">
Ike Shorunmu

Ike Ibrahim Shorunmu (born October 16, 1967) is a former football goalkeeper from Nigeria.
Career.
Shorunmu was born in Lagos. After a few years in Nigeria he moved to play in Switzerland, and made his mark there. He was bought by Turkish club Beşiktaş J.K. in 1999 for $2,400,000 — but they released him as they thought he spent too much time with the national team. Shorunmu later played for other Swiss and Turkish clubs.
International career.
He has been the first-choice goalkeeper of the national team, and played at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Shorunmu was brought into the Nigerian national team by coach Clemens Westerhof in 1992.
Coaching career.
Shorunmu has recently served as the national team goalkeeper coach as well as for Enyimba F.C.. In 2010 Shorunmu was hired in the same capacity for Heartland F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="2840888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840888" title="Limerick Post">
Limerick Post

The Limerick Post is a free weekly newspaper, distributed throughout Limerick city and county, parts of counties Clare, Tipperary in the region of Munster, Ireland.
The Limerick Post was established in 1986 and remains the only locally owned newspaper in Limerick. 
The Post is published each Thursday morning. 
It recently modernised its website, with more content including video, polls and a new Digital Edition.
Its main competitors are the "Limerick Leader".
On Saturday 24 January 2009, the Limerick Post won the coveted title of Best Free newspaper in the mid-west region, at the Mid West Arts Media and Culture Awards held at the Radisson SAS Hotel.
On Friday 14 May 2010, it launched an iPhone app, being the first newspaper in Limerick to do so, as well as the first regional newspaper in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2840894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840894" title="The Sane Asylum">
The Sane Asylum

The Sane Asylum is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Blind Illusion. It was originally released in 1988 through Combat Records. The album features guitarist Larry LaLonde and bassist Les Claypool before they went on to work on Primus.

</doc>
<doc id="2840900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840900" title="Medicinal Purposes">
Medicinal Purposes

Medicinal Purposes is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
Edinburgh, 1827. Body snatchers William Burke and William Hare are on the loose while the Sixth Doctor and Evelyn take an interest in the work of Dr Robert Knox.
Continuity.
Knox meets the Doctor and Evelyn again in "Assassin in the Limelight".
Notes.
This is one of the last stories, and the last "Doctor Who" story, that David Tennant would record for Big Finish before being cast as the Tenth Doctor. After leaving the TV series, Tennant was cast as William Burke in the film "Burke and Hare", based on the historical murders, but left the film before it began production.

</doc>
<doc id="2840930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840930" title="V/Vm Test Records">
V/Vm Test Records

V/Vm Test records is a record label based in Stockport, England and was started by James Kirby (V/Vm) and Andrew Macgregor (Jansky Noise, Animal) in 1996. It does not have an overseas division, so releases on it tend to be collectable outside of the United Kingdom.
The label releases artists works from a wide variety of genres including noise, soundscape, breakcore, mashup and many more that don't fit comfortably into any genre.
V/Vm Test Records are notable for their rebellious approach, often in the face of blatant copyright infringement, most notable are the artists V/Vm themselves, often taking a popular song and running it through various filters the end result being a de-tuned and distorted version of the original. The "Sick Love" album contains several notable examples of this style, as well as the frequent references to Pigs that colour most V/Vm releases.
Notable acts on V/Vm Test have included: Jega, Kid606, Hellinterface (Boards of Canada), Kevin Blechdom, Goodiepal, Knifehandchop and Datach'i.
V/Vm Test has been instrumental in giving away free and unrestricted downloads since 1997 on his website and via various V/Vm Test associated Microsites. In 2006 V/Vm set up an addition label, Vukzid and also a number of extra microsites which gave away free audio and visual content along with working on a unique daily project which saw the artist V/Vm record at least one piece of audio per day which was then uploaded and given away for free (for the whole of 2006).
In 2007 V/Vm Test also launced the Freenoise Archives which has over 3GB of out of print noise releases available for free download via a microsite.
Currently James Kirby runs the label from his base in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2840938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840938" title="Growth of the Ottoman Empire">
Growth of the Ottoman Empire

The Growth of the Ottoman Empire (29 May 1453 – 11 November 1606) is the period followed after the Rise of the Ottoman Empire in which the Ottoman state reached the Pax Ottomana. In this period, the Ottoman Empire expanded southwestwards into North Africa and battled with the re-emergent Persian Shi'ia Safavid Empire to the east. The growth period was followed by the Stagnation of the Ottoman Empire.
Mehmed II (1451–1481).
The conquest of Constantinople allowed Mehmed II to turn his attention to Anatolia. Mehmed II tried to create a single political entity in Anatolia by capturing Turkish states called Beyliks and the Greek Empire of Trebizond in northeastern Anatolia and allied himself with the Crimean Khanate. Uniting the Anatolian Beyliks was first accomplished by Sultan Bayezid I, more than fifty years earlier than Mehmed II but after the destructive Battle of Ankara back in 1402, the newly formed Anatolian unification was gone. Mehmed II recovered the Ottoman power on other Turkish states. These conquests allowed him to push further into Europe.
Another important political entity which shaped the Eastern policy of Mehmed II was the White Sheep Turcomans. With the leadership of Uzun Hasan, this Turcoman kingdom gained power in the East but because of their strong relations with the Christian powers like Empire of Trebizond and the Republic of Venice and the alliance between Turcomans and Karamanid tribe, Mehmed saw them as a threat to his own power. He led a successful campaign against Uzun Hasan in 1473 which resulted with the decisive victory of the Ottoman Empire in the Battle of Otlukbeli.
After the Fall of Constantinople, Mehmed would also go on to conquer the Despotate of Morea in the Peloponnese in 1460, and the Empire of Trebizond in northeastern Anatolia in 1461. The last two vestiges of Byzantine rule were thus absorbed by the Ottoman Empire. The conquest of Constantinople bestowed immense glory and prestige on the country.
Mehmed II advanced toward Eastern Europe as far as Belgrade, and attempted to conquer the city from John Hunyadi at the Siege of Belgrade in 1456. Hungarian commanders successfully defended the city and Ottomans retreated with heavy losses but at the end, Ottomans occupied nearly all of Serbia.
In 1463, after a dispute over the tribute paid annually by the Bosnian kingdom, Mehmed invaded Bosnia and conquered it very quickly, executing the last Bosnian king Stephen Tomašević and his uncle Radivoj.
In 1462 Mehmed II came into conflict with Prince Vlad III Dracula of Wallachia, who had spent part of his childhood alongside Mehmed. Vlad had ambushed, massacred or captured several Ottoman forces, then announced his impalement of over 23,000 captive Turks. Mehmed II abandoned his siege of Corinth to launch a punitive attack against Vlad in Wallachia but suffered many casualties in a surprise night attack led by Vlad, who was apparently bent on personally killing the Sultan. Confronted by Vlad's scorched earth policies and demoralizing brutality, Mehmed II withdrew, leaving his ally Radu cel Frumos, Vlad's brother, with a small force in order to win over local boyars who had been persecuted by Vlad III. Radu eventually managed to take control of Wallachia, which he administered as Bey, on behalf of Mehmet II. Vlad eventually escaped to Hungary, where he was imprisoned on a false accusation of treason against his overlord.
In 1475, the Ottomans suffered a great defeat at the hands of Stephen the Great of Moldavia at the Battle of Vaslui. In 1476, Mehmed won a pyrrhic victory against Stephen at the Battle of Valea Albă. He besieged the capital of Suceava, but could not take it, nor could he take the Castle of Târgu Neamţ. With a plague running in his camp and food and water being very scarce, Mehmed was forced to retreat.
The Albanian resistance in Albania between 1443 and 1468 led by George Kastrioti Skanderbeg ("İskender Bey"), an Albanian noble and a former member of the Ottoman ruling elite, prevented the Ottoman expansion into the Italian peninsula. Skanderbeg had united the Albanian Principalities in a fight against the Empire in the League of Lezhë in 1444. Mehmed II couldn't subjugate Albania and Skanderbeg while the latter was alive, even though twice (1466 and 1467) he led the Ottoman armies himself against Krujë. After death of Skanderbeg in 1468, Albanians couldn't find a leader to replace him and Mehmed II eventually conquered Krujë and Albania in 1478. The final act of his Albanian campaigns was the troublesome siege of Shkodra in 1478–9, a siege Mehmed II led personally.
Mehmed II invaded Italy in 1480. The intent of his invasion was to capture Rome and "reunite the Roman Empire", and, at first, looked like he might be able to do it with the easy capture of Otranto in 1480 but Otranto was retaken by Papal forces in 1481 after the death of Mehmed. After his death, he was succeeded by his son, Bayezid II.
Bayezid II (1481–1512).
When Bayezid II was enthroned upon his father's death in 1481, he first had to fight his younger brother Cem Sultan, who took Inegöl and Bursa and proclaimed himself Sultan of Anatolia. After a battle at Yenişehir, Cem was defeated and fled to Cairo. The very next year he returned, supported by the Mameluks, and took eastern Anatolia, Ankara and Konya but eventually he was beaten and forced to flee to Rhodes.
Sultan Bayezid attacked Venice in 1499. Peace was signed in 1503, and the Ottomans gained the last Venetian strongholds on the Peloponnesos and some towns along the Adriatic coast. In the 16th century Mameluks and Persians under Shah Ismail I allied against the Ottomans. The war ended 1511 in favor of the Turks.
Later that year, Bayezid's son Ahmet forced his father into making him regent. His brother Selim was forced to flee to Crimea. When Ahmet was about to be crowned the Janissaries intervened, killed the prince and forced Bayezid into calling Selim back and making him the sultan. Bayezid abdicated and he died immediately after leaving the throne.
Selim I (1512–1520).
During his reign, Selim I (so called "Yavuz", the Grim) was able to expand the empire's borders greatly to the south and east. He defeated the Mameluks and conquered most of modern Syria, Lebanon, israel, and Egypt, including the holy city of Jerusalem as well as Cairo, the residence of the Abbasid caliph. Thus, Selim was able to strengthen his claim of being the caliph of Islam.
Selim I conquered Safavid eastern Anatolia and northern Iraq, only to lose it soon after. The Safavids later defeated and conquered the eastern Ottomans, and captured Baghdad. The Empire established a navy in the Red Sea that succeeded, at least for a while, in countering Portuguese influence on the spice trade. During this period, the Empire vied with the emerging European colonial powers, in the Indian Ocean. Fleets, with soldiers and arms, were sent to support Muslim rulers in Kenya and Aceh (on the northern tip of the island of Sumatra), and to defend the Ottoman spice and slave trades. In Aceh, the Ottomans built a fortress, and supplied it with huge cannons. The Dutch Protestants were at first helped by the Ottomans in their struggle against Catholic Spain. The Ottoman navy also had much influence in the Mediterranean Sea, and trade there flourished, because of the stability afforded to the shipping lanes.
At the Battle of Chaldiran in eastern Anatolia in 1514, Ottoman forces under Sultan Selim I won a decisive victory against the Safavids, ensuring Ottoman security on their eastern front.
Suleiman the Magnificent (1520–1566).
Suleiman the Magnificent first put down a revolt led by the Ottoman-appointed governor in Damascus. By August, 1521, Suleiman had completed the conquest of Serbia capturing the city of Belgrade. In 1522, Suleiman captured Rhodes. On August 29, 1526 Suleiman defeated Louis II of Hungary at the Battle of Mohács, and set up Ottoman rule in Hungary. By 1541, Suleiman controlled most of present-day Hungary, known as the Great Alföld, and installed Zápolya's family as rulers of the independent principality of Transylvania, a vassal state of the Empire. (Walachia and Moldavia also became tributary principalities of the Ottoman Empire.)
Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand I claimed the so-called "Royal Hungary" (present-day Slovakia, North-Western Hungary and western Croatia), a territory which temporarily fixed the border between the Habsburgs and the Ottomans.
The Shi'ite Safavid Empire ruled Persia and modern-day Iraq. Suleiman waged three campaigns against the Safavids; in the earliest, the historically important city of Baghdad fell to Suleiman's forces in 1534. The second campaign, 1548–1549, resulted in temporary Ottoman gains in Tabriz and Azerbaijan, a lasting presence in Van Province, and some forts in Georgia. In his third campaign, in 1555, Suleiman's forces failed to eliminate the Shah's army, which withdrew into the mountains of Luristan, and eventually signed a treaty at Amasya, in which the Shah recognized the existing borders and promised to end his raids into Ottoman territory. Huge territories of North Africa up to west of Algeria were annexed. The Barbary States of Tripolitania, Tunisia and Algeria became autonomous provinces of the Empire. The piracy carried on thereafter by the Barbary pirates of North Africa remained part of the wars against Spain, and the Ottoman expansion was associated with naval dominance for a short period in the Mediterranean.
Ottoman navies also controlled the Red Sea, and held the Persian Gulf until 1554, when their ships were defeated by the navy of the Portuguese Empire. The Portuguese would continue to contest Suleiman's forces for control of Aden. In 1533 Khair ad Din known to Europeans as Barbarossa, was made Admiral-in-Chief of the Ottoman navies were who actively fighting the Spanish navy.
In 1535 the Habsburg Holy Roman Emperor, Charles V (Charles I of Spain) won an important victory against the Ottomans at Tunis, but in 1536 King Francis I of France allied himself with Suleiman against Charles. In 1538, the fleet of Charles V was defeated at the Battle of Preveza by Khair ad Din, securing the eastern Mediterranean for the Turks for 33 years. Francis I asked for help from Suleiman, then sent a fleet headed by Khair ad Din who was victorious over the Spaniards, and managed to retake Naples from them. Suleiman bestowed on him the title of "Baylar Bey". One result of the alliance was the fierce sea duel between Dragut and Andrea Doria, which left the northern Mediterranean and the southern Mediterranean in Ottoman's hands.
Thereafter, attention reverted to the west, and Suleiman I, upon ascending the throne in 1520, led a series of campaigns into the Balkans. Under Suleiman, a brilliant strategist, the Ottomans advanced steadily northward, taking Belgrade, the capital of Serbia in 1521, defeating Hungary in 1526, and besieging Vienna in 1529.
Selim II (1566–1574).
Sokollu Mehmed Paşa was one of the Grand Viziers of Suleiman but he gained absolute power after the death of Suleiman. During the reign of Selim II, he became the real ruler of the Ottoman Empire, a situation which lasted until Mehmed Pasha's death in 1579.
Murat III (1574–1595).
Selim's successor was Murat III (1574–1595) during whose reign the empire reached its gretest extend by capturing Caucasus (1590).
Mehmet III (1595–1603).
Murat's successor was Mehmet III. During the last years of Murat's reign and whole of Mehmet's reign, the Ottoman empire was engaged in a war so called Long War (1591–1606) in which the Ottoman extension was checked by the Habsburg Empire. The Ottoman standing on the Eastern frontier was not better, particularly in Transcaucasia. Yerevan fell to Savafids in 1604, followed by other defeats.
End of the Growth era.
According to Turkish historians, Mehmet Pasha's death in 1579 during the reign of Murat III marked the end of the growth era. The first written document which proves a stagnation era had begun was the Peace of Zsitvatorok following the Long War (1591–1606) in 1606 during the reign of Ahmet I. Up to Zsitvatorok, Ottomans considered the The Habsburg Empire inferior to the Ottomans. In Zsitvarorok, they accepted the equality of the two empires.

</doc>
<doc id="2840943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840943" title="Assent">
Assent

Assent can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2840944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840944" title="Steven T. Byington">
Steven T. Byington

Steven Tracy Byington (birthname Stephen) (December 10, 1869 – October 12, 1957) was a noted intellectual, translator, and American individualist anarchist. He was born in Westford, Vermont, and later moved to Ballardvale section of Andover, Massachusetts. A one-time proponent of Georgism, he converted to individualist anarchism after associating with Benjamin Tucker. He was a firm believer in the promotion of individualist anarchism through education. He said "Anarchism has undertaken to change men's minds in one point by removing their faith in force" ("Quasi-Invasion and the Boycott" in "Liberty, X, 2"). He began a "Letter Writing Corps" in 1894 which targeted specific individuals, including newspapers, to familiarize others with the philosophical doctrine. He is known for translating two important anarchist works into English from German: Max Stirner's "The Ego and Its Own" and Paul Eltzbacher's "Anarchism; exponents of the anarchist philosophy" (also published by Dover with the title "The Great Anarchists: Ideas and Teachings of Seven Major Thinkers").
Byington was a cum laude graduate of the University of Vermont in 1891 and a member of the prestigious Phi Beta Kappa. He was considered a master of at least twelve languages, including classical languages. Paul specifically mentions his "some ability" in Arabic and Zulu, plus European languages. His writings included observations on new forms and changed usage of English words, publishing 25 articles in the journal "American Speech" from 1926-1946. However, he had a "handicap of speech" which made preaching difficult so despite his seminary training, he spent many years working as a proofreader.
Over the course of sixty years he translated the Bible from original texts and entitled it "The Bible in Living English". It was published posthumously in 1972 in New York by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society. He published a review of the "New World Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures", the English translation usually associated with Jehovah's Witnesses, in "The Christian Century" magazine, November 1, 1950, in which he indicated the translation was "well supplied with faults and merits."

</doc>
<doc id="2840952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840952" title="Certified Professional Electrologist">
Certified Professional Electrologist

A credential developed and administered through the American Electrology Association's International Board of Electrologist Certification (IBEC), the Certified Professional Electrologist (CPE) credential signifies that an electrologist's knowledge has been tested and measured against a national standard of excellence. The CPE must obtain seventy-five hours of continuing education, in a five-year period, to maintain this voluntary credential, or be re-tested.

</doc>
<doc id="2840961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840961" title="WLLD">
WLLD

WLLD is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits-formatted radio station licensed to Lakeland, Florida that serves the Tampa Bay area in Florida, and is owned by CBS Radio. Although the target audience of "WiLD 94.1" is mainly people of ages 18–49, its main competitors are currently Clear Channel's combo of Top 40 WFLZ ("93-3 FLZ"), and Urban Contemporary WBTP ("95.7 The Beat"). WLLD's transmitting facilities are in southeastern Hillsborough County, near the "Four Corners" while its studios are in St. Petersburg. The station can be picked up as far as Cape Coral, Leesburg, Orlando and Okeechobee. Unlike most rhythmic contemporary stations in the United States, which focus mostly on a broad-based playlist featuring dance and rhythmic pop (with little hip-hop/R&B) material, WLLD has an emphasis on hip-hop/rap and R&B tracks, which formed the format in the 1990s.
Station history.
94.1.
94.1 began broadcasting as WVFM in 1967 and aired an Easy Listening/Beautiful Music format for almost three decades, and changed its calls to WEZY in 1988. WEZY later evolved from pure Beautiful Music into Soft AC before changing to Smooth Jazz WSJT in 1995.
WiLD format.
The kayfabe line is that the station was started by two friends, Josh and Brian, who had been drinking on Josh's father's boat claiming to have pirated radio waves. The duo bragged of their contraband and irregulated airwaves until they were bought and turned into what is now the station that is broadcast today. In reality, the station just had a very small budget to start with, often resulting in the same songs playing over and over again. Tone Lōc's "Wild Thing" was the first song the station had played over the air. The fictional friends would claim to have allegiance toward the song during their drunken stupor and continued to play the song repeatedly over the course of days. For the first few days the station was on the air, the song continued to be played in an effort to spark word of mouth attention. 
At first, WLLD's musical direction included a balanced mix of hit-driven R&B/Hip-Hop and Dance tracks, mostly to counter rival WFLZ, a move that would pay off up until WBTP (WFLZ's sister station) debuted. Today, the station's playlist is atypical of most rhythmics as it consists of mostly hip-hop and R&B hits, thus is considered to be a "rhythmic crossover" by "Billboard". It also has competition from Rhythmic-leaning Top 40/CHR WPOI, which debuted in July 2011.
WLLD was located on the 98.7 frequency until August 19, 2009, at 5:00 PM, when it swapped frequencies with smooth jazz station WSJT. The first song played after the switch was Tone Loc's "Wild Thing", the same first song that was played when WLLD was first launched in 1998.
The "Original 12".
These songs were part of the original line up at WLLD. As previously mentioned, the budgetary restrictions on the station limited the songs that were played on the air. The following legendary line up was the result. 
KpDaGhost- Add A Little Suga <br>
Tone Loc - Wild Thing <br>
Bone Thugs-n-Harmony - Ghetto Cowboy <br>
Master P - Make em Say Ugh <br>
Jay-Z - Can I Get A.. <br>
Aaliyah - Are You That Somebody <br>
2 Live Crew - Me So Ugly <br>
Sylk E. Fine - Romeo and Juliet <br>
Adam Sandler - Ode to My Car (Piece of Shit Car) <br>
Notorious B.I.G. ft Puff Daddy & Mase - Mo Money Mo Problems <br>
Mýa - Take Me There <br>
Mýa - Movin' On <br>
Militia - Burn
The Last Damn Show and WiLD Splash.
The Last Damn Show is an annual concert put on by WLLD. It is put on in late October or early November every year since 1999. The show got its title from being the "last damn show" before the world ended in Y2K; hence, in continuation with the world remaining unscathed. Past performers include Eminem, Lil Wayne, Destiny's Child, P. Diddy, Busta Rhymes, Bubba Sparxxx, Lil Jon and the Eastside Boyz, Trick Daddy, Luke, Ludacris, Kanye West, and Twista among others. The concert was originally held at The St. Pete Times Forum, but is held in other locations, such as Tropicana Field. It has pulled in over 20,000 in attendance almost every year.
On the evening of September 11, 1999, WLLD broadcast the Last Damn Show concert live from 6 to 11 p.m. Because WLLD did not censor profane language and other instances of indecency from the broadcast, the Florida Family Association filed a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The Association wanted the FCC to revoke WLLD's license. The FCC fined WLLD owner Infinity Broadcasting $7,000 the following year. Infinity filed an appeal, but the FCC denied the appeal in 2004.
WiLDsplash is the annual concert during spring break out on by WLLD in Clearwater Beach. It has been a Bay Area staple since 2001 and pulls crowds in excess of 15,000 fans consistently. Past performers Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, Busta Rhymes, Bubba Sparxxx, 50 Cent, Sean Paul, Buju Banton, JoJo, 112, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Ziggy Marley, Young Jeezy, Stephen & Damien Marley among others.
The 'WILD' branding.
WLLD uses the "WiLD" branding in Tampa. The brand has since been trademarked by Clear Channel Communications years later since the debut of WLLD, which is due to Clear Channel owning KYLD/San Francisco, who has used the "WiLD" branding since their launch in 1992.
Like KYLD, when WLLD was started, the first song played was Tone-Loc's "Wild Thing", hence the station's branding basis.

</doc>
<doc id="2840962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840962" title="The Roof of the World">
The Roof of the World

The Roof of the World is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Doctor and friends arrive in Tibet, 1917 and investigate an ancient evil hidden in the Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="2840975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840975" title="Mike Michalske">
Mike Michalske

August Mike Michalske (April 24, 1903 - October 26, 1983) was an American football player and coach. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1964.
Originally a member of the short-lived New York Yankees National Football League team from 1927 to 1928, Michalske arrived in Green Bay in 1929 for the first of what would be nine seasons with the team. An All-America fullback during his Penn State career, the 6-foot, 210 pound Michalske convinced Packers coach Curly Lambeau to try him on the offensive line, where he became the first great guard in pro football, known for his combination of speed, agility and power.
The first guard inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Michalske was a key blocker in the Packers' championship seasons in 1929, 1930, and 1931, opening holes for the likes of Johnny "Blood" McNally and Bob Monnett. Michalske also played on the defensive line and was dubbed "Iron Mike" because despite playing 60 minutes a game, he missed only 9 of 104 games during his Packers tenure, 5 of them in his final season. Moreover, throughout his football career he played with an unrepaired congenital abdominal hernia.
Michalske was a six time consensus first team All-Pro in 1927-1931 and 1935. He wore nine uniform numbers over his Packers career, the most by any one player in team history: 19 (1932), 24 (1934), 28 (1931), 30 (1932), 31 (1933), 33 (1935), 36 (1929–30, 37), 40 (1935) and 63 (1934). Following his Packers career, Michalske became a coach, including a head coaching stint at Iowa State from 1942 to 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2840984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840984" title="Orlando Street Railway">
Orlando Street Railway

The Orlando Street Railway operated a mule-drawn streetcar line in downtown Orlando, Florida in the 1880s and 1890s. The main line ran north-south along Orange Avenue between Lake Lucerne and Lake Ivanhoe, with several east-west branches.
History.
A franchise was given by the city in late 1886 to S. V. Harkness and his new company, the Orlando Street Railway, to place tracks and run cars on certain streets. When completed, its main line ran along Orange Avenue from Lake Ivanhoe, near the north city limits at the time, south to Lake Lucerne. It ran around the west side of Lake Lucerne, and made several turns west and south to the South Florida Fair Association's property. One branch ran from the Church Street Station of the South Florida Railroad east on Church Street across Orange Avenue to Magnolia Avenue (then Main Street), then south on Main Street to a Methodist Episcopal church, and another branch ran east on Central Avenue from Orange Avenue.
Service was ended by early 1893, and a citrus freeze in 1894 and 1895 devastated Orlando's economy and ensured that the company would not resume operations. The tracks were removed in late 1896 or 1897, being considered a public nuisance. Many plans were made, including an extension of the Sanford Traction Company from Sanford, but no other street railways have entered downtown Orlando since.

</doc>
<doc id="2840994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840994" title="Great Lakes Exposition">
Great Lakes Exposition

The Great Lakes Exposition was held in Cleveland, Ohio, in the summers of 1936 and 1937, along the Lake Erie shore north of downtown. The fair commemorated the centennial of Cleveland's incorporation as a city. Conceived as a way to energize a city hit hard by the Great Depression, the exposition drew 4 million visitors in its first season, and 7 million by the end of its second and final season in September 1937. Dudley S. Blossom, a local philanthropist, became chairman of a civic committee that contributed $1.5 million to transform the idea into reality. The exposition was housed on grounds that are now used by the Great Lakes Science Center, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and Burke Lakefront Airport, among others.
A prominent entrance was at the north end of East 9th Street. The fairgrounds stretched from Public Hall to Lake Erie, and as far east as East 22nd Street, and covered . Fair attractions included a floating stage on the current site of the Great Lakes Science Center; the stage was home to jazz concerts by the Bob Crosby Orchestra. 
The fairgrounds reopened May 29, 1937, with Wallace Trevor Holliday, President of the Standard Oil Company, acting as President. The floating stage became the setting for Billy Rose's Aquacade, a water music and dance show produced by Billy Rose. It starred Johnny Weissmuller and Eleanor Holm. The Aquacade later traveled to New York City for the 1939 New York World's Fair. Some exhibits were secured from the Century of Progress. 1937 attendance was estimated at 3 million visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="2841008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841008" title="Holomorph (mathematics)">
Holomorph (mathematics)

In mathematics, especially in the area of algebra known as group theory, the holomorph of a group is a group which simultaneously contains (copies of) the group and its automorphism group. The holomorph provides interesting examples of groups, and allows one to treat group elements and group automorphisms in a uniform context. In group theory, for a group formula_1, the holomorph of formula_1 denoted formula_3 can be described as a semidirect product or as a permutation group.
Hol("G") as a semi-direct product.
If formula_4 is the automorphism group of formula_1 then
where the multiplication is given by
Typically, a semidirect product is given in the form formula_8 where formula_1 and formula_10 are groups and formula_11 is a homomorphism and where the multiplication of elements in the semi-direct product is given as
which is well defined, since formula_13 and therefore formula_14.
For the holomorph, formula_15 and formula_16 is the identity map, as such we suppress writing formula_16 explicitly in the multiplication given in 1 above.
For example, 
Observe, for example
and note also that this group is not abelian, as formula_26, so that formula_27 is a non-abelian group of order 6 which, by basic group theory, must be isomorphic to the symmetric group formula_28.
Hol("G") as a permutation group.
A group "G" acts naturally on itself by left and right multiplication, each giving rise to a homomorphism from "G" into the symmetric group on the underlying set of "G". One homomorphism is defined as "λ": "G" → Sym("G"), "λ"("g")("h") = "g"·"h". That is, "g" is mapped to the permutation obtained by left multiplying each element of "G" by "g". Similarly, a second homomorphism "ρ": "G" → Sym("G") is defined by "ρ"("g")("h") = "h"·"g"−1, where the inverse ensures that "ρ"("g"·"h")("k") = "ρ"("g")("ρ"("h")("k")). These homomorphisms are called the left and right regular representations of "G". Each homomorphism is injective, a fact referred to as Cayley's theorem.
For example, if "G" = "C"3 = {1, "x", "x"2 } is a cyclic group of order three, then
so "λ"("x") takes (1, "x", "x"2) to ("x", "x"2, 1).
The image of "λ" is a subgroup of Sym("G") isomorphic to "G", and its normalizer in Sym("G") is defined to be the holomorph "H" of "G". 
For each "f" in "H" and "g" in "G", there is an "h" in "G" such that "f"·"λ"("g") = "λ"("h")·"f". If an element "f" of the holomorph fixes the identity of "G", then for "1" in "G", ("f"·"λ"("g"))("1") = ("λ"("h")·"f")("1"), but the left hand side is "f"("g"), and the right side is "h". In other words, if "f" in "H" fixes the identity of "G", then for every "g" in "G", "f"·"λ"("g") = "λ"("f"("g"))·"f". If "g", "h" are elements of "G", and "f" is an element of "H" fixing the identity of "G", then applying this equality twice to "f"·"λ"("g")·"λ"("h") and once to the (equivalent) expression "f"·"λ"("g"·"h") gives that "f"("g")·"f"("h") = "f"("g"·"h"). That is, every element of "H" that fixes the identity of "G" is in fact an automorphism of "G". Such an "f" normalizes any "λ"("g"), and the only "λ"("g") that fixes the identity is "λ"(1). Setting "A" to be the stabilizer (group theory) of the identity, the subgroup generated by "A" and "λ"("G") is semidirect product with normal subgroup "λ"("G") and complement "A". Since "λ"("G") is transitive, the subgroup generated by "λ"("G") and the point stabilizer "A" is all of "H", which shows the holomorph as a permutation group is isomorphic to the holomorph as semidirect product.
It is useful, but not directly relevant, that the centralizer of "λ"("G") in Sym("G") is "ρ"("G"), their intersection is "ρ"(Z("G")) = "λ"(Z("G")), where Z("G") is the center of "G", and that "A" is a common complement to both of these normal subgroups of "H".

</doc>
<doc id="2841010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841010" title="Church Street Station">
Church Street Station

Church Street Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841015" title="Regional Transportation Authority (Illinois)">
Regional Transportation Authority (Illinois)

The Regional Transportation Authority (RTA) is the financial and oversight body for the three transit agencies in northeastern Illinois; the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA), Metra, and Pace, which are called Service Boards in the RTA Act. RTA serves Cook, DuPage, Kane, Lake, McHenry and Will counties.
The RTA Board consists of 16 directors, with 5 appointed by the Mayor of Chicago, 4 by the members of the Cook County Board elected outside of Chicago, one by the Cook County Board President, and one each by the County Board Chairman of the five collar counties. The Chairman of the RTA Board is the 16th member, and is appointed with the concurrence of 11 of the other RTA Board members, including at least 2 each from Chicago, suburban Cook County, and the collar counties, respectively. The chief executive officer is the executive director, who is appointed by the Chairman with the concurrence of 11 of the other directors.
The RTA system provides nearly 2 million rides per day, making it the third largest public transportation system in North America. The RTA provides several services to the public, including the RTA Travel Information line at 836-7000 from all Chicago area area codes, an automated Trip Planner, and "try transit" advertising.
The RTA has the authority to enter into agreements to provide service between points within the metropolitan region and outside of its territory, including into Indiana and Wisconsin.
History.
1974 origin.
RTA was created after a referendum in 1974. In 1973, CTA had instituted its first major service cuts, and several suburban bus companies, including Evanston Bus Company and Glenview Bus Company had ceased operations, forcing Evanston to make arrangements with CTA and Wilmette to start a municipal service. The Rock Island and Milwaukee Road were already facing financial distress, which would lead to their eventual bankruptcy, and the Illinois Central was petitioning the Interstate Commerce Commission to increase commuter fares, on the basis that the cost of operating its commuter train system was a burden on interstate commerce. While several suburbs had organized Mass Transit Districts to purchase equipment for the carriers with federal financial assistance, the Rock Island was still operating old equipment that it could not replace. In an attempt to deal with these problems in the six-county area, the RTA was established, with some taxing powers, to provide financial support through grants to the CTA and suburban mass transit districts, and purchase of service agreements with the private bus and rail operators.
1983 reorganization.
In 1983, after a financial crisis, and the RTA taking over several private bus companies and the Rock Island and Milwaukee Road lines, the RTA Act was amended to create the Suburban Bus Division, now known as Pace, and the Commuter Rail Division, now known as Metra. RTA's role then changed, so that it is now responsible for reviewing the operating and capital plans and expenditures of the Service Boards, developing an annual budget and program as well as a five-year plan, and distributing sales tax receipts to the Service Boards, in accordance with a statutory formula. However, RTA no longer provides service directly, as the Service Boards have the authority to determine the level, nature, and kind of public transportation to be provided,
The 1983 legislation also imposed the requirements that the level of fares must be sufficient, in the aggregate, to equal 50 percent of the cost of providing transportation, and that the RTA Board inform each Service Board, as part of the budget process, of its required recovery ratio for the next fiscal year.
2004-2007 funding debate and 2008 legislation.
Background.
In 2004, the CTA, projecting a $55 million funding shortfall in its 2005 budget, called for a "long term funding solution," involving a change to the sales tax distribution formula in the RTA Act. In response, the Illinois General Assembly appropriated $54 million to cover the cost of CTA's paratransit service for 2005. An amendment to the RTA Act made the RTA responsible for the funding, financial review and oversight of all ADA paratransit services, effective July 1, 2005, and transferred responsibility for operating or providing for the operation of paratransit service to Pace starting July 1, 2006, thereby relieving the CTA of that responsibility. The General Assembly also directed the Illinois Auditor General to audit the RTA and the Service Boards, as part of its review of the funding issue. The Auditor General's preliminary report, while agreeing that public funding was insufficient to support the level of transit services, said that the legislature must address other issues, including underfunded pensions, high salaries, absenteeism, and the lack of strong, centralized planning, resulting in several of the service boards competing for customers in the same areas, the Auditor General calling for "an end to the transit agencies fighting each other for customers, routes and federal funding for pet projects that may not fit into an overall regional transit plan."
The RTA approved 2007 Service Board budgets premised on the assumption that "a new funding source would be identified in 2007 to meet the funding requirements of budget."Similarly the Pace 2007 Suburban Service Budget stated that its budget was balanced using "new transit funds anticipated to be realized through the Region’s Moving Beyond Congestion initiative."The Metra Budget stated: "We have been advised by the Regional Transportation Authority (RTA) to prepare a 2007 budget that anticipates additional operations funding from the state. Although such funding is essential, we have no guarantee that it will be forthcoming." </ref> Nonetheless, the CTA budget recognized, "Without this new funding source, CTA will be forced to cut service." With no legislative action by August, 2007, CTA and Pace announced proposals for service cuts, popularly known as "Doomsday Plans," to be implemented September 16. The September plans were postponed when the Governor proposed advancing 2008 state subsidies.</ref> A new Doomsday date was set for November 4, but that was avoided when the Governor engineered a transfer of capital funds. Again, the legislature having failed to pass a transit bill, the three service boards proposed 2008 budgets that assumed no new funding and postulated service cuts by CTA and Pace, and the deferral of capital projects by Metra, as well as fare increases by all three agencies.</ref>
The barriers to 2007 passage of a bill were the requirement that a 3/5ths supermajority of the legislators was needed to pass a bill after May 31 to be immediately effective, the Governor had threatened to veto a bill that included a sales tax increase, and many legislators tied a transit bill to a capital plan and a casino bill to fund that capital plan. However, with a new Doomsday deadline of January 20, 2008 approaching, the Governor called on the legislature to pass some bill, and he would "improve it," presumably using the amendatory veto. The Legislature passed HB656 on January 10, to which the Governor affixed an amendatory veto allowing senior citizens to ride all transit systems in the state for free. Although various media reports expressed concern that the legislation could not receive the votes to sustain it after it was returned with the amendment, the amendatory veto was accepted and the legislation passed on January 17, 2008.
Legislative response.
The highlights of the 2008 amendments to the RTA Act include:
In addition, the legislation amended various other laws to deal with underfunding of the CTA Retirement Plan, and authorized the Chicago City Council to raise the real estate transfer tax for the sole benefit of the CTA, which it did.

</doc>
<doc id="2841021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841021" title="Henry Hubbard">
Henry Hubbard

Henry Hubbard (May 3, 1784June 5, 1857) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1829 to 1835, a Senator from New Hampshire during 1835 to 1841, and the Governor of New Hampshire from 1842 to 1844.
Early life.
Henry Hubbard was born on May 3, 1784, in Charlestown, New Hampshire in the United States. Hubbard was educated at home, and engaged in classical studies whilst taught by private tutors, before attending Dartmouth College and graduating from there in 1803. He studied law in Portsmouth with Jeremiah Mason, and was admitted to the New Hampshire bar around 1806. That year, he began practicing law in Charlestown. Hubbard married Sally Walker Dean in 1813; together, they would have 5 children.
Political career.
In 1810, Hubbard entered politics for the first time, and was elected to the position of Town Moderator; by the end of his life, he would be elected Town Moderator sixteen times. In 1812, Hubbard became a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, and served until 1814, as well as from 1819 to 1820, and 1823 to 1827. From 1825 to 1827, he was the Speaker of the House. Hubbard was also selectman in 1819, 1820 and 1828, the Judge Advocate of the 5th Militia Brigade, the Solicitor for Sullivan County from 1823 to 1828 as well as the state solicitor for Cheshire County during that time, and Probate Judge for Sullivan County beginning in 1827 and ending in 1829.
Early on, Hubbard was a Federalist, but on March 4, 1829, he started as a member of the United States House of Representatives, as a Jackson Democrat. He served during the 21st, 22nd, and 23rd Congresses; in the 22nd, he was the chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Hubbard was also the Speaker pro tem in 1834, and he left the House on March 4, 1835, having been elected to the United States Senate as a Democrat. During the 24th, 25th, and 26th Congresses, Hubbard held the position of chairman of the Committee on Claims. He ended his career in the Senate on March 4, 1841. Hubbard gained the Democratic nomination for Governor of New Hampshire, and was elected by popular vote in 1842, winning re-election in 1843. As Governor, Hubbard "favored lowering high national protective tariffs, denounced capital punishment, and called for state legislation to curb corporate shareholder profits made at the public expense." He also argued that women who owned property should be given a tax reduction.
Later life.
Hubbard was the subtreasurer in Boston from 1846 to 1849, afterwards returning to Charlestown to practice law. He died there on June 5, 1857, and was interred in Forest Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2841023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841023" title="Davies Gilbert">
Davies Gilbert

Davies Gilbert (born Davies Giddy) PRS (6 March 1767 – 24 December 1839) was a British engineer, author, and politician. He was elected to the Royal Society on 17 November 1791 and served as President of the Royal Society from 1827 to 1830.
Biography.
Davies Giddy was born on 6 March 1767, the second child of three, to the Reverend Edward Giddy, curate of St Erth church, and Catherine Davies, daughter of Henry Davies of Tredrea, St Erth. The first child, also Davies by forename, had died within 24 hours of birth in 1766, and the third child, daughter Mary Phillipa Davies Giddy (aka Philippa) was born in 1769. The Giddy family moved into Penzance, living on Chapel Street in 1775, until Giddy's mother Catherine inherited the family home of Tredrea back in St Erth. By 1780 the family returned to St Erth, and Davies was taught by his father, alongside his sister Philippa. Davies Giddy would later adopt Gilbert as his surname, the maiden name of his wife, the agronomist Mary Ann Gilbert, who he married at Easter of 1808.
Davies was educated first at Penzance Grammar School and then by his father, and by Rev Malachy Hitchens, the mathematical astronomer. At the age of 17, at the recommendation of Hitchins, he was sent to Bristol to join the Mathematical Academy of Benjamin Donne where he remained for three years. His sister Phillipa simultaneously finished her own schooling with the famous bluestocking Hannah More. He went up to Pembroke College, Oxfordin 1786, whence he graduated with a M.A. on 29 June 1789.
Davies was High Sheriff of Cornwall from 1792 to 1793. He served in the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Helston in Cornwall from 1804 to 1806 and for Bodmin from 1806 to 1832.
Giddy was an intimate friend of physician Thomas Beddoes, had attended Beddoes' lectures in Oxford when the latter had become University Reader in Chemistry in 1788 and had been a confidant of Beddoes in his plans for the Pneumatic Institution in Bristol. He noticed and encouraged Humphry Davy and convinced Beddoes that Davy was the man to work in the laboratory at the Institution.
The "Dictionary of National Biography" article says of him:
"Gilbert's importance to the development of science in the early nineteenth century lay in his faith that science provided the best means to tackle practical problems and in his facility as a parliamentary promoter of scientific ventures." 
His mathematical skills were sought by such early engineering pioneers as Jonathan Hornblower, Richard Trevithick and Thomas Telford. He also had a great interest for the history and culture of Cornwall. For instance, he removed a Celtic cross from near Truro, on the Redruth Road (where it had found new use as a gatepost), and took it to a churchyard in his new home of Eastbourne. When asked why he carried off a Cornish Cross and re-erected it in Eastbourne by the Rev. Canon Hockin, of Phillack, Mr. Davies replied, "It was in order to show the poor, ignorant folk that there was something bigger in the world than a flint!".
He assembled and published "A Parochial History of Cornwall" and collected and published a number of Cornish Carols.
He edited for publication a Cornish Language poem about the Passion: "Passyon agan Arluth", as "Mount Calvary" (1826). He was elected to the Society of Antiquaries in 1820. Gilbert was the President of the Royal Geological Society of Cornwall from its foundation in 1814 until his death.
Davies Gilbert was opposed to mass education during his time in parliament. When the Parochial Schools Bill of 1807 was debated in the Commons, Tory MP Davies Gilbert warned the House that:
"However specious in theory the project might be of giving education to the labouring classes of the poor, it would, in effect, be found to be prejudicial to their morals and happiness; it would teach them to despise their lot in life, instead of making them good servants in agriculture and other laborious employments to which their rank in society had destined them; instead of teaching them the virtue of subordination, it would render them factious and refractory, as is evident in the manufacturing counties; it would enable them to read seditious pamphlets, vicious books and publications against Christianity; it would render them insolent to their superiors; and, in a few years, the result would be that the legislature would find it necessary to direct the strong arm of power towards them and to furnish the executive magistrates with more vigorous powers than are now in force. Besides, if this Bill were to pass into law, it would go to burthen the country with a most enormous and incalculable expense, and to load the industrious orders with still heavier imposts. (Hansard, House of Commons, Vol. 9, Col. 798, 13 July 1807, quoted in Chitty 2007:15-16)"
Marriage and family.
On 18 April 1808 he married Mary Ann Gilbert, and in 1816 he took his wife's surname, Gilbert, to perpetuate it. This enabled the couple to inherit the extensive property in Sussex of her uncle, Thomas Gilbert, who had no male heir.
Three daughters and a son survived him. Their son, John Davies Gilbert (5 December 1811 – 16 April 1854) was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in April, 1834 but he does not seem to have published any scientific work.
Their eldest daughter, Catherine, married John Samuel Enys (b. 1796) on 17 April 1834. She was the mother of the notable New Zealand naturalist, John Davies Enys (11 October 1837 – 7 November 1912).
Their second daughter, Annie, married Rev. Henry Owen, rector of Heveningham, Suffolk on 4 December 1851.
The other daughters were Mary Susannah and Hester Elizabeth.
Publications.
Books and publications written or edited by Davies Gilbert include:

</doc>
<doc id="2841026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841026" title="Shmoo (disambiguation)">
Shmoo (disambiguation)

Shmoo or Schmoo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841029" title="Celestrium">
Celestrium

Celestrium is a trademark of a type of an austenitic stainless steel used in jewelry. It resembles white gold, but is cheaper and more durable. Celestrium is strong, resistant to chemical reaction, and easy to maintain. The same or similar alloys are marketed as white ultrium, in particular when used for class rings.

</doc>
<doc id="2841035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841035" title="Holomorph">
Holomorph

Holomorph may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841036" title="George Kessler">
George Kessler

George Edward Kessler (July 16, 1862 – March 20, 1923) was a German American pioneer city planner and landscape architect.
Over the course of his forty-one year career, George E. Kessler completed over 200 projects and prepared plans for 26 communities, 26 park and boulevard systems, 49 parks, 46 estates and residences, and 26 schools. His projects can be found in 23 states, 100 cities, in places as far flung as Shanghai, New York, and Mexico City.
"Planning", wrote Kessler, "should be comprehensive. Even though a grand urban design could only be realized in bits and pieces, and over a long period of years, still we should always know where we are going. Each bit and piece should be understandable by reference to the great plan of which it is a part. Planning must also be relevant to the particular city: its geography, its economic character, all its local peculiarities. We must," he insisted, "deal with it in its application to the entire city. The object is to make cities decent places for masses of people to live in. Cities grow mostly by accident in response to trends in the real estate market. Very little thought is given to their qualitative characters. But there comes a time when development must be subject to control, when further growth must be planned such that urbanization will no longer proceed at the expense of devastating 'nature.'"
Early life and education.
George E. Kessler was born in Frankenhausen, Germany to Edward Carl Kessler and Adolphe Clotilde Zeitsche Kessler on July 16, 1862. In 1865 the family, including George's sister, Fredericka Antionette Louisa, emigrated to the United States. After living briefly in New Jersey, Missouri, and Wisconsin, the family ultimately settled in Dallas, Texas where George's father and uncle invested in a cotton plantation. His father died in 1878. After his father's death, George, at the age of sixteen, worked as a cashboy at Sanger Brothers Dry Goods.
After consultation with relatives, Clotilde decided that landscape architecture would combine the right degree of creativity and practicality to suit her son's temperament. The family moved back to Germany, where George received formal training. He undertook a two-year apprenticeship at the private landscape gardening school at the Grand Ducal Gardens in Weimar, Germany, where he studied botany, forestry, and design under Hofgartner Armin Sckell and Garteninspector Julius Hartwig.
He then worked for several months with Haage and Schmidt, a major German plant nursery in Erfurt. He received further training in Charlottenburg and Potsdam that included a brief study at Gaertner Lehr Anstalt, the school of garden design founded by Peter Joseph Lenné; technical engineering study at Gartner-Jehranstalt; study with Hofgartner Theodore Neitner at the Neue Garten; and study at the Polytechnicum, the premier horticultural library in Germany.
Upon completion of a course in civil engineering at the University of Jena, he toured central and western Europe and southern England for one year with a tutor in order to study civic design in major cities from Paris to Moscow.
"Of all of it," he later said, "the travel was of most value."
Career.
First job and Merriam Park.
In October 1881, the Kessler family returned to New York. From January 1882 through March, Kessler sent four letters to Frederick Law Olmsted. The January 22 letter is the first record of his attempt to begin work in the United States. In the letter Kessler wrote of his studies and travel in Europe and wondered about an arboretum job at Boston's Arnold Arboretum. In the February 15 letter, Kessler wrote that he was “certain of a situation in Central Park” and of an offer of a partnership with a florist in Woodlawn. “Since November”, Kessler wrote, “I have been in the employ of A. LeMoult 172 and 174 Bowery, having charge of his greenhouse, seed and grass stock. Decoration of concert halls were also mostly in my care.” Kessler also sent drawings.
Olmsted responded in March and urged Kessler "to be ambitious to be master in higher fields" than pleasure grounds and home gardens. Also Olmsted encouraged Kessler to educate himself about nature through reading, reflection, and excursions, and to aim to free himself from German associations in order to expand his capabilities and to not limit his influence and opportunities. A recommended reading list of book was included. Olmsted concluded by writing that the Kansas City, Fort Scott, and Gulf Railway Company might be in need of a man to take charge of a public picnic or excursion ground. He told Kessler that the President, H.H. Hunniwell, would be in New York, and that Olmsted had given him Kessler’s address.
On March 18, Kessler provided additional information on his work in the Bowery and wrote that if he stayed with LeMoult, he would receive fifteen dollars a week. The last letter to Olmsted on March 23 stated that Kessler was taking a position with the railroad at Merriam Park in Johnson County, Kansas, for a salary of forty dollars per month. The work was to design and supervise the construction of the railroad’s pleasure park.
Merriam Park was located ten miles southwest of Kansas City, Missouri. Kessler, along with his mother and sister, moved to a house on John Mastin’s Johnson County farm. Besides working on the park, Kessler served as caretaker of the farm property.
Although Merriam Park had been dedicated in 1880, when Kessler arrived there was only one building intended for visitors, a square dance floor, and nearly all the valuable trees had been cut down for cordwood. Less than two years after Kessler started the park had become a great success. The park had been enclosed with a fence and the main entrance was an ornamental archway. Features included an open-air shelter for large public gatherings, wild animal exhibits, picnic grounds, a pavilion, a lake, tennis courts, croquet grounds, a horse-drawn merry-go-round, numerous swings, and a baseball diamond. The cost to enter the park was 25 cents and the park attracted more than 20,000 visitors each day. A detailed description of the park before and after Kessler may be found in "The Life and Work of George Edward Kessler".
Kessler maintained a nursery in the park filled with a large variety of trees and shrubs. He was also responsible for sales from the park’s icehouse and arranged excursions to the park. In addition to his work at Merriam Park, Kessler prepared landscape plans and supervised the maintenance of many of the railroad’s stations in Kansas and Missouri. He also managed the company’s two experimental tree farms () near Farlington, Kansas.
Kansas City.
Kessler soon opened an office in Kansas City and went looking for more work. In 1887 he was commissioned to bring order to a hollow that formed the center of Kansas City's fashionable Hyde Park neighborhood. Kessler landscaped the hollow and then encircled it with a boulevard to prevent residents from turning it into part of their backyards. The layout spurred sales of stately homes along the boulevard.
The success of the project drew the attention of The Kansas City Star publisher, William Rockhill Nelson, who would champion the City Beautiful Movement.
On May 31, 1890, Kessler applied to become the landscape architect for the city's newly created Park Board. Following court challenges on whether the city could issue bonds to fund parks, Kansas City finally got the approvals to create a park board on March 5, 1892, thanks to the efforts of August Meyer. Kessler had earlier designed the grounds of Meyer's house in what is today's Kansas City Art Institute. Kansas City's model for park and boulevard systems would be used by numerous cities. Kessler was hired as the board's engineer.
Kessler later worked with Meyer to lay out the city's street grid including a parks and boulevard system. The initial 1893 plan called for of boulevards and of parks. The Paseo was named after the famed "Paseo de la Reforma", one of Mexico City's most fashionable boulevards.
On May 14, 1900 Kessler married Ida Grant Field of Kansas City, Missouri. They had one son, George Edward Kessler, Jr.
Booming practice.
The same year he also designed Fair Park in Dallas, but his biggest contribution to that city was his Kessler Plan, which he created in 1909. That year the Dallas Chamber of Commerce established the City Plan and Improvement League and hired Kessler to design a long-range plan of civic improvements for Dallas. His plans aimed to prevent the uncontrollable flooding of the Trinity River, improve the narrow, crooked downtown streets, fix the dangerous railroad crossings, and construct the Central Expressway. His plans were not implemented at that time, being deemed "impractical," but later it became clear that changes were needed. The Central Expressway project was finally realized 40 years after the Kessler Plan was first presented.
In 1910 Kessler moved to St. Louis, Missouri. In 1912 and 1913 he designed the expansive Longview Farm for Robert A. Long, south of Kansas City. With over , it was community bigger than some small towns, with over 50 buildings. The landscaping earned the farm the title of "The World's Most Beautiful Farm". The community had underground electricity, filtered water from a water tower, steam heating, and indoor plumbing, as well as of macadamized roads that was innovative for that era. The landscape layout around the mansion included manicured shrubbery, fountains, and a tennis court.
Kessler was hired to resolve a politically charged development dispute involving the park system of Indianapolis in 1908. He studied the city for a year before submitting his plan for a park and boulevard system, which was adopted in 1909. Kessler led the city's Park Commission until 1915.
In 1918 Kessler returned to act as consulting engineer for the Dallas Property Owner's Association, and in 1919 began working for the Metropolitan Development Association of the Dallas Chamber of Commerce. On January 3, 1922, he returned to St. Louis. His plans for the Trinity River were finally implemented in the 1930s.
Kessler also drafted city plans for Cincinnati, Ohio; Terre Haute, Indiana; Cleveland, Ohio; El Paso, Texas; Denver, Colorado; and Syracuse, New York. He also designed Camp Wilson, an army cantonment near San Antonio, Texas.
Death and memorials.
In 1920, George Kessler was again hired by Indianapolis. He was supervising the construction of a new major east/west belt road on March 20, 1923, when he died. He was survived by his wife and son and was buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis, Missouri.
The Indianapolis road he was supervising was named Kessler Boulevard in his honor. In Dallas, the Kessler Park neighborhood is named for him. Longview, Washington named Kessler Boulevard and Kessler Elementary School in his honor.
Kessler was a founder of the American Institute of Planners. He was also one of the original members of the United States Commission of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2841040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841040" title="James Murray (American actor)">
James Murray (American actor)

James Murray (February 9, 1901 – July 11, 1936) was an American movie actor best known for starring in the 1928 film "The Crowd".
Career.
Born in The Bronx, New York, James Murray went to Hollywood in the 1920s to try to succeed as an actor. After several years of work, mostly as an extra, with little hope of a starring role, he was "discovered" by director King Vidor, who saw Murray walking by on the MGM lot. Vidor was about to begin work on a new film and thought Murray might look right for the lead. Murray, however, failed to show up for the meeting he arranged with Vidor, apparently thinking it to be a joke. Vidor subsequently tracked him down, and Murray's performance in "The Crowd" was lauded by both the critics and the public. Before his work in "The Crowd", Murray had starred alongside Joan Crawford in "Rose-Marie" in 1928.
Despite success in subsequent MGM films such as Lon Chaney's "The Big City" and "Thunder", Murray's life soon took a turn for the tragic that eerily mirrored his role in "The Crowd". Excessive drinking led to a scarcity of roles, and by 1934 he was panhandling on the street. In an instance of extreme coincidence, he tried panhandling a man who turned out to be King Vidor. Vidor offered Murray a role in his upcoming film, "Our Daily Bread", but Murray turned it down, deeming it an act of pity.
In all, James appeared in 36 movies. In most of his post silent era films, particularly those made during the last few years of his career, he was cast in uncredited bit parts or as an extra.
Death.
In 1936, Murray drowned after falling from the string-piece of a pier into the Hudson River. The medical examiner determined that the cause was "asphyxia by submersion," without ruling on whether it was an accident or suicide. He was interred at the Calvary Cemetery in Woodside, Queens, New York. At the time of his death, he was married to actress Marion Sayers.
Decades later, Vidor was still so haunted by Murray's tragic decline that he wrote an unrealized screenplay about his life, "The Actor".

</doc>
<doc id="2841051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841051" title="The Last Casino">
The Last Casino

The Last Casino is a 2004 Canadian television film on the subject of card counting. This movie draws heavily from the ideas espoused in the book Bringing Down the House.
Premise.
Mathematics professor Doug Barnes has big problems. He is seriously addicted to gambling, and is heavily in debt to a vicious gangster (the Usurer). Barnes has been banned from his local casino, and the Usurer wants his money back. Barnes has only one card left up his sleeve . . .
Treatment.
Professor Barnes is paid an unexpected call at his university office by the Usurer. Barnes explains he has had a bad patch; but the Usurer wants his money. Barnes quickly comes up with the idea of forming "a team" of card counters, telling the Usurer "It's the only way you'll get your money back". At this, the Usurer snips the tip off the professor's little finger as a warning to pay the debt; but tells him he will consider the proposal.
Barnes goes ahead and recruits three of the brightest, if mostly impoverished students from the university, luring them in with the promise of $1,000 per night each for "doing a little math". He then goes ahead and teaches them the art of card counting. Whilst initially highly successful, the three of them soon begin to succumb to the tempation easy money presents, and the pressure is soon on them to raise the money necessary to pay the professor's debts . . .

</doc>
<doc id="2841059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841059" title="Get in the Ring">
Get in the Ring

"Get in the Ring" is the fifth song on the Guns N' Roses album "Use Your Illusion II". It was written by Axl Rose, Duff McKagan and Slash and is directed at music critics who gave the band negative reviews because of their actions on stage. Critics from "Hit Parader" (Andy Secher), "Circus", "Kerrang!" (Mick Wall) and "Spin" (Bob Guccione, Jr.) are all mentioned by name.
Allegedly, Mick Wall of "Kerrang!" music magazine was mentioned because of his book "Guns N’ Roses: The Most Dangerous Band in the World", which was a no holds barred collection of interviews and stories about the band. Wall denies this, and claims that the real reason for his mention was an interview he wrote in early 1990 for "Kerrang!" about Axl Rose’s threat to harm Vince Neil of Mötley Crüe over an incident involving Neil’s wife and Izzy Stradlin.
The song's reference to Bob Guccione, Jr. includes a comment about how his father (founder of "Penthouse" magazine) 'gets more pussy' than Guccione Jr. does. The younger Guccione actually responded in a letter to Axl Rose, saying that he accepted the challenge; however, no fight ever occurred.
"Get in the Ring" is notorious for its amount of swearing. The song was originally written by McKagan with the title "Why Do You Look at Me When You Hate Me?", which is the song's first line. Nevertheless, the title was shortened, and the original title became the first line in the final version. It was then going to be titled "Get in the Ring Motherfucker," but that was changed as well.
The song heard on the album was actually not performed live, but was rather recorded in the studio and crowd noises were added to it (similar to all the songs on "Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide"), recorded from a concert in Saratoga Springs, New York, on June 10, 1991. Such noises included the "Guns N' Roses" chant in the beginning and the "get in the ring" chant at the end. Oddly enough, despite its live atmosphere on record, it was one of the very few songs the band never played live.

</doc>
<doc id="2841072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841072" title="The Craig Machine">
The Craig Machine

The Craig Machine is a live album by comedian Stephen Lynch released on October 4, 2005 on What Are Records?. The CD was recorded live at Symphony Space in New York City on May 9 and 16, 2005. "The Craig Machine" debuted at #2 on "Billboard Magazine"'s Comedy Charts.
The title is lifted from a lyric from the fifth track on the album, which is from the point of view of Jesus Christ's brother, Craig. The quoted lyric asks of the listener "not 'What Would Jesus Do?' but 'Where will you be when the Craig Machine comes partyin' through?'"
Track listing.
All tracks composed and performed by Stephen Lynch.

</doc>
<doc id="2841074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841074" title="FC Luzern">
FC Luzern

Fussball-Club Luzern, commonly known as FC Luzern or simply abbreviated to FCL, is a Swiss football club based in Lucerne. The club colours are blue and white, derived from the City of Lucerne and Canton of Lucerne coats of arms. They play their home games at Swissporarena which was newly built in 2011 at the place of the old Stadion Allmend.
The club was founded in 1901 and has won the Swiss Super League once and the Swiss Cup twice.
History.
FC Luzern was officially founded on 12 August 1901 in Lucerne. After two years, FCL joined the Swiss Football League and started its first championship season in the third division. In the following years, FC Luzern was playing in various leagues. After the introduction of a new league system in 1944 (consisting of Nationalliga A and Nationalliga B as the two top tiers) FCL was alloted into Nationalliga B. The club remained in the second division until it was promoted in 1953. In the following years, FCL mainly played in the Nationalliga A. In 2003, after several seasons with financial and sporting troubles, the club got relegated to the renamed Challenge League, the former Nationalliga B. In 2006, after three seasons in the second division, FC Luzern celebrated its return into the top division (Super League) of Swiss football. In 2012 the club finished second in the Super League, securing its best league finish in 23 years.
FC Luzern's greatest success was winning the Swiss Championship in 1989. FCL have also won the Swiss Cup twice (1960 and 1992) and finished runners-up four times (1997, 2005, 2007, 2012).
Fans and rivalries.
Although the club has only won three important national trophies, FC Luzern is one of the traditional football clubs in the country with a strong local supporter base. In the 2011/12 season, FCL had the third highest average attendance in the Swiss Super League.
There are a number of rivalries between FCL and other teams, especially between their Ultras groups. The local derby is played with SC Kriens, whose stadium is located less than one kilometer from FCL's facilities at Allmend. Due to the reduction of the Swiss football league in the past years, the two clubs are now separated by two leagues. Because of this fact, the rivalry is not as big anymore as during the periods in the 1990s or after the year 2003, when both clubs were playing in the same league.
A majority of the fans view FC St. Gallen, FC Sion and Grasshopper Club Zürich as big rivals. Numerous incidents and fan fights occurred around games between FC Luzern and these teams in the last decade.
Stadium.
Between 1934 and 2009, FCL played their home games at the Stadion Allmend, which had a theoretical capacity of 25,000. For security reasons however, the Swiss Football Association did not allow more than 13,000 to attend. Until a new stadium was completed, FC Luzern temporarily played their home games in the Gersag Stadion located in Emmenbrücke.
In August 2011, the club moved into the newly built Swissporarena which is located at the place of the old ground. The opening game ended with a 0-0 draw against FC Thun.

</doc>
<doc id="2841079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841079" title="Daily Record (Morristown)">
Daily Record (Morristown)

The Daily Record is a seven-day morning daily newspaper located in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey. Sometimes called the Morristown Daily Record because of its historical ties to nearby Morristown, New Jersey, the paper serves the greater Morris County area of northern New Jersey. It is owned by Gannett Company, who purchased it from the Goodson Newspaper Group in 1998. Goodson had owned the paper since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2841081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841081" title="Designs in Machine Embroidery">
Designs in Machine Embroidery

Designs in Machine Embroidery is published bi-monthly by Great Notions News Corporation, based in Dallas, TX. Eileen Roche is the Editor and Publisher who founded the magazine in 1998. In addition to managing the publication, Eileen also manufactures embroidery related products including books, software and tools.
The magazine founder and editor, Eileen Roche, has appeared on the television show "Sewing With Nancy".
Machine Embroidery designs are available in most of format but widely used embroidery format is DST format which is not editable once you have created the design. The editable format of the design is EMB format which is widely used by embroidery digitizers worldwide.You can convert embroidery designs from one format to another one by using au/truesizer Wilcom Truesizer.

</doc>
<doc id="2841086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841086" title="Rani Bhabani">
Rani Bhabani

Rani Bhabani () (1716–1795) was a zamindar during the British colonial era in what is now of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.
Life.
Born in Chhatin gram,Thana: Adamdighi, Bogra District, Bhabani was married off to Raja Ramkanta, the then zamindar of Rajshahi. After his death, Bhabani became the de jure zamindar, and started being referred to as "Rani", or queen. A woman as a zamindar was extremely rare in those days, but Rani Bhabani managed the vast Rajshahi zamindari most efficiently and effectively for over four decades. John Holwell, an English writer, speculated that the stipulated annual rent of the estate to the crown was 7 million rupees, the real revenues being about 15 million.
However, what made Rani Bhabani a household name among the common people was her philanthropy and general generosity, combined with an austere personal life. The number of temples, guesthouses and roads she constructed across Bengal is believed to be in the hundreds. She also built numerous water tanks, alleviating the acute water problem of her subjects. She was also interested in the spread of education and donated generously to many educational institutes.
During the era of Rani Bhabani, she made some great contributions for the development and renovation of Bhabanipur temple. Bhabanipur is a shakti-peeth which is located at Sherpur Upazila of Bogra District.
Rani Bhabani's house in Natore remains a main tourist attraction in Bangladesh to date.
Contributions.
Rani Bhabani is also famous as 'Natorer Rani'. She also made great contributions in Tarapith & Varanasi (Benaras). At that time it was undivided Bengal. Tarapith today is a place in West Bengal, India which is famous for Ma Tara (goddess Tara) & Her son Sadhak Bamakhepa (Bamdev). At that period he was expressing his divine powers. He expressed his divine bliss to Rani Bhabani. The result is today's Temple. She took the responsibilities of the expenses of Tarapith. Rani Bhabani is immortal in West Bengal's people's mind today for this. In Varanasi, there are two Ma Durga temples. One is established by Rani Bhabani & another by Rani Ahilyabai Holkar of Indore. Till this day the golden Durgas is being worshipped in Varanasi (Benaras). We have to note that both of these Ranis of India came at the same period. Both of them have made great contributions on Indian heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="2841096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841096" title="Vidal">
Vidal

Vidal (, ) is a surname of Spanish origin, also used in English. It is also a given name.
References.
http://genforum.genealogy.com/vidal/messages/143.html
http://www.portuguesaebrasileira.com/genealogia.html
http://www.heraldicapellido.com/v6/Vidal.htm

</doc>
<doc id="2841103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841103" title="Valerie Davis">
Valerie Davis

Valerie Davis is a fictional character on the NBC daytime drama "Passions". Valerie has been played by Daphnee Duplaix Samuel from December 16, 2004 - May 28, 2008. Valerie was temporarily played by Siena Goines, from January 30 - March 29, while Samuel was on maternity leave. Samuel returned on April 16, 2007.
Character history.
Valerie Davis is one of the few black employees of Crane Industries, where she works as an executive assistant to Theresa Crane; in the past, she was an executive assistant to Chad Harris and Fox Crane. She is helping put her little sister through college. Valerie is often seen at the office meddling in the lives of the various Crane family members. Valerie once slept with Chad Harris and remains his friend despite Chad being in love with Whitney Russell, the woman he once believed to be his half-sister. Valerie was once in league with Ivy Winthrop in her attempts to break up Fox Crane and Kay Bennett.
Valerie Davis began working for Crane Industries right out of secretarial college. Her father had worked on the loading docks, and her mother has been employed at Crane Industries for a long time. Her father worked for Crane Industries for many years, but didn't receive anything when he retired. Valerie is proud of her heritage, and had always been resentful of the fact that she was one of the few black employees hired by Crane Industries. She was pleased that Chad had chosen to stay on at Crane, and hopeful that the two of them could help change Crane Industries low percentage of minority employees. Because of the long amount of time Valerie has worked for the company, she is aware of many secrets the Cranes would rather not let out. With Alistair out of the picture, though, Valerie is happy in her job as she has a newfound respect for Julian, who has changed a lot recently.
Valerie was initially assigned to work with Chad by Julian on a special project he wanted Chad and Fox to work on together. It didn't take long before Valerie realized that Whitney still had strong feelings for her half-brother and didn't want him to have another woman in his life. While Fox's assistant was on vacation, Valerie offered to help him. He turned her down, but she realized he was working on the same Danmu project that Julian had assigned to Chad. She immediately went to warn Chad, who tried to convince her that Fox was just trying to keep up to speed, having just been rehired by Crane Industries. When Fox began handing out Christmas gifts to all the staff, Valerie pointed out to Chad that all Fox was doing was trying to score browning points. After all, he did want to be C.E.O of Crane Industries someday. Chad still wouldn't believe that Fox would do that to him, until Julian and Fox came in together and Julian took him off the Danmu project. Chad admitted he didn't want to play those kind of games, and Valerie assured him she would help him take care of himself.
Valerie kept a low profile for several months, popping up at work when needed. Then, one day Eve Russell walked into Julian's office, and found Julian having sex with Valerie on his desk. Valerie was mortified by her actions, since she claimed to be in a relationship at the time. She begged Eve for forgiveness and told her she didn't know why she did it. Eve lashed out at both Julian and Valerie, which ended with Valerie and Eve embroiled in a vicious catfight. Valerie left ashamed of herself and her actions, and realized that Eve was telling the truth when she said that she (Valerie) was trying to sleep her way to the top.
Valerie was then stuck in the middle of another dispute of love when Whitney believed that Valerie was the woman Chad was cheating with. Whitney once walked in on Valerie in bed with a man, whom she believed was Chad. It was not Chad, but Whitney still had her doubts. Whitney once went so far as to verbally attack Valerie and even threatened her. It was revealed to viewers that Valerie wasn't sleeping with Chad, as she told him that he should end his affair and stay with Whitney unless he wanted to lose her again.
Valerie was also involved in Ethan's attempt to uncover Jared Casey's plan against Theresa. She originally did not want to get involved, but was later coaxed into helping Ethan. For her part in Ethan's plan, she was nearly fired by Theresa.
At Fox and Kay's wedding, Whitney surprised Theresa when she announced that she had hooked Valerie up with Vincent, a tabloid reporter. Later that same evening Whitney, again suspicious of Chad, went to the Safari hotel to find him. On the registry list she found Valerie's name. In a rage she had Theresa threaten the hotel worker with the Crane power, and they were able to go into Valerie's room. Whitney found a sleeping, naked Valerie under the covers and went off on her. Valerie eventually explained that she wasn't with Chad, and proved it by showing that she was with Vincent, the tabloid reporter. That was the second man Whitney found Valerie with at the Safari hotel in that month, first Stan, then Vincent.
Valerie gave Jared a warning about Theresa and the Crane family.
Valerie was seen on occasion gushing about how wonderful Vincent was to anyone that would listen; she thanked Whitney for setting them up. She was hired by Julian to help him find his and Eve's son. She gave Julian and Eve information on their son, saying that he not only was severely abused as a child, but that he also currently lives in Harmony.
Meanwhile, Whitney caught Vincent cheating on Valerie, not realizing that Vincent is cheating on Valerie with Chad, Whitney's own husband. Whitney told Valerie, who was furious and thanked Whitney for all her help and left to go find Vincent. Chad decided to follow her to ensure Vincent (who had begun to show a violent streak and actually attempted to kill Whitney before she could inform Valerie of his betrayal) wouldn't hurt her.
When Chad got to Valerie's house, he heard her and Vincent fighting. Valerie told Vincent it was over, but he replied that no one ever leaves him. Chad then heard Vincent hitting Valerie as she screamed. Chad managed to break down the door, and found Valerie huddling against the sofa, disheveled and sobbing. Chad comforted Valerie and looked for Vincent, who had escaped out the window. Valerie wanted to call the police, but Chad convinced her not to, realizing that if the police were involved Vincent would expose his secret to Whitney.
Valerie has since been helping Julian and Eve with their son. Julian paid Valerie to lie to Eve in order to get her to forgive him for sleeping with Ivy, again.
On one occasion, Julian flirted with Valerie and made her an offer to "pick up where they left off". Valerie danced on the idea, but when Julian left, she pulled a gun out of her desk and threatened his life. Vincent was later seen taking the gun from Valerie's desk and saying, "Harmony has no idea what I'll do next!", further fueling fans' speculations that Vincent and Valerie are the same person.
Valerie was again seen when Sam, Fancy and Sheridan were trying to catch the blackmailer and found her bound and gagged in Eve's office; the blackmailer had apparently attacked her. Since then Valerie has continued helping Eve and Julian with their son, but her presence and demeanor still have fans questioning her true intentions. It is believed that Valerie and Vincent are the same person and that Valerie is more of the nice girl, whereas Vincent is more of the bad guy and it's two different personalities since Vincent is a hermaphrodite. The two are never shown together and in a recent episode it showed them fighting, but not together before Whitney came to Valerie/Vincent's rescue.
This speculation was confirmed in the final episode that NBC aired on September 7, 2007, when Valerie took off a mask to reveal her real identity as Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="2841126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841126" title="Campion (TV series)">
Campion (TV series)

Campion is a television show made by the BBC, adapting the Albert Campion mystery novels written by Margery Allingham. Two series were made, in 1989 and 1990, starring Peter Davison as Campion, Brian Glover as his manservant Magersfontein Lugg and Andrew Burt as his policeman friend Stanislaus Oates.
A total of eight novels were adapted, four in each series, each of which was originally broadcast as two separate hour-long episodes. Peter Davison sang the title music for the first series himself; in the second series, it was replaced with an instrumental version.
Car.
A Lagonda 16/80 featured extensively in the series. The car used in the series is now kept in Germany.
DVD.
The box set of every episode is available, distributed by Acorn Media UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2841139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841139" title="Hal (album)">
Hal (album)

Hal is the eponymous debut of Irish band Hal, released by Rough Trade Records on May 10, 2005.
External links.
Read an Album Review by Tim Sendra: []

</doc>
<doc id="2841146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841146" title="Johann Amadeus Francis de Paula, Baron of Thugut">
Johann Amadeus Francis de Paula, Baron of Thugut

Johann Amadeus Franz de Paula Thugut (May 24, 1736 – May 28, 1818) was an Austrian diplomat.
Early life.
He was born in Linz. His origin and name have been the subject of legends more or less malicious and probably the inventions of enemies. It has been said that the correct form of his name was Thunichtgut, or Thenitguet ("do no good"), and was altered to Thugut ("do good") by Maria Theresa. Tunicotta has been given as a variation. But Thugut was the name of his great-grandfather, who belonged to Budweis in southern Bohemia. He was the legitimate son of Johann Thugut, an army paymaster, who married Eva Maria Mösbauer, daughter of a miller near Vienna. The paymaster, who died about 1760, left his widow and children in distress, and Maria Theresa took charge of them.
Constantinople.
Johann Amadeus was sent to the school of Oriental languages. He entered the Austrian foreign office as an interpreter and was appointed dragoman to the embassy at Constantinople. In 1769 he was appointed "chargé d'affaires", and in that capacity secured a grant of money and a promise of the territory of Little Wallachia from the Turks during the negotiations connected with the first partition of Poland.
In 1771 he was appointed internuncio at Constantinople and was actively engaged, under the direction of Prince Kaunitz, in all the diplomacy of Austria in Turkey and Poland until he secured the cession of the Bukovina on the May 7, 1775. During these years Thugut was engaged in a mean intrigue. His salary as dragoman was small, and his needs great. He therefore agreed to receive a pension of 13,000 livres, a brevet of lieutenant-colonel, and a promise of a safe refuge in case of necessity from the king of France, Louis XV. The condition on which the pension was granted was that he took advantage of his position as an Austrian official to render secret services to France. The only excuses to be made for him are that such hidden arrangements were not uncommon before and in his time, and that as a matter of fact he never did render France any real service, or betray his masters at Vienna. Yet the terror of discovery disturbed him at several periods of his life, and when Louis XV died in 1774 he showed a strong disposition to take refuge in France, and would have done so if Louis XVI would have given him a promise of employment. His pension was continued.
It seems to be tolerably certain that at a later period he made a clean breast to the emperor Francis II. His services at Constantinople were approved by Prince Kaunitz, who may possibly have been informed of the arrangement with the French secret diplomatic fund. It is never safe to decide whether these treasons were single or double. When Thugut was appointed internuncio he was also ennobled, being raised to the "Ritterstand". After 1775 he travelled in France and Italy, partly on diplomatic service.
Pre-Revolutionary Period.
In 1778 he was the agent through whom Maria Theresa entered into direct negotiations with Frederick the Great, in order to stop the Bavarian War. In 1780 he was Austrian envoy in Warsaw, but in 1783 he applied for leave and satisfied his hankering after France by living for four years in Paris.
It was in this time that his savings, made during his years of service at Constantinople, by means which would probably not bear investigation, were invested in France. Thugut became acquainted with many of the leaders in the French Revolution. From 1787 to 1789 he was minister at Naples, and showed great tact in managing the queen, Maria Carolina, a daughter of Maria Theresa. In 1790 he was sent by the emperor Joseph II to Bucharest, nominally as commissioner with the hospodar of Wallachia, but in reality in order that he might open negotiations for peace with the Turks.
Revolutionary Wars.
Until 1792 he was much in France and Belgium, partly as a diplomatic agent, but largely because he was anxious to rescue his investments, which were ultimately lost. His personal grievances may have had some share in creating the hatred of the Revolution and the Jacobins, for which he was afterwards famous.
In 1792 he was associated with Mercy-Argenteau, formerly Austrian ambassador in France, as diplomatic agent at the headquarters of the allied army. The mismanagement of the invasion of France excited his anger. He came back to Vienna to report the facts to Francis II, to whom he presented a statement on December 27. On January 19, 1793 he was appointed "armée-diplomat" at headquarters, largely, it is said, by the intrigues of Philip Cobenzl and Spielmann, who wished to have him out of the way. But he never went, for at this time Russia and Prussia annexed large parts of Poland. Austria, entangled in the war with France, was left empty-handed.
The emperor, dissatisfied with the ministers who had not prevented this misfortune, dismissed them, and after some delay Thugut was named "director of the foreign affairs of Austria" on March 25, 1793. When Prince Kaunitz died in the following year Thugut was appointed to "discharge the duties of the office of house, court, and state chancellor." His promotion to the foremost place in the Austrian administration met with much opposition, and is known to have been largely due to the empress Maria Theresa of Naples. The Austrian government was by tradition very aristocratic. The empress Maria Theresa, mother of Francis II, though she valued the services of Thugut, had consented with reluctance to make him Commander of the Order of St Stephen, and had only yielded to the urgent requests of Kaunitz and of her son Joseph II. She thought the promotion excessive for a man of his plebeian origin. The nobles, who thought that the great offices of state should go to themselves, were of the same opinion. Thugut, who had a large fund of vanity, resented their insolence, and did nothing to disarm their hostility.
He was unmarried, and he avoided all society. In the discharge of his duties he took counsel with nobody. All the confidential work of his department was done by himself with the help of two clerks he could trust, and he took all important papers directly to the emperor, keeping no copies in his own office. He had his own experience to teach him how easy it was to bribe the officials of Austria. The nobles, who regarded themselves with good cause as the supporters of the Crown, and who expected to be consulted, resented his indifference and secrecy as the arrogance of an upstart. They were his constant enemies and critics. A few of them who admired his abilities supported him on personal grounds, but with these exceptions Thugut had no friends in Austria. Out of it, he was commonly regarded as the representative of all that was most unscrupulous and self-seeking in the methods of the Austrian government. He had inherited from his master Prince Kaunitz the firm conviction that Prussia was the worst enemy of Austria. From him, too, he had learnt that the first duty of an Austrian minister was to be an increaser of the empire, even at the expense of allies, and that excuses for annexation were to be made when they could not be found. His hatred of France, and of the Revolution, was no doubt sincere. But while prepared to defend Europe from French aggression, it was with the implied intention that Austria should be rewarded for her exertions by increases of territory, and should be made the absolute mistress of Germany.
The history of his policy from 1793 to 1800 touches much of the history of Europe. The conflicting objects which he kept before him, resistance to French aggression on the west, and to Russian and Prussian aggressions on the east, and the pursuit of more territory for Austria, compelled him to divide his exertions and his forces. Thus in 1793–94 he recalled troops from the west to participate in a partition of Poland, thereby taking pressure off France, and doing much to smooth the way for her subsequent victories. Some of his actions cannot be described as other than criminal. He was certainly responsible for the murderous attack on the French envoys at Rastadt in April 1799. He may have intended that they should only be robbed, but he must be held responsible for the acts of his agents. So again he has to answer for the perverse policy of Austria in 1799 when Suvarov and the Russians were recalled from northern Italy for no visible reason except that Austria should be left in sole possession of the dominions of the king of Sardinia, with a good excuse for keeping them.
The correspondence of Joseph de Maistre shows how bitterly the continental allies of Austria resented her selfishness, and how firmly they were persuaded that she was fighting for her own hand. That Thugut believed that he was doing his duty, and that he was carrying on the traditional policy of Austria, may be true. Yet his methods were so extreme, and his attitude so provocative as to justify the judgment passed on him by Kaunitz namely, that he required the control of a strong hand if good results were to be obtained from his ability.
After the defeats of Austria in Italy in 1796–97 and the peace of Campo Formio, it became a fixed object with the French, and with a growing party in Austria who held him responsible for the disasters of the war, to secure the removal of Thugut. He found no support, except from the British government, which considered him, as a sure ally and had great influence at Vienna as paymaster of subsidies. The death of the empress Catherine of Russia deprived him of a friend at court.
End of Career.
During the campaigns of 1799 and 1800 Thugut was the advocate of war "to the knife". At the end he was kept in office only by the vigorous support of England. The battle of Hohenlinden on December 3, 1800 made his position untenable. He retired from public life, and left Vienna for Pressburg on March 27, 1801. At a later period he returned to Vienna and lived quietly on a pension of 7000 forms until his death on May 28, 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="2841149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841149" title="Julia Reynolds">
Julia Reynolds

Julia Reynolds is a reporter with the Center for Investigative Reporting. She also edits "El Andar", a magazine of Latino politics and culture.
Career.
She works as a criminal justice reporter at The Monterey County Herald. Reynolds has reported for Medianews newspapers, PBS, NPR, 60 Minutes, The Nation and many other media outlets. Her work focuses on gangs, crime and prisons. Prior, she worked as an editor for El Andar. She was a 2009 Nieman Fellow at Harvard University and a 2011 Steinbeck Fellow at San Jose State University. 
Awards and honors.
Reynolds has won a number awards from the following:
References.
El Andar website

</doc>
<doc id="2841150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841150" title="George Penny, 1st Viscount Marchwood">
George Penny, 1st Viscount Marchwood

Frederick George Penny, 1st Viscount Marchwood KCVO, JP (10 March 1876 – 1 January 1955) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Background and education.
The second son of Frederick James Penny, of Bitterne, Hampshire, Penny was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, Southampton.
Career.
Penny was a senior partner Fraser & Co., Government brokers, Singapore, and formerly Managing Director of Eastern Smelting Co. Ltd, Penang. He represented the Federated Malay States Government in negotiations with Netherlands Indies Government at Bandoeng, Java, regarding liquidation of war (1914–1918) tin stocks. He sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Kingston-upon-Thames from 1922 until 1937 and served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Financial Secretary to the War Office in 1923, and as a Conservative Whip from 1926 to 1937, including as a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury from 1928 to 1929 and in 1931, as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household from 1931 to 1932, as Comptroller of the Household from 1932 to 1935 and as Treasurer of the Household from 1935 to 1937. From 1938 to 1946 he was Honorary Treasurer of the Conservative Party.
Penny was appointed a Freeman of the City of London, and an Officer (1st Class) of the Most Honourable Order of the Crown of Johor. He was Master of Honourable Company of Master Mariners from 1941 to 1945. He was knighted in 1929, created a Baronet, of Singapore and of Kingston-upon-Thames in the
County of Surrey, in 1933 and raised to the peerage as Baron Marchwood, of Penang and of Marchwood in the County of Southampton, in 1937. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1937 and made Viscount Marchwood, of Penang and of Marchwood in the County of Southampton, in the 1945 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="2841155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841155" title="Amatory fiction">
Amatory fiction

Amatory fiction is a genre of British literature popular during the late 17th century and 18th century. Amatory fiction predates, and in some ways predicts, the invention of the novel. Amatory fiction was written by women and considered to be mainly read by women. Considering, however, the popularity of the genre it is highly likely that men read these novels just as well. As its name implies, amatory fiction is preoccupied with sexual love and romance. It is an early predecessor of the romance novel. Indeed, many themes of the contemporary romance novel were first explored in amatory fiction.
The three most prominent amatory fiction writers were Eliza Haywood (who wrote "Love in Excess; Or, The Fatal Enquiry"), Delarivier Manley, and Aphra Behn. Together, these writers were known as the "fair triumvirate," though their reputation for scandalous writing caused some to call them the "naughty triumvirate."
Themes of amatory fiction.
Narrowly defined, amatory fiction is a formulaic genre which typically depicts an innocent, trusting woman who is deceived by a self-serving, lustful man. For the women of amatory fiction, love typically ends in misery.
Although amatory fiction has traditionally been excluded from "rise of the novel" narratives, recent scholarship concludes that these works are not merely precursors to the novel, but novels in their own right. 
Authors of amatory fictions often detailed extramarital affairs, which conveniently allowed them to avoid the complications of property, which was a strong motivation for marriage when amatory fiction was popular.
Some works of amatory fiction were considered amoral by contemporary standards, and allowed their characters to commit scandalous love affairs without being "punished" based on themes of Christian, social, legal or other forms of poetic justice.

</doc>
<doc id="2841181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841181" title="Exist">
Exist

Exist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841189" title="Spöl">
Spöl

The Spöl or Aqua Granda is an Italian and Swiss river and is a tributary of the Inn.
The source of the river is near Corno di Campo in the Province of Sondrio in Italy. It flows northeast past Livigno and into Lago di Livigno. It exits the lake at the Italian/Swiss border and flows northwest through Parc Naziunal Svizzer before emptying into the Inn near Zernez.
Despite rising in Italy, the river is a tributary of the Inn, and the Danube, rather than of the Po. In other words, its valley is on the northern side of the Alpine watershed. In this area geographical and political boundaries do not coincide.
Due to an international treaty, an artificial lake, Lago di Livigno, was created by Engadiner Kraftwerke in the 1960s, with a dam on the border. This caused the flooding of part of the ancient village of Livigno. Despite indemnisation, not all inhabitants were willing to leave this part of the valley.
The reservoir has a capacity of 164 million m³ (approx. 215 million cubic yards). Its minimum and maximum water levels above sea level are at 1,700 metres (5,577 ft)and 1,805 metres (5,922 ft) respectively. Since its construction, this lake had been off-limits for any activity, such as wind-surfing or rowing, until the summer of 2005, when Italy's National Rowing team was authorized to train on the lake. For the benefits of altitude training please visit the relevant entry.
The same international treaty allowed another electricity company, AEM (www.aem.it) to catch the waters of Akua Granda and other tributaries above a certain altitude and to transport it through a tunnel to the artificial lakes of Cancano, in Val Fraele, on the other side of the watershed. This has decreased the water level on the river dramatically, with some parts of it left without water, causing strong but ineffective protests by the local population.
Nowadays this river is popular for fishing, virtually the only other use which can be made out of it.

</doc>
<doc id="2841196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841196" title="Jim Ringo">
Jim Ringo

James Stephen "Jim" Ringo (November 21, 1931 – November 19, 2007) was a professional American football player, a Hall of Fame center and coach. He was a ten-time Pro Bowler during his career.
Ringo grew up in Phillipsburg, New Jersey and played high school football at Phillipsburg High School. He went on to play college football at Syracuse University.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
The Packers drafted him in the seventh round of the 1953 NFL Draft out of Syracuse. Ringo was considered vastly undersized at 211 pounds.
He was not, however, unfit for the role, using his outstanding quickness and excellent technique to build a 15-year NFL career, including 11 seasons with the Packers, as one of the game's best centers.
Ringo played for four different head coaches in his Packers tenure. In his first six seasons in Green Bay, playing under Gene Ronzani (1953), Lisle Blackbourn (1954–57) and Ray "Scooter" McLean (1958), the Packers went 20-50-2 (.291).
But Vince Lombardi's arrival in 1959 changed everything, and for Ringo's next five seasons the Packers went 50-15-1 (.765) and 2-1 in championship games. Ringo certainly knew individual success before the Lombardi era, attending his first of seven straight Pro Bowls in 1957,but he flourished under the coaching legend, earning consensus All-Pro honors from 1959-63.
Ringo's speed and mobility made him an ideal blocker for Lombardi's famous power sweep, and all but one of running back Jim Taylor's five 1,000-yard seasons, including his then-record 1,474-yard effort in 1962, came with Ringo at center.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Ringo was a member of the Packers' NFL Championship teams of 1961 and 1962, but was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles in 1964; the Packers went on to win three more NFL titles from 1965-67.
The details of Ringo's trade have been the subject of speculation. For years it was said that following the 1963 season, Ringo showed up in Lombardi's office, with an agent in tow, looking to negotiate a raise. Lombardi, according to this account, was so angered that he excused himself for five minutes only to return and announce that he had traded Ringo to the Eagles. Over the years it has been suggested that that story is more fiction than fact. In reality, Lombardi had probably been negotiating a trade for some time. The Packers also traded fullback Earl Gros and received in return linebacker Lee Roy Caffey and a first-round draft pick that they used to select fullback Donny Anderson. Still, the legend persists. Ringo, who played 126 consecutive games for the Packers from 1954-63, finished out his career with the Philadelphia Eagles, attending three more Pro Bowls before retiring after the 1967 season.
Coaching.
He went on to work on the coaching staffs of the Los Angeles Rams, Buffalo Bills (2 separate engagements), Chicago Bears, New England Patriots and New York Jets and served as Bills head coach after the resignation of Lou Saban in 1976, posting a 3-11 record. He is best known as a coach for creating the dominant Bills offensive line of the early-mid '70s, called the Electric Company, in support of running back O.J. Simpson. He returned to Buffalo as the Bills offensive coordinator and offensive line coach in 1985. He held the positions until his retirement after the 1988 season.
Ringo was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1981.
Death.
Ringo died in Virginia Beach, Virginia, on November 19, 2007 after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2841201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841201" title="Robert K. Huntington">
Robert K. Huntington

Robert Kingsbury Huntington (13 March 1921 – 5 June 1942), was a naval aircrewman and member of Torpedo Squadron 8 (or VT-8). Along with his entire squadron, Huntington was shot down during the Battle of Midway, on 4–5 June 1942.
Born in Los Angeles, California, enlisted in the United States Navy 21 April 1941. He served on board "Lexington" (CV-2) and was rated aviation radioman third class before being transferred to Torpedo Squadron 8 on board "Hornet" (CV-8). He received the Distinguished Flying Cross for heroism and extraordinary achievement as rear gunner in a torpedo plane during an attack against enemy Japanese forces in the Battle of Midway 4 June 1942. Flying without fighter support and with insufficient fuel to return to their carrier, Huntington and his fellow crewmember pressed home their attack with utter disregard for their own personal safety, in the face of a tremendous antiaircraft barrage and overwhelming fighter opposition. Huntington was one of 29 from Torpedo Squadron 8 who gave their lives in this attack.
Namesake.
The USS "Robert K. Huntington" (DD-781), an "Allen M. Sumner"-class destroyer, was named in his honor.
Robert K. Huntington attended The Lakeside School in Seattle Washington in 1940 after transferring from Pasadena College. Lakeside is the same prep school attended by Bill Gates ('73) and Paul Allen ('71).

</doc>
<doc id="2841208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841208" title="Book of generations">
Book of generations

The Book of generations is an hypothesized text that the modern documentary hypothesis claims was used by the redactor of the torah to connect up parts of the priestly source and the JE source. The text is no longer extant, but in the hypothesis, portions of the text survive as part of the torah. In particular, the text is believed to be fragmented across several portions of the text, since it was used as a filler for several joins. It was Frank Moore Cross who first demonstrated that the text was separate to the other sources, which are substantially larger in comparison.
The standard reconstructed version of the text, formed by collecting together the various fragments, indicates that its presence is usually announced in the torah by the words "and these are the generations of name of biblical figure here". The text itself appears to be a basic genealogy of the main ancestors of the Israelites, putting emphasis on the main line that leads from Adam, to Noah, then to Abraham, Jacob, and to Moses. However, there also appear to be a few asides to detail significant lines apart from this, such as that concerning Edom.
Variations on a theme.
Both the priestly source (P), and the Jahwist (J) and Elohist (E) sources, also seem to have included portions of the book of generations, albeit variant editions. Frequently, when portions of the book of generations occur in the torah, they are nearby to similar lists of descendants and family trees which are ascribed to the other sources (i.e. J, E, or P). 
Although, due to the nature of its use, many parts of the book of generations do not survive, much of the genealogy that is missing is covered by the other sources. Consequently it is possible that in the future the text might be fully reconstructed, although there is very little agreement on the matter in the present day.
The book of generations as a template.
The genealogy for certain individuals appear to have a large number of properties in common with those for others. This may be an indicator that at least one of these genealogies is an accidental corruption of a copy of another, or a deliberate but subtle alteration.
For example, in the Jahwist (J) text (Genesis 4:17–18), the family tree descending from Cain has the following properties (amongst others):
Whereas the descendants of Seth (Genesis 5:3–26) have the following properties:

</doc>
<doc id="2841210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841210" title="List of football clubs in Switzerland">
List of football clubs in Switzerland

This is a list of football (soccer) clubs in Switzerland.
The Swiss football league system also includes clubs in Liechtenstein. Currently, that country has only seven clubs and no domestic league, though a domestic cup is contested. All Liechtenstein clubs play their league football in the Swiss structure, although only FC Vaduz competes in the top levels of the league (presently at the highest level).
A.
FC Amicitia Riehen - (2.Liga)

</doc>
<doc id="2841222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841222" title="Direct stiffness method">
Direct stiffness method

As one of the methods of structural analysis, the direct stiffness method, also known as the matrix stiffness method, is particularly suited for computer-automated analysis of complex structures including the statically indeterminate type. It is a "matrix" method that makes use of the members' stiffness relations for computing member forces and displacements in structures. The direct stiffness method is the most common implementation of the finite element method (FEM). In applying the method, the system must be modeled as a set of simpler, idealized elements interconnected at the nodes. The material stiffness properties of these elements are then, through matrix mathematics, compiled into a single matrix equation which governs the behaviour of the entire idealized structure. The structure’s unknown displacements and forces can then be determined by solving this equation. The direct stiffness method forms the basis for most commercial and free source finite element software.
The direct stiffness method originated in the field of aerospace. Researchers looked at various approaches for analysis of complex airplane frames. These included elasticity theory, energy principles in structural mechanics, flexibility method and matrix stiffness method. It was through analysis of these methods that the direct stiffness method emerged as an efficient method ideally suited for computer implementation.
History.
Between 1934 and 1938 A. R. Collar and W. J. Duncan published the first papers with the representation and terminology for matrix systems that are used today. Aeroelastic research continued through World War II but publication restrictions from 1938 to 1947 make this work difficult to trace. The second major breakthrough in matrix structural analysis occurred through 1954 and 1955 when professor John H. Argyris systemized the concept of assembling elemental components of a structure into a system of equations. Finally, on Nov. 6 1959, M. J. Turner, head of Boeing’s Structural Dynamics Unit, published a paper outlining the direct stiffness method as an efficient model for computer implementation .
Member stiffness relations.
A typical member stiffness relation has the following general form:
where
If formula_4 are member deformations rather than absolute displacements, then formula_2 are independent member forces, and in such case (1) can be inverted to yield the so-called "member flexibility matrix", which is used in the flexibility method.
System stiffness relation.
For a system with many members interconnected at points called nodes, the members' stiffness relations such as Eq.(1) can be integrated by making use of the following observations:
where
Solution.
The system stiffness matrix K is square since the vectors R and r have the same size. In addition, it is symmetric because formula_3 is symmetric. Once the supports' constraints are accounted for in (2), the nodal displacements are found by solving the system of linear equations (2), symbolically:
Subsequently, the members' characteristic forces may be found from Eq.(1) where formula_4 can be found from r by compatibility consideration.
The direct stiffness method.
It is common to have Eq.(1) in a form where formula_4 and formula_5 are, respectively, the member-end displacements and forces matching in direction with r and R. In such case, formula_13 and formula_16 can be obtained by direct summation of the members' matrices formula_3 and formula_5. The method is then known as the direct stiffness method.
The advantages and disadvantages of the matrix stiffness method are compared and discussed in the flexibility method article.
Example.
Breakdown.
The first step when using the direct stiffness method is to identify the individual elements which make up the structure.
Once the elements are identified, the structure is disconnected at the nodes, the points which connect the different elements together.
Each element is then analyzed individually to develop member stiffness equations. The forces and displacements are related through the element stiffness matrix which depends on the geometry and properties of the element.
A truss element can only transmit forces in compression or tension. This means that in two dimensions, each node has two degrees of freedom (DOF): horizontal and vertical displacement. The resulting equation contains a four by four stiffness matrix.
formula_27
A frame element is able to withstand bending moments in addition to compression and tension. This results in three degrees of freedom: horizontal displacement, vertical displacement and in-plane rotation. The stiffness matrix in this case is six by six.
formula_28
Other elements such as plates and shells can also be incorporated into the direct stiffness method and similar equations must be developed.
Assembly.
Once the individual element stiffness relations have been developed they must be assembled into the original structure. The first step in this process is to convert the stiffness relations for the individual elements into a global system for the entire structure. In the case of a truss element, the global form of the stiffness method depends on the angle of the element with respect to the global coordinate system (This system is usually the traditional Cartesian coordinate system).
formula_29
"(for a truss element at angle β)"
After developing the element stiffness matrix in the global coordinate system, they must be merged into a single “master” or “global” stiffness matrix. When merging these matrices together there are two rules that must be followed: compatibility of displacements and force equilibrium at each node. These rules are upheld by relating the element nodal displacements to the global nodal displacements.
The global displacement and force vectors each contain one entry for each degree of freedom in the structure. The element stiffness matrices are merged by augmenting or expanding each matrix in conformation to the global displacement and load vectors.
formula_30
"(for element (1) of the above structure)"
Finally, the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding the individual expanded element matrices together.
Solution.
Once the global stiffness matrix, displacement vector and force vector have been constructed, the system can be expressed as a single matrix equation.
For each degree of freedom in the structure, either the displacement or the force is known.
After inserting the known value for each degree of freedom, the master stiffness equation is complete and ready to be evaluated. There are several different methods available for evaluating a matrix equation including but not limited to Cholesky decomposition and the brute force evaluation of systems of equations. If a structure isn’t properly restrained, the application of a force will cause it to move rigidly and additional support conditions must be added.
The method described in this section is meant as an overview of the direct stiffness method. Additional sources should be consulted for more details on the process as well as the assumptions about material properties inherent in the process.
Applications.
The direct stiffness method was developed specifically to effectively and easily implement into computer software to evaluate complicated structures that contain a large number of elements. Today, nearly every finite element solver available is based on the direct stiffness method. While each program utilizes the same process, many have been streamlined to reduce computation time and reduce the required memory. In order to achieve this, shortcuts have been developed.
One of the largest areas to utilize the direct stiffness method is the field of structural analysis where this method has been incorporated into modeling software. The software allows users to model a structure and, after the user defines the material properties of the elements, the program automatically generates element and global stiffness relationships. When various loading conditions are applied the software evaluates the structure and generates the deflections for the user.

</doc>
<doc id="2841231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841231" title="The Monkey and the Cat">
The Monkey and the Cat

The Monkey and the Cat (French title, Le Singe et le Chat) is best known as a fable adapted by Jean de La Fontaine that appeared in the second collection of his "Fables Choisies" in 1679 (book IX, No. 17). Although there is no evidence that the story existed before the 15th century, it began to appear in collections of Aesop's Fables from the 17th century but is not included in the Perry Index. There are popular idioms derived from it in both English and French with the general meaning of being the dupe of another (e.g., a cat's-paw). Usage of these and reference to the fable have been particularly employed in (although not limited to) political contexts.
The fable and its history.
In La Fontaine's telling, Bertrand the monkey persuades Raton the cat to pull chestnuts from the embers amongst which they are roasting, promising him a share. As the cat scoops them from the fire one by one, burning his paw in the process, the monkey gobbles them up. They are disturbed by a maid entering and the cat gets nothing for its pains. It is from this fable that the French get their idiom "Tirer les marrons du feu", meaning to act as someone's dupe or, deriving from that, to benefit from the dirty work of others. It is also the source of the English idiom 'a cat's paw', defined in the Merriam-Webster Dictionary as 'one used by another as a tool'. There are earlier idiomatic allusions in 15th century Burgundian sources. Jean Miélot records the saying "c’est un bon jeu de chat et singe" (it's a cat and monkey game) in his "Proverbes" (1456) and there is another apparent reference to the story in a poem in Jean Molinet’s "Faictz et dictz". In the following century, Jean-Antoine de Baïf has the version "faire comme le singe, tirer les marrons du feu avec la patte du chat" in his "Mimes, enseignements et proverbes" (1575) and John Florio includes the saying in his collection of idioms "Second Frutes" (1591).
However, the earliest surviving texts relating the story date from the mid-16th century and some of these have a puppy in place of a cat as the monkey's victim. Johannes Sambucus reports it as happening recently in the Dutch town of Bergen op Zoom in his "Emblemata" (1564). The Latin poem there continues, 'A small monkey gave us an example noteworthy and amusing for its cunning. For, when he saw the chestnuts buried in the hearth, he began to brush the ash aside but, afraid of the burning coals, he suddenly seized the foot of a sleeping puppy and stole it out.' The same story involving a sleeping dog appeared in other emblem books, including the "Choice of Emblemes" by the English poet Geoffrey Whitney (1586), who draws a political lesson from it in common with the other emblematists:
A version in which a cat figures is in Marcus Gheeraerts the Elder's illustrated book of fables, "De warachtighe fabulen der dieren" (True animal fables, Bruges, 1567), with Flemish verse provided by the foremost Netherlandic emblematist Edewaerd de Dene. A French version of the "Fabulen" was published in 1578 under the title "Esbatement moral des animaux". There were several adaptations of Gheeraert's figure in the following century. The Dutch poet Joost van den Vondel published an emblematic collection based on his prints, "Vorstelijke Warande der Dieren" (Princely pleasure-ground of beasts, Amsterdam 1617), in which the poem "Den aap en de katte" appears. In England the scene was reused as one of twelve circular engravings, intended for trenchers, made in 1630-36. The text around the edge of the picture reads: "The Monkey seing nuts in fire Doth force the Cat to plucke them neir; Which showeth the Envious doth not care, Whose House do burne so they have share". In Germany it was incorporated into a view of the Schloss Johannisberg wine estate in Daniel Meisner's "Thesaurus Philopoliticus" (later known as the "Sciographia Cosmica") of 1623. In this combination of the Emblem book and collection of town plans, the scene of the fable takes place on the lower right and is accompanied by verses illustrating the Latin moral, "Alterius Damno Quaeris Lucrum" (Another is duped to benefit the greedy)
Elsewhere in Europe, the monkey and cat version appears in Simone Majoli's Latin work "Dies caniculares" (1588), where it is told of the antics of the pet monkey of Pope Julius II at the start of the century; a little later the story appeared as "Un Singe et un Chat" in Philippe Deprez's collection of a hundred verse fables, "Le Théâtre des animaux" (Paris, 1595). It is from one or other of these last two that La Fontaine is said to have adapted his story. Even before he popularised it, the earlier version had been used by two artists: the Roman painter Tommaso Salini and the Dutch animal painter Abraham Hondius. Both of these illustrate the detail that La Fontaine chose to modify, in which the monkey uses the cat's paw to poke out the chestnuts against its will. A third version of the story, yet again quoted as happening recently, was contained in Gemelli Careri's "Voyage round the world" (1695) and related by 'the admiral of the Portuguese fleet in India' as witnessed by him.
One of the channels through which the fable was taken to be Aesop's was its inclusion among the hydraulic statues in the labyrinth of Versailles in 1669. These were accompanied by quatrains by Isaac de Benserade, which subsequently appeared in "Les fables d'Ésope, mises en françois, avec le sens moral en quatre vers, & des figures à chaque fable" (Aesop's fables in French,with a verse commentary and illustrations, 1709). Here the initial quatrain refers to the version where force is used ('The monkey looks sprightly/ but the cat doesn't take lightly/ having its paw acquired/ to pull chestnuts from the fire') while the prose telling which follows is of La Fontaine's version. The statue accompanied by De Benserade's verse is described in Daniel Bellamy's 18th century description of the labyrinth: ‘Upon a shell composed of brass, and supported by a column erected in the antique taste with the same metal, the spectator is amused with the resemblance of a large fire, from whence issues a torrent of water. Here a monkey appears with a smiling countenance, grasping a cat’s paw with his own, whilst the latter is seemingly struggling to get loose.’
It was a version in which the monkey uses force that was painted by Edwin Landseer in 1824 and by his 19th century imitator (see the gallery below). When the former painting was put up for auction in January 2011, U.S. Christie's recorded that 'The subject of the present painting is taken from the ancient fable traditionally ascribed to Aesop'. While this is far from true, the fable had been appearing in collections of Aesop's Fables since the 17th century. Where the story is ascribed to Aesop, it is in the version where the monkey forcibly uses the cat's paw. La Fontaine's modified version of 1679 can only be regarded as original for the detail of persuasion rather than compulsion. It was translated by neither of La Fontaine's main 18th century English translators, Bernard de Mandeville (1704) and Charles Denis (1754), but was ascribed to him in the verse "Flowers of Fable" in 1832. Charles H. Bennett also included the story in his "The Fables of Aesop and Others, translated into Human Nature" (1857) under the title of "The Cat's Paw". Referring back to the plot of Oliver Twist, Bennett's cat acts as thief's apprentice to the monkey.
Meaning and use.
La Fontaine applies the fable to statecraft,
and was later followed in this by political cartoonists. One English example, dating from 1766 and titled "The Cat's Paw", satirises a political alliance of the time and represents the Earl of Bute as a monkey, using the paw of the feline Earl of Chatham to extract chestnuts from a fire. Use of the idiom at this date is one of the earliest examples in English. A later caricature from 1804 and titled "The monkey and the cat’s paw, a fable from Esop", pictures yet another simian statesman manipulating a politician to pick out the flaming chestnut of Catholic Emancipation. The cat's paw title was to be used once again in a cartoon relating to the political maneuvering that preceded the passing of the English Reform Act in 1832. In this King William IV is the cat, being coaxed by the bewigged Lord Chancellor Henry Brougham, depicted as a monkey seated at his side, to pull the hot iron of reform from a blazing fire. In this case the reference is to La Fontaine's version of the story.
In France the fable was often used to satirise the ambitious sacrificing the life of others for their own ends. The cartoon "Bertrand avec Raton s'amusent à tirer les marrons du feu", dating from Napoleonic times, pictures a red uniformed monkey marshall guiding a blue-uniformed infantryman in the task. The theme reappeared in the broadside "La Caricature" with the title "The monkey and the cat: a military pastime". Another cartoon has a marquis urging a barefoot patriotic workman to take his place on a republican barricade, while chuckling to himself that soon the artistocratic exiles will return with their allies to impose a renewed feudalism. This too is titled "Bertrand et Raton".
The French dramatist Eugène Scribe gave the same title to his social comedy of 1833. Subtitled "l'art de conspirer" (the art of conspiracy), it has also been translated as 'The school for politicians' and is a reworking of a play of the same name by Louis-Benoît Picard (1805). It is ostensibly based on an episode of Danish history and concerns a bourgeois dupe caught up in political intrigue. In reality it satirises the July Revolution of 1830.
In the Netherlands the words of Vondel's "Den aap en de katte" were set for a cappella male chorus by Sem Dresden to celebrate the centenary of the Royal Dutch Choir in 1953. In the aftermath of World War II, the closing moral that rulers are careless of the suffering of others in fulfilling their ambition had special resonance.

</doc>
<doc id="2841235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841235" title="New England Anime Society">
New England Anime Society

The New England Anime Society, Inc. is a Massachusetts-based 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to furthering American understanding of Japanese language and culture through written and visual media. Founded in 2001, The New England Anime Society, Inc. is the parent organization of Anime Boston, one of the largest anime conventions in North America. In 2011, the Boston Phoenix selected Anime Boston as the city's "Best Nerd Gathering", beating out contenders such as New England Comic Con and PAX East. The convention won the award again in 2012.
At Anime Boston 2007, the New England Anime Society announced that they would be starting Providence Anime Conference in the fall of 2008. It was the first anime convention for attendees 21 and older and the first anime convention with a minimum age limit that did not focus on the "adult" aspect of anime and manga.
In addition to anime conventions, The New England Anime Society has also provided assistance with other events such as running anime screenings at First Night Boston, costume contests at Tokyo Kid in Harvard Square, and anime screenings at the Belmont Film Festival in Belmont, Massachusetts and Sudbury Day in Sudbury, Massachusetts.
Event history.
The New England Anime Society has produced the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="2841238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841238" title="Pete Rock &amp; CL Smooth">
Pete Rock &amp; CL Smooth

Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth are a hip-hop duo from Mount Vernon, New York. They made their debut with their 1991 EP, "All Souled Out" and followed with 1992's "Mecca and the Soul Brother" LP.
The Golden Age (1991–1994).
As a producer, DJ Pete Rock (Peter Phillips) tended to prefer obscure soul and jazz sides for sample sources, frequently making use of horn-driven hooks. Lead vocalist CL Smooth (Corey Penn) tended to be philosophical in his raps, and he mostly avoided profanity. Their signature hit was "They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y.)", a dirge for fallen friends—namely Troy "Trouble T-Roy" Dixon, a member of Heavy D & The Boyz, who died in 1990. They were first signed to Elektra Records, managed, and Executive Produced by Eddie F of Heavy D and The Boyz and Untouchables Entertainment who also then managed Pete Rock as a producer. Pete Rock was one of the original three "Untouchables" producers along with Eddie F himself and Nevelle Hodge.
1994's "The Main Ingredient" was the follow-up, and they appeared on a string of guest appearances for remixes, soundtracks, and other works. Public Enemy, EPMD, Heavy D and Johnny Gill were among the artists they collaborated with, and they can also claim credit for producing (and performing on) Run-DMC's 1993 comeback single 'Down with the King'. Despite all this, the duo failed to go gold on any of their own releases in the 1990s.
Creative Differences (1995–2009).
Separating in 1995 (shortly after a Sprite TV commercial), they eventually worked together again on a handful of cuts from Pete Rock's solo recordings: "Soul Survivor" (1998), "PeteStrumentals" (2001) and "Soul Survivor II" (2004). The duo also went on a brief reunion tour as a warm up for their then-anticipated new album, which ended with a show at London's famous Jazz Cafe. Despite these intermittent collaborations, the pair has exchanged dismissive comments toward each other in separate interviews, disavowing plans for a full-fledged reunion.
Their best-of compilation, "", was released on Elektra/WEA in 2003.
During this period, CL Smooth went on to release two solo albums - American Me in 2006 and The Outsider in 2007. Pete Rock would produce tracks for numerous artists, including CL Smooth's "It's a Love Thing" and "Love is a Battlefield" from each of his solo albums. Pete Rock had confirmed that among his promised new slew of releases in 2011, that one of the albums would be the 3rd album between himself and CL Smooth, that as of 2012, is still in the works.
Reunion (2010–present).
A deluxe CD box-set of "Mecca and the Soul Brother" was released in September 2010 by Traffic. The package includes a remastered CD of the original album, a second disc of remixes, instrumentals and acapellas, a fold-out poster and a detailed booklet with interviews and insights from Rock and Smooth by Brian Coleman.
In late 2010, Pete Rock & CL Smooth finally ended their creative differences after fifteen years of being at odds with each other. The duo has officially reunited for the sake of hip-hop and are respectfully working with each other again. The death of hip-hop pioneer Guru earlier in the year was a major catalyst which led to inspiring the reunion. Pete Rock & CL Smooth wanted to avoid the fate which befell Gang Starr, in which lead rapper Guru had not been on speaking terms with DJ Premier for roughly seven years before his untimely death from cancer before their differences could be resolved. 
While touring in London with CL Smooth in early December 2011, Pete Rock stated that a new Pete Rock & CL Smooth album was already in the works and would be released by year's end , or as soon as it was completed. The album will be the duo's fourth album, and the first album since 1994's "The Main Ingredient".

</doc>
<doc id="2841242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841242" title="Fornax Cluster">
Fornax Cluster

The Fornax Cluster is a cluster of galaxies lying at a distance of 62 million light-years (19 megaparsecs). It is the second richest galaxy cluster within 100 million light-years, after the considerably larger Virgo Cluster. It lies primarily in the constellation Fornax, and may be associated with the nearby Eridanus Group. The Fornax Cluster is a valuable source of information about the evolution of such clusters, showing the effects of a merger of a subgroup with the main group, which in turn lends clues about the associated galactic superstructure. At the centre of the cluster lies NGC 1399. Other cluster members include: NGC 1316 -its brightest galaxy-, NGC 1365, NGC 1427A, NGC 1404.
Structure.
Fornax can be divided into two subclusters: the main one, centered on NGC 1399, and a subgroup 3 degrees to the southwest centered on the lenticular galaxy NGC 1316 that is in the process of infalling with the largest subcluster to finally merge with it, and whose galaxies are experiencing strong star formation activity.
Intracluster medium.
As with many other galaxy clusters, Fornax intracluster medium is filled with a hot, rarefied gas that emits X-rays and contains a number of intergalactic stars, some of which have produced novae.

</doc>
<doc id="2841261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841261" title="Viglius">
Viglius

Viglius (October 19, 1507, Swichum – May 5, 1577), was the name taken by Wigle Aytta van Zwichem, a Dutch statesman and jurist, a Frisian by birth.
He studied at various universities—Louvain, Dole and Bourges among others—devoting himself mainly to the study of jurisprudence, and afterwards visited many of the principal seats of learning in Europe. His great abilities attracted the notice of Erasmus and other celebrated men, and his renown was soon wide and general. 
Having lectured on law at the universities of Bourges and Padua, he accepted a judicial position under the bishop of Münster which he resigned in 1535 to become assessor of the imperial court of justice ("Reichskammergericht"). He would not, however, undertake the post of tutor to Philip, son of Emperor Charles V; nor would he accept any of the many lucrative and honorable positions offered him by various European princes, preferring instead to remain at the University of Ingolstadt, where for five years he occupied a professorial chair. 
In 1542 the official connection of Viglius with the Netherlands began. At the emperor's invitation he became a member of the council of Mechlin, and some years later president of that body. Other responsible positions were entrusted to him, and he was soon one of the most trusted of the ministers of Charles V, whom he accompanied during the War of the League of Schmalkalden in 1546. His rapid rise in the emperor's favor was probably due to his immense store of learning, which was useful in asserting the imperial rights where disputes arose between the empire and the estates. 
He was generally regarded as the author of the edict against toleration issued in 1550; a charge which he denied, maintaining, on the contrary, that he had vainly tried to induce Charles to modify its rigour. When the emperor abdicated in 1555 Viglius was anxious to retire also, but at the instance of King Philip II he remained at his post and was rewarded by being made coadjutor abbot of St. Bavon, and in other ways. 
In 1559, when Margaret, Duchess of Parma became regent of the Netherlands, Viglius was an important member of the small circle who assisted her in the work of government. He was president of the privy council, member, and subsequently president, of the state council, and a member of the committee of the state council called the "consulta". But his desire to resign soon returned. In 1565 he was allowed to give up the presidency of the state council, but was persuaded to retain his other posts. However, he had lost favor with Margaret, who accused him to Philip of dishonesty and simony, while his orthodoxy was suspected. When the Duke of Alva arrived in the Netherlands Viglius at first assisted him; but he subsequently opposed the duke's scheme of extortion, and sought to induce Philip himself to visit the Low Countries. His health was now impaired and his work was nearly over. Having suffered a short imprisonment with the other members of the state council in 1576, he died at Brussels on the May 5, 1577, and was buried in the abbey of St. Bavon.
Viglius was an advocate of peace and moderation, and as such could not expect support or sympathy from hardliners from either side of the dispute and his moderate position became untenable. He was undoubtedly avaricious, and accumulated great wealth, part of which he left to found a hospital at his native place, Swichum, and a college at the University of Louvain. He married a rich lady, Jacqueline Damant, but had no children.
He wrote a "Tagebuch des Schmalkaldischen Donaukriegs", edited by A. von Drullel (Munich, 1877), and some of his lectures were published under the title "Cornmentarii in decem Instilutionum i1ulos" (Lyon, 1564). His "Vita et opera historica" are given in the "Analecta Belgica" of C. P. Hoynck van Papend recht (The Hague, 1743). See L. P. Gachard, ' (Brussels, 184879) ; and ' (Brussels, 1867-81); and E. Poullet, "" (Brussels, 1877-81).

</doc>
<doc id="2841278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841278" title="St. Edward High School">
St. Edward High School

St. Edward High School is a name shared by several high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="2841279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841279" title="Nobel Conference">
Nobel Conference

The Nobel Conference is the first ongoing academic conference in the United States to have the official authorization of the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm, Sweden. It is held annually at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota and links a general audience with the world's foremost scholars and researchers in conversations centered on contemporary issues related to the natural and social sciences.
History.
Gustavus Adolphus College was founded by Swedish immigrants in 1862 and throughout its history, it has continued to honor its Swedish heritage. As the College prepared to build a new science hall in the early 1960s, College officials asked the Nobel Foundation for permission to name the building the Alfred Nobel Hall of Science as a memorial to the great Swedish inventor and philanthropist. Permission was granted, and the facility's dedication ceremony in 1963 included 26 Nobel laureates and officials from the Nobel Foundation.
Following the 1963 Nobel Prize ceremonies in Stockholm, College representatives met with Nobel Foundation officials, asking them to endorse an annual science conference at the College and to allow use of the Nobel name to establish credibility and high standards. At the urging of several prominent Nobel laureates, the foundation granted the request and the first conference was held at the College in January 1965.
For four and a half decades, world-class research scientists and scholars have come together to discuss leading topics in science with audiences of thousands. The goal of the conference is to bring cutting-edge science issues to the attention of an audience of students and interested adults, and to engage the panelists and the audience in a discussion of the moral and societal impact of these issues. Another major goal of the conference is to attract world class speakers. Beginning with the help of an advisory committee composed of Nobel laureates such as Glenn Seaborg, Philip Showalter Hench, and Sir John Eccles, the conferences have been consistently successful in attracting the world's foremost authorities as speakers. Fifty-nine Nobel laureates have served as speakers, five of whom were awarded the prize after speaking at the conferences.
The conference has a focus on scientific topics such as "Medicine: Prescription for Tomorrow" (2006), "The Legacy of Einstein" (2005), "The Science of Aging" (2004), "The Nature of Nurture" (2002), "Virus: The Human Connection" (1998), and "The New Shape of Matter: Materials Challenge Science" (1995). The conference is open to the public and geared toward lay persons.
Current.
The 2013 Nobel conference was titled "The Universe at Its Limits" and took place October 1-2, 2013.
Lecturers included:

</doc>
<doc id="2841283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841283" title="1929 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1929 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1929 National Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1929. / Државно првенство 1929.) was won by Hajduk Split.
The season was marked bt a major controversy at the end. BSK Belgrade finished the season at top, however because they fielded an unregistered player, they had to replay their two last matches. Having refused to play the first one against their Belgrade rivals Jugoslavija, a 3-0 defeat was registered, and later their 2-1 victory over Hajduk was not enough to grant them the title.
Bosnian club SAŠK dissolved before the season began and the clubs participating was reduced to five, all Serbian or Croatian. 1929 was the first year in which the championship used a double round-robin style league, and so the stats for each team began having higher numbers.
Controversial end of the championship.
The season featured a good deal of controversy as the team that finished the season in top spot was BSK, not Hajduk Split. However, because they were judged to have had an improperly registered player on their roster (Dušan Marković), BSK got ordered by the FA to replay their last two matches of the season: home match against SK Jugoslavija and the away match at Hajduk Split (both of which BSK originally won: 5-1 and 3-1, respectively). Furious with what they considered to be an unfair decision, BSK refused to re-play the matches. They didn't show up to replay their arch cross-town rivals SK Jugoslavija and the match was eventually registered 3-0 in Jugoslavija's favour. As for re-playing the second match at Hajduk, BSK originally also refused, but were eventually forced to travel to Split by the FA under a threat of heavy sanctions. Though re-gathered and put together in hasty fashion, BSK players still managed to beat Hajduk 2-1. However, it still wasn't enough for the title as Hajduk had more points due to BSK refusal to play Jugoslavija.
BSK appealed, launching a formal complaint with the FA (Jugoslovenski nogometni savez). Their appeal was scheduled to be heard during the next scheduled FA assembly that took place on March 24, 1929 at the FA headquarters in Zagreb. The initiative for the relocation of FA headquarters from Zagreb to Belgrade was also discussed at the same assembly, causing high tensions and incidents that even police had to intervene. The assembly was interrupted and stopped following the incident, which meant that BSK's appeal was not even discussed.
Qualifiers.
This season introduced a change in which there was no longer directly qualified teams, and this meant that all teams had to go trough one round of qualifiers. As in previous seasons, the subassociations of Belgrade and Zagreb provided the first two teams, while the access to the rest of the subassociations was only provided to the correspondent subassociation champion.
The representatives were:
Qualifying round:
The first leg was played on June 2, and the second on June 9.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
HAJDUK SPLIT (coach: Luka Kaliterna)
Bartul Čulić<br>Janko Rodin<br>Ivan Montana<br>Veljko Poduje<br>Miroslav Dešković<br>Marko Mikačić<br>Šime Poduje<br>Veljko Radić<br>Ljubo Benčić<br>Branko Bakotić<br>Antun Bonačić<br>Leo Lemešić

</doc>
<doc id="2841288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841288" title="Office of Federal Financial Management">
Office of Federal Financial Management

The Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) is a sub-division the United States Office of Management and Budget. 
OFFM responsibilities include implementing the financial management improvement priorities of the President, establishing government-wide financial management policies of executive agencies, and carrying out the financial management functions of the CFO Act of 1990.
The Office was created by the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 ("CFO Act"), signed into law by President George H.W. Bush in 1990. 
The OFFM's chief officer is the Controller. The Controller of the OFFM is appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the U.S. Senate. The current Controller is Sylvia Mathews Burwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2841311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841311" title="Dior Homme">
Dior Homme

Dior Homme is the menswear division of Christian Dior SA, the French clothing retailer. Dior Homme has been under the creative direction of Kris Van Assche since spring/summer 2008. It had been directed by Hedi Slimane since the fall/winter 2001-02 season. Under Hedi Slimane's direction, Dior Homme has introduced a characteristic slim silhouette which has since taken off within the fashion industry. The early collections delved into the exploration of the male sex. The look darkened during the Luster period which was inspired by the electroscene of Berlin. Since 2004 A/W, Dior Homme has delved into exploring the different styles of Rock. A popular rumor is that Karl Lagerfeld lost about 90 pounds so he would fit into one of Slimanes esteemed suits. The logo used now by Dior Homme is a bee, usually in the bottom right-hand side of knit wear and the top right side in polo shirts.
Since 2007 and the departure of Hedi Slimane, Kris Van Assche implements a more formal and minimal style. Over the seasons, he softens the black stiff silhouette which had become too cliché and opt for models who add an athletic look to the spindly Dior Homme silhouette.
This new look is characterized by an almost religiously attention to details and an unshakeable color palette of shades of black, gray, blue or chocolate.
During the 1980s and 1990s Dior's menswear line was called Dior Monsieur. Brad Pitt, Mick Jagger, David Beckham, and Kanye West have all been spotted wearing the clothes – it is very popular amongst rockstars.
In late 2007 Dior Homme began producing a six-piece men's skin care range developed in partnership with Harvard medical school, with Hedi Slimane designing the packaging. The skin care range is available for sale in France and department stores all over the world.
Reference codes.
When dealing and trading Dior Homme, the reference code is often used to place the item within the season it was produced. Here we decipher a typical/standard code: 5EH1015678 E47 B6A8 (SS'05 blue glitter jeans).
'5' refers to the year, that is, 2005.
'EH' refers to the season, that is, Eté (Summer). HH refers to 'Hiver' (Winter).
'101' refers to the item group, in this case, trousers (Pantalon). Other examples: 102 refers to blazers (Veste), 105 to shirts (Chemise) and so forth.
The next 4 numbers '5678' should refer to the specific item, with jeans it will reveal the type of cut as the entire 16 digit reference code will only differ by the first 2 digits in this set of 4 numbers for the differing cut. As noted earlier, the # for this item is 5EH1015678 E47 B6A8, referring to the 21 cm cut. The # for the 19 cm variant is 5EH1011678 E47 B6A8.
'E47',is the fabric code. 
The last 4, 'B6A8', is the colour code. In this particular case, 'B' refers to Bleu (blue), as in indigo blue, the main colour of the jean. 'A' refers to Argent (silver), the colour of the glitter. Another example would be B6N0 - the colour code for the SS'03 released classic blue distressed clawmark jeans painted over in matte black paint. The B6 again refers to the base colour bleu whilst the N0 refers to the black paint ('N' for Noir - black).

</doc>
<doc id="2841328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841328" title="Nasirabad District">
Nasirabad District

Nasirabad () is a district in the centre-west of Balochistan, Pakistan.
Nasirabad's headquarters are at Dera Murad Jamali. Its original name was Temple Dera, named after Captain H. M. Temple, a career British civil servant, who served as the Political Agent for Sibi from 1891 to 1892. Among the local population it is still known as 'Tipul', a corruption of the word 'temple'.
The district was notified in 1974. For three years, from July 1987 to December 1990, it was known as Tamboo district. Tamboo is a small village 40 km west of Dera Murad Jamali.
The district has two sub-divisions, D.M. Jamali and Chatta
Administration.
The district is administratively subdivided into three tehsils, these are:
Population.
The population of Nasirabad district is estimated to be over 1037,000 in 2013. Over 99% of the people of the area are Muslims.
Language.
Local languages areSaraikiSindhi,Brohi, and Balochi.
Official languages are Urdu and English

</doc>
<doc id="2841331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841331" title="Epi Quizon">
Epi Quizon

Jeffrey Epi Smith Quizon (born January 23, 1973) is a Filipino actor and the son of King of Comedy Dolphy.
Early life.
Born Jeffrey Smith Quizon on January 23, 1973. He is the youngest of 4 siblings. His mother is Pamela Ponti. Baby Smith.
He is a Filipino with Chinese and American blood.
Personal life.
He is the husband of Maria Del Rosario Camus Escudero with daughter Eleana Mishael and a son named Sandro with another woman.
Trivia.
Tagged by the movie press as the "Next Dolphy." He, however, shunned the title saying there is only one Dolphy. He stopped smoking after taking the 40-day Kick it! Beat it! quit smoking celebrity challenge, an advocacy campaign in support of the Philippine health department's smoking cessation program sponsored by Pfizer Consumer Healthcare. He is among the first batch of celebrities joining the campaign from August 23 to October 1, 2006; the others are Amanda Griffin, Rica Peralejo and DJ-sportscaster Vitto Lazatin. He used to be chain-smoker. He is the band leader of Makatha.

</doc>
<doc id="2841344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841344" title="Normandie Hotel">
Normandie Hotel

The Normandie Hotel is a hotel located in San Juan, Puerto Rico. The hotel originally opened on October 10, 1942. Its design was inspired by the ocean liner SS Normandie. It features the same art deco design as the ship that inspired it, and the hotel's roof sign is one of the two signs that adorned the top deck of the Normandie but were removed from it during an early refitting. It is a fine example of what came to be known as the Streamline Moderne architecture style.
The Normandie Hotel was the brainchild of Puerto Rican engineer Félix Benítez Rexach. The engineer met his future wife while on a trip aboard the SS Normandie. As a tribute to his French wife, Moineau, Benítez decided to construct a structure that imitated the lavish settings of the ocean liner. Designed by architect Raúl Reichard (1908–1996), the hotel began construction in 1938. The hotel's exterior was designed to resemble a luxury liner, elongated and curved in front, with portal-shape windows and lights. Inside, the hotel features art deco design, complete with Roman, Egyptian, and French details, high ceilings, and corridors looking down into a central skylighted atrium.
Designers and artists from Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, France, and Spain all contributed to the hotel's overall construction. When it opened on October 10, 1942, it became an instant sensation among the island's social elite. Completed at a cost of more than US$2,000,000, the hotel catered to many major Hollywood and Latin American film stars such as Cantinflas, Libertad Lamarque and Jorge Negrete. The hotel also served as a performing arts venue for many of Puerto Rico's top entertainers such as Ruth Fernández, Myrta Silva, Sylvia Rexach, and Carmen Delia Dipini.
After being closed and abandoned in the 1960s, the hotel was restored in the early 1990s after it underwent massive renovations due to heavy damage caused by Hurricane Georges in 1998. After storm-related damages were repaired, the hotel remained in business until 2004, when a renovation project commenced. In early 2005, the 173-room hotel reopened after its refurbishing, however it was closed once again sometime after 2008 due to an ongoing modernization project.
Most recently, the Normandie Hotel was purchased on August 8, 2013 by Ben Medetsky and Jack Polatsek of Interra Capital Group http://www.interracapital.com, who are working on plans for redevelopment of the hotel.
The Normandie Hotel has been declared a national historic site was added to the National Register of Historic Places by the U.S. Interior Department's Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service on August 29, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="2841354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841354" title="USS Robert K. Huntington (DD-781)">
USS Robert K. Huntington (DD-781)

USS "Robert K. Huntington" (DD-781), an , is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Robert Kingsbury Huntington, a naval aviator and member of Torpedo Squadron 8. The entire squadron was lost during the Battle of Midway.
"Robert K. Huntington" (DD-781) was laid down 29 February 1944 by Todd Pacific Shipyards, Seattle, Washington; launched 5 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Ruth Arnold Welsh; and commissioned 3 March 1945, Commander J. W. Ramey in command.
History.
"Robert K. Huntington" joined the Pacific Fleet 31 May 1945 and from 27 June to 16 August escorted ships between Eniwetok and Ulithi. On 28 August, she joined the Fast Carrier Task Force off the Japanese coast and was one of the ships which escorted battleship into Tokyo Bay to receive the official Japanese surrender. She then returned to San Diego, carrying 100 marines home. In the spring of 1946, she returned to the Marshalls as a unit of TF 1 during Operation Crossroads, the first atomic bomb test at Bikini. In July, she witnessed the air burst from a considerable distance, and the more spectacular underwater blast from the comparatively close range of 10 miles.
Until early in 1949, "Robert K. Huntington" operated and trained off the west coast, in Hawaiian waters, and in Far Eastern waters with Task Force 38, the Pacific Mobile Striking Force. In April the destroyer was transferred to the Atlantic Fleet where she was assigned to a carrier task force, then undergoing extensive antisubmarine warfare training. She spent the following winter in Arctic waters; then in February 1950 headed for the Caribbean to participate in fleet exercises.
In December "Robert K. Huntington" deployed for the first time to the Mediterranean and duty with the 6th Fleet. In the spring she returned to Norfolk and for the next 2 years she alternated cold weather operations with Caribbean cruises; then from the spring of 1953 until the summer of 1955 rotated between duty in the Mediterranean and exercises with the 2nd Fleet off the U.S. east coast and in the Caribbean. In July 1955 she was in the North Atlantic guarding president Eisenhower's plane route as he traveled to and from the Geneva Conference.
Following a Caribbean cruise in the spring of 1956, "Robert K. Huntington" conducted a midshipman training cruise to Europe and the Caribbean. In 1957 she operated in the Caribbean and then in European waters for NATO exercises. In both 1958 and 1959, "Robert K. Huntington" made 6-month Mediterranean deployments, while she spent most of 1960 undergoing a fleet rehabilitation and modernization (FRAM) overhaul and conversion. Emerging from the shipyard, the "new" destroyer steamed to her new home port, Mayport, and through 1961 operated off the U.S. east coast and in the Caribbean.
Employed in ASW exercises off the east coast during the first half of 1962, "Robert K. Huntington" deployed to the Mediterranean 3 August, and operated in the Black Sea 3 to 12 October. She returned to Mayport 3 March 1963 and spent much of the rest of that year in the Caribbean. For the next 4 years she operated off the east coast, in the Caribbean, and in the Mediterranean. In late 1967, she deployed to the Mediterranean as part of a hunter-killer force. She returned to Mayport 16 December 1967.
In early 1968 "Robert K. Huntington" continued to operate off the east coast and in the Caribbean until transferring to the Pacific Fleet. In October she deployed to the Far East for 6 months, operating off Vietnam. She returned to Mayport 17, April 1969 and remained in-port undergoing minor repairs until July 1969.
In July 1969, "Robert K. Huntington" received a new assignment and a new home port. Operating out of Bayonne, New Jersey she was active in the Atlantic and Caribbean with the Reserve program until October 1973. At that time, as a result of a survey, she was found to be unfit for further service and was decommissioned 31 October at Newport, Rhode Island "Robert K. Huntington" was stricken from the Navy List on the same day and sold to the Venezuelan Navy in which she was renamed "Falcon".
"Robert K. Huntington" earned two battle stars for Vietnam service.

</doc>
<doc id="2841357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841357" title="Anthony Colby">
Anthony Colby

Anthony Colby (November 13, 1792 – July 13, 1873) was an American businessman and politician from New London, New Hampshire. He owned and operated a grist mill and a stage line, and served one term as Governor of New Hampshire. For twenty years (1850–1870) he was a trustee of Dartmouth College.
Colby's papers are held at Colby-Sawyer College.

</doc>
<doc id="2841362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841362" title="Pat Kelly (catcher)">
Pat Kelly (catcher)

Dale Patrick Kelly (born August 27, 1955 in Santa Maria, California) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. Drafted in the third round of amateur draft, his career in the majors consisted of three games. He made his MLB debut with the Toronto Blue Jays on May 28, , and played his final game five days later. In seven at-bats, he had two hits, for a .286 batting average, with no home runs or RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed.
On July 3, 2007, Kelly replaced Bucky Dent as the Cincinnati Reds bench coach on an interim basis.
On June 5, 2008, Pat's son Casey was the 30th selection of the first round by the Boston Red Sox in the MLB's First Year Player Draft. Pat's older son, Chris, is currently in the Tampa Bay Rays farm system.

</doc>
<doc id="2841366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841366" title="All India Forward Bloc (Ramayan Singh)">
All India Forward Bloc (Ramayan Singh)

All India Forward Bloc (Ramayan Singh) was a political party in India. Ramayan Singh, an All India Forward Bloc leader from Bihar, had been expelled from AIFB in 1978. In May 1979 he regrouped his followers at a meeting in Delhi and constituted a parallel AIFB. Singh's party adopted the tricolour with a tiger as their flag, identical to the flag of the Indian National Army.
In the 1982 West Bengal assembly elections, Singh's party supported the Indian National Congress. Singh's party didn't win any seats.

</doc>
<doc id="2841370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841370" title="Shen Dzu">
Shen Dzu

Shen Dzu or God Pig (Traditional Chinese: 神豬, Simplifed Chinese: 神猪; Mandarin Pinyin: shénzhū, Wade-Giles: shen-chu) are pigs fattened for use in Hakka religious and cultural ceremonies, particularly the Yimin Festival popular in northern Taiwan. Pigs are fattened in a process similar to (and as controversial as) gavage to make them as large as possible in preparation for contests and awards at the festival. Many pigs end up weighing over 800 kilograms and some pigs even weigh more than 900 kilograms; though some growers cheat by force feeding the pigs lead or sand before the weighing. The pig is then ritually killed as a sacrifice to a city god or a local deity; the most popular of these deities being Qingshui Zushi, ironically a deified Buddhist monk.
In urban areas with no access to farm such a gargantuan beast as a 900 kg pig, or places where objections based on cruelty to the pigs has been raised, the contests instead have become art projects for children to create decorated pig statues.

</doc>
<doc id="2841374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841374" title="Steven Frank (developer)">
Steven Frank (developer)

Steven Frank is a Macintosh developer and original author of the popular webcomic "Spamusement!" Frank is cofounder of the software company Panic.[http://stevenf.com/about/]

</doc>
<doc id="2841384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841384" title="Terry J. Lundgren">
Terry J. Lundgren

Terry J. Lundgren (born 1952) is an American department store executive and is the CEO, Chairman of the Board, President, and Director at Macy's, Inc., the parent company of Macy's and Bloomingdale's department stores.
Career.
Through his career at Federated/Macy's, Lundgren is credited with being an innovator in merchandising, branding and localization. He was instrumental in developing the company's private brands of merchandise and led the 2005 merger of Federated Department Stores, Inc. and May Department Stores, Inc., creating one of the largest retailers in the world, with more than 800 U.S. stores and 2008 net sales of US$24.9 billion.
Like all retailers, Macy's, Inc. saw declining sales in 2008 amid deterioration of the U.S. economy. In fiscal 2008 (through January 2009), same-store sales declined by 4.6% at Macy's, Inc. In this environment, however, Macy's, Inc. has outperformed virtually every major competitor.
Macy's is seeing positive early results from "My Macy's", a localization inititaive launched by Lundgren in spring 2008 to tailor a portion of every store's assortment to local tastes and color. The company reported that of its top 15 best-performing geographic markets in the key holiday selling month of December 2008, 13 were My Macy's pilot districts. The My Macy's organizational model is being rolled out across the U.S. in 2009.
As reported in Macy's, Inc.'s proxy statement filed in April 2009, Lundgren's total compensation in 2008 declined by 37% to $5.4 million, reflecting lower sales and profitability in a weak economy. His compensation included $1.5 million in salary, $900,000 under the non-equity incentive plan, and $496,423 in various other compensation. The remainder was the value of stock options.
Lundgren has been awarded numerous honors. In 2008, he received the Gold Medal Award from the National Retail Federation, considered the retailing industry's pre-eminent honor. In spring 2008, he was presented with Carnegie Hall's third annual Medal of Excellence for outstanding philanthropic leadership in the arts. The gala held in Lundgren's honor raised $4.2 million for Carnegie Hall. Lundgren is very active in the community; he has been appointed Commissioner on Women's Economic Development by the Mayor of New York. Also, on behalf of NYC Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg he served as one of the industry chairs of Fashion.NYC.2020, which looked at the future of NYC's fashion industry and made recommendations for actionable steps the NYC government could take to promote NYC's fashion industry
He has been presented with several business recognition awards and has served as dinner chairman or as honoree for numerous retail industry organizations and charities, including the Fresh Air Fund, American Jewish Council, Breast Cancer Awareness, NOW Legal Defense, Parsons School and the Ovarian Cancer Society. Lundgren currently serves on the boards of Carnegie Hall, The New York City Partnership and United Way of New York City, as well as participating in numerous other charitable and civic efforts.
Lundgren currently is chairman of the National Minority Supplier Development Council. He also serves on the membership committee of the Economic Club of New York and is involved with the New York City Principal for a Day Program.
Personal life.
Lundgren was born and raised in Southern California, as one of six children. After graduating college, he joined Federated and rose quickly to lead the upscale specialty Bullocks Wilshire division in Los Angeles at age 35. Lundgren was married to Nancy Cross until their divorce; he has two daughters from this marriage. Lundgren married Tina Stephan in 2006.
Lundgren is also the namesake of the Terry J. Lundgren Center for Retailing at the University of Arizona, where he is also an alumnus, having graduated in 1974 with a bachelor's degree/B.A. In 2000, Lundgren was awarded the Honorary Doctor of Laws degree and delivered the university's commencement address.

</doc>
<doc id="2841388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841388" title="Charles Pickard Ware">
Charles Pickard Ware

Charles Pickard Ware (1840–1921), was an American educator and music transcriber. An abolitionist, he served as a civilian administrator in the Union Army, where he was a labor superintendent of freedmen on plantations at Port Royal, South Carolina during the American Civil War. This included Seaside Plantation. It is here that he transcribed many slave songs with tunes and lyrics, later published in "Slave Songs of the United States" which is the first collection of American folk music. Charles Ware was also an educator in Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2841389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841389" title="Norman Rush">
Norman Rush

Norman Rush (born October 24, 1933, San Francisco, California) is an American writer whose introspective novels and short stories are set in Botswana in the 1980s.
He won the U.S. National Book Award and the 1992 "Irish Times"/Aer Lingus International Fiction Prize for his novel "Mating."
Life.
Rush was born in San Francisco and raised in Oakland, the son of Roger and Leslie (Chesse) Rush. He graduated from Swarthmore College in 1956. During the Korean War he was sentenced to two years incarceration for his status as a conscientious objector to the war, but was released on parole after nine months. After working for fifteen years as a book dealer, he changed careers to become a teacher and found he had more time to write. He submitted a short story about his teaching experiences to "The New Yorker" and it was published in 1978.
Rush and his wife Elsa were co-workers for the Peace Corps in Botswana from 1978 to 1983, which provided material for a collection of short stories he published as "Whites." In 1986 "Whites" was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. His Botswana experience also served as the locations for his novels, "Mating" and "Mortals".
Norman lives in Rockland County, NY with his wife, Elsa.
Rush's third novel, "Subtle Bodies", was published in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2841414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841414" title="James Hope, 1st Baron Rankeillour">
James Hope, 1st Baron Rankeillour

James Fitzalan Hope, 1st Baron Rankeillour PC (11 December 1870 – 14 February 1949), was a British Conservative politician. He served as Chairman of Ways and Means from 1921 to 1924 and again from 1924 to 1929.
Background and education.
A member of the Hope family now headed by the Marquess of Linlithgow, Hope was the third but only surviving son of J. R. Hope-Scott, of Abbotsford House, and Lady Victoria Alexandrina Fitzalan-Howard, eldest daughter of Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 14th Duke of Norfolk. He was educated at The Oratory School and at Christ Church, Oxford.
Political career.
Hope was Conservative Member of Parliament for Sheffield Brightside from 1900 to 1906 and for Sheffield Central from 1908 to 1929. He served under H. H. Asquith as Treasurer of the Household from 1915 to 1916 and under David Lloyd George as a Lord of the Treasury from 1916 to 1919 and as Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Ministry of Munitions from 1919 to 1921, when that office was abolished. He was Chairman of Ways and Means (Deputy-Speaker of the House of Commons) from 1921 until February 1924 and again from December 1924 until 1929. He was sworn of the Privy Council in the 1922 New Year Honours and raised to the peerage as Baron Rankeillour, of Buxted in the County of Sussex, in 1932.
Family.
Lord Rankeillour married firstly Mabel Helen Riddell, second daughter of Francis Henry Riddell, of Cheeseburn Grange, Northumberland, in 1892. They had three sons (two of whom succeeded in turn to the Barony) and one daughter. After his first wife's death in 1938 he married secondly Lady Beatrice Minnie Ponsonby Moore, only daughter of Ponsonby Moore, 9th Earl of Drogheda, and widow of Struan Robertson Kerr-Clark, in 1941. He died in February 1949, aged 78, and was succeeded by his eldest son, Arthur. Lady Rankeillour died in May 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="2841415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841415" title="DutchCaribbeanExel">
DutchCaribbeanExel

DutchCaribbeanExel was an airline with its head office in Amsterdam.
History.
The airline was established in 2004 and started operations on 15 July 2004. It was wholly owned by ExelAviationGroup. The airline folded in February 2005 when the ExelGroup declared bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy.
DutchCaribbeanExel was part of the Exel Group which consisted of BelgiumExel, AlsaceExel, and DutchCaribbeanExel. The Exel Aviation Group started to disintegrate late-2004, soon after the takeover of DutchBird; when failed Air Holland (declared bankrupt 25Mar04 with 30 million euros in debt) was investigated for alleged laundering of drugs money and arrests were made, it put HollandExel in negative publicity as well.
In Feb.2005 HollandExel filed for the Dutch equivalent of Chapter 11 and its main client, tour operator TUI Netherlands invested millions to keep the airline flying. Two months later, TUI Netherlands continued HollandExel under new management, operating as ArkeFly and the fleet of aircraft (4 Boeing 767s by now) plus some 400 employees moved to the new company. In May 2005 HollandExel was declared bankrupt.
DutchCaribbeanExel was originally part of the Exel Aviation Group, but was taken over, together with parent airline, HollandExel, by TUI Nederland, and renamed Arkefly Curaçao.
Services.
DutchCaribbeanExel operated services between Curaçao and Amsterdam.
Fleet.
The DutchCaribbeanExel fleet consisted of 1 Boeing 767-300 aircraft which was disposed of in April 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2841422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841422" title="Skin Deep (1989 film)">
Skin Deep (1989 film)

Skin Deep is a 1989 American film starring John Ritter, written and directed by Blake Edwards.
Plot.
Zachary "Zach" Hutton is a successful author who has a weakness for alcohol and beautiful women. Zach's mistress walks in on him in the process of cheating on her, followed by his estranged wife Alex discovering him in bed with both women. Following the breakup of those relationships, Zach engages in a long period of binge-drinking and solace-seeking with a string of women. He avoids work, continues to strain relations with his ex-wife and drunkenly attends a formal party dressed in a genie's costume.
Zach's affairs include one with a volatile woman named Molly who deliberately leaves him hooked up too long to a skin-treatment electro-therapy machine that gives his body quivering spasms from head to toe. He also has a one-night stand with a remarkably muscular female bodybuilder named Lonnie, telling her before sex that he feels "like Mrs. Arnold Schwarzenegger."
Perhaps the most memorable scene is shot in total darkness, with Zach wearing a luminous condom as he prepares to have sex with yet another woman he has just met, Amy. When her boyfriend returns similarly equipped, the two men engage in a frantic fight, their glow-in-the-dark attire bouncing crazily across the room. After disrupting his ex-wife's wedding day, it finally dawns on Zach just how out of control his drinking habit has become. He sobers up and begins to write again, and wins back Alex's love as the film ends.
Reception.
Critical Reception.
The film received mixed to negative reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 38% "Rotten" rating.
Box Office.
Despite negative reviews, the film was a financial success.

</doc>
<doc id="2841425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841425" title="1930 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1930 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1930 National Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1930. / Државно првенство 1930.) had the number of teams participating once again raised to six. The champion, Concordia Zagreb, was a newly formed team consisting of previous HAŠK players.
Qualifiers.
This year, two new subassociations were formed. On April 13, 1930 the subassociation of Novi Sad was created, which would include the clubs from the districts of Novi Sad, Sremska Mitrovica and Šabac. A month later, on May 9, the subassociation of Veliki Bečkerek was formed, including the clubs from Veliki Bečkerek, Vršac, Kikinda and Pančevo districts.
Just as in the previous seasons, the two best placed teams from the subassociations of Belgrade and Zagreb will compete, while the rest of subassociations will qualify their champion. The Yugoslav Football Association in order to increase the number of teams in the final stage made some alterations, such as that the first two teams positioned in the previous season, Hajduk Split and BSK Belgrade, qualify directly to the final stage.
The representatives were:
Qualifying round:
The qualified teams were Jugoslavija, Slavija Osijek, Concordia Zagreb and Slavija Sarajevo. The first leg mathes were played on July 6, with the second leg ones being played on July 13. The extra match between Slavija Osijek and HAŠK was played in Osijek on July 14. The Subassociation of Skoplje failed to present a champion as three clubs finished the league with equal number of points: Jug, SSK and Sparta.
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
CONCORDIA ZAGREB (coach: Erwin Puschner)
Sergije Demić<br>Pavičić<br>Dragutin Babić<br>Boško Ralić<br>Daniel Premerl<br>N. Pavelić<br>Miho Remec<br>Edigio Martinović<br>R. Pavelić<br>Aleksandar Živković<br>Ivan Pavelić<br>Boris Praunberger

</doc>
<doc id="2841427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841427" title="Robert Makłowicz">
Robert Makłowicz

Robert Makłowicz (born August 12, 1963 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish journalist and historian, notable as a promoter of the Polish cuisine, slow food, and is a television personality.
He became fascinated with European cuisine during his studies at the historical faculty of the Jagiellonian University. After the end of communism in Poland, in 1993 as a joke he had shown one of his friends a recipe for wiener schnitzel he prepared himself. He was instantly offered the job of a culinary critic of the Kraków variation of the Gazeta Wyborcza daily. Soon afterwards his essays and descriptions of various restaurants in Kraków became so popular that he was moved to the all-national weekly magazine published by Gazeta Wyborcza. He also started cooperation with various other newspapers, including Przekrój, Wprost (2002–2005) and Newsweek Polska (since 2005).
In 1996 he was also offered a short programme in the morning block of the public TV. Although far from prime time, the programme gained much popularity and, since August 1998, Makłowicz has been preparing a weekly show named "Robert Makłowicz's Culinary Travels". Each show is prepared in a different region of the world and presents the local cuisine as prepared by Makłowicz himself or by local people, not necessarily professional chefs.
Makłowicz also published a number of books on culinary traditions of his homeland, Galicia. The first of the series, the "C.K. Kuchnia" ("K.u.K. Cuisine") became a nation-wide best-seller.
Other Robert Makłowicz's books:

</doc>
<doc id="2841431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841431" title="Philip Serrell">
Philip Serrell

Philip Serrell (born 27 March 1954) is a British auctioneer, antiques expert and television presenter.
Early life.
Serrell attended the Royal Grammar School in Worcester, where he was a schoolmate of the Pakistani cricket captain Imran Khan. Serrell played both cricket and rugby for the school, prior to his attendance at, and graduation from, Loughborough College of Physical Education as a physical education teacher.
Career.
Dissatisfied as a teacher, Serrell changed careers to become an auctioneer, working in the local livestock trade until qualifying as a Chartered Surveyor in 1988, specialising in fine art and antiques.
Serrell owns an auctioneers and valuers firm with offices in Worcester and a salesroom in Great Malvern, established in 1995. He is a regular expert on the BBC series "Bargain Hunt" and "Flog It!" and has also made a couple of appearance on ITV's "Dickinson's Real Deal". He has also featured on other BBC series "Antiques Road Trip" and "Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is" (where he is light-heartedly billed as Phil "The Fox" Serrell). 
He has regularly appeared on BBC Local Radio, and has also written a biweekly column for the "Worcester News".
Personal life.
Married, he lives in Worcester with his wife. Serrell is an avid collector, living in a "house full of tat", and is an avid fan of Aston Martin cars.

</doc>
<doc id="2841443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841443" title="Chhayanat">
Chhayanat

The Chhayanat Sangeet Vidyatan () is one of leading institutions of Bengali culture in the world. Founded in 1961 in Dhaka, Chhayanat remains one of the most influential cultural groups in the country. As in the case of many similar organizations, it was established during the Pakistani rule in Bangladesh to promote and nurture the cultural and musical heritage of Bengal. Every year, Chhayanat arranges the biggest program in order to celebrate the Pahela Boishakh, the first day of Bengali new year.

</doc>
<doc id="2841444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841444" title="Félix Benítez Rexach">
Félix Benítez Rexach

Félix Benítez Rexach (March 27, 1886 – November 2, 1975) was the Puerto Rican engineer and architect who designed the Normandie Hotel, located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Biography.
Born in Vieques, Benítez Rexach met Lucienne Dhotelle, a native of France better known as La Môme Moineau while on board the French ocean liner SS Normandie. The couple fell in love and soon married.
Normandie Hotel.
Benítez Rexach had fond memories of the liner and decided to surprise his wife with the construction of a yacht as a replica of the majestic ship. Moineau wasn't satisfied and Benítez Rexach decided then to construct a hotel with the form of a great transatlantic vessel. Designed by architect Raúl Reichard (1908–1996), the hotel began construction in 1938. He named the "Normandie Hotel" in honor of the French liner and presented it as a gift to his beloved wife and to the people of Puerto Rico. The hotel opened on October 10, 1942 at an estimated cost of more than US$2,000,000. Many consider it one of the foremost examples of Art Deco architecture in the world.
Other works.
Benítez Rexach also worked on various projects in the Dominican Republic, as a consequence of the friendship which he had with that country's dictator Rafael L. Trujillo. Among his works in that country were the Port of Santo Domingo and the "Avenida Jorge Washington" (George Washington Avenue).
Political beliefs.
Benítez Rexach was a passionate Puerto Rican patriot and a personal friend of Pedro Albizu Campos, president of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. He was a firm believer of the Puerto Rican independence movement, and once visited Luis A. Ferré, the pro-statehood Governor of Puerto Rico, at the governors mansion and asked him to proclaim the independence of Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="2841462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841462" title="Jack Carter (politician)">
Jack Carter (politician)

John William "Jack" Carter (born July 3, 1947), is an American businessman and politician who unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate in Nevada in 2006. Carter is the eldest child of former President Jimmy Carter and former First Lady Rosalynn Carter.
Biography.
Carter was born at the Naval Medical Center Portsmouth, Portsmouth, Virginia. Raised in Plains, Georgia, he spent summers working at his father's peanut farm warehouse, where his wages began at 10 cents per hour. Carter struggled when he first entered college in 1965, bouncing around between Georgia Tech, Emory, and Georgia Southwestern State University before enlisting in the United States Navy in April 1968 at the suggestion of his father. Carter served during the Vietnam War, on the salvage ship . He received a "less than honorable" general discharge in late 1970 after he and 53 classmates were caught smoking marijuana at the Navy Nuclear Power School in Idaho Falls, Idaho. Carter returned to Georgia Tech, earning a degree in nuclear physics. Following graduation, he immediately entered law school at the University of Georgia, receiving his Juris Doctor (J.D.) in 1975. In 1981, Carter moved to Chicago, where he worked for the Chicago Board of Trade and Citibank. 
His first marriage was with Juliet "Judy" Langford Carter. They have two children, Jason and Sarah. Jason has written a book, "Power Lines", about his experiences doing humanitarian work in South Africa, and was elected to the Georgia State Senate in 2010. Sarah Carter, a Ph.D. candidate in neuroscience, worked for his campaign and blogs on DailyKos. After his divorce Carter married Elizabeth Brasfield on May 15, 1992, and they lived in Bermuda, where they started an investment company, before moving to Las Vegas, Nevada in 2003, where he formed the investment consultant firm Carter Global. Stepson John Chuldenko (from his current wife's first marriage) is a film director and has directed television ads for the campaign. Stepdaughter Sarah Reynolds (née Chuldenko) is a book illustrator (for Jimmy Carter's poetry volume) and painter who has worked with Jeff Koons, and is married to Australian artist Stephen Reynolds.
2006 Senatorial campaign.
Carter moved to Nevada in 2002 and ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the United States Senate as a Democrat against incumbent Republican Senator John Ensign of Nevada in the 2006 election. Carter won the Democratic nomination on August 15, 2006 against opponent Ruby Jee Tun, a Carson City teacher. 
Carter's primary issues were his opposition to the continuing occupation of Iraq and his concerns about the health care system, especially what he characterized as its failure to meet its commitment to veterans.
"Carter, who said he and his wife have lived in Las Vegas since 2002, acknowledged that his recent arrival might be his greatest hurdle in the race." 
Carter lost the 2006 Nevada election to John Ensign by a 55%-41% margin. 
Carter was hospitalized for almost two weeks with colitis at the beginning of September 2006, falling ill following a trip to Atlanta for the birth of his first grandchild. He spent two days in intensive care, but had recovered by the beginning of October.

</doc>
<doc id="2841473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841473" title="HumorFeed">
HumorFeed

HumorFeed is a satire and humor news aggregator website founded in 2003 by Bill Doty and Uncle Sharky, who brought together a group of around 20 news satire webmasters. It displays headlines submitted by its members in a list generated daily in an RSS feed which many members also include on their own sites. At present it includes approximately 60 members.
Background.
The idea behind HumorFeed was to create a fair and equitable system that would enable members to effectively cross-link with one another's content. Each member is allowed to submit one headline per day; the headlines are randomly sorted when the feed is generated at midnight EST. This is to help ensure that all contributors receive equal exposure on the feed. In addition, HumorFeed is a selective organization, screening applicants via an anonymous peer review process designed to ensure that member sites are able to meet standards of talent and professionalism consistent with the existing members. Approximately a quarter of all HumorFeed applicants reviewed are accepted. The feed is also moderated daily and screened for inappropriate (NSFW) material. At present it averages 10 to 12 headlines a day.
Features.
In addition to listing headlines in the actual RSS feed, HumorFeed promotes its members via features such as the "Soup of the Day" link (a periodic link to interesting sites), a store where member publications are listed, and other features. It also produces "Check Please!", an ezine which publishes serious articles on satire news and journalism. There is also a blog run by HumorFeed members which tracks issues of interest to satire webmasters in the news, "The Bitter Cup". In December 2007, HumorFeed began listing original videos submitted by its members as well.
Annual Satire News Competition.
In January 2006 HumorFeed initiated an annual competition for its members using a panel of independent judges. The awards panel for the first two years included a range of noted humorists and journalists including Andrew Marlatt of SatireWire, John Markoff of the New York Times, Robert Zelnick of Boston University, Eric Weiner of National Public Radio, and Madeleine Begun Kane of "Mad Kane's Humor & Satire". For the third and fourth competitions, Fox TV reporter Dave Kartunen replaced Markoff.
Winners, best stories of 2005:
Winners, best stories of 2006:
Winners, best stories of 2007
Winners, best stories of 2008
Winners, best stories of 2009
History.
HumorFeed was founded in 2003. Uncle Sharky, the webmaster for U.S. Press News, and Bill Doty, the webmaster of Broken Newz, did the initial site design and coordinated the community of sites that began HumorFeed (with later design assistance from Joe Peacock of Mentally Incontinent). Sharky managed the day to day operations of the site from 2003 until August 2005, when he appointed Watley Review webmaster E.F. Watley as the new HumorFeed webmaster. Sharky remains active as the HumorFeed business manager.
On January 18, 2006 the Sacramento Bee included HumorFeed in a timeline of notable satire publications and shows ranging from the founding of Mad Magazine in 1952 to the debut of the Colbert Report. In July 2007 the Al-Jazeera English news analysis show Listening Post interviewed several members of HumorFeed in a feature on news satire and its relationship to mainstream media. On April 20, 2008 HumorFeed was listed as a recommended site in a NY Times Magazine column, "Broadcast Spoofs".

</doc>
<doc id="2841474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841474" title="Word sync">
Word sync

Word sync is a technique for synchronizing digital audio signals between high-end professional devices such as CD players, audio I/O cards etc. It allows all the components in the signal path to process the data and remain synchronized with each other. 
In simplest terms, one drummer beating out a pattern 10110 is great, but if two or three drummers beat that same 10110 pattern, but do not all start at exactly the same point in time, or keep exactly the same tempo as they are doing it, the result is a very muddy message for other devices which might need to listen to all three at once (e.g. a digital audio capture card on a computer or other multi-track recording device).

</doc>
<doc id="2841495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841495" title="Crimson-collared tanager">
Crimson-collared tanager

The crimson-collared tanager ("Ramphocelus sanguinolentus") is a rather small Middle American songbird. It was first described by the French naturalist René-Primevère Lesson in 1831, its specific epithet from the Latin adjective "sanguinolentus", "bloodied", referring to its red plumage.
Taxonomy.
This species is sometimes placed in a genus of its own as "Phlogothraupis sanguinolenta", and a genetic study suggests that it is less closely related to the other "Ramphocelus" tanagers than they are to each other. Its closest relative is the masked crimson tanager.
Description.
Crimson-collared tanagers average 19–20 cm (7.5–8 in long. The adult plumage is black with a red collar covering the nape, neck, and breast (remarkably similar to the pattern of the male Crimson-collared Grosbeak). All tail coverts are also red. The bill is striking pale blue and the legs are blue-gray. In adults, the irides are crimson, contrary to what is shown in Howell and Webb. Females average slightly duller than males, but are sometimes indistinguishable from them. Juvenile birds are similar except that the hood is dull red, the black areas are tinged with brown, and the breast is mottled red and black. Young birds also have a duller bill color.
Vocalizations are high-pitched and sibilant. There are several calls; one rendered as "ssii-p" is given both when perched and in flight. The song is jerky and consists of two-to-four-note phrases separated by pauses, "tueee-teew, chu-chee-wee-chu, teweee".
Distribution and habitat.
The crimson-collared tanager ranges from southern Veracruz and northern Oaxaca in Mexico through the Atlantic slope of Central America, to the highlands of western Panama. It inhabits the edges of humid evergreen forests and second growth, where it is often seen in pairs at middle to upper levels.
Behaviour.
Breeding.
The nest is a cup built of such materials as moss, rootlets and strips of large leaves such as banana or "Heliconia", and is placed at middle height in a tree at a forest edge. The female usually lays two eggs, pale blue with blackish spots.

</doc>
<doc id="2841497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841497" title="WJHM">
WJHM

WJHM (101.9 FM), also known as 101.9 AMP Radio, is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station that is licensed to Daytona Beach but primarily serves the Orlando and Space Coast areas of Central Florida. It is owned by CBS Radio. Its studios are located in Maitland and the transmitter tower is in Orange City.
From 1988 to 2014, it was ""102 Jamz,"" an urban-leaning rhythmic contemporary hit station with a playlist consisting of a heavy-emphasis on hip-hop and R&B and reported to BDS' Urban Contemporary Airplay panel until it was moved to the BDS' Rhythmic Airplay panel in February 2012, then to the BDS' Mainstream Top 40 Airplay panel in 2014 due to a sudden decrease in Rhythm and Hip Hop-oriented songs to its playlist in favor of a Mainstream Top 40 sound. Its signal can be picked up as far north as St. Augustine, Florida, south as Sebastian, Florida, as far west as Spring Hill, Florida (which is north of Tampa) as well as in the Lakeland area. As of 2014 Mediabase has swithched WJHM from the Rhythmic panel to the Top 40 panel.
History.
Early years.
101.9 began as WMFJ-FM on November 1, 1967. Sister to AM 1450 in Daytona Beach, WMFJ-FM was an automated beautiful music station known as "Stereo 102". The station's calls were changed to WQXQ in 1973 and the format became automated Album Oriented Rock as "Q102". Despite the rock format's success, management felt that a Top 40 hit station would have more mass appeal, and so "Q102" changed from rock to Top 40 in 1976; initially the station remained automated, but by the end of the 1970s it employed a staff of live and local announcers. The station changed its calls to WDOQ in 1980, but the format remained Top 40, the moniker remained "Q102", and the ratings remained high. Due to new competition in the Daytona market from WNFI-FM in 1982, "Q102" began to more aggressively target the Orlando market as opposed to only Daytona Beach. Although plans for a big 100,000-watt signal that would have extended to St. Augustine, Gainesville and Ocala were scrapped, WDOQ's listenership continued to grow.
In 1984, WDOQ was sold and adopted the new calls WCFI, with a satellite-fed adult contemporary format from Transtar (now Dial Global), using the ""I-4"" (a tribute to Miami's WINZ-FM) and later "Sunny 102" monikers. In 1985, the station was purchased by Duffy Broadcasting for $7.7 million. By 1986, the format and calls changed again to WORZ, ""Z-102FM"", a classic rock station. In 1987, it was sold to Beasley-Reed Broadcasting for $9.2 million. In early 1988, the call letters were changed to WJHM and the station adopted an CHR/Urban format targeting a multicultural audience as ""102 Jamz"" under the direction of Program Director Duff Lindsey and consultant Jerry Clifton. The station was an immediate success with listeners and within two years, ascended to the top of the 12+ Arbitron Ratings. Some of the DJs included Joe Nasty doing mornings and Cedric Hollywood as mid-day jock (also Music Director). WJHM was purchased by Chancellor Media in 1997. In late 1998, longtime music director Cedric Hollywood, who had been with the station since its inception in 1988, left ""102 Jamz"" to go to WEDR in Miami. Soon after, it started adding urban based songs to its playlist. Although the station was labeled as "Rhythmic", WJHM remained an Urban station at its core, but would later drop rhythmic-based songs when it got competition when WCFB acquired an urban AC format, resulting in WJHM shifting to Urban altogether.
The late 1990s brought a time of mergers with Chancellor merging with Evergreen and forming AMFM, Inc., who hold ownership of WJHM until it merged with Clear Channel in 2000. In 2001, Clear Channel sold WJHM to Infinity Broadcasting (now CBS Radio), and they have held ownership since. It briefly reverted to rhythmic by 2005 to go up against another rhythmic station, WPYO, although this was unsuccessful due to WCFB (who happen to be WPYO's sister station) having almost no competitor during the rhythmic experiment. WJHM shortly reverted to urban to challenge WCFB. Given WJHM's Urban heritage status in Orlando, it is in current competition with both WCFB and WPYO (both owned by Cox Radio). Although it is still one of the top ranking radio stations in the market, in recent months, WJHM has suffered the rare setback of ranking behind WPYO in the Arbitron ratings - rare to have an Urban format rank behind a Rhythmic.
102 Jamz.
In the of fall 2011, WJHM began adding Rhythmic product again. Despite its continued urban contemporary tenure per Nielsen BDS reports rather than being a rhythmic, it is still on Mediabase's rhythmic panel. Since the shift back to Rhythmic, WJHM added more pop tracks, such as "You Make Me Feel..." by Cobra Starship & "Moves Like Jagger" by Maroon 5. This move was due to WJHM looking at challenging WXXL, the market's only Top 40/CHR and former sister station. However, Cox-owned WPYO, whose Rhythmic direction slightly favored Hip-Hop but whose playlist was almost identical to WJHM until WPYO itself shifted to Urban format about the same time WJHM moved to Top 40, already continues to surpass WJHM in the ratings. In late January 2012, WJHM made more changes by dropping Rickey Smiley's syndicated morning show in favor of a more music-intensive morning block, terminated 18-year airstaffer Jay Love from the roster, and began transitioning to a Rhythmic Top 40 direction altogether, as their playlist now includes artists like Jessie J, Avicii, Kelly Clarkson, fun., The Wanted & Adele. It also dropped their longtime slogan "Non-Stop Hip-Hop and R&B," replacing it with "102 Minutes of Commercial-Free Music." The non-urban content that WJHM plays also receives airplay at both WXXL and adult top 40 WOMX, WJHM's sister station. By February 22, 2012, the station completed the shift to Rhythmic Top 40, joining the market's existing rhythmic WPYO as Nielsen BDS moved it to the Top40/Rhythmic panel citing a low emphasis on urban contemporary tracks and since making the transition adding more Pop tracks. Along with these changes, it no longer airs the Sunday morning gospel programming syndicated out of WVEE, although WJHM's HD2 subchannel broadcasts a Gospel format full-time.
Between 2000 and early 2012, WJHM was one of CBS Radio's only young demographic-targeting Urban stations along with Atlanta's WVEE-FM and Charlotte's WPEG, although all of them are in the southern United States. Its sister station WPGC-FM in Washington, D.C./Baltimore, Maryland was an urban contemporary reporter per Nielsen BDS and CBS Radio from 1997 to 2012, while they reported to the rhythmic contemporary panel at Mediabase, due to being a hybrid of both formats (also known as "Churban"), despite Radio One having WKYS and WERQ-FM directly competing in the area. WPGC returned to the BDS Rhythmic reporting panel in June 2012.
101.9 AMP Radio.
On February 11, 2014, in the early morning hours, 101.9 dropped its "Jamz" branding after 26 years and began stunting with a loop of the song "Get Lucky" by Daft Punk. At 10:19 AM that morning, WJHM rebranded as "101.9 AMP Radio". The first song on "AMP Radio" was "Timber" by Pitbull.

</doc>
<doc id="2841504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841504" title="USS Bristol (DD-857)">
USS Bristol (DD-857)

USS "Bristol" (DD-857), an "Allen M. Sumner"-class destroyer, was the 2nd ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral Mark Lambert Bristol, who served as Commander-in-Chief North Atlantic Fleet from 1901 to 1903.
The second "Bristol" was launched 29 October 1944 by Bethlehem Steel Co., San Pedro, California, sponsored by Mrs. August Frederick Eberly; and commissioned 17 March 1945, Commander K. P. Letts in command.
Service history.
World War II.
"Bristol" departed San Diego 13 June 1945, en route to Pearl Harbor, arriving 19 June 1945. Arriving at Guam 29 July she Joined TG 30.8, a logistic support group supplying TF 38. On 5 August 1945, "Bristol" collided with . "Bristol"s bow was damaged and she returned to Guam for repairs. Repairs completed 1 September, she departed for Far Eastern occupation duty. Her tour of duty ended 21 February 1946, and she returned to San Pedro 15 March.
Post-War.
In April 1946, "Bristol" proceeded to the east coast and reported to the Atlantic Fleet. She operated along the east coast until February 1947, when she steamed to England for a cruise in European waters that lasted until August. Between August 1947 and September 1948, she conducted local operations in the Atlantic and, from September 1948 until January 1949, made a second tour of Europe.
Upon return, she was designated as a Reserve training ship and operated for the next 18 months out of New Orleans, Louisiana. During the summer and fall of 1950, "Bristol" visited several Caribbean ports, with interim periods of training at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
"Bristol"s homeport was changed to Newport 21 October 1950, and, after refresher training at Guantanamo Bay, she reported to Newport for general duty. On 5 March 1951, "Bristol" proceeded to the Mediterranean for duty with the 6th Fleet, returning to Newport during the summer. On 2 October 1951, she commenced a round-the-world cruise which took her first to Korea where she served from 31 October 1951 to 27 February 1952. She then returned to Newport via the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean, arriving 21 April 1952.
Awards.
"Bristol" received one battle star for her World War II service and two battle stars for her Korean service.

</doc>
<doc id="2841505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841505" title="Pavel Kuznetsov">
Pavel Kuznetsov

Pavel Varfolomevich Kusnetsov (1878–1968) was a Russian painter and graphic artist.
He studied at Saratov at Bogolyubov Art School (1891-6), then Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture (1897–1904) and for a year in Paris (1905). His early paintings were exhibited by the Mir Iskusstva group, and he was closely associated with the Russian Symbolists. He helped to organize the Crimson Rose exhibition (1904) and was a founder and leader of the Blue Rose in 1907. He taught at the Stroganov Institute (1917–18; 1945-8) and at the Moscow Institute of Fine Arts (1918–37). He headed the painting section of Narkompros until 1921, but fell out of official favour with the advent of Socialist Realism.
Kuznetsov's early paintings are typical of the Blue Rose group's poetic explorations of an interior, imaginative world through archetypal symbols. After 1910 he drew increasingly on folk culture, continuing to draw on the rich colours and harmonious rhythms of the Symbolists but simplifying his compositions to depict the everyday life of village communities of Kirghizstan in Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="2841514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841514" title="Generalized geography">
Generalized geography

In computational complexity theory, generalized geography is a well-known PSPACE-complete problem.
Introduction.
Geography is a children's game, which is good for a long car trip, where players take turns naming cities from anywhere in the world. Each city chosen must begin with the same letter that ended the previous city name. Repetition is not allowed. The game begins with an arbitrary starting city and ends when a player loses because he or she is unable to continue.
Graph model.
To visualize the game, a directed graph can be constructed whose nodes are each cities of the world. An arrow is added from node "N1" to node "N2" if and only if the city labeling "N2" starts with the letter that ending the name of the city labeling node "N1". In other words, we draw an arrow from one city to another if the first can lead to the second according to the game rules. Each alternate edge in the directed graph corresponds to each player (for a two player game). The first player unable to extend the path loses. An illustration of the game (containing some cities in Michigan) is shown in the figure below.
In a generalized geography (GG) game, we replace the graph of city names with an arbitrary directed graph. The following graph is an example of a generalized geography game.
Playing the game.
We define "P"1 as the player moving first and "P"2 as the player moving second and name the nodes "N"1 to "N""n". In the above figure, "P"1 has a winning strategy as follows: "N"1 points only to nodes "N"2 and "N"3. Thus "P"1's first move must be one of these two choices. "P"1 chooses "N"2 (if "P"1 chooses "N"3, then "P"2 will choose "N"9 as that is the only option and "P"1 will lose). Next "P"2 chooses "N"4 because it is the only remaining choice. "P"1 now chooses "N"5 and "P"2 subsequently chooses "N"3 or "N"7. Regardless of "P"2's choice, "P"1 chooses "N"9 and "P"2 has no remaining choices and loses the game.
Problem statement.
The problem of determining which player has a winning strategy in a generalized geography game is PSPACE-complete. Let
GG = { <"G", "b"> | "P"1 has a winning strategy for the generalized geography game played on graph "G" starting at node "b" }.
Proof.
Generalized geography is in PSPACE.
To show that GG ∈ PSPACE, we present a polynomial-space recursive algorithm determining which player has a winning strategy. Given an instance of GG, <"G", "n"start> where "G" is a directed graph and "n"start is the designated start node, the algorithm "M" proceeds as follows:
On "M"(<"G", "n"start>):
The algorithm "M" clearly decides GG. It is in PSPACE because the only non-obvious polynomial workspace consumed is in the recursion stack. The space consumed by the recursion stack is polynomial because each level of recursion adds a single node to the stack, and there are at most "n" levels, where "n" is the number of nodes in "G".
Generalized geography is PSPACE-hard.
To establish the PSPACE-hardness of GG, we can reduce the FORMULA-GAME problem (which is known to be PSPACE-hard) to GG in polynomial time (P). In brief, an instance of the FORMULA-GAME problem consists of a quantified Boolean formula φ = ∃"x"1 ∀"x"2 ∃"x"3 ..."Qxk"(ψ) where "Q" is either ∃ or ∀. The game is played by two players, "Pa" and "Pe", who alternate choosing values for successive "xi". "Pe" wins the game if the formula ψ ends up "true", and "Pa" wins if ψ ends up "false". 
In this proof, we assume that the quantifier list starts and ends with the existential qualifier, ∃, for simplicity. Note that any expression can be converted to this form by adding dummy variables that do not appear in ψ.
By constructing a graph "G" like the one shown above, we will show any instance of FORMULA-GAME can be reduced to an instance of Generalized Geography, where the optimal strategy for "P1" is equivalent to that of "Pe", and the optimal strategy for "P2" is equivalent to that of "Pa".
The left vertical chain of nodes is designed to mimic the procedure of choosing values for variables in FORMULA-GAME. Each diamond structure corresponds to a quantified variable. Players take turns deciding paths at each branching node. Because we assumed the first quantifier would be existential, "P"1 goes first, selecting the left node if "x"1 is "true" and the right node if "x"1 is "false". Each player must then take forced turns, and then "P2" chooses a value for "x"2. These alternating assignments continue down the left side. After both players pass through all the diamonds, it is again "P"1 's turn, because we assumed that the last quantifier is existential. "P"1 has no choice but to follow the path to the right side of the graph. Then it is "P"2 's turn to make a move.
When the play gets to the right side of the graph, it is similar to the end of play in the formula game. Recall that in the formula game, "Pe" wins if ψ is "true", while "Pa" wins if ψ is "false". The right side of the graph guarantees that "P1" wins if and only if "Pe" wins, and that "P"2 wins if and only if "Pa" wins. 
First we show that "P"2 always wins when "Pa" wins. If "Pa" wins, ψ is "false". If ψ is "false", there exists an unsatisfying clause. "P"2 will choose an unsatisfying clause to win. Then when it is "P"1's turn he must choose a literal in that clause chosen by "P"2. Since all the literals in the clause are "false", they do not connect to previously visited nodes in the left vertical chain. This allows "P"2 to follow the connection to the corresponding node in a diamond of the left chain and select it. However, "P"1 is now unable to select any adjacent nodes and loses.
Now we show that "P"1 always wins when "Pe" wins. If "Pe" wins, ψ is "true". If ψ is "true", every clause in the right side of the graph contains a "true" literal. "P"2 can choose any clause. Then "P"1 chooses the literal that is "true". And because it is "true", its adjacent node in the left vertical node has already been selected, so "P"2 has no moves to make and loses.
Consequences.
Given that GG is PSPACE-complete, no polynomial time algorithm exists for optimal play in GG unless P = PSPACE. However, it may not be as easy to prove the complexity of other games because certain games (such as chess) contain a finite number of game positions — making it hard (or impossible) to formulate a mapping to a PSPACE-complete problem. In spite of this, the complexity of certain games can still be analyzed by generalization (e.g., to an "n" × "n" board). See the references for a proof for generalized Go, as a corollary of the proof of the completeness of GG.

</doc>
<doc id="2841527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841527" title="Pinal Airpark">
Pinal Airpark

Pinal Airpark is a county-owned, public-use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Marana, in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.
Its main purpose is to act as a boneyard for civilian commercial aircraft. Old airplanes are stored there with the hope that the dry desert climate will mitigate any form of corrosion in case the aircraft is pressed into service in the future. It is the largest commercial aircraft storage and heavy maintenance facility in the world. Even so, many aircraft which are brought there wind up being scrapped. Nearby the 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base provides the same service to the U.S. government.
The majority of the aircraft at Pinal Airpark formerly belonged to Northwest Airlines, though many other airlines are represented as well.
History.
Built in 1942 by the Sundt & Del Webb Construction Companies and opened in March 1943, the facility was known as Marana Army Air Field. During World War II, the airfield was under the command of the 389th Army Air Force Base Unit, AAF West Coast Training Center and used as a training base, as part of the 50,000 Pilot Training Program.
Marana conducted basic flight training & the training of transport pilots in instrument flying & navigation, being the home of the 3024th (Pilot School, Basic). Chinese pilots were also trained there. Five satellite airfields were established for Marana during World War II: Picacho Aux #1, Rillito Aux #2 (currently reused as Marana Northwest Regional Airport), Coronado Aux #3, Avra Aux #4, and Sahuaro Aux #5 (currently El Tiro Gliderport).
The infrastructure installed at Marana during World War II was extensive. This included water, sewer, and gas systems that were still used until some problems developed in the 1990s. There was also a massive storm drain system. The airfield also had a railroad spur line & railroad station.
Marana was closed after World War II and in 1948, Pinal County accepted a deed to the property, subsequent to the Air Force's disposal of most of the buildings, waterlines, gas lines, and electrical lines. From 1948-51, Pinal County leased the property to multiple tenants, and from 1951–56, Marana was reused as a contractor-operated USAF flying school, operated by Darr Aeronautical Technical Company.
Marana became the headquarters of all Central Intelligence Agency air operations during the Vietnam War years, when it was the primary facility of Intermountain Airlines, a wholly owned CIA "front" company which was used to supply covert operations in Southeast Asia & elsewhere. Intermountain was infamous for its thinly veiled CIA special ops which included development & use of the Fulton Skyhook, but its cover was its non-scheduled freight & maintenance operations. Marana was the principal continental United States maintenance base for Southeast Asia CIA operations including Air America and Continental Air Services.
One of the more notable aircraft assigned to Marana during its CIA years was a Boeing B-17G Flying Fortress, AAF Serial 44-85531. 531 was registered September 1957 to Western Enterprises, Inc. of Taiwan (founded by the CIA in 1951). In late 1957 missions were staged from Kurmitola Air Field in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) to parachute agents into Tibet. The aircraft was disassembled for parts at Clark Air Base, Philippines between March and October 1958, and it is believed that this plane was eventually scrapped. The serial number 44-85531 appeared again as registered on another B-17G, September 1, 1960 registered to Atlantic General Enterprise, Washington DC (another CIA front) as N809Z. These registration numbers were then changed to the true numbers of 44-83785. Based again at Marana, this aircraft later flew black operations over Vietnam and was used to retrieve two American agents from an abandoned Soviet scientific base in the Arctic using the Fulton Skyhook in Operation Coldfeet.
Current usage.
Pinal Airpark is the home of Aircraft Demolition, LLC. and Marana Aerospace Solutions, Evergreen Trade Inc., and Silverbell Army Heliport (SAHP).
The Western Army National Guard Aviation Training Site (WAATS) and other numerous National Guard units are located inside SAHP. The WAATS and is used principally for all ARNG AH-64 Apache Attack Helicopter training by the 'Gunfighter University'. It is also extensively used by the British Army for 'Conversion To Role' training for Apache combat operations in Afghanistan.
The Arizona Wing of the Civil Air Patrol often hosts its annual Basic Encampment there as well.
Pinal Airpark also hosts the U.S. Special Operations Command's Parachute Training and Testing Facility. On Mar 28, 2013, Navy SEAL SCPO Brett Shadle was killed during parachute training here and another SEAL was injured.
Facilities and aircraft.
Pinal Airpark covers an area of at an elevation of 1,893 feet (577 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 12/30 with an asphalt surface measuring 6,849 by 150 feet (2,088 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending January 31, 2004, the airport had 10,628 aircraft operations, an average of 29 per day: 69% general aviation and 31% military.

</doc>
<doc id="2841530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841530" title="Oronce Finé">
Oronce Finé

Oronce Fine (or Finé; in Latin, Orontius Finnaeus or Finaeus; ) (20 December 1494 – 8 August 1555) was a French mathematician and cartographer.
Life.
Born in Briançon, the son and grandson of physicians, he was educated in Paris (Collège de Navarre), and obtained a degree in medicine in 1522. 
He was imprisoned in 1524, probably for practicing judicial astrology.
In 1531, he was appointed to the chair of mathematics at the Collège Royal (the present Collège de France), founded by Francis I of France, where he taught until his death.[http://apprendre-math.info/history/photos/Fine.jpeg]
Mathematics.
Although primarily a populariser, Fine was one of the most prolific authors of mathematical books of his age. He worked in a wide range of mathematical fields, including practical geometry, arithmetic, optics, gnomonics, astronomy, and instrumentalism.
He gave the value of pi (= 3.1416) to be (22 2/9)/7 =  3.1746 in 1544. Later, he gave 47/15 =  3.1333 and, in "De rebus mathematicis" (1556), he gave 3 11/78 = 3.1410.
Astronomy and geography.
In 1542 Fine published "De mundi sphaera" (On the Heavenly Spheres), a popular astronomy textbook whose woodcut illustrations were much appreciated. His writing on astronomy included guides to the use of astronomical equipment and methods (e.g. the ancient practice of determining longitude through the coordinated observation of lunar eclipses from two fixed points with enough distance between them to make the phenomena appear at different times of the night.) He also described more recent innovations, such as an instrument he called a "méthéoroscope" (an astrolabe modified by adding a compass).
Explanatory work was complemented by direct contributions. His woodcut map of France (1525) is one of the first of its kind. He constructed an ivory sundial in 1524, which still exists. Fine's heart-shaped (cordiform) map projection may be his most famous illustration, and was frequently employed by other notable cartographers, including Peter Apian and Gerardus Mercator. 
Fine attempted to reconcile discoveries in the New World with old medieval legends and information (derived from Ptolemy) regarding the Orient. Thus, on one of his two world maps, "Nova Universi Orbis Descriptio" (1531), the legend marked "Asia" covers both North America and Asia, which were represented as one landmass. He used the toponym "America" for South America, and thus Marco Polo's "Mangi", "Tangut", and "Catay" appear on the shores of the present-day Gulf of Mexico. On the same map, Fine drew "Terra Australis" to the south, including the legend "recently discovered but not yet completely explored," by which he meant the discovery of Tierra del Fuego by Ferdinand Magellan.
Fine's cosmography was derived from the German mathematician and cosmographer, Johann Schoener. In his study of Schöner's globes, Franz von Wieser, found that the derivation of Fine's mappemonde from them was "unmistakeable ("unverkennbar")"; he said, "Orontius Finaeus took from Schöner not only the "Brasilie Regio", but the whole Austral Continent, the Strait of Magellan, and above all the whole arrangement of lands; in a word, the mappemonde of Oronce Fine is a copy of Schöner's". Lucien Gallois also noted the undeniable "ressemblance parfaite" between Fine's 1531 mappemonde and Schoener's globe of 1533. As Schoener's globe of 1523, which also closely resembled Fine's mappemonde, was not identified until 1925 by Frederik (F.C.) Wieder, Gallois was forced to argue that Fine, who said he had been working on his mappemonde since 1521, had had direct or indirect personal communication with Schoener or had drawn upon his 1515 "Luculentissima descriptio." Wieder's identification of Schoener's map gores of 1523 strengthens Gallois' case for Fine's reliance upon Schoener.
Death and legacy.
Fine died in Paris at age 60.
Jean Clouet is said to have painted a portrait of Fine in 1530, when Fine was 36. With the original painting lost, the rendering is now known only through prints derived from the original image.
Honours.
The lunar crater Orontius and Finaeus Cove in Antarctica are named after Oronce Finé, using his Latinized name.
References.
Alexander Marr (ed.), 'The Worlds of Oronce Fine: Mathematics, Instruments and Print in Renaissance France' (Shaun Tyas, 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="2841541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841541" title="Bea Wain">
Bea Wain

Bea Wain (born April 30, 1917) is an American Big Band-era singer born in New York City, New York. On a 1937 recording with Artie Shaw, she was credited as "Beatrice Wayne", which led some to assume that was her real name. On record labels, her name was shortened (without her permission) to "Bea" by the record company, ostensibly for space considerations. As she explained, "They cut it to 'Bea' Wain. They cut the 'Beatrice' out to 'Bea.' I was just a little old girl singer, but that's the truth. So that's how my name became 'Bea Wain'." 
She led the vocal group Bea and the Bachelors (with Al Rinker, Ken Lane, and John Smedberg) and the V8 (seven boys and a girl) on the Fred Waring show. In 1937, Wain joined former Tommy Dorsey arranger Larry Clinton and His Orchestra, which she joined after doing chorus work with Fred Waring and Ted Sttraeter. Her debut with Clinton was made in the summer of 1938 at the Glen Island Casino, New York. She was featured with Clinton on a number of hit tunes, including "Martha" and "Heart and Soul". In 1939, she was voted the most popular female band vocalist in "Billboard" annual college poll, and that same year she began her solo career. Her first theater tour as a solo led to her being signed for the "Your Hit Parade" and RCA Victor records. She was with "Your Hit Parade" for two years before taking on the NBC-Blue "Monday Merry-Go-Round" program, where she was the singing star. She had been in radio since the age of 6, where she was a favorite performer on the NBC Children's Hour.
Wain had four No. 1 hits: "Cry, Baby, Cry", "Deep Purple", "Heart and Soul" and her signature song, "My Reverie". She is considered by many to be one of the best female vocalists of her era, possessing a natural feel for swing-music rhythms not often found among white singers of the day. With regard to technique, she excelled in pitch and subtle utilization of dynamics. She also communicated a feminine sensuality and sang with conviction in an unforced manner.
On May 1, 1938, Bea Wain married radio announcer André Baruch. Their honeymoon in Bermuda was cut short when Fred Allen called Baruch asking him to return to New York to substitute for his ailing announcer, Harry von Zell. They were married for 53 years. Baruch died in 1991. The couple had two children. Bonnie Baruch and her husband, Mark Barnes, operate a vineyard in Northern California and run the Daisy Foundation, an organization which recognizes nurses for their critical role in patient care and supports research towards the cure of autoimmune diseases. Wayne Baruch has a career in the music and theatre business, and his wife, Shelley Baruch, is a theatrical producer and filmmaker.
Mr. and Mrs. Music.
Following her musical career, the couple worked as a husband-and-wife disc jockey team in New York on WMCA, where they were billed as "Mr. and Mrs. Music". In 1973, the couple moved to Palm Beach, Florida, where for nine years they had a top-rated daily four-hour talk show from 2 PM to 6 PM on WPBR before relocating to Beverly Hills. During the early 1980s, the pair hosted a syndicated version of "Your Hit Parade", reconstructing the list of hits of selected weeks in the 1940s and playing the original recordings.
In a 2004 interview with Christopher Popa, Wain reflected: "Actually, I've had a wonderful life, a wonderful career. And I'm still singing, and I'm still singing pretty good. This past December, I did a series of shows in Palm Springs, California, and the review said, "Bea Wain is still a giant." It's something called "Musical Chairs". I did six shows in six different venues, and I was a smash. And I really got a kick out of it."
Cultural legacy.
In James A. Michener's 1971 novel "The Drifters", characters discuss Bea Wain and her recording of "My Reverie" in two separate chapters of the book. 
In 2002, her recording of "My Reverie" was used in the Robin Williams movie "One Hour Photo".

</doc>
<doc id="2841542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841542" title="Schumacher Menace GTR">
Schumacher Menace GTR

The Schumacher Menace GTR is a radio-controlled car made by Schumacher Racing Products, powered by a nitro fuel engine. It is essentially a Schumacher Menace made into an on-road car. This is accomplished using lower shock towers, shorter dampers, different tires, wheels and other small adjustments. The end result is an on-road car that is just as fast as the Schumacher Fusion in a straight line speed but that can corner a lot faster due to its wider chassis and more stable nature.
Schumacher also produce an electric powered version, the Schumacher GTRe, which is similar in design but with a 540-size electric motor. The GTRe also includes the three-speed gearbox and disc brake system, something which is highly unusual for an electric RC-car of this type—electric on-road cars usually use motor braking and no gearbox.

</doc>
<doc id="2841556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841556" title="Loraine Wyman">
Loraine Wyman

Loraine Wyman (1885–1937) was an American folksinger, mountain dulcimer player, and music collector. She co-edited, with Howard Brockway, two collections of folk music:

</doc>
<doc id="2841557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841557" title="Long delayed echo">
Long delayed echo

Long delayed echoes (LDEs) are radio echoes which return to the sender several seconds after a radio transmission has occurred. Delays of longer than 2.7 seconds are considered LDEs. LDEs have a number of proposed scientific origins.
History.
These echoes were first observed in 1927 by civil engineer Jørgen Hals from his home near Oslo, Norway. Hals had repeatedly observed an unexpected second radio echo with a significant time delay after the primary radio echo ended. Unable to account for this strange phenomenon, he wrote a letter to Norwegian physicist Carl Størmer, explaining the event:
At the end of the summer of 1927 I repeatedly heard signals from the Dutch short-wave transmitting station PCJJ at Eindhoven. At the same time as I heard these I also heard echoes. I heard the usual echo which goes round the Earth with an interval of about 1/7 of a second as well as a weaker echo about three seconds after the principal echo had gone. When the principal signal was especially strong, I suppose the amplitude for the last echo three seconds later, lay between 1/10 and 1/20 of the principal signal in strength. From where this echo comes I cannot say for the present, I can only confirm that I really heard it.
Physicist Balthasar van der Pol helped Hals and Stormer investigate the echoes, but due to the sporadic nature of the echo events and variations in time-delay, did not find a suitable explanation.
Long delayed echoes have been heard sporadically from the first observations in 1927 and up to our time.
Five hypotheses.
Shlionskiy lists 15 possible "natural" explanations in two groups: reflections in outer space, and reflections within the Earth's magnetosphere. Vidmar and Crawford suggest five of them are the most likely. Sverre Holm, professor of signal processing at the Centre for Imaging, University of Oslo, details those five; in summary,
Radio waves of frequency less than about 7 MHz can become trapped in magnetic field-aligned ionization ducts with L values (distance from the center of the earth to the field line at the magnetic equator)less than about 4. These waves after being trapped can propagate to the opposite hemisphere where they become reflected in the topside ionosphere. They can return along the duct, leave it, and propagate to the receiver.
The signals from two separated transmitters T1 and T2, T2 transmitting CW or quasi-CW signals, interact nonlinearly in the ionosphere or magnetosphere. If the wave vector and frequency of the forced oscillation at the difference frequency of the two signals satisfies the dispersion relation for electrostatic waves, such waves would exist and begin to propagate. This wave could grow in amplitude due to wave-particle interaction. At a later time it could interact with the CW signal and propagate to T1.
None of these hypotheses can explain everything. Only the first mechanism is well established, and none of the other four are well-established enough to deserve the term "theory". The phenomena are often fleeting and non-repeatable. Our understanding of how the magnetosphere interacts with the solar wind is still evolving.
Alternative hypotheses.
Some believe that the aurora activity that follows a solar storm is the source of LDEs.
Still others believe that LDEs are double EME (EMEME) reflections, i.e. the signal is reflected by the moon and that reflected signal is reflected by the Earth back to the moon and reflected again by the moon back to the earth.
Duncan Lunan proposed the radio echoes observed by Størmer and Van der Pol in 1928 might have been transmissions from a Bracewell probe, an artifact of aliens trying to communicate with us by bouncing back our own signals. This concept is also addressed by Holm.
Deception.
Volker Grassmann writing in "VHF Communications" noted the possibility of individuals hoaxing LDEs, saying, "Attempts at deception can in no case be ruled out, and it is to be feared that less serious radio amateurs contribute to deliberate falsification... Short transmissions using different frequencies are a relatively simple procedure for excluding potential troublemakers."

</doc>
<doc id="2841561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841561" title="1930–31 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1930–31 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1930/31 National Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1930/31 / Државно првенство 1930/31) begun shortly after the previous season and was now contested during autumn and continuing through the next year ending in spring. BSK Beograd ended the Zagreb clubs' streak with record stats and an undefeated season.
Jugoslavija Beograd was replaced by Mačva apparently, for unknown reasons (presumably because Jugoslavija's best players were transferred to BSK, also explaining why BSK demolished the entire league after an unexceptional performance earlier that same year).
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
BSK Belgrade (Coach:Antal Nemes)

</doc>
<doc id="2841571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841571" title="Eva Kwok">
Eva Kwok

Eva Lee Kwok (born ) is a Malaysian-born Canadian businesswoman and investor. She is based in Vancouver, Canada. She spent her early life in Penang where she attended St. George's Girls' School. 
She has served as Chairperson and CEO of Amara International Investment Corporation since 1992. She previously served in a variety of roles including President and Managing Director of Melcorp Mercantile Inc., Vice President of the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada and President and CEO of the Saskatchewan Institute of Applied Science and Technology. From 1968 to 1988, Eva Kwok taught at the University of Saskatchewan in progressively senior positions, becoming Dean of the College of Home Economics in 1986.
Her own investment firm, Amara International Investment Corp., was responsible for the development of Burnaby's Crystal Mall.
Ms. Kwok received her Master of Science (Nutrition) from King's College London, University of London, England in 1967. 
Personal.
Kwok is married to Stanley Kwok, former Concord Pacific Developments executive (Deputy Chairman) Stanley Kwok (now President of Amara International); he is an architect and urban planner.
Board member.
Eva Kwok serves on the Board of Directors of these companies:
Previous board affiliations include:

</doc>
<doc id="2841574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841574" title="Gwyneth Herbert">
Gwyneth Herbert

Gwyneth Herbert (born 26 August 1981) is a British singer-songwriter and pianist, initially known for her interpretation of jazz and swing standards, and now established as a writer of original compositions. She lives in Hackney, London.
Herbert performs with a band comprising: Al Cherry (guitars); Sam Burgess (bass); David Price (percussion); Steve Holness (piano).
Early life.
Born into a musical family in Wimbledon, London, Herbert was brought up in Surrey and Hampshire in the south of England. She began playing the piano at the age of three, achieving Grade 5 by nine, and was writing basic songs at the age of five. She also learned the French horn, achieving Grade 8 by the age of 15.
Throughout her teenage years she played music with local orchestras and bands such as the Surrey County Youth Orchestra and also briefly formed a short-lived punk band called Wasted Minds. At 14 she recorded a demo tape of her own songs at Trinity Studios, Woking; however, despite music industry interest, she chose to continue with her studies.
Herbert went to Glebelands School in Cranleigh, Surrey and, for her sixth form studies, to Alton College in Hampshire, where her musical tastes moved more towards jazz music. While she was studying at St Chad's College, University of Durham, she met up with fellow student Will Rutter
and together they began to write and perform in the cafés and bars of North East England as a jazz duo called Black Coffee.
Professional career.
After leaving university, Herbert and Rutter moved to London, where they soon met a former member of Boney M, who was shortly to judge a Polish television music competition. She and Rutter were invited to enter, and Black Coffee won the competition.
"First Songs".
After returning to London, Black Coffee continued to perform in local bars, before being introduced to Ian Shaw, a noted jazz vocalist. This led eventually to the production of a debut CD, "First Songs", credited to "Gwyn and Will", of both original songs and standards, which was launched at London's Pizza Express Jazz Club in September 2003. The Herbert/Rutter song "Sweet Insomnia" featured guest vocals from Jamie Cullum. The album received a significant amount of radio airplay on Jazz FM and BBC Radio 2, and was promoted by Michael Parkinson.
"Bittersweet and Blue".
Soon after, Herbert was signed to the Universal Classics and Jazz label and released, in September 2004, her first major label album, "Bittersweet and Blue". This comprised mainly standards, with several Herbert/Rutter original tracks. Herbert's version of Neil Young's "Only Love Can Break Your Heart", taken from this album, was featured on the soundtrack of romantic comedy "Leap Year", directed by Anand Tucker and starring Amy Adams and Matthew Goode.
"Between Me and the Wardrobe".
Herbert left Universal Classics and Jazz to pursue a less commercial and more personal musical direction and then self-financed a project in which she collaborated with Polar Bear's Seb Rochford in a production role. "Between Me and the Wardrobe", an album of self-penned songs, was recorded in three days and was never intended for general release. The album was initially made available, in 2006, on Herbert's own Monkeywood label before being picked up by Blue Note Records, making Herbert their first UK signing in 30 years. Stuart Nicholson of "The Observer" said that on this album she "lets the lyrics do the work for her. They are well thought out, moving between artfully constructed soft-focus simplicities to poignant yearning".
"Ten Lives" and "All the Ghosts".
In early 2008, Herbert was commissioned by a collaborative project between Peter Gabriel and Bowers & Wilkins to record an acoustic album at Gabriel's Real World Studios. The result of these sessions – "Ten Lives" – was released as a digital download in July 2008, available only from the Bowers & Wilkins website as part of their Music Club.
Remixed versions of these songs were to form the basis of Herbert's album "All the Ghosts", which was released by Naim Edge in July 2009 in Europe to critical acclaim; the album was released in the United States in June 2010. This album also featured two further recordings – including a cover version of David Bowie's "Rock 'n' Roll Suicide" – by Robert Harder, who had previously collaborated with Herbert as recording engineer of "Between Me and the Wardrobe". It was remastered for vinyl by Steve Rooke at Abbey Road Studios, London and reissued in LP format in 2010.
"Clangers & Mash".
In October 2009, Herbert returned to Harder Sound Studio to record the song "Perfect Fit" which she gave away as a free download, available exclusively from Naim Edge. It was also released as a single on 7 March 2011. The track was also one of nine tracks on her EP "Clangers & Mash", released on 1 November 2010, which included remixes, by Seb Rochford of Polar Bear, of some of her previously published songs.
"The Sea Cabinet".
In January 2010, Herbert was commissioned by Snape Maltings as artist in residence to write, record and perform a new body of work based on stories of the sea. This was performed in October 2010 at Snape Maltings. An album of this music, "The Sea Cabinet", was released in May 2013 and launched in a series of concerts from 23 to 26 May at Wilton's Music Hall in London's East End. In a review of the album launch, "The Guardian"'s John Fordham said that "Herbert's imaginative narrative, and her casually commanding voice – whether softly nuanced as confiding speech or at full soaring-contralto stretch – were the central characters in an entertaining and often moving show that opens a new chapter in her creative story". Michal Boncza, in a review for the "Morning Star" of musical performances in 2013, described it as a "stand-out", admiring "a voice that can effortlessly render any emotion with commanding ease. Every song is an impressively crafted and engrossing vignette of life's more difficult moments and they grab the attention time and again".
The "Financial Times"' four-star review called it "a concept album about the debt British history owes to the sea". In a four-star review "The Independent" described it as a "cabinet of curiosities" with "a cabaret approach to storytelling, in rollicking sea shanties and waltzes", and "inventive" instrumentation "featuring wheezing accordions, warbling woodwind, tinkling music boxes and rolling bells".
Commenting on her live performance in July 2013 at the Love Supreme Jazz Festival in Glynde Place, East Sussex, Nick Hasted of "The Independent" said: "Gwyneth Herbert sings the shanties on her The Sea Cabinet album with happy, cabaret sensuality, detailing a relationship’s shipwrecked, sunken past in 'I Still Hear The Bells'".
Musicals.
In 2010, Herbert won the Stiles and Drewe Song of the Year Award with her composition "Lovely London Town" from a musical she has written with playwright Diane Samuels. The musical, "The A-Z of Mrs P", tells the story of Phyllis Pearsall's creation of the London A to Z street atlas. The play was performed in workshop with actress Sophie Thompson in May 2011 and opened at Southwark Playhouse on 21 February 2014 starring "Peep Show" actress Isy Suttie.
In April 2012, her one-act musical "Before the Law", co-written with Christine Dennison, was awarded second place in the inaugural Sidney Brown Memorial Award for Most Promising New Work which is run by Mercury Musical Developments (MMD), the organisation which supports new musical theatre writing. "Before the Law" was adapted from "A Hand Witch of the Second Stage" by Peter Barnes. It is the companion piece to "After Lydia", a one-act musical based on Terence Rattigan’s play of the same name, which was commissioned by Sounds of England and had a staged reading at the Watermill Theatre, Newbury, Berkshire in August 2012. A collaboration with Christine Denniston, and directed by Maria Freidman, it had a subsequent reading at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London.
Other work.
Performances.
In March 2010 Herbert performed a newly commissioned score for Marion Davies’ 1928 silent comedy classic "The Patsy", at BFI Southbank's Birds Eye View Film Festival.
In July 2012 she performed, with BBC Radio 3 DJ Max Reinhardt and Paris-based singer China Moses, in a revue by Alex Webb which told the story of Café Society, New York’s first non-segregated nightclub. The show had a London Jazz Festival premiere at the Southbank Centre and a successful run at Kilburn's Tricycle Theatre.
In 2012, Herbert joined forces with members of the Buck Clayton Legacy Band to explore, in a series of concerts and talks, the jazz repertoire of Peggy Lee.
Recordings.
On Janette Mason's 2014 album "D’Ranged" she took lead vocals on two tracks – the Alison Moyet song "This House" and Paul Weller's "You Do Something To Me". "London Jazz News" described the treatment of Paul Weller’s song, with Herbert accompanied only by Mason’s piano, as "a haunting and affecting performance".

</doc>
<doc id="2841587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841587" title="Eugen Bolz">
Eugen Bolz

Eugen Anton Bolz (15 December 1881 – 23 January 1945) was a German politician and a member of the resistance to the Nazi régime.
Life.
Born in Rottenburg am Neckar, Eugen Bolz was his parents' twelfth child. His father, Joseph Bolz, was a salesman. His mother was Maria Theresia Bolz (née Huber). Bolz studied law in Tübingen and there became a member of A.V. Guestfalia Tübingen, a catholic student fraternity or Studentenverbindung, which belonged to the "Cartellverband der katholischen deutschen Studentenverbindungen". Not long after finishing his studies in Bonn and Berlin, he latched onto politics as a career and joined the Centre Party, which he represented in the Reichstag from 1912 to 1933, and from 1915 to 1933, also in the Württemberg "Landtag". In Württemberg, he became Justice Minister in 1919 and Interior Minister in 1923.
Bolz married Maria Hoeneß from Ulm in 1920. The couple would have one daughter.
At the time when the National Socialists seized power in 1933, Bolz was Württemberg's "Staatspräsident" – the first Catholic to hold the position in predominantly Protestant Württemberg – and also Interior Minister. Since he was an adherent of Catholic social teaching, which made no secret of its loathing for the Nazis, it was no surprise that Bolz was one of the new régime's greatest opponents. Owing to this, he was forced from office early in 1933 and wound up spending several weeks in a concentration camp. Led by the party whip, Bolz's party approved the new "Ermächtigungsgesetz" ("Enabling Act") on 23 March 1933, even though it weighed heavily on their conscience.
After being released from the concentration camp, Bolz moved back to Beuron, near Ulm. There, he forswore politics for a while, busying himself mainly with economic issues, papal social encyclicals, and Catholic Action. During this time of involuntary retirement, he sometimes did work as a tax advisor, and he always knew that the Gestapo were watching him.
In late 1941 and early 1942, he came into contact with the resistance circle about Carl Friedrich Goerdeler. Bolz readily declared that he would like to take over a ministerial post in the new government after Hitler was overthrown. Goerdeler put him down as Culture Minister in the cabinet that he foresaw having to put together. Among other things, this would have meant that Bolz would be taking Goebbels's place.
However, on 20 July 1944, Goerdeler's plan fell apart when Claus von Stauffenberg's attempt to kill Hitler at the Wolf's Lair in East Prussia failed. Bolz was arrested on 12 August 1944, and on 21 December, he was sentenced to death at the German "People's Court" ("Volksgerichtshof"). He was beheaded at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin on January 23, 1945.
There is a memorial to Eugen Bolz in the form of a bronze plaque at the house where he was born, at Königstraße 53 in Rottenburg am Neckar. It bears, among other things, the Latin inscription "TIMOR DOMINI INITIUM SAPIENTIAE" — "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom". The grammar school that he went to is now called the "Eugen-Bolz-Gymnasium". A Catholic private school in Bad Waldsee and a "Realschule" in Ellwangen – both in Baden-Württemberg – are also named for him. One of the sitting rooms at the Baden-Württemberg "Landtag" is named after him. In downtown Stuttgart, at the "Königsbau", stands a monument to Eugen Bolz.
In 2004, a new bell at the church where Bolz was baptized, St. Moriz in Rottenburg am Neckar, was named after him. Many other buildings, streets and squares in Germany are likewise connected with the name Eugen Bolz.
Eugen Bolz Study Endowment.
Since 1994, there has been an "Eugen Bolz Study Endowment" ("Studienstiftung Eugen Bolz"). This endowment is for study and education, and is closely associated with the "Cartellverband der katholischen deutschen Studentenverbindungen" (CV). It affords students an education in democracy and civics.

</doc>
<doc id="2841591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841591" title="William Wyggeston">
William Wyggeston

William Wyggeston (sometimes spelt William Wigston; ca. 1467 to 1536) was an English wool merchant based in Leicester. He was part of the Wyggeston family, which included at least one other William Wyggeston.
Although the family had been influential before, he became extremely wealthy (in 1522 records indicate he paid 22% of the tax levied on Leicester), and became Mayor of the Corporation of Leicester twice, and represented Leicester in the Seventh Parliament of Henry VII.
Legacy.
Wyggeston was also known as a benefactor, and set up an early 'hospital' (almshouse) in Leicester in 1513, now called Wyggeston's Hospital, and funded by the income of the Swannington estate, which he bought in 1520. [http://website.lineone.net/~terry.loftus/introduc.html The hospital still exists as a retirement home for old people, based on Hinckley Road in the West End of Leicester.
After Wyggeston's death, his brother Thomas Wyggeston, as a trustee, used part of the money to establish a grammar school in Leicester. Whilst this eventually became defunct, it gave its name to the later Wyggeston Grammar School for Boys, now known as Wyggeston and Queen Elizabeth I College. Wyggeston Grammar School for Girls, also known as Wyggeston Girls' Grammar School, was founded not long after the boys' school. In 1981 it merged with another girls' grammar school in Leicester, Collegiate Girls' School, and stopped taking in girls at eleven. It instead became a Sixth Form college known as Wyggeston Collegiate Sixth Form College. Later still it became known as Regent College.
Wyggeston is one of the figures honoured by Leicester's Clock Tower (which spells his name 'Wigston').
Freemasons' meeting in Leicester named a Lodge after William Wyggeston which was consecrated on 1 July 1910. The Wyggeston Lodge, No.3448 also takes William Wyggeston's motto, "Date eleemosynam et ecce omnia munda sunt vobis"/"Give freely of yourself and behold all Worlds are yours".

</doc>
<doc id="2841596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841596" title="Washdown">
Washdown

Washdown (also wash down) is the process of high-pressure cleaning with water and/or chemicals in industries such as food and beverage and pharmaceuticals. A washdown is usually a manual operation and is designed to kill bacteria and other micro-organisms. Automatic cleaning of industrial equipment is often carried out by clean-in-place (CIP) and/or steam-in-place (SIP) operations. CIP systems often make use of programmable controllers and SCADA software.
Washdown is the process of using a stream of water to clean a flat or nearly flat outside surface. Typically the area cleaned is a large expanse of concrete or asphalt. The area is cleaned of dirt and debris by the use of the force and dissolving power of stream of water as projected from a hose. Generally, one person holds and aims the hose though if the hose is longer than 300 feet then another person may be required to help move the hose itself. 
Typically, water is squirted from the hose at a pressure of 300 psi. The hose itself can vary in length from 75 to 425 feet. Though typically the hose when used by a single person is 300 feet long. The hose itself carries water from a water main which attaches to the hose through what is called a “stinger“. The stinger screws into the water main pipe and is held there.
Also, the stinger as it is pushed down into the water supply pipe opens a seal which releases the water into the hose. At the other end of the hose a nozzle regulates the flow of water and allows for large fanned out spray .as well as a more concentrated stream termed a needlepoint.

</doc>
<doc id="2841597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841597" title="Martin Donovan">
Martin Donovan

Martin Donovan (born August 19, 1957) is an American film, stage and television actor. He has had a long collaboration with director Hal Hartley, appearing in many of Hartley's films, such as "Trust" (1990), "Surviving Desire" (1991), "Simple Men" (1992), "Flirt" (1993), "Amateur" (1994), and "The Book of Life" (1998; in which he played Jesus). Donovan also played Peter Scottson, a DEA agent, on Showtime's cable series "Weeds". He made his writing/directorial debut in 2011 with the film "Collaborator".
Early life.
Donovan was born Martin Smith in Reseda, California to an Irish American middle-class family. He and his three siblings were
raised Catholic.
He graduated from Crespi Carmelite High School and attended Pierce College for two years. He attended American Theater Arts, a combined conservatory and theater company in Los Angeles, where he appeared in the plays "Richard's Cork Leg" by Brendan Behan and "Private Life of the Master Race" by Bertold Brecht. In 1983, he and his wife, Vivian, moved to New York City, where he took odd jobs like installing drapery to support his family. He joined the Cucaracha Theater on Greenwich Street.
Career.
Donovan has appeared in fourteen episodes of the Showtime television series "Weeds", which stars Mary-Louise Parker, for which he was nominated for a SAG Award for Outstanding Performance by An Ensemble in a Comedy Series. He has also acted with Parker in "Saved!", "Pipe Dream" and "The Portrait of A Lady". In "The Portrait of A Lady", he won the National Society of Film Critics' Award for best supporting actor.
In 2009, he starred opposite Virginia Madsen in "The Haunting in Connecticut". Recently he was seen in "The Sentinel" with Kiefer Sutherland and Michael Douglas as well as "The Quiet" with Edie Falco. In 2007 he appeared in the suspense horror film "Wind Chill". Other recent film appearances include "The United States of Leland", "The Opposite of Sex", "Living Out Loud", "In a Savage Land", "Onegin", "Heaven", "Hollow Reed", and "Nadja".
Donovan had a long association with celebrated director Hal Hartley, starring in several of his films including Amateur which was selected for both the Cannes and New York Film Festivals. Other Hartley collaborations are "Simple Men", which was also an official Cannes selection; "Trust", "Surviving Desire", "Flirt" and "The Book of Life", which was shown at the New York Film Festival. Donovan starred in "Shadows and Lies".
Donovan made his television series début in Peter Berg's " Wonderland". His recent TV credits include "Masters of Horror" (episode "Right to Die"); the FX telefilm "RFK" and the Fox series "Pasadena". Other television credits are "Amy and Isabelle", "The Great Gatsby", and HBO's "When Trumpets Fade". In 2011 he took a major role in the Starz original drama series "Boss". In 2014 he starring in the Lifetime post-apocalyptic series "The Lottery".
Writing/Directing.
In 2010, Donovan wrote, directed and starred in "Collaborator", portraying a once-successful playwright who is taken hostage while visiting his mother and childhood home.
Personal life.
Donovan married actress Vivian Lanko in 1984. They have two sons. They lived in New York City for many years, but have relocated to Vancouver, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2841601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841601" title="Patrick Tobin Asselin">
Patrick Tobin Asselin

Joseph Patrick Tobin Asselin (March 29, 1930 – August 31, 2005), known as Patrick Tobin Asselin, was a Canadian politician. A Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) in the Canadian House of Commons for two terms in the 1960s, he returned to Parliament a quarter-century later to work as a security guard. 
He was born on a farm in Bromptonville, Quebec in the Eastern Townships and was educated in Montreal at both English and French high schools. Asselin was descended from politicians on both sides of his family. He was the grandson of Edmund William Tobin, who had spent thirty years in the House of Commons, representing the same Quebec riding Asselin later represented. Tobin was appointed to the Canadian Senate in 1930. 
His father, Joseph-Omer Asselin, was chairman of Montreal City Council's powerful executive committee. His mother, Beatrice Tobin, was a Liberal organizer in the era of William Lyon Mackenzie King, and served as president of the Women's Liberal Association of Canada in the 1960s. Her two sons both served as Liberal MPs. She had been awarded an Order of the British Empire during World War II for her work in establishing an organization to help Canadian Prisoners of War. 
After graduating from high school, Asselin attended St. Mary's College in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and then returned to his home town to run the family's dairy farm. He was also a Captain in the Canadian Army for ten years.
During the 1963 federal election, he was serving as president of the Liberal riding association in Richmond—Wolfe, the rural Quebec constituency in which he lived, when the nominated Liberal candidate unexpectedly dropped out of the race 30 days before election day. Asselin stepped in as the new candidate, and defeated incumbent Social Credit MP André Bernier by 350 votes. Asselin's brother, Edmund Tobin Asselin, was re-elected in the Montreal riding of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce in the same election. 
The election brought to power a Liberal minority government under the leadership of Lester Pearson. Pearson appointed Asselin chairman of the House Standing Committee on Agriculture. Under his stewardship, the committee inaugurated Canada's marketing board system. 
Asselin's margin of victory increased to 2,000 votes at the 1965 election. When Pearson announced his retirement, Asselin supported Pierre Trudeau's campaign to become Liberal leader at the 1968 Liberal leadership convention. However, despite Trudeaumania, Asselin lost his seat at the 1968 election after the right-wing "Ralliement Créditiste" attacked the Liberal government in the rural, socially conservative riding over the government's social liberalism, particularly Trudeau's decriminalization of homosexuality. Both Asselin and Trudeau were accused of being Communists by supporters of Asselin's rival, Léonel Beaudoin. 
"I got out of politics because of illness -- the voters got sick of me," said Asselin. His defeat came six months short of the minimum period of service required at the time to qualify for a parliamentary pension. Following his defeat, Asselin worked as an aide to Agriculture minister Bud Olson. 
He returned to politics to serve as mayor of Aylmer, Quebec from 1979 to 1983. He subsequently returned to Ottawa to work as a security supervisor on Parliament Hill. 
Warren Allmand, a former Liberal Canadian cabinet minister, later said of Asselin: "He wasn't egotistical. Even though he had been an MP, he wasn't at all embarrassed to get a job as a security guard in order to earn a living and support his family... Security work was all he could get, so he did it."
Asselin died in Ottawa in 2005 of a neurological disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2841602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841602" title="Colegio San José (San Juan, Puerto Rico)">
Colegio San José (San Juan, Puerto Rico)

Colegio San José is a catholic school for boys in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico that offers education from grades 7 to 12. Its mission is to develop capable, responsible and sensitive Christian leaders, committed to the service of God and neighbor. The school is located on 6½ acres of land situated on a hill in Río Piedras with a view of the University of Puerto Rico, San Juan Metropolitan Area, and the Atlantic Ocean. True to Blessed William Joseph Chaminade's vision, and the Marianist heritage, Colegio San José educates within the framework of the five characteristics of Marianist Education: educate for formation in faith; Provide an integral, quality education; Educate in family spirit; Educate for service, justice and peace; educate for adaptation and change.
Around 50–70% of graduates study in a university outside of the island, mainly in the continental United States. San José has 21 organized clubs, a varsity program in eleven sports (volleyball, basketball, baseball, tennis, golf, soccer, indoor soccer, cross-country, track and field, swimming, bowling), a junior varsity program with six sports (basketball, tennis, Cross Country, soccer, Swimming, Track and Field and volleyball) and a juvenile program with three sports (basketball, cross country and volleyball). San José has a student newsletter called "La Lanza", award-winning student publication and a Student Council. Qualified students are selected as National Honor Society and National Junior Honor Society members. Recent victories achieved by the school during the school year 2008–2009 include winning 7 out of 8 categories during the Intercollegiate League of History and Geography's annual competition.
Colegio San José has had more than 100 National Merit Scholars and several nominations for Presidential Award, during the past five years.
The school was founded by the Society of Mary (Marianists) in 1938. The school has received numerous education awards, including the Blue Ribbon School of Excellence Award from 1994 to 1996. It pursues academic excellence within a framework that will help its students develop all of their talents: social, moral, emotional, religious, physical and intellectual. Colegio San José has a distinguished record for its prominent alumni, such as the ex-governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Anibal Acevedo Vilá (2004–2008).
Mission (Translated to English).
Colegio San José is a Marianist Catholic school of academic excellence for young men 7 to 12, preparatory for the university, that develops capable, responsible, and sensitive Christian leaders, duty-bound to the service of God and fellow man.

</doc>
<doc id="2841613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841613" title="African helmeted turtle">
African helmeted turtle

The African helmeted turtle (Pelomedusa subrufa) also known as the marsh terrapin or crocodile turtle, is an omnivorous side-necked terrapin that naturally occurs in fresh and stagnant water bodies throughout much of Africa, and even in southern Yemen.
Description.
The Marsh Terrapin is typically a rather small turtle, with most individuals being less than 20 cm in carapace length, but one has been recorded with a carapace length of 32.5 cm. It has a black or brown carapace (shell). The tops of the tail and limbs are a grayish brown, while the underside is yellowish.
The male turtle is distinguished by its long, thick tail. A female tends to have a shorter tail and a broader carapace. A hatchling has a shell size of about 1.2 inches in length, and is olive to black in color. It also has two small tubercles under the chin and musk glands in the sides of the carapace.
Uniquely, this species does not have a hinged plastron (lower shell). All the other species in the family Pelomedusidae, however, have this feature which they can, using muscles, close to cover their heads and front limbs. Unlike many chelonians, African helmeted turtles are able, when they find themselves upside down, to right themselves with a vigorous flick from their long muscular necks.
Distribution.
The range of "P. subrufa" covers a large portion of Africa, from the Cape Peninsula to the Sudan. It can be found as far west as Ghana and as far south as Cape Town. It has also been found in Madagascar and Yemen.
Life history.
Habitat.
They are semiaquatic animals, living in rivers, lakes, and marshes, and they also occupy rain pools and places that are fertilized.
Their preference seems to be for standing water, such as swamps, pans, dams and lakes. However they are found to a lesser extent along rivers. They are generally absent from regions that are mountainous, forested or desert.
Diet.
The African helmeted turtle is omnivorous and will eat almost anything. Some of the main items in its diet are insects, small crustaceans, fish, tadpoles, earthworms, snails and vegetation. It may also feed on carrion. The fine claws on its feet help it tear its prey apart.
Groups of these turtles have been observed capturing and drowning larger prey such as doves when they come to drink; the commotion caused by these group attacks are often mistaken for crocodiles. All food is taken underwater to be eaten.
Seasonal movements.
During wet weather these terrapins will often leave their water bodies and embark on long overland journeys. During exceptionally dry weather when their water bodies dry up, they will typically dig themselves into the ground and bury themselves until rains return; they have been known to spend months or even years in such a state. They will also hibernate during very cold weather, and aestivate during unusually hot, dry weather.
Reproduction.
Courtship is held year round. The male will follow the female, nodding his head in front of hers. If she is not responsive, she will nip and snap and walk away. If she is willing, she responses by nodding her head or just standing still, so he can sit onto her. While mating both of the turtles shake their head.
The female will lay two to 10 eggs on average, normally during late spring and early summer. The eggs are placed in a flask-shaped nest about 4 to 7 in deep. The eggs hatch in 75– 90 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2841618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841618" title="Yealand Conyers">
Yealand Conyers

Yealand Conyers is a village and civil parish in the English county of Lancashire. It is in the City of Lancaster district.
Community.
The community is in the same electoral district as Yealand Redmayne and Silverdale. The Yealands and Silverdale were originally in the same manor of Yealand in the Doomsday Book.
Yealand Conyers has three religious institutions, the Church of England St John's and Catholic and St Mary's but is particularly of note for its early support of Quakerism. Richard Hubberthorne, one of the early Quaker preachers was from the Yealands. George Fox preached a sermon in the village in 1652 and the village's Meeting House dates from 1692. The Quaker's Old School is today used as a simple hostel and can host people visiting '1652 country'.
The village has both a manor house and a stately home Leighton Hall. The bulk of the Leighton Moss RSPB reserve is in Yealand Conyers but main visitor access is from Silverdale.
Geography.
Like its neighbour, Yealand Redmayne, it is north of Lancaster, and close to the border of Cumbria.
To the north is Yealand Redmayne and beyond that is Beetham and Milnthorpe, to its north east is Holme and Arnside, with the River Kent to the north west while Warton is to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="2841619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841619" title="E. D. Morel">
E. D. Morel

Edmund Dene Morel, originally Georges Eduard Pierre Achille Morel de Ville (10 July 1873 – 12 November 1924), was a British journalist, author and pacifist and radical politician. In collaboration with Roger Casement, the Congo Reform Association and others, Morel, in newspapers such as his "West African Mail", led a campaign against slavery in the Congo Free State. He played a significant role in the British pacifist movement during the First World War, participating in the foundation and becoming secretary of the Union of Democratic Control, at which point he broke with the Liberal Party. After the war he joined the Independent Labour Party. Bertrand Russell said of Morel, "No other man known to me has had the same heroic simplicity in pursuing and proclaiming political truth."
Background.
Morel was born in the Avenue d'Eylau, Paris. His father, Edmond Morel de Ville, was a French civil servant; his mother, Emmeline de Horne, was from an English Quaker family. Edmond died when the boy was four and Emmeline subsequently fell out with her late husband's family. As a consequence, Emmeline changed her name to Deville and raised her son on her own. To remove her son from the family's influence, she worked as a teacher so that she could send him to boarding school at both Madras House school in Eastbourne and later at Bedford Modern School.
When Emmeline Deville fell ill in 1888, the money for school fees was no longer available and Edmund was forced to return to Paris to work as a bank clerk. He was able to move his mother back to Britain in 1891. Five years later he successfully applied for naturalisation as a British subject and anglicised his name. He married Mary Richardson that same year; they had five children. His daughter Stella married the Polish political advisor Joseph Retinger in 1926; they had two daughters.
Congo activism.
Discoveries at Elder Dempster.
In 1891, Morel obtained a clerkship with Elder Dempster, a Liverpool shipping firm. To increase his income and support his family, from 1893 Morel began writing articles against French protectionism, which was damaging Elder Dempster's business. He came to be critical of the Foreign Office for not supporting the rights of Africans under colonial rule. His vision of Africa was influenced by the books of Mary Kingsley, an English traveller and writer, which showed sympathy for African peoples and a respect for different cultures that was very rare amongst Europeans at the time.
Elder Dempster had a shipping contract with the Congo Free State for the connection between Antwerp and Boma. Groups such as the Aborigines' Protection Society had already begun a campaign against alleged atrocities in Congo. Due to his knowledge of French, Morel was often sent to Belgium, where he was able to view the internal accounts of the Congo Free State held by Elder Dempster. The knowledge that the ships leaving Belgium for the Congo carried only guns, chains, ordnance and explosives, but no commercial goods, while ships arriving from the colony came back full of valuable products such as raw rubber and ivory, led him to the opinion that Belgian King Leopold II's policy was exploitative. According to the Belgian Prof. Daniël Vangroenweghe, Leopold gained 1,250 million present day euros from the exploitation of the Congolese people, mainly from rubber. Other Belgian sources calculated that the profits from the Congolese exploitation prior to 1905 were some 500 million present-day euros.
The gains from the exploitation of rubber through the state and other companies like the Anglo-Belgian India Rubber Company (ABIR) were huge. The original value in 1892 of the ABIR shares was 500 francs. In 1903 the shares had risen to 15,000 gold francs. The dividend in 1892 was 1 franc, but by 1903 the dividend was 1,200 francs. These enormous gains came from horrible exploitation, and what Edmund Morel described as slavery. The scope of the destruction, together with disease and famine from forced labour, is estimated to have killed half of the native population of the colony.
Journalism and Congo Reform Association.
In 1900, Morel put new life into the campaign against Congo misrule (begun a decade before by the American George Washington Williams) with a series of articles in the weekly magazine "Speaker". He realised that King Léopold II of Belgium, the absolute controller of the Congo Free State, had created a forced labour system of huge dimensions, emulating slave labour. Despite having risen to be Elder Dempster's head of trade with the Congo, Morel resigned in 1902 to further his campaign. He became a full-time journalist, first finding a job in the editing of a recently founded periodical, "West Africa". In 1903, he founded his own magazine, the "West African Mail", with the collaboration of John Holt. John Holt was a businessman and friend of Mary Kingsley, who feared the system of the Congo Free State would be applied upon the rest of the West African colonies. The "Mail" was an "illustrated weekly journal founded to meet the rapidly growing interest in west and central African questions". During this period Morel published several pamphlets and his first book, "Affairs of West Africa".
In 1903 the British House of Commons passed a resolution on the Congo. Subsequently the British consul in the Congo, Roger Casement, was sent up country for an investigation. His 1904 report, which confirmed Morel's accusations, had a considerable impact on public opinion. Morel met Casement just before the publication of the report and realised that in Casement he had found the ally he had sought for. Casement convinced Morel to establish an organisation for dealing specifically with the Congo question, the Congo Reform Association. Affiliates of the Congo Reform Association were established as far away as the United States.
The Congo Reform Association had the support of famous writers such as Joseph Conrad (whose "Heart of Darkness" was inspired by a voyage to the Congo Free State), Anatole France, Arthur Conan Doyle and Mark Twain. Conan Doyle wrote "The Crime of the Congo" in 1908, while Twain gave the most famous contribution with the satirical short story "King Leopold's Soliloquy". Morel's best allies, however, may have been the Christian missionaries who furnished him with eyewitness accounts and photographs of the atrocities, such as those given by the Americans William Morrison and William Henry Sheppard, and the British John Hobbis Harris and Alice Harris. The chocolate millionaire William Cadbury, a Quaker, was one of his main financial backers. The American civil-rights activist Booker T. Washington participated in the campaign. The French journalist Pierre Mille wrote a book with Morel, while the Belgian socialist leader Emile Vandervelde sent him copies of Belgian parliamentary debates. Morel also had secret connections with some agents within the Congo Free State itself. Even the Church of England and American religious groups backed him.
In 1905 the movement won a victory when a Commission of Enquiry, instituted (under external pressure) by King Léopold II himself, substantially confirmed the accusations made about the colonial administration. In 1908 the Congo was annexed to the Belgian government and put under its sovereignty. Despite this, Morel refused to declare an end to the campaign until 1913 because he wanted to see actual changes in the situation of the country. The Congo Reform Association ended operations in 1913.
World War I activism.
Foreign policy.
During the Agadir Crisis of 1911, Morel was entirely in sympathy with Germany and opposed to what he regarded as bellicosity by the United Kingdom and France, as well as secret diplomacy between the states involved. He wrote "Morocco in Diplomacy" (1912) to express his views on the issue. At this time he was also selected by the Liberal Party as a prospective House of Commons candidate for Birkenhead.
Pacifism and formation of Union of Democratic Control.
As the tension grew in the run-up to World War I, Morel was again sympathetic to Germany, disinclined to stand by Belgium under German pressure, and opposed to the United Kingdom and France getting involved in war. He campaigned for neutrality but on the outbreak of war accepted that the fight was lost, and with Charles Trevelyan, Norman Angell and Ramsay MacDonald, formed the Union of Democratic Control to press for a more responsive foreign policy (he also resigned his candidature at this time). He was Secretary of the UDC until his death. The main demands of the UDC were: (1) that in future to prevent secret diplomacy there should be parliamentary control over foreign policy; (2) there should be negotiations after the war with other democratic European countries in an attempt to form an organisation to help prevent future conflicts; (3) that at the end of the war the terms of peace should neither humiliate the defeated nation nor artificially rearrange frontiers, as this might provide a cause for future wars.
The Union of Democratic Control became the most important of all the anti-war organisations in Britain, with membership reaching 650,000 by 1917. His political courage was praised by people such as Bertrand Russell and the writer Romain Rolland, but his leading role in the pacifist movement exposed him to violent attacks led by the pro-war press. He was pictured as an agent of Germany in the "Daily Express", a newspaper that also listed details of future UDC meetings and encouraged its readers to attend and break them up. The accusation gained some credibility when Roger Casement, who was known as a friend and supporter of Morel, was hanged for treason (he had contacted the Germans seeking support for Irish nationalism). Morel was even the victim of occasional physical assaults.""'
Imprisonment.
On 22 August 1917 Morel's house was searched and evidence was discovered that he had sent a UDC pamphlet to Romain Rolland in Switzerland, a neutral country; this was a breach of the Defence of the Realm Act. Morel was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, which he served in Pentonville Prison. Although, along with other pacifists, he was placed in the 'second division', allowing some privileges over the majority of prisoners, conditions were very hard, and Morel's health was seriously damaged. Bertrand Russell described his condition at his release:
Independent Labour Party membership.
In April 1918, he joined the Independent Labour Party, and began to feed his views into the Labour Party to which it was affiliated and which adopted his critical view of the Treaty of Versailles. Morel explained his decision to join the Independent Labour Party to a friend:
Treaty of Versailles and racialist agitation.
Morel was severely critical of the Treaty of Versailles, warning that it would lead to another war. He did not give up his career as a journalist, becoming director of the magazine "Foreign Affairs". "Foreign Affairs" became a significant voice of the English left about foreign politics at the time. Morel was particularly critical of the use of African troops amongst the French forces during the occupation of the Rhineland.
Parliament.
In the 1922 general election, which followed the retirement of an incumbent Labour Member of Parliament, Alexander Wilkie, Morel fought the two-member Dundee constituency as a sole Labour candidate. Although he gained fewer votes than Edwin Scrymgeour of the Scottish Prohibition Party, he won the second seat, in the process defeating one of the outgoing Members – Winston Churchill, standing as a National Liberal. Morel regarded Churchill as a warmonger and took pride in having defeated him: "I look upon Churchill as such a personal force for evil that I would take up the fight against him with a whole heart."
With his foreign affairs specialty, he was expected to be appointed as Foreign Secretary in the government of Ramsay MacDonald in 1924, but MacDonald decided to serve as his own Foreign Secretary. MacDonald led an attempt to buy Morel off by gathering together a large number of senior Labour politicians to nominate him for the Nobel Prize for Peace, but that did not prevent Morel from remaining a forceful critic of MacDonald's foreign policy. In August 1924 he is believed to have persuaded MacDonald to recognize the communist government in the Soviet Union and nominations on the Anglo-Soviet trade treaty.
Shortly after his re-election in the 1924 general election, Morel suffered a fatal heart attack at the farm near Bovey Tracey, Devon where he lived.
Miscellany.
Arthur Conan Doyle became acquainted with Morel through the work of the Congo Reform Association. In his novel "The Lost World" (1912), he used Morel as an inspiration for the character of Ed Malone. Morel is the great-grandfather of author Jasper Morel Fforde.
George Orwell, writing in 1946, recalled "this heroic but rather forgotten man."

</doc>
<doc id="2841620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841620" title="Gonzales v. Oregon">
Gonzales v. Oregon

Gonzales v. Oregon, , was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which ruled that the United States Attorney General could not enforce the federal Controlled Substances Act against physicians who prescribed drugs, in compliance with Oregon state law, for the assisted suicide of the terminally ill. It was the first major case heard under the leadership of Chief Justice John Roberts.
Background of the case.
In 1994, voters in the state of Oregon approved Measure 16, a ballot initiative that established the Oregon Death with Dignity Act, with 51.3% of voters supporting it and 48.7% opposing it. The Act legalized physician-assisted suicide. A 1997 referral by the Oregon Legislative Assembly aimed to repeal the Death with Dignity Act, but was defeated by a 60% margin, with 220,445 votes cast against it. The law permits physicians to prescribe a lethal dose of medication to a patient agreed by two doctors to be within six months of dying from an incurable condition. As of February 29th 2012, the Oregon Public Health Division reports that since "the law was passed in 1997, a total of 935 people have had DWDA prescriptions written and 596 patients have died from ingesting medications prescribed under the DWDA."
On November 9, 2001, Attorney General John Ashcroft issued an Interpretive Rule that physician-assisted suicide was not a legitimate medical purpose, and that any physician administering federally controlled drugs for that purpose would be in violation of the Controlled Substances Act. The State of Oregon, joined by a physician, a pharmacist, and a group of terminally ill patients, all from Oregon, filed a challenge to the Attorney General's rule in the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon. The court ruled for Oregon and issued a permanent injunction against the enforcement of the Interpretive Rule. The ruling was affirmed by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
The court's decision.
In a 6-3 decision written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, the Court affirmed the Ninth Circuit's judgment, but employed different reasoning. The majority opinion did not dispute the power of the federal government to regulate drugs, but disagreed that the statute in place empowered the U.S. Attorney General to overrule state laws determining what constituted the appropriate use of medications that were not themselves prohibited. The court found that it was inappropriate to apply "Chevron" deference toward the Attorney General's "interpretive rule" that controlled substances could not medically be used for the purpose of physician-assisted suicide.
Scalia's dissent.
Justice Scalia, in a dissent joined by Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Thomas, argued that under the Supreme Court precedent deference was due to the Attorney General's interpretation of the statute. He wrote that "f the term 'legitimate medical purpose' has any meaning, it surely excludes the prescription of drugs to produce death".
Thomas's dissent.
In addition to joining Justice Scalia's dissent, Justice Thomas also filed a brief dissent in which he argued that the court's majority opinion was inconsistent with the reasoning in "Gonzales v. Raich". Thomas also dissented in that decision, in which five of the six justices in the majority in "Oregon" found broad federal authority under the Controlled Substances Act for Congress to forbid the growth of medical marijuana. Thomas had argued for a more limited congressional power under the Commerce Clause in "Raich", which focused on intrastate vs. interstate commerce. In "Oregon", by contrast, the case was instead a matter of the validity of an executive interpretation of that statute. However, given that the majority in "Raich" was willing to ignore federalism concerns to effectively invalidate a California law permitting intrastate possession of medical marijuana, it was questionable as to why those same federalism concerns ought now be the basis for upholding an Oregon assisted suicide statute.

</doc>
<doc id="2841622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841622" title="Boar's Nest">
Boar's Nest

The Boar's Nest is the local restaurant and tavern in the television series, "The Dukes of Hazzard".
It is the oldest establishment in Hazzard County, and is owned by Boss Hogg. It is the main social gathering place for the Duke family—cousins Bo, Luke and Daisy, and their Uncle Jesse—and their friends and adversaries. Daisy is employed as a waitress at the business.
The establishment contains ample seating room for customers, a small kitchen and a bar. The main bar also contains a popcorn machine, a jukebox, a pinball machine, a pool table and pay telephone. There is also a small stage area, where plays, contests and performances by big-name country music stars perform, usually to settle trumped up traffic violations applied by Sheriff Rosco when they pass through his jurisdiction.
In the back of the restaurant is an office where Boss Hogg conducts many of his crooked business schemes. The basement has an escape tunnel, which was used in the days when the Hogg and Duke families were involved in moonshine running and were trying to elude the authorities.
Outside the business are two HoggoCo gas pumps and ample parking space. The parking lot often serves as the starting and finishing lines for various races that take place in Hazzard County.
In the 1997 "" movie, the original Boar's Nest had been burned down by a wedding party, and a new one was built in town.
Origin.
The "Boar's Nest" was an actual bar in the area where Jerry Rushing used to run moonshine. His stories were the basis for the film "Moonrunners" (the precursor to the "Dukes of Hazzard", and the first appearance of the "Boar's Nest" on camera).
The building used as the Boar's Nest at 290 Flat Rock Road, just north of Covington, Georgia, during the filming of the first five episodes of season one still exists. It is now being used as a church.

</doc>
<doc id="2841630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841630" title="Robin Milhausen">
Robin Milhausen

Robin Milhausen (born August 25, 1975) is a Canadian sexologist, professor and talk show host. She edits the newsletter "Sexual Science", published by the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality.
Early life.
Milhausen was born in Kitchener, Ontario and raised in Collingwood, Ontario, on Georgian Bay. She decided at a young age to become a sex educator. She cites fellow Canadian sexologist Sue Johanson as a role model.
Education.
She received a bachelor's degree in psychology and a master's degree in human development and human relations at the University of Guelph in Ontario and went on to earn a Ph.D. at Indiana University, with a minor from the Kinsey Institute of Human Sexuality . 
In 2003, she won the outstanding student research award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality.
Career.
In 2004, she began hosting the talk show "Sex, Toys & Chocolate" on Life Network and Discovery Health in Canada. Since the show began, she finished her Ph.D. and engaged in a post-doctoral fellowship in 2004-05 at Emory University in Atlanta and during this time commuted to Toronto several times a month to tape the talk show. In 2005-06, she engaged in another post-doctoral fellowship at the Social Justice and Sexual Health Research Centre at the University of Windsor. In 2006, she became an assistant professor of sexuality and family relations at the University of Guelph.
Milhausen is the resident sexologist for the Canadian talk show "Steven and Chris".
Personal life.
She was married in late 2004 to Steve Jett and gave birth to a son, Leo, in 2006. A daughter, Molly, followed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2841631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841631" title="Edmund Morel">
Edmund Morel

Edmund Morel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841635" title="New Humanism (disambiguation)">
New Humanism (disambiguation)

New Humanism is a movement in literary criticism also known as Neohumanism
New Humanism or Neohumanism may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841637" title="Royal Worcester">
Royal Worcester

Royal Worcester is believed to be the oldest or second oldest remaining English porcelain brand still in existence today (disputed by Royal Crown Derby 1750 year of establishment). 
Overview.
Royal Worcester is a British brand known for its history, provenance and classically English collections of porcelain. Now part of the Portmeirion Group, Royal Worcester remains in the luxury tableware and giftware market.
Early history.
Dr John Wall, a physician, and William Davis, an apothecary, developed a unique method for producing porcelain and, in 1751, persuaded a group of 13 businessmen to invest in a new factory at Warmstry House, Worcester, England, on the banks of the River Severn. Dr Wall secured the sum of £4500 from the partners to establish the factory, known then as ""The Worcester Tonquin Manufactory""; the original partnership deeds are still housed in the Museum of Worcester Porcelain.
The Flight and Barr partnerships.
In 1783, the factory was purchased by Thomas Flight—the former London sales agent for the concern—for £3,000. He let his two sons run the concern, with John Flight taking the lead role till his death in 1791. In 1788 George III, following a visit to the company, granted it a royal warrant, and it became known as the "Royal Porcelain Works". Knowledge of this period is largely a result of the excellent diary that John Flight kept from 1785–1791. This is discussed in detail in Appendix III of "Flight & Barr Worcester Porcelain" by Henry Sandon.
During this period, the factory was in poor repair. Production was limited to low-end patterns of mostly Blue and White porcelains after Chinese porcelain designs of the period. It was also pressured by competition from inexpensive Chinese export porcelains, and from Thomas Turner’s Caughley (pronounced "Calf-ley") Factory.
Martin Barr joined the firm as a partner in 1792; porcelains of this period are often identified by an incised capital "B" and, later, by more elaborate printed and impressed marks.
Thomas Flight died in 1800, leaving the factory in the hands of his son Joseph Flight and Martin Barr. Barr’s sons Martin Barr Jr. and George Barr were being prepared at that time to run the factory.
In addition to the warrant granted by George III, Royal Warrants were also issued by the Prince of Wales, in 1807,and the Princess of Wales, in 1808.
Worcester Porcelain Museum.
The factory's former site includes the independent Museum of Royal Worcester (formerly known as the "Dyson Perrins Museum'and 'Worcester Porcelain Museum') owned by the Dyson Perrins Museum Trust. The Museum houses the world’s largest collection of Worcester porcelain. The collections date back to 1751 and the Victorian gallery, the ceramic collections, archives and records of factory production, form the primary resource for the study of Worcester porcelain and its history.
Porcelain painters.
Artists and designers who worked for the factory included Thomas Baxter, William Billingsley, John Stinton, David Bates, James Hadley, Christopher Dresser.Charles Baldwin
Modern history.
After the 1976 merger with Spode, and due to heavy competition from overseas, the production was switched to factories in Stoke and abroad. 100 staff were made redundant in 2003 and another 100 went in 2005. Fifteen porcelain painters left the Severn Street factory on Friday 29 September 2006, together with 100 other workers. The last trading date for Royal Worcester was 14 June 2009.
The company went into administration on 6 November 2008 and on 23 April 2009 the brand name and intellectual property were acquired by Portmeirion Pottery Group – a pottery and homewares company based in Stoke-on-Trent. As Portmeirion Group has a factory in Stoke-on-Trent, the purchase did not include Royal Worcester and Spode manufacturing facilities.
Since then products made under the Royal Worcester brand have been made in the far east and have not been of the same quality.

</doc>
<doc id="2841639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841639" title="Manfred Curry">
Manfred Curry

Manfred Curry (11 December 1899 – 13 February 1953) was a German born American scientist, physician, inventor, sailor and author. Born in Munich, Germany to American parents.
An accomplished olympic yachtsman he sailed more than 1400 regattas many of which he won. In later life he worked as a doctor specialising in bioclimatics and became the self-proclaimed discoverer of the pseudoscientific phenomenon of "geomagnetic lines" called the "Curry Grid".
Manfred Curry wrote a pioneering book on yacht aerodynamics and racing tactics, published in several editions and several languages, describing how he studied sailing-boat design scientifically, testing numerous rig configurations in the wind-tunnel at Göttingen. The importance of his book within yachting has been described as having brought scientific sailboat design into the public eye. In the book, he describes several of his inventions or developments that are in widespread use today, including the fully battened mainsail, the Genoa jib (so called because first used competitively in a regatta at Genoa) and the cam cleat (Called the "Curryklemme" in German). He described two successful racing dinghies as well innovations used on an America's Cup defending yacht. He was the most successful German yachtsman in history sailing in around 1400 races and winning more than 1000.
One of his dinghies, "Aero", has recently been found and restored.
As a doctor specialising in bioclimatics and allergies he founded the American Bioclimatics Research Institute, which was renamed the Manfred Curry Clinic after his death. Curry also investigated the supposed allergenic properties of "earth radiation", a concept invented by him and his colleague Ernst Hartmann. "Earth Radiation" has never been accepted as a scientific field of study and is considered to be pseudoscience.

</doc>
<doc id="2841640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841640" title="Louis Tobback">
Louis Tobback

Louis Marie Joseph Tobback (born 3 May 1938) is a Belgian politician. Tobback is a Flemish social democrat and member of the political party SP.A. He is currently the mayor of Leuven. He graduated in Romance philology at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel.
Political career.
He started his political career in 1965 in the OCMW/CPAS council. In 1971 he was elected a member of the city council of Leuven, and became "eerste schepen" (first alderman).
In 1974, he became the leader of the Belgian Socialist Party faction in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives, and became a controversial but respected politician. Tobback is known for his oneliners in which he clearly states his opinion.
From 1988 until 1994, Tobback was Belgium's Minister of the Interior in two coalitions formed by Christian Democrats and Socialists, who faced the tough task to make Belgium comply with the terms of the Maastricht Treaty. It was known that he liked cooperating with Jean-Luc Dehaene, who was Prime Minister from 1992 until 1999.
In 1994 he became president of the Flemish social-democratic party (SP; since 2001 known as Socialistische Partij Anders, SP.A). In that time, the party had a hard time due to the Agusta scandal in which several Flemish and Francophone Socialists were accused of corruption. Despite this, the party did not lose too many votes in the federal and regional elections in 1995. As president of the SP, he also started a campaign of ideological and organisational innovation within the party.
In 1995, Tobback also became the mayor of Leuven, and he was granted the title of Minister of State as a recognition of his work in politics.
In April 1998, he again became Minister of the Interior, after Johan Vande Lanotte (also SP.A) resigned because of the escape of Marc Dutroux during his transport from jail to the court hall. In September 1998 he resigned himself after a Nigerian immigration candidate (Semira Adamu) died during her forced repatriation.
As of 27 September 1998, Tobback is the Mayor of Leuven.

</doc>
<doc id="2841643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841643" title="Specfs">
Specfs

On Unix-like computer systems, specfs is short for special filesystem. This is not a physical or network file system and it does not have a mount point either. It is simply an filesystem layer to access device special files, which are hosted in any of the regular filesystems.

</doc>
<doc id="2841647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841647" title="William Wigston">
William Wigston

William Wigston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841648" title="Locus amoenus">
Locus amoenus

Latin for "pleasant place", locus amoenus is a literary term which generally refers to an idealized place of safety or comfort. A "locus amoenus" is usually a beautiful, shady lawn or open woodland, or a group of idyllic islands, sometimes with connotations of Eden or Elysium.
Ernst Robert Curtius wrote the concept's definitive formulation in his "European Literature and the Latin Middle Ages" (1953).
Characteristics.
A locus amoenus will have three basic elements: trees, grass, and water. Often, the garden will be in a remote place and function as a landscape of the mind. It can also be used to highlight the differences between urban and rural life or be a place of refuge from the processes of time and mortality. 
Some gardens in the genre also have overtones of the regenerative powers of human sexuality marked out by flowers, springtime, and goddesses of love and fertility.
History.
Classical.
The literary use of this type of setting goes back, in Western literature at least, to Homer, and it became a staple of the pastoral works of poets such as Theocritus and Virgil. Horace ("Ars poetica", 17) and the commentators on Virgil, such as Servius, recognize that descriptions of "loci amoeni" have become a rhetorical commonplace.
In Ovid's "Metamorphoses", the function of the "locus amoenus" is inverted, to form the locus terribilis. Instead of offering a respite from dangers, it is itself usually the scene of violent encounters.
Medieval.
The Middle Ages merged the classical locus amoenus with biblical imagery, as from the Song of Songs.
Matthew of Vendôme provided multiple accounts of how to describe the locus amoenus; while Dante drew on the commonplace for his description of the Earthly Paradise: "Here spring is endless, here all fruits are".
Renaissance.
The locus amoenus was a popular theme in the works of such Renaissance figures as Ariosto and Tasso.
Shakespeare made good use of the "locus amoenus" in his long poem "Venus and Adonis". The trope also fed into his construction in many plays of a 'green world' - the space that lies outside of city limits, a liminal space where erotic passions can be freely explored, away from civilization and the social order - as with the Forest of Arden in "As You Like It". 
A mysterious and dark, feminine place, as opposed to the rigid masculine civil structure, the green world can also be found featured in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", and "Titus Andronicus" .
Modern.
In the 20th century the locus amoenus appears in the work of T. S. Eliot, as with the Rose Garden of "Burnt Norton"; and in J. R. R. Tolkien's Shire and his Lothlórien.
Sinister doubles.
The split off obverse of the locus amoenus was the apparently delectable but in fact treacherous garden, often linked to a malign sexuality as with Circe's palace, or the Bower of Bliss in Edmund Spenser.

</doc>
<doc id="2841651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841651" title="Yealand Redmayne">
Yealand Redmayne

Yealand Redmayne is a village and civil parish in the English county of Lancashire.
Community.
The civil parish also includes the hamlet of Yealand Storrs. The village borders Yealand Conyers and the villages share their facilities. The shared history of the Yealands goes back to at least the Norman invasion and they are recorded in the Doomsday Book as Jalant (this is presumed to include the area that became Silverdale). The local district also has a strong Viking history as seen in many of the names of geographical features and nearby place names as well as the recent discovery of the Silverdale Hoard. Today, Yealand Redmayne is still the biggest village by area but has a smaller population than Silverdale.
The village contains a busy transport corridor as the A6 and M6 roads as well as the West Coast Mainline and the Lancaster canal all pass through the parish. There is a miniature railway track near the A6 called Cinderbarrow.
Geography.
It is north of Lancaster with Carnforth being the nearest town in Lancashire and Milnthorpe in Cumbria. The village shares a border with Cumbria.
To the north is Beetham, to the east is Burton and north east Holme while its western boundary is with Silverdale, with Arnside, and the River Kent to the north west. To the south is Yealand Conyers and beyond that is Warton.
It is in the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and contains Gait Barrows National Nature Reserve and Storrs Moss (which comprises part of the Leighton Moss RSPB reserve).

</doc>
<doc id="2841656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841656" title="Stroke ratio">
Stroke ratio

In a reciprocating piston engine, the stroke ratio, defined by either bore/stroke ratio or stroke/bore ratio, is a term to describe the ratio between cylinder bore diameter and piston stroke. This can be used for either an internal combustion engine, where the fuel is burned within the cylinders of the engine, or external combustion engine, such as a steam engine, where the combustion of the fuel takes place "outside" the working cylinders of the engine.
While the stroke ratio can provide insight into the goals of an engine's designer, it has no direct effect on the speed at which an engine reaches maximum torque .
Conventions.
In a piston engine, there are two different ways of describing the "stroke ratio" of its cylinders, namely: "bore/stroke" ratio, and "stroke/bore" ratio.
Bore/stroke ratio.
Bore/stroke is the more commonly used term, with usage in North America, Europe, United Kingdom, Asia, and Australia.
The diameter of the cylinder bore is divided by the length of the piston stroke to give the ratio.
Stroke/bore ratio.
Stroke/bore ratio is less common than bore/stroke ratio, but is used in some countries, such as Finland.
The length of the piston stroke is divided by the diameter of the cylinder bore to give the ratio.
Square, oversquare and undersquare engines.
The following terms describe the naming conventions for the configurations of the various bore/stroke ratio:
Square engine.
A square engine has equal or very nearly equal bore "and" stroke dimensions, giving a bore/stroke value of exactly or almost exactly 1:1.
Square engine examples.
Alberto Ascari's Lancia D50 Grand Prix car in 1954-55 had a DOHC V8 engine with near square dimensions with a 73.6 mm bore and a 73.1 mm stroke.
The Volkswagen Group W16 engine as used in the Bugatti Veyron is an example of a square engine - with an identical bore and stroke of .
The 1970s Ford 400M with a 4.00" bore and stroke is another example of a square engine.
The BMW M52 engine with a displacement of 2793 cubic centimeters is an example of a perfect square engine with a bore of 84 mm and a stroke of 84 mm.
The Mercedes-Benz M117 engine with a displacement of 5547 cubic centimeters is an example of a nearly square engine with a bore of 96.5 millimeters and a stroke of 94.8 millimeters.
The Cadillac 500-V8 manufactured from 1970-1976 is a nearly square engine with a 4.300 inch bore and a 4.304 inch stroke.
Similarly, the BMW S70/2 used in the McLaren F1 is a nearly square engine with an 86 mm (3.4 in) x 87 mm (3.4 in) bore/stroke.
Nissan's SR20DE is a square engine, with a bore and stroke of 86mm.
Toyota's 2JZ-GE/2JZ-GTE is a square engine, with a bore and stroke of 86mm.
The 1973-1976 Kawasaki Z1 and KZ(Z)900 had a 66 mm bore and a 66 mm stroke.
The 1982-onwards Honda Nighthawk 250 and Honda CMX250C Rebel have a 53mm bore and 53mm stroke also making it a square engine.
Škoda used square engines in some of their rear-engine models between 1964–1990, with a bore and stroke of 68mm and 72mm.
The 1968-1981 Buick 350 engine with a displacement of 349.3 cubic inches is another nearly square engine with a bore of 3.80 inches and a stroke of 3.85.
The 2009 single cylinder Yamaha Fazer 150 (launched in India), is a nearly square engine with 57.0 mm bore and 58.7 mm stroke.
Oversquare or short-stroke engine.
An engine is described as oversquare or short-stroke if its cylinders have a greater bore diameter than its stroke length, giving a bore/stroke ratio greater than 1:1.
An oversquare engine allows for more and larger valves in the head of the cylinder, lower friction losses (due to the reduced distance travelled during each engine rotation) and lower crank stress (due to the lower peak piston speed relative to engine speed). Due to the increased piston- and head surface area, the heat loss increases as the bore/stroke-ratio is increased excessively. Because these characteristics favor higher engine speeds, oversquare engines are often tuned to develop peak torque at a relatively high speed.
The reduced stroke length allows for a shorter cylinder and sometimes a shorter connecting rod, generally making oversquare engines less tall but wider than undersquare engines of similar engine displacement.
Oversquare engine examples.
Oversquare engines (a.k.a. "short stroke engines") are very common, as they allow higher rpm (and thus more power), without excessive piston speed.
Examples include both Chevrolet and Ford small-block V8s. The BMW N43 gasoline engine has a bore/stroke ratio of 1.083.
Boxer engines (such as those built by Volkswagen, Porsche, and Subaru) typically feature oversquare designs since any increase in stroke length would result in twice the increase in overall engine width. This is particularly so in Subaru's front-engine layout, where the steering angle of the front wheels is constrained by the width of the engine. Although oversquare engines have a reputation for being high-strung, low-torque machines, the Subaru EJ engine EJ181 develops peak torque at speeds as low as 3200 rpm.
Nissan's SR16VE engine found in Nissan Pulsar VZ-R and VZ-R N1 is an oversquare engine with 86 mm bore and 68.7 mm stroke, giving it an impressive 175-200 hp but relatively small torque of 119 lb.ft-134 lb.ft
Extreme oversquare engines are found in Formula One racing cars, where strict rules limit displacement, thereby necessitating that power be achieved through high engine speeds. Stroke ratios approaching 2.5:1 are allowed, enabling engine speeds of 18,000 RPM while remaining reliable for multiple races.
The Ducati Panigale motorcycle engine is massively oversquare with a bore/stroke ratio of 1.84:1. It was given the name "SuperQuadro" by Ducati, roughly translated as "super-square" from Italian.
The side-valve Belgian D-Motor LF26 aero-engine has a bore/stroke ratio of 1.4:1.
Early Mercedes-Benz M116 engines have a 92 mm bore and a 65.6 mm stroke for a 3.5 L V8.
Undersquare or long-stroke engine.
An engine is described as undersquare or long-stroke if its cylinders have a smaller bore (width, diameter) than its stroke (length of piston travel) - giving a ratio value of less than 1:1.
At a given engine speed, a longer stroke increases engine friction (since the piston travels a greater distance per stroke) and increases stress on the crankshaft (due to the higher peak piston speed). The smaller bore also reduces the area available for valves in the cylinder head, requiring them to be smaller or fewer in number. Because these factors favor lower engine speeds, undersquare engines are most often tuned to develop peak torque at relatively low speeds.
An undersquare engine will typically be more compact in the directions perpendicular to piston travel but larger in the direction parallel to piston travel.
Undersquare engine examples.
Many inline engines, particularly those mounted transversely in front-wheel-drive cars, utilize an undersquare design. The smaller bore allows for a shorter engine that increases room available for the front wheels to steer. Examples of this include many Volkswagen, Honda, and Mazda engines. The 1KR-FE-engine used in the Toyota Aygo, Citroën C1 and Peugeot 107 amongst others is an example of a modern long-stroke engine widely used in FF layout cars. This engine has a 71 mm bore and 84 mm stroke giving it a bore/stroke ratio of 0.845:1. Some rear-wheel-drive cars that borrow engines from front-wheel-drive cars (such as the Mazda MX-5) use an undersquare design.
Despite their reputation as low-speed torque machines, some undersquare engines are designed for quite high speeds. The Honda Integra Type R's B18C5 engine has one of the highest redlines (8,400 rpm) of any production engine, yet features an undersquare design. The 2011 Ford Coyote engine is a modern undersquare engine with a 7,000 rpm redline.
Many British automobile companies used undersquare designs until the 1950s, largely because of a motor tax system that taxed cars by their cylinder bore. This includes the BMC A-Series engine, and many Nissan derivatives. The Trojan Car used an undersquare, split piston, two stroke, two cylinder in line engine; this was partly for this tax advantage and partly because its proportions allowed flexing V-shaped connecting rods for the two pistons of each U-shaped cylinder, which was cheaper and simpler than two connecting rods joined with an additional bearing.
The 225 cu in (3.7 litre) Chrysler Slant-6 engine is undersquare, with a bore and a stroke (bore/stroke ratio = 0.819:1).
The Ford 5.4L Modular Engine features a cylinder bore of 90.2mm (3.552 in) and a stroke of 105.8mm (4.165 in), which makes a bore/stroke ratio of 0.852:1. Since the stroke is significantly longer than the bore, the SOHC 16V (2-valve per cylinder) version of this engine is able to generate a peak torque of 350 lb·ft as low as 2500rpm.
The Willys Jeep L134 and F134 engines were undersquare, with a 79.4 mm (3.125 inches) bore and 111.1 mm (4.375 inches) stroke (bore/stroke ratio = 0.714:1).
The Dodge Power Wagon used a straight-six Chrysler Flathead engine of 230 cu in (3.8 litre) with a bore of and a stroke of , yielding a substantially under-square bore/stroke ratio of 0.709:1.
The 292 Chevrolet I6 is also under square, with a bore of 3.875 in and a stroke of 4.125 in (bore/stroke ratio = 0.939:1).
Mitsubishi's 4G63T engine found primarily in many generations of Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution is an undersquare engine at 85 mm bore x 88 mm stroke.
Virtually all piston engines used in military aircraft were long-stroke engines. The PW R-2800, Wright R-3350, Pratt & Whitney R-4360 Wasp Major, Rolls-Royce Merlin (1650), Allison V-1710, and Hispano-Suiza 12Y-Z are only a few of more than a hundred examples.
All diesel-powered ships have massively undersquare marine engines. A Wärtsilä two-stroke marine diesel engine has a cylinder bore of 960 mm (37.8 in) and stroke of 2500 mm (98.4 in), (bore/stroke ratio = 0.384:1).
While most modern motorcycle engines are square or oversquare, some are undersquare. The Kawasaki Z1300's straight-six engine was made undersquare to minimise engine width, more recently, a new straight-twin engine for the Honda NC700 series used an undersquare design to achieve better combustion efficiency in order to reduce fuel consumption.

</doc>
<doc id="2841658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841658" title="Numbered bank account">
Numbered bank account

A numbered bank account is a type of bank account where the name of the account holder is kept secret, and they identify themselves to the bank by means of a code word known only by the account holder and a restricted number of bank employees, thus providing accountholders with a degree of bank privacy in their financial transactions. Numbered bank accounts are frequently associated in the public mind with a desire by the account holder to either minimize governmental scrutiny and taxation, perhaps to conceal an illegal or unethical origin of the money in the account or to avoid arbitrary government interference in the affairs of a political dissident. For this reason, numbered bank accounts are illegal in most banking jurisdictions, but are available (subject to heavy international regulations) in some Western European countries with a long tradition of specializing in international banking, such as Switzerland and Austria; the holder has to be fully identified but there is no law that enforces the bank to fix the name of the holder in the title of the account.
Modern numbered bank accounts are not fully "anonymous", but they do serve to provide the account holder with a greater degree of protection from scrutiny while minimizing the exposure of the account holder's name in public settings. For example, the Swiss banking system (in contrast to banks in other countries) will not reveal information about an account (whether "numbered" or not) to any governmental agency unless proof of deliberate "fraud" is established, not merely the "non-reporting" of assets in order to avoid taxation. However, bilateral treaties negotiated in 2009 between Switzerland and a number of countries may weaken this type of protection from scrutiny, as did a special agreement negotiated in 2009 between the United States and Switzerland concerning clients of the bank UBS SA.
In order to restrict the use of numbered accounts for money laundering and other forms of financial fraud, the Council of Europe mandated in 1980 that numbered bank accounts be subject to international and domestic regulations pertaining to the verification of the identities of account holders and their activities. Under these regulations, banks which operate numbered accounts may be required by a court order to reveal the owner's name and financial details, and the identity of the holder or beneficial owner must be examined for obvious fraudulent intentions at the start of the banking relationship. Since July 1, 2005, Switzerland (as the largest holder of European numbered bank accounts) has also charged a withholding tax on all interest earned in the personal Swiss accounts of European Union residents, a measure designed to satisfy EU tax requirements while still preserving account holder anonymity.

</doc>
<doc id="2841659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841659" title="Groundbed">
Groundbed

A groundbed is an array of electrodes, installed in the ground to provide a low resistance electrical path to ground or earth. A groundbed is a component in an earthing system.
Grounding systems.
For building electrical grounding systems or earthing systems there is a low resistance conductor bonding the metalwork and this is connected to a groundbed. The electrodes for electrical grounding are often called "ground rods" and are often made from steel with a copper clad surface – typically 1 to 2m long and in diameter. These are driven vertically into the ground and bonded together with bare copper wire.
Marconite is Electrically Conductive Concrete and was developed specifically for use in :-
A.Electrical Earthing Applications
B.Anti Static Flooring
C.Electro Magnetic Shielding
It is Versatile & suitable for all types of soil:- 
Hilly terrain, Rocks or Granite,
Sand or sandy soils,
Salty terrains or sea shores, 
Water logged areas or River beds,
Made up grounds.
. Ultra low resistivity 0.001 Ω m
. It is still 0.04 Ω m when mixed with cement,
. Higher mechanical strength 
. Chemically inert – it’s ph is in neutral range 
. Does not corrode metal conductor
. Conduction of current – Electronic
Consistent performance which is unaffected by the change in environment or whether conditions.
It does not dissolve, leach or gets swept away by ground water channels.
It’s life is more than 50 years.
No watering, maintenance or re-charging is required for life..hence Permanent
Mr. Guglielmo Marconi and PMC Carbon jointly developed Marconite in 1972.
Marconite was displayed to the world on UK’s technology program Tomorrow’s World in 1977.
In 2002, James Durrans & Sons Ltd, UK bought the patent of Marconite and are manufacturer of Marconite.
Above information collected by Vivek Saxena
Cathodic protection.
In cathodic protection, the anode groundbed is the arrangement of anodes in the ground or water and it provides the path for protective current to leave the anodes and enter to electrolyte.

</doc>
<doc id="2841661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841661" title="Dynamic set">
Dynamic set

Dynamic set may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2841666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841666" title="Kongunadu Makkal Katchi">
Kongunadu Makkal Katchi

Kongunadu Makkal Katchi () is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India, based amongst the Vellala Gounder caste. The party was founded shortly ahead of the 2001 Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly election.
The party is led by A.M. Raja. The party acts as the political wing of the Kongu Vellala Gounder Forum.
In the 2001 Tamil Nadu assembly elections, KMK stood as an ally of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. KMK contested one seat, Perundurai. Its candidate, N. Govindaswamy, got 40421 votes (32.43%)

</doc>
<doc id="2841674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841674" title="British Rail Class 100">
British Rail Class 100

The British Rail Class 100 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester Railway Carriage and Wagon Company Limited from 1956 to 1958, designed and built in collaboration with the Transport Sales Dept. of T.I. (Group Services) Ltd.
Introduction.
The class were designed to be lightweight to allow for good acceleration. None were selected for refurbishment and withdrawals started in 1969. The last passenger car was withdrawn from service in 1988.
Under initial classification 1973, the DTCs became 143s, but were later reclassified as 100s.
56111 was used as a training aid by the Ministry of Defence until 1985. The Class gained a small amount of "fame" through the use of 51122 and 56300 as the "Stourton Saloon" - the Eastern Region General Managers saloon. These were scrapped in 1990. 51116 and 56101 were used as the Eastern Region inspection saloon, until being scrapped in 1993. 56106 survived the longest time on the national network, being scrapped in 2000.
Preservation.
Trailer car 56301 was the first diesel multiple unit car to enter preservation in 1969, originally being used at the Chasewater Railway.
The Class has not fared well in preservation. 7 cars entered preservation of which only 4 now exist. 50341 and 56099 were preserved by the West Somerset Railway, but were scrapped & dismantled in 1991. The National Railway Museum had intended to preserve 53355, but a lack of space prevented this car, and the Class 105 coupled to it from being moved to York and they were vandalised beyond repair at Crewe.

</doc>
<doc id="2841677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841677" title="Worcester Porcelain Museum">
Worcester Porcelain Museum

The Worcester Porcelain Museum is a ceramics museum located in the Royal Worcester porcelain factory's former site in Worcester, England.
Overview.
The museum houses the world’s largest collection of Worcester porcelain. The collections date back to 1751 and the Victorian gallery, the ceramic collections, archives and records of factory production, form the primary resource for the study of Worcester porcelain and its history.
The museum is the only part of Royal Worcester left at the Severn Street site in Worcester after the factory went into administration in 2008 and closed in 2009. The Royal Worcester Visitor Centre, the seconds shop and the cafe all closed with the factory in 2009.
The Worcester Porcelain Museum was formerly known as the Museum of Royal Worcester and the Dyson Perrins Museum and Worcester Porcelain Museum. The collections includes pieces from the beginning of porcelain manufacturing in Worcester in 1751 until the closure of the Royal Worcester factory in Worcester. The museum is owned by the Dyson Perrins Museum Trust.
Collections.
The Worcester Porcelain Museum collection is displayed in three permanent galleries: the Georgian Gallery, the Victorian Gallery and the Twentieth Century Gallery. The museum holds over 10,000 objects made between 1751 and 2009. The collections date back to the 18th century, when shapes and patterns were copied from the Far East for use in the homes of the very rich.
A display in the first gallery shows an 18th-century furnished room with a long case clock and table laid for dessert. A trio of hexagonal vases feature on the mantle piece in what would have been a gentleman's home.
In contrast, the Victorian gallery has deep colours, extravagant exhibition pieces, and works of great craftsmanship. Here it can be seen how travel influenced design and how with the onslaught of the Industrial Revolution more people could afford to buy fine works.
The museum tour ends in the 20th century, where as well as producing bespoke services, commissioned by some of the factory's private customers, changing lifestyles and the advent of modern appliances like freezers and microwave ovens required a new range of products.
Henry Sandon and Lars Tharp together with others worked on an audio tour for the museum. This together with the facts trail combines to set the historical backdrop and present the technical achievements, the workers who made and decorated the porcelain, and the customers who bought it.
Facilities.
The museum is accessible for disabled people with and lift, disabled toilet and wheelchairs for use on site. 
The museum holds a range of events each year and is also available for private and corporate hire for conferences, dinner parties, wedding receptions, etc. 
There is also a Friends society with members from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2841682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841682" title="Yealand Storrs">
Yealand Storrs

Yealand Storrs is a hamlet in the English county of Lancashire.
Geography.
Yealand Storrs is north of Lancaster near the border with Cumbria, it is in the civil parish of Yealand Redmayne, in the City of Lancaster district.

</doc>
<doc id="2841687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841687" title="Rom (river)">
Rom (river)

The Rom (Romansh: "Rom"; ; in Switzerland or "Rambach" in South Tyrol (Italy) is a river in Switzerland and Italy. The 24.7 km-long river is a tributary of the Adige. It rises in the Livigno Range of the Alps, close to the Fuorn Pass. It flows through the Val Müstair in Switzerland, and joins the Adige near the town Glurns in the Italian province of South Tyrol. The drainage basin is 189 km².

</doc>
<doc id="2841689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841689" title="Legend of the Burning Sands">
Legend of the Burning Sands

Legend of the Burning Sands ("LBS") is a collectible card game (CCG) published by Five Rings Publishing Group (FRPG, then a subsidiary of Wizards of the Coast) in 1998. It was a spin-off from the earlier CCG "Legend of the Five Rings". "Legend of the Burning Sands" was set in the same fictional world as "Legend of the Five Rings", but with an Arabian setting rather than an Oriental one, with a few characters appearing in both games. Both games had similar mechanics and emphasized a continuing storyline.
The first three "Legend of the Burning Sands" sets were released under FRPG's experimental Rolling Thunder system, which emphasized small, regular releases of cards. The Rolling Thunder distribution mechanism proved to be unpopular, however, so the game was put on hiatus. After six months, the game's massive conclusion set, The Awakening, was released, but interest in the game had already faded significantly. Sales were poor, and most of the stock was destroyed rather than being warehoused. Today, cards from The Awakening are in high demand from collectors.
Much like "Legend of the Five Rings", "LBS" included many factions, especially towards the end of the game, where 12 different groups existed: The Ashalan, Ivory Kingdoms, Assassins, Ra'Shari, Senpet, Yodatai, Celestial Alliance, Jackals, Ebonites, Moto, Dahab and Qabal.
Revival.
In 2006, a movement was started to revive "LBS" at Origins and GenCon. A project was later started to photo document all known cards in the hopes of building standard rules for proxying cards to be able to play.
A plugin for the free LackeyCCG engine was also created. It includes all the cards picture, text and rulings, allowing players to enjoy online games of "Legends of the Burning Sands" without any constraints regarding cards disponibility nor geographical emplacement.
Role-Playing Game.
Alderac Entertainment Group has announced the release of a Legend of the Burning Sands sourcebook for their 3rd Edition Legend of the Five Rings Role-Playing Game. The book, a stand-alone game compatible with L5R, was released in September, 2008. A Fourth edition update was released as a free pdf in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2841698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841698" title="Children's Museum of Utica, New York">
Children's Museum of Utica, New York

The Children's Museum of History, Science and Technology is a children's museum in Utica, New York. The museum was established in 1963 by the Junior League; its first home was in the basement of the Utica Public Library. In 1979, the museum was relocated to the John C. Hieber Building, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
In 2002, the Children's Museum became the only museum in the country to be adopted by NASA and the Department of Energy's Office of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="2841705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841705" title="Charles E. Stanton">
Charles E. Stanton

Charles E. Stanton was a Colonel in the United States Army during World War I, and as chief disbursing officer an aide to General John J. Pershing. On July 4, 1917 he visited the tomb of French Revolution and American Revolution hero Marquis de La Fayette and (according to Pershing) said, "Lafayette, we are here!" to honor the nobleman's assistance during the Revolutionary War. The famous quote is often misattributed to Pershing.
The actual quote is: 
“America has joined forces with the Allied Powers, and what we have of blood and treasure are yours. Therefore it is that with loving pride we drape the colors in tribute of respect to this citizen of your great republic. And here and now, in the presence of the illustrious dead, we pledge our hearts and our honor in carrying this war to a successful issue. Lafayette, we are here.”
Stanton was the nephew of Abraham Lincoln's Secretary of War, Edwin M. Stanton.

</doc>
<doc id="2841709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841709" title="Dodge Nitro">
Dodge Nitro

The Dodge Nitro is a compact SUV from the Dodge division of Chrysler produced from the 2007 to the 2012 model year. The Nitro shared its platform with the second generation Jeep Liberty. It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in Toledo, Ohio. The Jeep facility is part of an automobile complex which includes the Toledo South Assembly Plant, home to the Jeep Wrangler since the 1940s. 
Background.
The Nitro made its debut in February 2005 at the Chicago Auto Show, as a concept car featuring an aluminum themed interior design. Aluminum-trimmed vents behind the front fenders, and other aluminum trim around the door handles and rear hatch, were routinely displayed as the center stack and shifter also included a finish in satin silver.
The Nitro became Dodge's first compact SUV model since the Raider was discontinued in 1990. It also became the first modern Dodge branded automobile to be sold in Europe since its introduction in early 2007. In the U.S., the Nitro went into production in August 2006 and went on sale in September of the same year as a 2007 model. All Nitros were available with rear-wheel drive, and part-time four-wheel drive was available as an option. The Nitro was Dodge's entry-level SUV until the 2009 model year, when the larger, car-based Dodge Journey crossover SUV priced below it, arrived in showrooms. Compared to its shared platform with the Jeep Liberty, the Nitro is longer, lower, and wider. The extra length is split between the rear seat and the cargo area.
The Nitro originally came equipped with an SUV class-leading towing capacity. Safety features such as electronic roll mitigation, traction control and side curtain airbags, as well as a functional sliding cargo floor called "Load 'N Go" were also offered as standard equipment. Similar to a system offered on the Saab 9-5 station wagon, the floor can be extended through the rear hatch by 18 in (457 mm) to ease loading. Another attribute of the SUV, is its aggressive hot rod styling; complete with a bulged muscular appearance and pronounced fenders.
Model years.
For its initial debut in 2007, two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive drivetrains were offered, along with a choice of a 3.7-liter V6 or 4.0-liter V6 engines. The model designations were the SXT, SLT and R/T. There were three types of upholstery made available; basic cloth, stain-repellant cloth, and perforated leather. Standard safety features included; front and rear side airbags, side curtain airbags, an electronic stability program with traction control and brake assist, electronic roll mitigation and a tire-pressure monitor. The four-cylinder version was sold exclusively in Europe.
During 2008, the Nitro came in both a 4x2 and a 4x4 versions with each offering two trims: the SXT and the SLT. Both trims came with a standard 210-hp 3.7 liter V6 engine. The SXT trim included a standard six-speed manual transmission with an optional four-speed automatic. The SLT trim came with a standard four-speed automatic but the optional R/T package increased the level of equipment with a 260-hp 4.0 liter V6 engine mated to a five-speed automatic transmission. The Nitro's SXT trim offered standard amenities such as power mirrors, windows and door locks with remote keyless entry, satellite radio, air conditioning and seating for five. The SXT and R/T added alloy wheels, power driver's seat, stain repellent cloth, the "Load 'N Go" retractable cargo floor, cruise control and an overhead console with a trip computer, compass and exterior temperature display. Standard safety features included; front airbags, side curtain airbags, traction and stability control with roll-over mitigation, brake assist, and a tire-pressure monitor.
In 2009, the Nitro was offered in both a 4x2 and a 4x4 versions with two trims levels; the SE and the SLT. Both trim levels came with a standard 210-hp 3.7-liter V6 engine mated to a four-speed automatic transmission. The SXT with its six-speed manual transmission had been replaced by the SE trim which featured the automatic transmission. The SLT trim offered the optional R/T package which was made available with a 260-hp 4.0-liter V6 engine mated to a five-speed automatic transmission. The Nitro's SE trim offered standard amenities such as power mirrors, windows and door locks with remote keyless entry, satellite radio, air conditioning and seating for five. The SXT and R/T added alloy wheels, power driver's seat, stain repellent cloth, the "Load 'N Go" retractable cargo floor, cruise control and an overhead console with a trip computer, compass and exterior temperature display. Standard safety features included; front airbags, side curtain airbags, traction and stability control with roll-over mitigation, brake assist, and a tire-pressure monitor.
For the 2010 model year, three new model designations became available; Heat, Detonator and Shock trim levels. The 4x2 and a 4x4 versions, could be had as either Heat, Detonator, or Shock trim. The Heat trim was equipped with a 210-hp 3.7-liter V6 engine mated to a four-speed automatic transmission. The Detonator and Shock trims were fitted with a 260-hp 4.0-liter V6 engine mated to a five-speed automatic transmission. The Heat trim level offered power mirrors, windows and door locks with remote keyless entry, satellite radio, and air conditioning. The Detonator added a rear-park assist, remote start system, power driver's seat, cruise control, an overhead console with a trip computer, compass and exterior temperature display. The premium Shock trim level added heated front seats, leather trim interior, and a power sunroof. Among standard safety features were: front airbags, side curtain airbags, active head restraints, traction and stability control with roll-over mitigation, brake assist, and a tire-pressure monitor. For all trim levels, the "Load 'N Go" sliding trunk floor feature was discontinued.
The 2011 model year brought back the previous year's three model designations; Heat, Detonator, and Shock trim levels. The 4x2 and 4x4 versions again became available in either Heat, Detonator, or in Shock trim. The 210-hp 3.7-liter V6 engine mated to a four-speed automatic transmission, and the 260-hp 4.0-liter V6 engine mated to a five-speed automatic transmission were carried over as well. New for 2011, the Heat 4.0 lifestyle package joined the Detonator, Shock and Heat models. The Heat 4.0 came standard with a five-speed automatic transmission, Uconnect Phone and an upgraded eight-speaker sound system. Also, select models came with upgraded interiors with new cloth and leather with premium colored stitching. Detonator and Shock were branded with Dodge Brand’s signature racing stripes. Additionally, all models became available with nine exterior colors, including Bright White Clear Coat, Blackberry Pearl Coat, Toxic Orange Pearl Coat, and Redline Two Coat Pearl.
Australia.
In Australia, versions could be had only as the 3.7 V6 in SXT trim with automatic transmission. No manual option was offered, but diesels were on sale until 2010 MY.
Discontinuation.
Despite its flashy debut, the Nitro sales did not bode well for the company starting 2009, although for 2010 the situation had slightly ameliorated. The decision was therefore taken not to continue its production into 2012, with the assembly effectively ending on December 16, 2011. It was purportedly speculated by Marchionne that a successor going by the same name could be presented at the 2012 New York show, although that information later proved to be rumored from false facts and that the Nitro would not get a second generation for 2012. Chrysler built 2012 Dodge Nitros for the fleet market only, although Dodge's official websites for the United States and Canada list no 2012 retail Nitros. The final Nitro came off the assembly line on December 16, 2011, with a total of 175,510 units built since its introduction.
Controversy.
In early 2007, a TV advertisement in the U.S. for the Nitro with the tag line: ""charged with adrenaline"", showed a dog getting electrocuted after touching the SUV's front wheel. The ad gained a substantial amount of negative attention and was quickly pulled off the air.

</doc>
<doc id="2841714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841714" title="Alamo Heights High School">
Alamo Heights High School

Alamo Heights High School is a secondary school located in the city of Alamo Heights, Texas and is the only high school in the Alamo Heights Independent School District. It is also one of the top traditional public high schools in Texas and in the top one percent of public high schools in the nation.
Alamo Heights High School is known for its excellence as a college preparatory high school where students benefit from a challenging educational program and a wide array of extra curricular opportunities. Most of the students who attend Alamo Heights HS also attended Alamo Heights Junior School (6-8), either Woodridge Elementary or Cambridge Elementary (1-5), and Howard Early Childhood Center (PreK-K). There is also alternative school at the Robbins Academy (6-12). Others come from nearby private or parochial schools such as St. Luke's Episcopal, St. Mary's Hall, St. Peter Prince of the Apostles, The San Antonio Academy, St. Pius X, or Texas Military Institute and Keystone School.
The district includes three "island cities" including all of Alamo Heights, parts of Terrell Hills and all of Olmos Park. The district also includes a small part of north central San Antonio. Although Alamo Heights High School is a public school, it does accept a limited amount of tuition students every year who live outside of the Alamo Heights district boundaries.
In 2009, the school was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. 
Facilities.
The two-story school building is divided into four halls: Main, South, Central and North. Main provides access to the attendance and principal's offices, the library, the auditorium and a few classrooms. North contains the mathematics and history departments. Central is occupied by the technology department, as well as the nurse's and counselors' offices. South contains the English and foreign languages departments. The school's main sitting area is outside between North and Central. This area is called "The Oaks" after its many oak trees. The Oaks Building is located across The Oaks from the main building. It contains two art rooms, the language laboratory, which contains computers with headsets for use with recorded language teaching materials and a multi-purpose room. The auditorium is located north of the North Wing, with the band hall north of the auditorium.
The school has several sports facilities, the most visible of which is Harry B. Orem Stadium, used for football and soccer games. The stadium contains a track and there is also a practice field for these sports. The school's main facility for basketball and volleyball games is the Mule Dome. There is also a practice gymnasium for basketball. The school has full pool facilities for swimming, diving and water polo. Recently, the "skygym" was opened as an extra basketball court and multi-use gymnasium. The school's baseball field is located in the city's Olmos Basin.
Recently, the school has undergone major construction, including the renovation of the auditorium, addition of a two story science building, addition of a second gymnasium building and a new state-of-the-art weight room, renovation of the Central wing of the school, and the conversion of the old practice gym into a facility for the dance and cheerleading teams.
Academics.
Alamo Heights High School is known for its excellence as a college preparatory high school where students benefit from a challenging educational program and a wide array of extra curricular opportunities. Graduates must demonstrate mastery of Reading, Mathematics, and Writing as measured by the (STAAR). Students are encouraged to complete one of the advanced/recommended programs set forth by the Texas State Board of Education. Additional courses in math, science, social studies, foreign language, computer studies, fine arts, public speaking, and journalism distinguish these programs. A seal denoting the student’s program completion is affixed to his/her transcript at the end of the senior year.
In 2012, Alamo Heights was recognized by Newsweek as number 194 out of 1,300 of the nations best public schools. It was also named by Texas Monthly magazine ‘one of only twelve traditional Texas public high schools that excelled in all four of the subject areas’ (i.e. language arts, math, social studies and science).
Curriculum: Alamo Heights has designed programs to meet the needs of students at four levels: GT, PreAP/AP, enriched, and regular. The terminal courses in the honors sequence carry the title AP and follow the College Board’s Advanced Placement curriculum. PreAP/AP courses are offered in the following: English, mathematics, music, science, social studies, foreign languages, and art. Currently, dual credit enrollment courses are offered through San Antonio College for English IV, French IV, Calculus BC, Computer Science III, and Physics II.
24 AP courses offered in subject areas:
Faculty: 115 faculty members; 75% with Master’s degrees and above
Athletics.
The school offers football, tennis, water polo, volleyball and cross country in the fall. It offers basketball, swimming and diving and soccer in the winter and tennis, baseball, softball, water polo, and track and field in the spring. Golf is year round. Club lacrosse and rugby are also available.
The school's mascot is the mule.

</doc>
<doc id="2841719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841719" title="Left gastric artery">
Left gastric artery

In human anatomy, the left gastric artery arises from the celiac artery and runs along the superior portion of the lesser curvature of the stomach. Branches also supply the lower esophagus. The left gastric artery anastomoses with the right gastric artery, which runs right to left. 
Pathology.
In terms of disease, the left gastric artery may be involved in peptic ulcer disease: if an ulcer erodes through the stomach mucosa into a branch of the artery, this can cause massive blood loss into the stomach, which may result in such symptoms as hematemesis or melaena.

</doc>
<doc id="2841721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841721" title="Credit counseling">
Credit counseling

Credit counseling (known in the United Kingdom as debt counseling) is a process that involves offering education to consumers about how to avoid incurring debts that cannot be repaid through establishing an effective Debt Management Plan and Budget. Credit counseling is usually less typified by functions of credit education or the psychology of spending habits, rather credit counseling establishes a planned method of debt relief, typically through a Debt Management Plan.
Credit counseling often involves negotiating with creditors to establish a debt management plan (DMP) for a consumer. A DMP may help the debtor repay his or her debt by working out a repayment plan with the creditor. DMPs, set up by credit counselors, usually offer reduced payments, fees and interest rates to the client. Credit counselors refer to the terms dictated by the creditors to determine payments or interest reductions offered to consumers in a debt management plan.
Common features of Debt Management Programs.
After joining a DMP, the creditors will close the customer's accounts and restrict the accounts to future charges. The most common benefit of a DMP as advertised by most agencies is debt consolidation of multiple monthly payments into one monthly payment, which is usually less than the sum of the individual payments previously paid by the customer. This is because credit cards banks will usually accept a lower monthly payment from a customer in a DMP than if the customer were paying the account on their own. Some DMPs advertise that payments can be cut by 50%, although a reduction of 10-20% is more common.
The second feature of a DMP is a reduction in the interest rates charged by creditors. A customer with a defaulted credit card account will often be paying an interest rate approaching 30%. Upon joining a DMP, credit card banks sometimes lower the annual percentage rates charged to 5-10%, and a few eliminate interest altogether. This reduction in interest allows the counseling agencies to advertise that their customers will be debt free in periods of 3–6 years, rather than the 20+ years that it would take to pay off a large amount of debt at high interest rates.
A third benefit offered by credit counseling agencies is the process of bringing delinquent accounts current. This is often called "reaging" or "curing" an account. This usually occurs after making a series of on-time payments through the debt management program as a show of good faith and commitment to completion of the program. For example, a client with an account with a monthly payment of $50 which has not been paid in two months might be considered by the creditor to be 60 days past due. After joining the DMP and making three consecutive monthly payments, the creditor could reage the account to reflect a current status. Thereafter the monthly payment due on the statements would be the monthly payment negotiated by the DMP, and the account report as current to the credit bureaus. This process does not eliminate the prior delinquencies from the credit bureau reports. It merely gives a fresh start and an opportunity for the client to begin building a positive credit history. Like all derogatory credit information, the passage of time will lessen the impact of the negative marks when credit scores are calculated. However, reaging an account will reset the clock on the statute of limitation (in most US states credit card debt expires worthless in 6 years). So by reaging an account, debt collectors get more time to sue you.
While private, for-profit debt/credit conseling exists also in European countries, frequently it is provided as a social service. Often their origin lies in either government, consumer associations or relief organizations. Examples include the Money Advise and Budgeting Service (private, but publicly funded) in Ireland, ‘Poradna’ (private, consumer associations and sponsoring banks) in the Czech Republic, Caritas (private charity) in some parts of Italy, or the local governments in Finland.
These debt counselors provide services such as:
a) administrative help in accessing benefits, raising awareness (and championing enforcement) of regulations and in correctly filling out forms to apply for bankruptcy or debt restructuring arrangements;
b) mediation between debtor and creditor;
c) immediate financial support;
d) provide over-indebted citizens with a perspective to regain control over their financial situation, acting as a listening ear and a helping hand.
History of credit counseling.
At one time, there were over 1,000 credit counseling agencies; today, there are fewer than 300 active organizations in the United States. The first credit counseling agencies were created in 1951 in the United States when credit grantors created the National Foundation for Credit Counseling, or NFCC. According to W. Patrick Boisclair, chairman of the NFCC's board of trustees, "the NFCC initially monitored legislative and regulatory activity for its retail credit members" and "also conducted public awareness campaigns on credit." The organization's stated objective was to promote financial literacy and help consumers avoid bankruptcy, but members did not serve as collection agencies for the creditors. The first local credit counseling franchises emerged in the 1960s and offered education and counseling directly to consumers.
In 1993, the Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies, or AICCCA, was founded, citing a need for "industry-wide standards of excellence and ethical conduct". The AICCCA was formed from the group of counselors who favored telephone delivery of debt management programs. The NFCC was, in the beginning, strongly opposed to this telephone business model, primarily favoring face-to-face counseling as a more effective solution. Eventually, all organizations practiced both phone and face-to-face processes with some agencies using large inbound call centers driven by mass media advertising.
In May 2010, the Association of Credit Counseling Professionals or ACCPros, held its inaugural conference as a trade organization. ACCPros is the only major credit counseling trade group that accepts for-profit agencies as members. Though not the only trade association with legislative activities, ACCPros focuses on advocating for reasonable and practical regulations and laws protecting consumers and governing the credit counseling industry.
Many credit counseling agencies belong to more than one trade organization. However, not all credit counseling agencies belong to a trade organization, nor are they required to do so.
In 2005, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 made credit counseling a requirement for consumer debtors filing for Bankruptcy in the United States. In order to meet this requirement, during the 180-day period preceding the filing of bankruptcy, the debtor must complete a program with an approved nonprofit budget and credit counseling agency. Such a program may include, but is not limited to, one counseling session conducted in person, by phone, or over the internet. In addition, a post-filing debtor education credit counseling session is required in order to complete the bankruptcy process and to have your debts discharged.
Credit Counseling is also a growing industry in Europe, both for profit-making debt management companies and charities such as Christians Against Poverty and the Consumer Credit Counselling Service, Britain's largest debt advice charity.
Criticism of credit counseling (USA).
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the number of credit and debt counseling agencies in America increased significantly. An antitrust lawsuit was filed against the NFCC, arguing that the presence of creditors on the NFCC’s Board of Directors constituted monopolistic practices. As a result of this litigation, creditors agreed to fund non-NFCC member agencies as well.
These sharp increases of credit counseling activity also created other, more serious issues in the industry. By the early 1990s, abuses by certain credit counseling organizations were so significant that it led to criticism of the entire industry.
A credit counseling agency typically receives most of its compensation from the creditors to whom the debt payments are distributed. This funding relationship has led many to believe that credit counseling agencies are merely a collections wing of the creditors. This fee income, known as “Fair Share,” are contributions from the creditors that originally earned the agency 15% of the amount recovered. However, in recent years, Fair Share contributions have dwindled steadily, with contributions of 4-10% being the most common.
Still the NFCC considers bankcard companies to be one of their primary "constituents," and the NFCC website promotes the fact that they collect $5 billion for creditors each year. It also promotes their efforts to steer consumers away from bankruptcy.
The Federal Trade Commission has filed lawsuits against several credit counseling agencies, and continues to urge caution in choosing a credit counseling agency. The FTC has received more than 8,000 complaints from consumers about credit counselors, many concerning high or hidden fees and the inability to opt out of so-called “voluntary” contributions. The Better Business Bureau also reports high complaint levels about credit counseling.
The IRS also has weighed in on the subject of credit counseling, and has denied nonprofit 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status to around 30 of the nation's 1000 credit counseling agencies. Those 30 credit counseling agencies account for more than half of the industry's revenue. Audits of non-profit credit counseling agencies by the IRS are ongoing.
Other organizations have voiced criticisms of the credit counseling industry, often citing the Fair Share funding model as evidence that credit counselors serve the interests of the creditors over the interests of consumers, and that credit counselors are not forthcoming in speaking out about the actions of creditors for fear of losing what little funding remains. Credit counselors respond that their job is not to take sides but to negotiate with all parties equally to help successfully resolve debts. They further argue that the steady decline in Fair Share funding belies the notion that creditors are in control of the credit counseling industry.
Another common criticism of credit counseling is the assertion that participating in a Debt Management Plan will ruin a consumer’s credit. Fair Isaac Corporation, the company that pioneered the use of credit scores, states that participation in a Debt Management Plan has no effect on a consumer's FICO credit score. However, the participation in such a plan may appear on consumer credit reports, and the client may have more difficulty obtaining a car or home loan and be denied any further unsecured credit, such as a credit card. This is because lenders often use multiple risk factors to determine creditworthiness. The major factor holding consumers back is the amount of debt they have relative to their income (the debt to income ratio) and not enrollment in a credit counseling plan. While credit card banks offering relatively low-credit-line cards may use a credit score alone to approve a new account, a mortgage or car lender typically will scrutinize the entire credit report more extensively and verify employment and income information. Some lenders view a prospective customer's participation in a Debt Management Plan as indicative of the customer being unfit to manage his or her finances.
Additionally, mortgage loans backed by federal programs such as HUD or FHA have additional government underwriting guidelines in addition to the lender's own policies. HUD/FHA states their position on credit counseling is neutral and that a factor they will consider is whether the client has been adhering to the payment plan initially established through the credit counseling agency.
Counseling agencies have also been criticized for understating their clients' future responsibilities during the initial enrollment process. Agencies have been accused of telling clients to stop paying creditors directly and to then keep the first payment made by the client into the DMP to cover fees. This can result in accounts being charged off during the period that the client transitions into the DMP. Many clients come to the DMP with current accounts; they are simply seeking lower interest rates rather than needing help bringing their accounts current. Since a DMP is designed for consumers who are having trouble meeting obligations it is usually the case that any consumer joining a DMP already has past due accounts. For consumers who do not have past due accounts they must be aware that creditors will carry them past due since that creditor is giving the consumer a concession on the amount of interest charged. In this way a client's credit can be damaged as the accounts unintentionally fall past due.
Given this criticism, the industry is likely to be changed forever in the immediate future as it is scrutinized by both the consumer and government regulators over how they will be paid for the services they perform. In meantime, there will be no shortage of debt-burdened consumers who will now be facing a burgeoning, and more traditional, collection industry.
Cautions regarding credit counseling (Canada).
The Financial Consumer Agency of Canada (FCAC) advises Canadians to do their homework about credit counseling services before entering into an agreement. According to the Agency, consumers should shop around and compare services of credit counseling bodies and take note of the different fee structures of for-profit and not-for-profit credit counseling, as well as what services are offered for those fees. Consumers considering entering into a DMP should also be aware that an R7 credit rating will be entered in their credit report and that their credit report will show that they used credit counseling, a notation that will remain on the report for at least two to three years after completion of the counseling program. Prospective lenders, employers and landlords may view information in an individual's credit report, if the application forms consumers sign grant them permission to do so.
Debt Counselling in South Africa and the National Credit Regulator.
The National Credit Regulator (NCR) was established as the regulator under the National Credit Act No. 34 of 2005 (The Act) and is responsible for the regulation of the South African credit industry. It is tasked with carrying out education, research, policy development, registration of industry participants, investigation of complaints, and ensuring the enforcement of the Act. The NCR is also tasked with the registration of credit providers, credit bureau and debt counsellors; and with the enforcement of compliance with the Act. Debt Counselling was introduced and enforced in 2007. This enabled over-indebted consumers to seek relief in accordance to the National Credit Act.
Debt Counselling was introduced to provide a definite process for helping a customer with over indebtedness. The process provides a consistent system of debt restructuring, enforcement and judgement, which places priority on the eventual satisfaction of all responsibilities for the consumer's obligations under the credit agreements. The process of Debt Counselling was developed to offer an option for consumers who cannot meet their monthly obligations under current credit agreements. Their available amount for debt repayments is calculated after all basic living expenses have been budgeted for. Basic living expenses get priority before making provision for credit repayments. Debt counselling provides you with more breathing space without getting into trouble with your creditors for paying less than the original instalments.
Debt Counselling in South Africa can be summarised as a procedure where a person, who can no longer afford to meet all his monthly debt obligations, can apply with a debt counsellor to negotiate on his behalf with his creditors for reduced monthly repayments.

</doc>
<doc id="2841734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841734" title="Timothy Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 7th Earl of Minto">
Timothy Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 7th Earl of Minto

(Gilbert) Timothy Lariston Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 7th Earl of Minto (born 1 December 1953), styled Viscount Melgund between 1975 and 2005, is the chief executive of British company Paperchase. He is the son of the late Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 6th Earl of Minto and his first wife, Lady Caroline Child Villiers. The Earl resides in England, but has continuing links with Scotland, as his parents did.
He succeeded his father in the earldom on 7 September 2005.
He is married since 30 July 1983 to Diana Barbara Trafford, daughter of Brian and Audrey (née Taylor) Trafford. They have two sons and one daughter; a third son is deceased.
Under one legitimist theory, Anne Stanley, Countess of Castlehaven, elder sister of the Earl's ancestress Lady Frances, was the "de jure" Queen of England, and he is heir to her claims to the throne of England.

</doc>
<doc id="2841736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841736" title="Trinity University College">
Trinity University College

Trinity University College () was a Church University College in Carmarthen, Wales. In 2010, it merged with the University of Wales, Lampeter to become the new University of Wales, Trinity Saint David.
The institution was founded in 1848 as the South Wales and Monmouthshire Training College.
History.
Trinity University College began life in 1848 as the South Wales and Monmouthshire Training College, making it the oldest teacher training college in continuous operation in Wales. The college's role was to train young men for teaching in Church primary schools. In the first year of operation, 22 students were recruited and were taught by three members of staff including the first Principal, William Reed. Walter Powell is recorded as the first student; he was 17, previously a draper and worked in a grocery store. The College required its students to follow a strict schedule which included getting up at half past six for a cold bath. Students were often recruited from humble backgrounds, and to remind them of this, the college curriculum included subjects such as gardening and woodwork. The students were expected to have a knowledge of grammar and arithmetic and received education in Latin and Greek. By 1936, the college also had an art block and a gym. The college also placed restrictions on the interaction with the local town, particularly with women and fines were issued for 'girling' (interaction with local women). The strict regime of college life was however broken for activities such as smoking and reading newspapers in the common rooms, musical concerts and entertainment. In the late Victorian era, photography became a great hobby at the college. In the inter-war era, the college gained a reputation for sports (which still exists to this day). The sports practiced at the college included, badminton, tennis and hockey. The main sport however was rugby, which has a strong tradition at Trinity and many past students have gone on to become great successes in the sport.
An account of college life in the 1930s is provided by ex-student George Head, who wrote that the Old Building and the Dewi Hostel combined contained all of the teaching rooms, a gymnasium, the library, the smoking room and common rooms, the secretary offices and the 'Sick Ward' and medical facilities. Church was still at this period a large part of the college life. Interaction with women was still forbidden and punishable. Head does however speak of how fond the students were of the college and how much they took away from it. In particular he recounts the old Trinity College Anthem called "There is a tavern in the town"
During the Second World War many students were expected to take 'fire watches' and serve as lookouts at night, although this job came with little danger in a town like Carmarthen. Many of the students at the college also joined the Home Guard and took part in drills. In 1938 a Broadcast room was constructed, the foundation stone being laid by the Duke of Kent.
In 1931, the College changed its name to "Trinity College, Carmarthen". Female students were first admitted in 1957 and in 2009, the College achieved "university college" status, changing its name to "Trinity University College".
College anthem.
There is a tavern in the town, in the town
And there my true love settled down, settled down
She read her books so merrily
And never, never thought of me, thought of me.
We came from near and far then, unto Trinity Carmarthen
And we saddened as the days drew near to part, to part
We do, O Trinity, we do, we do, we do
Regard thee with affection true, affection true
I’ll hang my hat on the Old Oak Tree,
And may the world go well with thee, well with thee.
Merger with University of Wales Lampeter.
On 14 December 2008, it was announced that Trinity was in merger talks with Lampeter with the intention of forming a new university in Wales. The decision was taken in April 2009 for the merger to go ahead. The name for the newly merged institution would be University of Wales Trinity Saint David. The Welsh Assembly Government announced a £14.03m investment in the newly merged institution in October 2008. The merger formally took place in July 2010.
Location.
Trinity College is situated on the outskirts of Carmarthen. It is in a rural setting, surrounded by fields and hills, but is within 10 minutes walk of the town centre. The University is situated around the original 'Old College' of 1848 and is a mixture of lawns and gardens surrounding modern buildings. The main bulk of the university lies at along College Road and Job's Well Road, with some buildings situated away from the main grounds. On the outskirts of the town, near the town leisure centre there is the university's outdoor weather pitch. These facilities were inherited by the new university and continue in use today.
Buildings.
Original buildings.
Old Building
The campus is centred on the original 1848 'Old Building' of Trinity College. It originally contained all of the original dormitories, common rooms, libraries, an original university quadrangle and teaching spaces. The building today houses several lecture theatres and smaller classrooms often used by the University's school of Justice and Social Inclusion (including Psychology) and, Theology, Religious Studies and Islamic Studies.
Another feature of the old building of Carmarthen is the Archbishop Childs' hall. Named after Derrick Greenslade Childs, who was Archbishop of Wales, Bishop of Monmouth and director of the Church in Wales. Childs was principal of Trinity from 1965 and died in 1987 shortly after his retirement. The hall is of a classical shape and is hung with framed paintings of Childs. The hall is today used as a venue for conferences, lectures and performances (it contains a grand piano). On the outside of the building, there is a carved crest of the Bishops of Wales. The name of Childs is also given to aan upper room in the old building named 'Archbishop Childs room'
Cwad
The original 1848 quadrangle has been modified and renamed the 'Cwad'. This comprises a collection of computer suites and study rooms as well as a coffee shop located in the 'old Library' which serves Starbucks coffee and small meals. This area is also home to the University shop which sells daily essentials for learning.
Chapel
Attached to the main body of the building is the University Chapel. This space is divided into 3 areas; the main chapel, the ante-chapel and the chaplaincy lounge. The Main chapel is an extension added in 1932, it retains many of its original features such as a large pipe organ and several stained glass features. The ante-chapel is the original 1848 chapel, now dedicated to past students and lecturers who served during the First World War. It has a central font and is decorated with student artwork. Connected to this is the Chaplaincy lounge. This space serves as a comfortable relaxed meeting space for students. It also houses the chaplaincy library, a small collection of literature serving needs of the chapel and its congregation.
Later additions.
Halliwell Centre
The Halliwell Centre was the College's main conference facility. It is named after Rev. Halliwell, a former lecturer and principal of the college. The building comprised several large lecture halls, smaller conference rooms and suites, a larger conference hall complete with bar facilities and the Halliwell Theatre, which regularly hosted shows by traveling companies and the universities acclaimed performing arts students. The facilities of the Halliwell were often used by the various schools of the college for lectures and larger seminars. Beneath the main complex were also several more lecture rooms and the drama department.
The Halliwell Centre also housed the Merlin restaurant, which was the main refectory for catered students.
Carwyn James Building
This building was named after Carwyn James, a rugby player and former lecturer of the college. This facility was home to the Faculty of Education and Training. It was used to teach degrees such as primary education and its interior was designed to resemble that of a school building. On the second floor of the building, overlooking the quadrangle was the college's 'Quiet Study Facility' which allowed students a comfortable space to work in peace.
Emyr Wyn Jones Building
This building housed office space, music suites and practice rooms for the School of Performing Arts. Adjoining this building was the School's main workshop for the degree of theatre production and design.
Dewi Building
The Dewi building was originally built in 1925 as the Dewi Hostel. It was an extension of the original old college and served as an extra wing for student accommodation. An account of the conditions of the hostel survives from a student living in them at the time; “To keep oneself warm in the new wing during the Winter months was a problem for although it had a system of heating, the heat seldom reached even the second floor. To wash we depended on the rain-water caught in the roof of the building and this was always cold”. In 2010 the building was entirely refurbished primarily as office space into a modern building. It contained the university's main reception, finance office and registry as well as IT facilities which were sometimes used by the School of Business and Tourism.
Students' Union
The Students' Union building was the centre of student social life on the campus. Constructed in 1972 it comprised two main venues: the Attic Bar which served food and drinks and downstairs 'Unity', the main entertainment venue of the Union. This facility hosted club nights as well as other social events. The Union incorporated many societies, ranging from sports such as rugby and hockey to historical societies.
Learning Resources Centre
The main library of the university Campus was constructed in 1995 to accommodate the growing diversity of subjects on the campus and was located opposite the Parry Block. It was dedicated to the poet Raymond Garlick, who was a principal lecturer in Trinity's Welsh Department. It contained a total of 110,000 books along with academic journals and DVDs. It also housed public computers, printing and photocopying facilities. The first floor contained the bulk of the main collection as well as specialist collections, IT spaces and larger collections. The second floor contained quieter working spaces and the rest of the main collection.
Parry Block
Named after Canon Parry, a former head of the college, the Parry Block contained a variety of teaching facilities which were used largely by the University's School of Justice and Social inclusion and School of Creative Arts. These included large classrooms and smaller art studios.
Norah Isaac
Named after Norah Isaac, a former lecturer and important figure in Welsh drama, this building had a selection of classrooms and lecture suites. Degrees in English and Creative Writing were also taught in this building. It was located directly opposite the Parry Building.
Robert Hunter
Named after Robert Hunter, this building contained laboratories, classrooms and lecture halls used by the School of Sport, Health and Outdoor Education. The facility was located near the Myrddin Accommodation blocks, and was surrounded by picturesque gardens and ponds.
Dafydd Rowlands
Named after the author Dafydd Rowlands, this building was the hub of the School of Film and Visual Media. It was used by many of the creative arts degrees and contained lecture rooms, crafting spaces and an office space for the School of Visual Media.
Student life.
Student Union
The students' union building at the college was constructed in 1972 for the purposes of serving the growing number of students deciding to live on campus. It was a large building, complete with a club called Unity and the Attic Bar. Trinity had several sporting and academic societies and clubs run by the union. The university college also had a Christian Union and Amnesty groups.
Accommodation.
The college could accommodate 600 of its students, though many elected to live in private accommodation in town.
Sports.
Trinity had a long history of sport and from its very beginnings sport played an important role in students' life. Rugby was an important and strong tradition at Trinity and many of its past Alumni went on to become very successful in the sport.
Facilities
Shortly before merger, the college had a fully equipped gymnasium and sports hall. It had a climbing wall, a swimming pool, tennis courts and an astroturf. As well as this the college had large playing fields and all-weather pitch near the town leisure centre. Sport was also studied academically through the Schools of Nutrition Health and Exercise and Sport, Health and Outdoor Education.
Performing arts.
The campus' general workshop and costume workshops were used by students of theatre design. Venues for theatrical performances included a tiered theatre in the Halliwell Centre, a 160-seat facility with a sprung floor which could be used for dance rehearsals, Theatr Parry, and Theatr Fach (which contained a green screen and was used as a recording studio).
Creative arts.
The college also housed workshops designed for different arts and crafts such as woodwork, fine art and ceramics. There were also modern media suites which allowed students to engage with 2D and 3D moving artwork and an Apple Mac lab equipped with dual core i-Macs, as well as Mac Pro towers to enable students to have an industry standard experience. In addition, the campus was home to the 'final cut' film studio and recording and editing studios used by Film and Media students.
Courses.
Historically, Trinity College was primarily concerned with the discipline of teacher training. It had a long and constant history with the subject. This tradition continued throughout the institution's history and the college became one of the UK's chief providers of the subject . As it developed, Trinity College began to teach a wide range of subjects including:
After obtaining university status, the College also began awarding postgraduate degrees.
Alumni.
Former students include rugby players Dewi Bebb and Barry John, singers Stuart Burrows and Rhys Meirion, Pam Evans, founder of Peace Mala and writers Gwyn Morgan and John Owen. Former lecturers include Raymond Garlick, Norah Isaac, Islwyn Ffowc Elis and Carwyn James.

</doc>
<doc id="2841742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841742" title="Operation Berlin (Atlantic)">
Operation Berlin (Atlantic)

Operation Berlin was a successful commerce raid performed by the German battleships and between January and March 1941. The commander-in-chief of the operation was Admiral Günther Lütjens, who subsequently commanded the famous cruise of and .
The two ships aborted the operation in December 1940, but finally sailed from Kiel on 22 January 1941. They were spotted "en route" through the Great Belt and the British Admiralty was informed. Admiral Sir John Tovey sailed with a strong force (three battleships, eight cruisers and 11 destroyers), hoping to intercept the German ships in the Iceland—Faroe Islands Passage. Instead, Lütjens took his flotilla through the Denmark Strait into the Atlantic, where they were positioned to intercept convoys between Canada and Britain.
Convoy HX-106 was intercepted, but the attack was aborted when the escorting battleship was spotted. Lütjens had orders to avoid action with enemy capital ships. Fortunately for the Germans, the British failed to make an accurate identification.
After refuelling, the German ships missed convoy HX-111, but happened upon an empty convoy returning to the U.S. Over 12 hours, five ships were sunk but the attack was reported. The squadron moved south to the Azores to intercept the convoy route between West Africa and Britain.
A convoy was sighted but, once again, was not attacked due to the presence of the old battleship . Instead, "Scharnhorst" and "Gneisenau" shadowed it, acting to guide in U-boat attacks.
The two ships moved back to the western Atlantic, sinking a solitary freighter "en route". Two unescorted convoys were attacked and 16 ships were sunk or captured. One of these ships—"Chilean Reefer"—caused problems. It made smoke, radioed an accurate position and actually returned "Gneisenau"s fire with its small deck gun. Lütjens was uncertain of the freighter's capabilities, withdrew and destroyed it from a safe distance. During this action, appeared, possibly in response to the radio calls. The German ships bluffed their way to safety while "Rodney" picked up survivors.
The German ships were ordered back to Brest. They met air and sea escorts on 21 March and docked the next day.
In total, they had sailed nearly in 60 days and destroyed or captured 22 ships. They were supported by supply ships and tankers "Uckermark", "Ermland", "Schlettstadt", "Friedrich Breme" and "Hamburg".

</doc>
<doc id="2841746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841746" title="Tzant">
Tzant

Tzant was a 1990s British big beat duo, who had three Top 40 singles between 1996 and 1998. Their debut "Hot and Wet (Believe It)", featuring Verna Francis, made number 36 in the UK Singles Chart during September 1996, and two further singles ("Sounds Of Wickedness", their most successful single, and "Bounce With The Massive") would make the Top 40 in 1998. Tzant's first two releases also found moderate success in the US Hot Dance Club Play chart.
The duo consisted of Jamie White and Marcus Thomas (aka ODC MC), who also released records under the names of Mirrorball, PF Project featuring Ewan McGregor and Musique vs U2.
Discography.
The following are singles released by Tzant:

</doc>
<doc id="2841747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841747" title="Ivan Diviš">
Ivan Diviš

Ivan Diviš (September 18, 1924, Prague – April 7, 1999, Prague) was a significant Czech poet and essayist of the 2nd half of the 20th century.
Biography.
He was born in Prague into the family of a bank officer. While he was studying at high school in Prague during World War II he was arrested by the Gestapo and imprisoned in Pečkárna and Pankrác. From 1942 he worked in a bookstore, and at the end of the war he was employed at publisher V. Petr. After passing maturita he studied philosophy and aesthetics at Charles University (1945–1949). In the early 1950s he worked as a corrector at the Communist Rudé právo newspaper. After 1953 he worked as a latheman in Liberec and Prague-Kbely. In the 1960s he was an editor at Mladá fronta publishing house. In 1964 he converted to Roman Catholicism. After the Prague Spring reversal he emigrated to West Germany in 1969 and worked for Radio Free Europe. He lived in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="2841748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841748" title="Parliament of Bats">
Parliament of Bats

The Parliament of Bats was a Parliament of England that was held in 1426 in Leicester. Meetings took place in the great hall of Leicester Castle. The King at the time, Henry VI was an infant, and the session saw him knighted in St Mary de Castro Church across the road from the Castle Great Hall.
The parliament is so-called because members were not allowed to carry swords by the Duke of Gloucester, and so armed themselves with clubs, or bats — tensions being high because of the ongoing dispute between Cardinal Beaufort, the Bishop of Winchester and off-and-on Lord Chancellor, and the Duke of Gloucester, the King's uncle and regent. The Parliament saw Beaufort removed permanently as Lord Chancellor and replaced with John Kemp.

</doc>
<doc id="2841755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841755" title="Watts Naval School">
Watts Naval School

Watts Naval School was originally the Norfolk County School, a public school set up to serve the educational needs of the 'sons of farmers and artisans'. The school was then operated by Dr Barnardo's until its closure in 1953.
History.
Norfolk County School.
The Norfolk County School stood on the summit of a wooded hill with excellent views across the Wensum Valley near the village of North Elmham. It was surrounded by of land in Bintry parish in the Bintry (or Bintree as it is sometimes written) Hills.
The Norfolk County School was a public school was founded by Prebendary Joseph Lloyd Brereton to serve the educational needs of the "sons of farmers & artisans" as part of his "experiment in County Education". The foundation stone was laid on Easter Monday 1873 by Edward Prince of Wales (later to become King Edward VII). The school opened in 1874. The school also had an open-air swimming pool.
The property consisted of a central building, with a Principal's House attached to the north end of the building. A laundry was provided at the south end of the intersection. At the north end of the fifty-four acre site was a gardener's cottage. The western boundary of the property was marked by the River Wensum, and an open-air 70 ft by 30 ft swimming bath was provided next to the river. A boat house owned by the school also stood on the banks of the river, and a cricket ground was provided on the eastern side of the main building. 
A chapel, built of Bath stone, was erected in 1883 and consecrated on 16 October that year. In 1884 Brereton succeeded in getting railway access to the school through the County School station built at the foot of the hill. Despite the improved communications, the school roll never reached the 300 for which it was designed, partly as a result of the depression in agriculture.
Watts Naval School.
The school was closed in July 1895. On 4 June 1901 its premises were sold to Edward Hannay Watts. Following his death, his eldest son, Fenwick Shadforth Watts, had the fabric of the building renovated and furnished, at a cost of several thousand pounds, before handing it over to Dr Barnardo's Homes. As a result, it was turned into a home for up to 300 orphans and destitute boys under the charge of Dr T. J. Barnardo and was opened informally on 9 March 1903. The establishment was then used for the training of selected Barnardo's boys for a life at sea in the Royal Navy or mercantile Marine. The school was opened on 17 April 1906, by Viscount Coke, later Earl of Leicester. It was classified as a Secondary Technical School, with the technical instruction being nautical and with musical training for boys intending on being enlisted in the Royal Marines or other military bands. 
The first Captain of the school was Commander H. C. Martin, a former captain of the training ship Warspite, working with a staff of fifteen. The Rector of Kettlestone was appointed as Honorary Chaplain, and medical care was provided by Dr Rackham from North Elmham. Initially only one hundred boys were sent to the school, with the remaining two hundred arriving in batches of fifty to assist with the establishment of naval discipline.
The building was only slightly altered from its former use as a public school. The central hall was fitted with a heavy glass roof, and a fire escape was added to the eastern side of the building, allowing it to be evacuated within three minutes. Every part of the school was heated with hot water and an acetylene gas supply was installed. The central hall, classrooms, reception rooms and staff rooms were on the ground floor. The first floor was used for staff bedrooms, boys' dormitories, linen and the storage of dry goods. The third floor included the dining hall, kitchens, dining rooms and more dormitories. The bathrooms, engine room (boilers) and offices were located in the basement. The school was also provided with an isolation hospital, built in the grounds.
The boys were woken at 6.30, after which they attended morning prayers before having breakfast at 7.30. At 9.00 they would go to the central hall and fall in for inspection by the Captain, before marching off for lessons and drill. Dinner was served at 12.30, with the boys falling in for more school and drill at 2.00. At 4.00 they had a half-hour's special drill training. Tea was served at 5.30, with evening prayers and bed two hours later.
The chapel was enlarged in 1926, when transepts were added. It seated all three hundred boys and the school's masters. The pulpit was given as a memorial to B. Watson, Esq, and two stained glass windows were added in memory of Frederick Humby, an old Watts boy who lost his life in the "Titanic" disaster of 1912.
Closure.
The school was closed in 1953, when the remaining boys were transferred to other Barnardos training ship establishments, mostly on the south coast. Old boys concerned about the chapel were assured that Barnardo's Clerical Organising Secretary, working with the Bishop of Norwich, would be making arrangements for its preservation and that the relocation of the memorial tablets and windows was being considered.
Today.
The main school building was demolished and its site was returned to grass, apart from the captains 5 bedroom house which is the last remainders of the school. The rest became a chicken farm, but after the closure of the poultry operation a number of six-bedroom houses were built on the site. The chapel survives as a private residence, after some years of being used as a piggery. Some of the other school buildings are still in ruins, although most have been renovated and restored to domestic use. 
The chapel memorial windows were removed by Barnardos. In 1978 they were sold at auction and are now in private hands in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2841756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2841756" title="Matthieu Ricard">
Matthieu Ricard

Matthieu Ricard ( born 15 February 1946) is a French Buddhist monk who resides at Shechen Tennyi Dargyeling Monastery in Nepal.
Born in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie, France, he is the son of the late Jean-François Revel (born Jean-François Ricard), a renowned French philosopher. His mother is the lyrical abstractionist painter Yahne Le Toumelin. Matthieu Ricard grew up among the personalities and ideas of French intellectual circles.
He worked for a Ph.D. degree in molecular genetics at the Pasteur Institute under French Nobel Laureate François Jacob. After completing his doctoral thesis in 1972, Ricard decided to forsake his scientific career and concentrate on the practice of Tibetan Buddhism.
He lived in the Himalayas studying with the Kangyur Rinpoche and some other great masters of that tradition and became the close student and attendant of Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche until Rinpoche's death in 1991. Since then, Dr. Ricard has dedicated his activities to fulfilling Khyentse Rinpoche’s vision.
Ricard’s photographs of the spiritual masters, the landscape, and the people of the Himalayas have appeared in numerous books and magazines. Henri Cartier-Bresson has said of his work, "Matthieu’s spiritual life and his camera are one, from which springs these images, fleeting and eternal."
He is the author and photographer of "Tibet, An Inner Journey" and "Monk Dancers of Tibet" and, in collaboration, the photobooks "Buddhist Himalayas", "Journey to Enlightenment" and "Motionless Journey: From a Hermitage in the Himalayas". He is the translator of numerous Buddhist texts, including "The Life of Shabkar".
The dialogue with his father, Jean-Francois Revel, "The Monk and the Philosopher", was a best seller in Europe and was translated into 21 languages, and "The Quantum and the Lotus" (coauthored with Trinh Xuan Thuan) reflects his long-standing interest in science and Buddhism. His 2003 book "Plaidoyer pour le bonheur" (published in English in 2006 as "Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life's Most Important Skill") explores the meaning and fulfillment of happiness and was a major best-seller in France.
He has been dubbed the "happiest person in the world" by popular media. Matthieu Ricard was a volunteer subject in a study performed at the University of Wisconsin–Madison's on happiness, scoring significantly beyond the average obtained after testing hundreds of volunteers.
He co-authored a study on the brains of long-term meditators, including himself, who had undergone a minimum of three years retreat.
A board member of the Mind and Life Institute, which is devoted to meetings and collaborative research between scientists and Buddhist scholars and meditators, his contributions have appeared in "Destructive Emotions" (edited by Daniel Goleman) and other books of essays. He is engaged in research on the effect of mind training on the brain, at Madison-Wisconsin, Princeton and Berkeley.
He received the French National Order of Merit for his humanitarian work in the East. For the last few years, Dr. Ricard has dedicated his effort and the royalties of his books to various charitable projects in Asia, that include building and maintaining clinics, schools and orphanages in the region. Since 1989, he has acted as the French interpreter for the Dalai Lama.
Ricard has been a speaker at the World Happiness Forum conferences held in Sydney, London, San Francisco and Singapore.

</doc>
