<doc id="2862504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862504" title="Pietradefusi">
Pietradefusi

Pietradefusi is a comune in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
History.
According to some scholars, Pietradefusi lies on the site of the ancient "Fusolae", a town cited by Livy as an ally of Hannibal during the Punic Wars, and which was later destroyed by the Romans.
The origins of the town are medieval (cited first from 1298) and it was fiefdom of many noble families such as the De Souzi, the De Tocco and the Acquaviva, but was also governed a long time by the Santa Casa dell'Annunziata of Naples. The Jesuits remember the town because one of their generals Claudio of Aragona, was born here in the times of Francesco Borgia. 
Cardinal Niccolò Coscia was born here.
Main sights and cultural events.
According to the tradition, the church of S. Apollinare and S. Spirito (no more existing) housed frescoes by Giotto. 
Pietradefusi hosts is a Cinema Festival in September. 

</doc>
<doc id="2862512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862512" title="RRO Entertainment">
RRO Entertainment

RRO Entertainment is a record label with subsidiary music publishing companies started in 2003 by producer/artist Les Fradkin and his wife Loretta. Artists on the label include Les Fradkin, Amber Gomez, The Dirt Surfers, Edison Lighthouse, Napoleon's Ghost, Venus In Bluejeans and Get Wet.

</doc>
<doc id="2862519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862519" title="Walenstadt">
Walenstadt

Walenstadt is a municipality in the "Wahlkreis" (constituency) of Sarganserland in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It is located on Lake Walen (also known as "Lake Walenstadt").
Geography.
Walenstadt has an area, , of . Of this area, 35.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 40.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 5.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (19.2%) is non-productive (rivers or lakes). Until 1952 Walenstadt was known as Wallenstadt.
Lime glacial erratic show that the Seez valley ("Seeztal") was 1000 m high covered with ice during the last ice age. As the ice began to melt, wild brooks arise. The south side from the Churfirsten falls almost vertical.
The community Walenstadt is divided in five towns: Walenstadt, Walenstadtberg, Knoblisbühl, Berschis and Tscherlach. In Walenstadtberg is a famous building: The "Paxmal", built by Karl Bickel. All towns are linked by a public transport bus system. Walenstadt has a rail station.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a fortified civic gates Argent."
Demographics.
Walenstadt has a population (as of ) of . , about 18.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Of the foreign population, (), 73 are from Germany, 148 are from Italy, 400 are from ex-Yugoslavia, 24 are from Austria, 95 are from Turkey, and 107 are from another country. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 6.8%. Most of the population () speaks German (88.5%), with Albanian being second most common ( 2.9%) and Italian being third ( 2.4%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 4,010 speak German, 22 people speak French, 110 people speak Italian, and 13 people speak Romansh.
The age distribution, , in Walenstadt is; 579 children or 12.8% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 637 teenagers or 14.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 523 people or 11.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 747 people or 16.5% are between 30 and 39, 642 people or 14.2% are between 40 and 49, and 545 people or 12.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 378 people or 8.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 315 people or 7.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 148 people or 3.3% who are between 80 and 89, and there are 18 people or 0.4% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 37% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (27.8%), the SP (13.1%) and the FDP (12%).
In Walenstadt about 69.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Out of the total population in Walenstadt, , the highest education level completed by 997 people (22.0% of the population) was Primary, while 1,681 (37.1%) have completed their secondary education, 476 (10.5%) have attended a Tertiary school, and 203 (4.5%) are not in school. The remainder did not answer this question.
Transportation.
The municipality is located on the A3 motorway.
Economy.
, Walenstadt had an unemployment rate of 1.07%. , there were 142 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 52 businesses involved in this sector. 454 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 57 businesses in this sector. 1,278 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 161 businesses in this sector.
Religion.
From the , 3,057 or 67.5% are Roman Catholic, while 672 or 14.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there is 1 individual who belongs to the Christian Catholic faith, there are 152 individuals (or about 3.35% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 40 individuals (or about 0.88% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 267 (or about 5.89% of the population) who are Islamic. There are 9 individuals (or about 0.20% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), 218 (or about 4.81% of the population) belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 116 individuals (or about 2.56% of the population) did not answer the question.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Berschis", a prehistoric hill settlement on the St. Georgenberg, and the early medieval chapel of St. Georg on the same hill are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.

</doc>
<doc id="2862520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862520" title="Drakensteyn">
Drakensteyn

Drakensteyn (sometimes "Drakesteijn" or "Drakestein") is a small castle at 9 Slotlaan in the hamlet of Lage Vuursche, in the municipality of Baarn, Netherlands. It is owned by Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands, the country's former Queen who abdicated in 2013. Beatrix bought the castle in 1959, when she was the heir to the Dutch throne, and took up residence in 1963. After her marriage in 1966 she continued to live there with her husband, Prince Claus and later their three sons as well. After Beatrix succeeded her mother Juliana as Queen of the Netherlands in 1980, the family moved to The Hague in 1981.
On January 28, 2013, it was announced that Beatrix would take up residence at the castle after her son, Willem-Alexander, ascended to the Dutch throne on April 30, 2013. On February 2, 2014, Beatrix moved in to the castle.
A house called Drakesteijn at this location was first mentioned in 1359, but the current building was constructed in the years 1640–1643 for a Gerard van Reede Läm. In the 17th and 18th centuries the castle changed hands on several occasions. In 1807 Paulus Wilhelmus Bosch, mayor of Utrecht, became the owner of Drakensteyn Castle. The house remained in the possession of that family for 150 years until Frederik Lodewijk Bosch van Drakestein sold it to Princess Beatrix. It should not be confused with the nearby Klein Drakesteijn ("Little Drakesteijn"; located at 4 Kloosterlaan), which was built in 1780.
The royal connection aside, its most distinctive feature is its octagonal shape. It is surrounded by a moat that can be crossed via a bridge. Its style can be described as Classicist.

</doc>
<doc id="2862526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862526" title="Wonder Momo">
Wonder Momo

Gameplay.
"Wonder Momo" is a loose parody of a typical "Ultraman"-style superhero series, and utilizing a then-rare female protagonist. When the game is first started, players are treated to a parody of the MGM logo featuring Momo instead of a lion and a "Modoki" instead of a mask. The game then cuts to a scene of a theater stage, where a play begins starring Momo Chan, a young woman who gets super-powers. At this point the game puts the player in command of Momo. Rather than playing a hero who needs to save the world, the setting is that of a live stage show (set at the "Namco Theater"), and the player is actually controlling an actress who is merely playing the "role" of Momo/Wonder Momo. The game also features voice samples (in Japanese).
As Momo, she can only attack using kicks, and in doing so builds up her "Wonder" meter. When she touches a tornado icon, or spins around by herself, she can turn into "Wonder Momo" and can also attack using the "Wonder Hoop", which can be reused as long as she is Wonder Momo. After the Wonder Hoop is thrown, she won't be able to throw anymore, while she'll have to wait for it to bounce back to her. She can also shoot small waves of energy in whichever direction she faces (while she is crouching), which is based on the similar move by the "Ultraman" characters. Her most powerful attack is the "Wonder Typhoon" - a more powerful version of her small energy wave attack which shoots numerous amounts of small energy waves towards the left and right sides of the screen simultaneously, while she is spinning.
The game is notable for featuring some slightly risqué content for the time, in the form of fanservice (at Momo's expense). When Momo jumps, the player can visibly see her panties. Momo also needs to be wary of photographers in the theatre audience, who are determined to get a peek under her miniskirt. If one is successful, Momo will get "embarrassed" (stunned) for a short period of time. Additionally, one of the images that appears on the theater curtain (at the beginning and end of some acts) is Momo wearing only a towel.
Ports and related releases.
"Wonder Momo" was later ported by NEC Avenue for the PC Engine in Japan on April 21, 1989. This specific version was later added to the Virtual Console on February 27, 2007. The original arcade version was later added to the Virtual Console on June 16, 2009. Other than the Virtual Console, the arcade version was included with six other Namco arcade games in the seven-game, PlayStation compilation "Namco Museum Encore", and was released exclusively in Japan on October 30, 1997.
The titular character made numerous appearances outside of her video game, mostly in Namco's other video games. Both Momo (and Wonder Momo) appeared as one of the playable characters in the Japan-only, strategy RPG title "Namco x Capcom", partnering with "Beraboh Man". The character often covered herself, alluding to the original game. Some artifacts, models and costumes based on her appeared in some other Namco titles. She appeared as a magnus card in the Namco RPG "Baten Kaitos", made a cameo appearance as one of Anise's dolls in "Tales of the Abyss", had her normal self appear as one of the various floats that appear in the bonus stages of "Marvel Land", and had her "Wonder" costume appear in "" and in Catalogue 4 in the Xbox 360 game "The Idolmaster".
Besides appearing in video games, J-pop singer Haruko Momoi released an album influenced by the video game fully titled as "WONDER MOMO-i〜New recording〜" (a pun combining her last name with the name of this game). It utilizes both the game's main gameplay theme and the "henshin" (transformation) theme. Yujin released a gashapon figure of Momo as part of the "Namco Girls" collection. Her latest appearance lies in the PSP strategy RPG Queen's Gate Spiral Chaos.
On March 15, 2012, Wonder Momo was resurrected as an internet comic strip on Namco Bandai's comic strip website, ShiftyLook, with the title "Wonder Momo: Battle Idol". The series focuses on Momoko, an idol who, after failing a TV show audition, encounters a race of aliens who give her Wonder Momo's powers and afterwards, she begins battling evil aliens as well as rival hero Amazona, who is actually a popular idol named Akiho Mazo who was inspired by the original Wonder Momo (Momoko's mother). Wonder Momo has also made several appearances in Shiftylook's "Bravoman" webcomic and webseries.
Anime.
On January 28, 2014 Bandai Namco Games announced a revival of the "Wonder Momo" franchise, based on the story from the 2012 ShiftyLook webcomic. The reboot consisted of an anime series produced by Graphinica, which began streaming on Niconico and Crunchyroll in February 2014, and a side-scrolling action game developed by WayForward Technologies titled "Wonder Momo: Typhoon Booster", released for Android devices in March 2014, for iOS in May 2014, and for PC at a later date. The anime series spanned 5 seven-minute episodes, which aired between February and March of 2014. The voice cast includes Yuka Fujiwara as Momoko, Misaki Komatsu as Akiho, and Haruko Momoi reprising as the original Wonder Momo.

</doc>
<doc id="2862527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862527" title="Dasylirion">
Dasylirion

Dasylirion is a genus of 22 known species of flowering plants, all native to Mexico, with three species also extending into the southwestern United States. In the APG III classification system, it is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae).
Species.
Recognized species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2862529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862529" title="Varina, Virginia">
Varina, Virginia

Varina ( ) is a former unincorporated community and current magisterial district in the easternmost portion of Henrico County, Virginia, United States.
Varina was named for Varina Farms, a plantation established by John Rolfe on the James River about 45 miles upstream from the first settlement at Jamestown in the Virginia Colony, and across the river from Sir Thomas Dale's 1611 settlement at Henricus. Varina became the county seat of Henrico when it was formed as one of the eight original shires of Virginia in 1634, and remained in that capacity until 1752, when a new courthouse was built at Richmond.
County seat and town.
The area which included Varina Farms( which was in turn named for Rolfe's first cultivated tobacco crop in the new world "Varina") Plantation was part of Henrico Cittie (sic), an incorporation formed in 1619 by the Virginia Company of London. Henricus was clearly the central development of Henrico Cittie. However, although Henricus was wiped out and not rebuilt after the Indian Massacre of 1622, a tiny village grew up on Rolfe's Plantation which was called both "Varina" and "Henrico Parish". When the original eight shires of Virginia (later renamed counties) were formed in 1634, Varina became the county seat of Henrico.
Varina was established as an unincorporated community in 1680. It featured a courthouse, a church for Henrico Parish, and commercial buildings, such as a tavern. The Henrico Glebe house at Varina was the location where Reverend Dr. James Blair is believed to have drawn up the plans for new school which became the College of William and Mary in 1693 after his mission to England at the request of the House of Burgesses. The royal charter for the new school resurrected one of the dreams of the colonists which had been lost at Henricus in 1622.
Varina remained the county seat of Henrico County until 1752, when the seat was relocated to the growing city of Richmond, located at the head of navigation on the north side of the James River. A few years earlier, in 1741, the Henrico Parish church had also been relocated to the present location of St. John's Episcopal Church in the Church Hill section of Richmond.
19th century, American Civil War.
After the emergence of Richmond as a major community and port in the mid-18th century, and as land transportation became better, the location of Varina, which was not on any major roadway, became more isolated, gradually slipping into primarily farming use.
During the American Civil War (1861–1865), Varina was known as "Aiken's Landing", and came into frequent use for the exchange of Union and Confederate prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="2862531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862531" title="Cascade Airways">
Cascade Airways

Cascade Airways was an airline which flew primarily regional air routes out of Seattle, Washington, USA. It was founded in 1969 and shut down in 1986.
Operations.
The headquarters for the company was in Spokane, WA. Cascade Airways served the American Northwest, primarily Seattle, Spokane, Salt Lake City, Pullman, Boise and Yakima.
Other points served by Cascade included Wenatchee, WA, Moses Lake, WA, Walla Walla, WA (the main maintenance base), Lewiston, ID, Idaho Falls, ID, Pocatello, ID, Kalispell, Missoula, Helena, and Butte in Montana, and Calgary, Alberta in Canada. Also served were Portland, Eugene, Medford, OR; Reno, NV; Twin Falls, ID; Salt Lake City, UT; Pasco, Olympia, Richland, WA.
When Horizon Air began operating in 1981, Cascade was competing against a better financed airline that eventually acquired Air Oregon and Transwestern Airlines. The airline was forced to get help from Horizon but subsequently Horizon backed out of the deal and Cascade was forced to cease operations.
Cascade introduced British Aircraft Corp. BAC One-Eleven twinjet aircraft into its fleet in the fall of 1984. The BAC One-Eleven was the first and only jetliner ever operated by Cascade. Cascade was also operating Hawker Siddeley HS 748, Beechcraft 1900C and Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner III turboprop aircraft at this same time.
Fleet.
Cascade Airways operated the following aircraft types over the years:
Accidents and incidents.
On January 20, 1981, Cascade Airways Flight 201, Beech 99 N390CA, operating Seattle-Yakima-Spokane, crashed at 11:27 am PST in fog during its approach to Spokane International Airport. Seven were killed: five passengers and the cockpit crew, Captain David Weinberger and First Officer Paul Davis. Two passengers survived the crash and fire, Steven Tarnoff and James Eagle. It crashed into a wooded hillside southwest of the airport, the NTSB investigation resulted in a determination of pilot error due to the crew using an incorrect frequency for a navigational aid and subsequently descending below the Minimum Descent Height for that approach to the airport.
At the time of the crash, Cascade operated 12 Beech 99s and 3 Embraer Bandeirantes to 18 cities in the Pacific Northwest. This was the first and only fatal accident in Cascade's 15 year history.
Cascade had previously acquired Richland, Washington-based Columbia Pacific Airlines in November 1978, following a fatal crash of a Columbia Pacific Beech 99. Flight 23 over-rotated and stalled on take-off from the Richland Airport on February 10, 1978, killing both pilots and all 15 passengers.
On February 18, 1972, Cascade Airways Flight 325, a Beech 99 operating Seattle-Walla Walla-Pullman-Spokane, crashed in fog at 9:42 pm PST during its instrument approach to Spokane International Airport, and came to rest in a muddy field less than southwest of the runway. Two passengers and two crew were aboard, and all survived with minor injuries. The pilot, Lee M. Leslie of Spokane, walked from the crash site to a nearby service station to report it. The crash site was about from the Medical Lake exit (#272) of Interstate 90 and the landing gear of the plane was extended. Due to fog the flight had stopped in Pasco rather than Walla Walla. 
On June 20, 1969, less than two weeks after commencing flights, Cascade Airways Beech 99 N2550A, operating on a cargo flight with no passengers lost power on takeoff and crashed at Pasco Airport, killing both crew members. The pilot was company vice president Vaughn Gundlach, age 35, and the co-pilot was Doug Thomson, 24.

</doc>
<doc id="2862534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862534" title="Campion School, Bugbrooke">
Campion School, Bugbrooke

The Campion School is a co-educational secondary school in Bugbrooke, about from Northampton, England. Founded in 1967, it became a Language College in September 1997, and in 2011 the school became an academy.
Languages taught include French, German, Japanese, Italian, Welsh and Spanish. The school takes about 230 pupils a year into its year 7, and teaches students aged 11 to 18. Between 55% and 60% of pupils stay on to the sixth form.
History.
The original buildings were built 1966 to 1968 by the county architect's department and it was the first purpose-built comprehensive school in Northamptonshire. Extensions were added in 1971-2.
League table performance.
In 2007, 52% of pupils achieved 5 A*-C grades at GCSE against a national average of 46.7% and a county average of 42.3%. This placed it 14th out of 43 schools in Northamptonshire at GCSE level. In the same year, the school gained 884.2 out of 1323.5 possible QCA points. This placed it 5th out of 43 schools in Northamptonshire at AS/A2 level. The school had a 1.2% unauthorised absence rate (generally either truancy or holidays taken in term time which have not been agreed with the school) - lower than the national and local averages of 1.4% and 1.6% respectively. The school had an Ofsted inspection under the current headmaster in early 2008. The results were published on 4 March 2008. The report concluded that "Achievement in the main school is inadequate overall; students do not make sufficient progress. In the sixth form, it is outstanding". The Ofsted inspection in 2009 concluded that: "the school no longer requires significant improvement. Campion is now a satisfactory and improving school with good features. The effectiveness of the sixth form is outstanding. A parent commented, "I have noticed a marked improvement in the school over the past 12 months."" The most recent Ofsted inspection was in September 2011 stating that: "Students are extremely proud of this good school."
Citrix Network.
In 2004 Campion School installed a brand new network system based on a Citrix MetaFrame network using Microsoft software. The school has a wireless network throughout used by staff with access to personal laptops, and by students with The school network can also be accessed by students from home, through Campion's website. The school is working to improve the system. It is currently managed by the Manchester-based company Dataspire.
MySpace Community.
Campion School has a MySpace School Community, for alumni and current students. It leads an active discussion board and is moderated by a current student of the school. Campion students talk about the school, what can be done to improve it and what they do or don't like.
Catchment area.
The following are among the school's current catchment area:
The previous catchment area also included Blisworth. Northamptonshire County Council provide free transport for students in catchment areas up to the statutory leaving age of 16. Those over the statutory leaving age or under that age but outside catchment area must either pay for the service or use their own transport. The only transport available through the school for those not in the catchment area is the Duston and Hunsbury bus, which students must pay for each term.

</doc>
<doc id="2862540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862540" title="Grapefruit (band)">
Grapefruit (band)

Grapefruit were a London-based British band of the late 1960s. Their brand of music was a typical late 1960s blend of rock, which they often fused with psychedelic effects such as phasers and vocoders, or classical arrangements.
Biography.
They were formed in 1967 as a result of John Perry's meeting Terry Doran at Apple Publishing and Doran's inputting Scottish born singer and bass guitarist George Alexander (born Alexander Young), a member of the talented Young family that also spawned his brothers George, the rhythm guitarist and founding member of The Easybeats and also Malcolm and Angus Young, both founding members of the Australian hard rock band, AC/DC. Alexander Young had chosen to remain in Britain when the rest of the Youngs emigrated to Australia. Alexander had played with The Bobby Patrick Six, with whom he toured Germany in the mid-1960s.
Together with three former members of Tony Rivers and the Castaways (namely John Perry, Geoff Swettenham and Pete Swettenham), George Alexander formed 'The Grapefruit' (the band discarded the initial 'The' soon afterwards). The band was named by John Lennon after his future wife, Yoko Ono's book "Grapefruit". Doran, a friend of Lennon, became their manager, seeing some commercial potential in them. Doran arranged for the band's music publishing rights (as songwriters) to be assigned to the publishing wing of The Beatles' new company Apple and they were the signed to Apple. However the first signed band to Apple Publishing was Liverpool group Focal Point, who were signed by Doran in September 1967. Grapefruit's record career was launched in the spring of 1968, albeit not on the Beatles' own Apple label, which opened for business a few months later. They were signed to a US label Equinox, run by Terry Melcher. This was distributed in the UK by Decca Records. However, The Beatles continued to take some interest in Grapefruit, with John Lennon introducing the band to the media and inviting John Perry to join in on the recording of the hit single "Hey Jude". As well as Lennon, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr of the Beatles, Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones, Donovan, and Cilla Black attended the press launch and were photographed with the band. Jimi Hendrix and Sajid Khan were reportedly also in attendance. 
Grapefruit's recording career spanned only two years, from late 1967 to the end of 1969. They released two albums ("Around Grapefruit" (1968) and "Deep Water" (1969)) and several singles, none of which made a significant impact on the charts. Their best-known track is probably the Melcher produced "Dear Delilah", which was released in early 1968, and peaked at No. 21 in the UK Singles Chart, while their single "Deep Water" did crack the German Top 20, peaking at No. 19. Toward the end of their career, following the new material being written by Alexander (with some inclusions by Wale), Grapefruit shifted from melodic pop to more of a rock-based sound, referred to as soft rock in a full-page "Billboard" advertisement for their second album, "Deep Water".
Grapefruit broke up in late 1969, with Alexander remaining the most visible. Alexander joined forces with his brother, George Young, and his songwriting partner Harry Vanda from The Easybeats and, in 1970, they recorded for the Young Blood label as Paintbox and Tramp. He also participated in sessions for Vanda and Young's Marcus Hook Roll Band.
Lennon and McCartney were co-producers of "Lullabye for a Lazy Day", a song that was initially called "Circus Sgt. Pepper".
Alexander, along with George Young and Harry Vanda, revived the Grapefruit name in 1971 issuing, "Universal Party" / "Sha Sha", but the reunion was short-lived.

</doc>
<doc id="2862543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862543" title="Sunflower Records">
Sunflower Records

Sunflower Records was a Los Angeles, California-based record label founded by songwriter Mack David and music industry veteran Danny Kessler that operated from 1970 to 1972. The label was distributed by MGM Records. Sunflower issued less than 30 singles, and the album output was limited to fewer than a dozen items.
Albums.
Early in its operation, Sunflower obtained the rights to some 1966 vintage concert recordings by the Grateful Dead. They issued these as the albums "Vintage Dead" (SUN-5001) and "Historic Dead" (SNF-5004), both of which made the record charts. They followed the first Grateful Dead LP with another live set, ("Live At The Family Dog") (SUN-5002) from popular performer Danny Cox, who reminded listeners of the folk era. Another artist was Randy Edelman, who would later find success in writing songs picked up by more famous artists such as Barry Manilow. Edelman's debut album, Sunflower SNF-5005, was released in 1971.
Singles.
Sunflower Records' first single, "Song Of A Thousand Voices"/ "You Can Cry If You Want To" (Sunflower 101), was by Fearless Fradkin a/k/a/ Les Fradkin and the third (Sunflower 103) was "Hippie Lady" / "Patty Cake" by the Yummies, both of which surfaced as regional hits in various sections of the USA in fall 1970.. By the time they reached #105, they came up with a fictitious artist called Daddy Dewdrop, who coupled "Chick-A-Boom" with the children's tune "John Jacob Jingleheimer Smith,". Surprisingly, the song "Chick-A-Boom," a wry sexual fantasy put to music, jumped into the national top-10, the biggest hit the label ever had. The Daddy Dewdrop album, which followed the successful single, was a light-hearted, if not lightweight, effort that sealed the fate of Daddy Dewdrop as a one-hit wonder, never to be heard from again. The follow-up single, "The March of the White Corpuscles"/"Fox Huntin'" (Sunflower 111), sank without a trace.
Other Artists.
Other notable artists on the label included Jasper Wrath, Storm (featuring songwriter Larry Weiss), Tony Scotti, Frankie Laine and R.B. Greaves. The last single to make the charts was Sunflower 118, "Love Me, Love Me, Love" by pianist Frank Mills, which reached the top-50 in early 1972. Mills was to make a top-3 record, "Music Box Dancer," about seven years later on Polydor Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2862546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862546" title="William Bedle">
William Bedle

William Bedle (22 February 1679 (Julian calendar date, equating to the year 1680 in the Gregorian calendar) – 3 June 1768) was an English cricketer who played for Dartford and Kent in the first quarter of the 18th century. He is the sport's earliest known accomplished player. He was born in Bromley but lived most of his life near Dartford, where he was a wealthy farmer and grazier.
Cricket career.
Bedle is the first known cricketer "who achieved great prominence in the game" for it was said of him in his obituary in "Lloyd's Evening Post" dated 10 June 1768 that he was "formerly accounted the most expert cricket player in England". Bedle was thus "the first in a long line (of the best players in England) that must include Fuller Pilch, W. G. Grace, Jack Hobbs and Walter Hammond". This assessment of his ability means that three things can be deduced: he was a great player; the means of judging a player's prowess were then available; and Bedle's reputation lasted at least a generation after his playing career ended.
Bedle played in the first quarter of the 18th century and his career dates are tentatively given as 1700 to 1730. He was a member of Dartford Cricket Club, which was "the greatest Kent team of the first half of the eighteenth century" and which was often representative of Kent as a county. The Dartford club's website records that Bedle was "the first great player in cricketing annals" and "the earliest Dartford cricketer whose name has come down to posterity".
Few details of cricket matches in the 17th and early 18th centuries have survived and so what is known about Bedle's career has been pieced together by historical analysis, for the few contemporary newspaper reports rarely mentioned a player by name. The reason for this lack of surviving data is that freedom of the press was not allowed in England until 1696, when Bedle was 16, and the infant newspaper industry gradually introduced coverage of sporting events, though for many years their emphasis was on betting rather than on the matches themselves. During Bedle's career, cricket reports were not only brief but few and far between.
But, even without written record of his exploits, Bedle's reputation was known and shared by a public that was growing increasingly interested in cricket. As Rowland Bowen comments in his history, it is significant that he was remembered as the best player in England some forty years after his career ended.
Bedle used a bat that was shaped like a modern hockey stick, this being the ideal shape for addressing a ball that was "trundled" along the ground, as in lawn bowls, and given that he was "the most expert player", he was effective in the timing and variety of his strokes. Bowlers in the 18th century used the underarm style exclusively but at varying pace and it is unknown if Bedle was a fast or a slow bowler. The ball was either rolled along the ground or, if a fast bowler, skimmed across the surface; pitching was not introduced until about 1760.
Dartford was one of the two most successful clubs in England, its only rival being the London Cricket Club. Dartford's prowess is borne out by a 1723 journal entry recorded by the prominent Tory politician Robert Harley, Earl of Oxford: At Dartford upon the Heath (i.e., Dartford Brent) as we came out of the town, the men of Tonbridge and the Dartford men were warmly engaged at the sport of cricket, which of all the people of England the Kentish folk are the most renowned for, and of all the Kentish men, the men of Dartford lay claim to the greatest excellence.
Records have survived of five matches involving Dartford or Kent teams against London or Surrey between 1709 and 1724, the period in which Bedle was an active player. The earliest known inter-county match took place in the 1709 season between Kent and Surrey on Dartford Brent. The result is unknown. London hosted Kent at White Conduit Fields in August 1719 and July 1720, Kent winning the first and London the second. There were London v Dartford fixtures in July 1722 and June 1724. The former, played in Islington was the subject of a letter in "The Weekly Journal" dated 21 July 1722; the latter was the earliest known match at Kennington Common, near where The Oval is now sited. The results of these two matches are unknown.
Personal life.
Bedle lived near Dartford for most of his life and he was a wealthy farmer and grazier. His name, also spelled Beddel, is recorded on a tablet in Dartford Parish Church listing the bellringers of 1749. He died at his home near Dartford on 3 June 1768, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="2862563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862563" title="Rescue Me (Madonna song)">
Rescue Me (Madonna song)

"Rescue Me" is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was written and produced by Madonna and Shep Pettibone who had previously collaborated on the number one single "Vogue" (1990) and would collaborate again on the studio album "Erotica" (1992).
It was the second single to be released from her 1990 greatest hits compilation "The Immaculate Collection" on February 26, 1991 by Sire Records. It was the album's third single in the United Kingdom in April 1991. The single placed within the top-five in countries such as the UK, Ireland, Italy, and South Africa. According to The Official Charts Company, "Rescue Me" has sold 134,767 copies in the United Kingdom as of August 2008.
In the United States, it debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles survey at number 15 the week of March 2, 1991 and eventually placed at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart. It was certified gold by the RIAA on May 24, 1991.
No music video was filmed for the single, instead a compilation of footage from the 1987 Who's That Girl World Tour was used from the 1988 home video release "Ciao, Italia! – Live from Italy".
Background.
In the United States, "Rescue Me" was released as the second single from "The Immaculate Collection" on February 26, 1991. However, in the UK, a remix of "Crazy for You" was released as the second single in February 1991, so the release of "Rescue Me" was pushed back until April 1991. The artwork for the UK was changed due to the fact that the same image for the North American release had been used on the "Crazy for You" single, so a photograph by Jean-Baptiste Mondino was used instead.
Some of the remixes for "Rescue Me" include vocal samples from other Madonna songs. The Houseboat Vocal includes the "Hey" said by Madonna, followed by "What!" said by the back-up singers, from the single "True Blue", in the beginning of the remix. The S.O.S. Mix includes the "Watch out" from the beginning of the single "Open Your Heart", but it is transposed down and distorted. The Titanic Vocal and Demanding Dub include the "So now what?" sample taken from the single "Justify My Love". The Demanding Dub also includes a sample of "Ladies" from the single "Vogue".
A video of live footage clips from her Who's That Girl World Tour, filmed three-and-half years previously, was used to promote the single. Despite the song's success, Madonna has never performed it live on any of her tours.
In an interview with website Madonna Tribe, Tony Shimkin, who co-wrote seven songs from "Erotica", claimed in October 2012 that he co-wrote "Rescue Me" along with Madonna and Pettibone but never received credit for it.
Critical reception.
Billboard called this song a "worthy sensual". Sputnik Music's Nick Buttler gave this song 4 out of 5: "More of the same as Justify My Love, just not as good. It's a shame that this ends the album rather than Justify My Love, but that's the way it goes, I suppose."
Chart performance.
In the United States, "Rescue Me" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles survey at number 15 the week of March 2, 1991, and was one of the first singles in the 1990s that would debut at such a high position due to heavy pre-sales airplay. It was the highest debut for a single on the Hot 100 since Michael Jackson debuted at number 20 the week of February 11, 1984 with "Thriller". "Rescue Me" reached the top-five in airplay. However, by the time the single was commercially available, the song had already peaked at radio and eventually placed at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart. It was certified gold by the RIAA on May 24, 1991.
Elsewhere in the world, "Rescue Me" placed within the top-five in countries such as the UK, Ireland, Italy, and South Africa. According to The Official Charts Company, "Rescue Me" has sold 134,767 copies in the United Kingdom as of August 2008. It also peaked at number three in Europe.
Cover versions.
The 2000 compilation album "Virgin Voices: A Tribute to Madonna, Vol. 2" contains a cover by Adeva.

</doc>
<doc id="2862580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862580" title="Rob Dewey">
Rob Dewey

Rob Dewey is a former Scottish rugby union player who was born on the 16th of October 1983 and played for the Glasgow Warriors. Despite having only come onto the professional rugby scene in the 2005–2006 season, a lethal combination of pace and power gave him a name amongst the Scottish rugby community.
Dewey, a former pupil of Madras College, St Andrews, first made his name in the amateur game in Scotland. He was the Scottish Premiership Division One joint top try scorer for the 2004–2005 season while playing for Heriot's with 16 tries, and made 4 appearances (including 2 starts) for Edinburgh Rugby. This form earned him a professional contract with Edinburgh who signed him ahead of the 2005–2006 season. 
He scored 8 tries in just 11 games in his first year of regular professional rugby union. Unfortunately he suffered two dislocated shoulders in the same season, and so was unable to build on this tally. The injuries also prevented him from making his international debut. 
Dewey made his debut for Scotland on 11 November 2006, scoring a try in the 48–6 victory over .
Dewey retired from professional rugby at the end of the 2011/12 season after leaving Glasgow Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="2862587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862587" title="Pavel Vezhinov">
Pavel Vezhinov

Pavel Vezhinov () (November 9, 1914 – December 2, 1983), born Nikola Delchev Gugov (), was a Bulgarian science fiction writer. 
He was one of the very first Bulgarian science fiction authors, writing many books, articles and movie scripts. Vezhinov is perhaps best known for his 1977 novel "Barierata" (Barrier), written after the death of his first wife. He is also known with his book "Nights with the White Horses" (filmed) as well as the screenplay for the Bulgarian film classic "Three Reservists" (1971). Vezhinov is one of the authors to be taught in Bulgarian schools.

</doc>
<doc id="2862588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862588" title="Ping (blogging)">
Ping (blogging)

__NOTOC__
In blogging, a ping is an XML-RPC-based push mechanism by which a weblog notifies a server that its content has been updated. An XML-RPC signal is sent from the weblog to one or more "Ping Server(s)" "(controlled by the weblog)" to notify a list of their "Services" of new content on the weblog.
A Ping Server may notify multiple services when pinged; 
The technology was first introduced by Dave Winer to Weblogs.com in October 2001. Today, most blog authoring tools automatically ping one or more servers each time the blogger creates a new post or updates an old one.
Open ping servers, like Moreover Technologies' Weblogs.com, let other web services subscribe to a list of blogs that have recently pinged them. Blog search engines can provide fresh results very quickly by polling only the newly updated blogs. Similarly, aggregators use results from ping servers to tell subscribers which items on their subscription lists have fresh material.
In addition to open ping servers, there are also proprietary ping servers that gather information only for their own applications. Most of the major blog search engines operate such ping servers, and most Content Management Systems and Blogs provide an easy way to modify Ping Services
Ping spam.
The use of ping servers to direct attention to recent blog posts has led to a rash of "ping spam" or sping, which attempts to direct readers to web pages that are not, in fact, recent blog posts. Examples:
Creators of ping spam or spam blogs may hope to benefit by creating pages to turn up in web searches for popular keywords. Typically, an individual spam post links to some external page that displays Google ads or offers a product for sale.
Although Pinging adds no value to a website's rank-ability in Search Engines, it does help search engine Web crawlers discover content quicker, which may give it (the content) the visibility needed to attract traffic (often resulting in conversions such as sharing the website, which means additional backlinks, social shares, etc., which does help a website rank.

</doc>
<doc id="2862601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862601" title="Rurutu">
Rurutu

Rurutu is the northernmost island in the Austral archipelago of French Polynesia, and the name of a commune consisting solely of that island. It is situated south of Tahiti.
Geologically, Rurutu was initially formed 12 million years ago by the Macdonald hotspot, a hotspot associated with the Macdonald seamount. Over the next 10 million years, erosion shrank the island until it was almost an atoll. Then, just over a million years ago, Rurutu passed over the Arago hotspot, which lifted it roughly 150 meters (492 ft). Steep sea cliffs of ancient coral lifted by the event — called "makatea" — now largely encircle the island. These are riddled with caves filled with concretions — indeed, Rurutu is largely unique among islands in French Polynesia in that its historic inhabitants were cave-dwelling.
Because it is endowed with a fringing reef, Rurutu has in recent years become known for whale watching: Humpback whales come and reproduce here between July and October within easy sighting distance from the beach.
Although its tiny community still subsists primarily on fishing and basic agriculture, tourism has been a growing industry, especially since François Mitterrand's visit in 1990. Whale watching season sees the bulk of tourists, but the largely untouched native culture, the white sand beaches, and the lush tropical flora draw small numbers of tourists year-round.

</doc>
<doc id="2862609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862609" title="Stade du Pays de Charleroi">
Stade du Pays de Charleroi

Stade du Pays de Charleroi is a football stadium in the city of Charleroi, Belgium. It was built for the 2000 UEFA European Championship in Belgium and the Netherlands in replacement of the old stadium known as Mambourg. It is the home of Sporting Charleroi. Its capacity was 30,000 for Euro 2000 but was reduced shortly after to 25,000 in line with Charleroi's average attendances. The capacity was reduced again in 2013 to 15,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2862624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862624" title="Time Travelling Blues">
Time Travelling Blues

Time Travelling Blues is the second album by the stoner metal band Orange Goblin released in 1998 on Rise Above Records and the The Music Cartel. In 2002 it was re-released by Rise Above as a double CD packaged with "Frequencies from Planet Ten" (1997). This version included a cover of Trouble's "Black Shapes of Doom" as a bonus track on the "Time Travelling Blues" disc. This track was originally released on the "Bastards Will Pay: A Tribute to Trouble" compilation album and was also included on the original Japanese press of "Time Travelling Blues".

</doc>
<doc id="2862625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862625" title="Fouling">
Fouling

Fouling is the accumulation of unwanted material on solid surfaces to the detriment of function. The fouling material can consist of either living organisms (biofouling) or a non-living substance (inorganic or organic). Fouling is usually distinguished from other surface-growth phenomena in that it occurs on a surface of a component, system or plant performing a defined and useful function, and that the fouling process impedes or interferes with this function.
Other terms used in the literature to describe fouling include: deposit formation, encrustation, crudding, deposition, scaling, scale formation, slagging, and sludge formation. The last six terms have a more narrow meaning than fouling within the scope of the fouling science and technology, and they also have meanings outside of this scope; therefore, they should be used with caution.
Fouling phenomena are common and diverse, ranging from fouling of ship hulls, natural surfaces in the marine environment (marine fouling), fouling of heat-transfer components through ingredients contained in the cooling water or gases, and even the development of plaque or calculus on teeth, or deposits on solar panels on Mars, among other examples.
This article is primarily devoted to the fouling of industrial heat exchangers, although the same theory is generally applicable to other varieties of fouling. In the cooling technology and other technical fields, a distinction is made between macro fouling and micro fouling. Of the two, micro fouling is the one which is usually more difficult to prevent and therefore more important.
Components subject to fouling.
Following are examples of components that may be subject to fouling and the corresponding effects of fouling:
Macro fouling.
Macro fouling is caused by coarse matter of either biological or inorganic origin, for example industrially produced refuse. Such matter enters into the cooling water circuit through the cooling water pumps from sources like the open sea, rivers or lakes. In closed circuits, like cooling towers, the ingress of macro fouling into the cooling tower basin is possible through open canals or by the wind. Sometimes, parts of the cooling tower internals detach themselves and are carried into the cooling water circuit. Such substances can foul the surfaces of heat exchangers and may cause deterioration of the relevant heat transfer coefficient. They may also create flow blockages, redistribute the flow inside the components, or cause fretting damage.
Micro fouling.
As to micro fouling, distinctions are made between:
Precipitation fouling.
Scaling or precipitation fouling involves crystallization of solid salts, oxides and hydroxides from solutions. These are most often water solutions, but non-aqueous precipitation fouling is also known. Precipitation fouling is a very common problem in boilers and heat exchangers operating with hard water and often results in limescale.
Through changes in temperature, or solvent evaporation or degasification, the concentration of salts may exceed the saturation, leading to a precipitation of solids (usually crystals).
As an example, the equilibrium between the readily soluble calcium bicarbonate - always prevailing in natural water - and the poorly soluble calcium carbonate, the following chemical equation may be written:
The calcium carbonate that forms through this reaction precipitates. Due to the temperature dependence of the reaction, and increasing volatility of CO2 with increasing temperature, the scaling is higher at the hotter outlet of the heat exchanger than at the cooler inlet.
In general, the dependence of the salt solubility on temperature or presence of evaporation will often be the driving force for precipitation fouling. The important distinction is between salts with "normal" or "retrograde" dependence of solubility on temperature. The salts with the "normal" solubility increase their solubility with increasing temperature and thus will foul the cooling surfaces. The salts with "inverse" or "retrograde" solubility will foul the heating surfaces. An example of the temperature dependence of solubility is shown in the figure. Calcium sulfate is a common precipitation foulant of heating surfaces due to its retrograde solubility.
Precipitation fouling can also occur in the absence of heating or vaporization. For example, calcium sulfate decreases it solubility with decreasing pressure. This can lead to precipitation fouling of reservoirs and wells in oil fields, decreasing their productivity with time. Fouling of membranes in reverse osmosis systems can occur due to differential solubility of barium sulfate in solutions of different ionic strength. Similarly, precipitation fouling can occur because of solubility changes induced by other factors, e.g., liquid flashing, liquid degassing, redox potential changes, or mixing of incompatible fluid streams.
The following lists some of the industrially common phases of precipitation fouling deposits observed in practice to form from aqueous solutions:
The deposition rate by precipitation is often described by the following equations:
where:
Particulate fouling.
Fouling by particles suspended in water ("crud") or in gas progresses by a mechanism different than precipitation fouling. This process is usually most important for colloidal particles, i.e., particles smaller than about 1 μm in at least one dimension (but which are much larger than atomic dimensions). Particles are transported to the surface by a number of mechanisms and there they can attach themselves, e.g., by flocculation or coagulation. Note that the attachment of colloidal particles typically involves electrical forces and thus the particle behaviour defies the experience from the macroscopic world. The probability of attachment is sometimes referred to as "sticking probability", P:
where kd and kt are the kinetic rate constants for deposition and transport, respectively. The value of P for colloidal particles is a function of both the surface chemistry, geometry, and the local thermohydraulic conditions.
An alternative to using the sticking probability is to use a kinetic attachment rate constant, assuming the first order reaction:
and then the transport and attachment kinetic coefficients are combined as two processes occurring is series:
where:
Being essentially a surface chemistry phenomenon, this fouling mechanism can be very sensitive to factors that affect colloidal stability, e.g., zeta potential. A maximum fouling rate is usually observed when the fouling particles and the substrate exhibit opposite electrical charge, or near the point of zero charge of either of them.
Particles larger than those of colloidal dimensions may also foul e.g., by sedimentation ("sedimentation fouling") or straining in small-size openings.
With time, the resulting surface deposit may harden through processes collectively known as "deposit consolidation" or, colloquially, "aging".
The common particulate fouling deposits formed from aqueous suspensions include:
Fouling by particles from gas aerosols is also of industrial significance. The particles can be either solid or liquid. The common examples can be fouling by flue gases, or fouling of air-cooled components by dust in air. The mechanisms are discussed in article on aerosol deposition.
Corrosion fouling.
Corrosion deposits are created in-situ by the corrosion of the substrate. They are distinguished from fouling deposits, which form from material originating ex-situ. Corrosion deposits should not be confused with fouling deposits formed by ex-situ generated corrosion products. Corrosion deposits will normally have composition related to the composition of the substrate. Also, the geometry of the metal-oxide and oxide-fluid interfaces may allow practical distinction between the corrosion and fouling deposits. An example of corrosion fouling can be formation of an iron oxide or oxyhydroxide deposit from corrosion of the carbon steel underneath. Corrosion fouling should not be confused with fouling corrosion, i.e., any of the types of corrosion that may be induced by fouling.
Chemical reaction fouling.
Chemical reactions may occur on contact of the chemical species in the process fluid with heat transfer surfaces. In such cases, the metallic surface sometimes acts as a catalyst. For example, corrosion and polymerization occurs in cooling water for the chemical industry which has a minor content of hydrocarbons. Systems in petroleum processing are prone to polymerization of olefins or deposition of heavy fractions (asphaltenes, waxes, etc.). High tube wall temperatures may lead to carbonizing of organic matter. Food industry, for example milk processing, also experiences fouling problems by chemical reactions.
Fouling through an ionic reaction with an evolution of an inorganic solid is commonly classified as precipitation fouling (not chemical reaction fouling).
Solidification fouling.
Solidification fouling occurs when a component of the flowing fluid "freezes" onto a surface forming a solid fouling deposit. Examples may include solidification of wax (with a high melting point) from a hydrocarbon solution, or of molten ash (carried in a furnace exhaust gas) onto a heat exchanger surface. The surface needs to have a temperature below a certain threshold; therefore, it is said to be subcooled in respect to the solidification point of the foulant.
Biofouling.
Biofouling or biological fouling is the undesirable accumulation of micro-organisms, algae and diatoms, plants, and animals on surfaces, for example ships' hulls, or piping and reservoirs with untreated water. This can be accompanied by microbiologically influenced corrosion (MIC).
Bacteria can form biofilms or slimes. Thus the organisms can aggregate on surfaces using colloidal hydrogels of water and extracellular polymeric substances (EPS) (polysaccharides, lipids, nucleic acids, etc.). The biofilm structure is usually complex.
Bacterial fouling can occur under either aerobic (with oxygen dissolved in water) or anaerobic (no oxygen) conditions. In practice, aerobic bacteria prefer open systems, when both oxygen and nutrients are constantly delivered, often in warm and sunlit environments. Anaerobic fouling more often occurs in closed systems when sufficient nutrients are present. Examples may include sulfate-reducing bacteria (or sulfur-reducing bacteria), which produce sulfide and often cause corrosion of ferrous metals (and other alloys). Sulfide-oxidizing bacteria (e.g., Acidithiobacillus), on the other hand, can produce sulfuric acid, and can be involved in corrosion of concrete.
Zebra mussels serve as an example of larger animals that have caused widespread fouling in North America.
Composite fouling.
Composite fouling is common. This type of fouling involves more than one foulant or more than one fouling mechanism working simultaneously. The multiple foulants or mechanisms may interact with each other resulting in a synergistic fouling which is not a simple arithmetic sum of the individual components.
Fouling on Mars.
NASA Mars Exploration Rovers (Spirit and Opportunity) experienced (presumably) abiotic fouling of solar panels by dust particles from the Martian atmosphere. Some of the deposits subsequently spontaneously cleaned off. This illustrates the universal nature of the fouling phenomena.
Quantification of fouling.
The most straightforward way to quantify fairly uniform fouling is by stating the average deposit surface loading, i.e., kg of deposit per m² of surface area. The fouling rate will then be expressed in kg/m²s, and it is obtained by dividing the deposit surface loading by the effective operating time. The normalized fouling rate (also in kg/m²s) will additionally account for the concentration of the foulant in the process fluid (kg/kg) during preceding operations, and is useful for comparison of fouling rates between different systems. It is obtained by dividing the fouling rate by the foulant concentration. The fouling rate constant (m/s) can be obtained by dividing the normalized fouling rate by the mass density of the process fluid (kg/m³).
Deposit thickness (μm) and porosity (%) are also often used for description of fouling amount. The relative reduction of diameter of piping or increase of the surface roughness can be of particular interest when the impact of fouling on pressure drop is of interest.
In heat transfer equipment, where the primary concern is often the effect of fouling on heat transfer, fouling can be quantified by the increase of the resistance to the flow of heat (m²K/W) due to fouling (termed "fouling resistance"), or by development of heat transfer coefficient (W/m²K) with time.
If under-deposit or crevice corrosion is of primary concern, it is important to note non-uniformity of deposit thickness (e.g., deposit waviness), localized fouling, packing of confined regions with deposits, creation of occlusions, "crevices", "deposit tubercles", or sludge piles. Such deposit structures can create environment for underdeposit corrosion of the substrate material, e.g., intergranular attack, pitting, stress corrosion cracking, or localized wastage. Porosity and permeability of the deposits will likely influence the probability of underdeposit corrosion. Deposit composition can also be important - even minor components of the deposits can sometimes cause severe corrosion of the underlying metal (e.g., vanadium in deposits of fired boilers causing hot corrosion).
There is no general rule on how much deposit can be tolerated, it depends on the system. In many cases, a deposit even a few micrometers thick can be troublesome. A deposit in a millimeter-range thickness will be of concern in almost any application.
Progress of fouling with time.
Deposit on a surface does not always develop steadily with time. The following fouling scenarios can be distinguished, depending on the nature of the system and the local thermohydraulic conditions at the surface:
Fouling modelling.
Fouling of a system can be modelled as consisting of several steps:
Deposition consists of transport to the surface and subsequent attachment. Deposit removal is either through deposit dissolution, particle re-entrainment, or deposit spalling, erosive wear, or exfoliation. Fouling results from foulant generation, foulant deposition, deposit removal, and deposit consolidation.
For the modern model of fouling involving deposition with simultaneous deposit re-entrainment and consolidation, the fouling process can be represented by the following scheme:
formula_9
formula_10
Following the above scheme, the basic fouling equations can be written as follows (for steady-state conditions with flow, when concentration remains constant with time):
formula_11
where:
This system of equations can be integrated (taking that m = 0 and mr = 0 at t = 0) to the form:
formula_12
where λ = λr + λc.
This model reproduces either linear, falling, or asymptotic fouling, depending on the relative values of k, λr, and λc. The underlying physical picture for this model is that of a two-layer deposit consisting of consolidated inner layer and loose unconsolidated outer layer. Such a bi-layer deposit is often observed in practice. The above model simplifies readily to the older model of simultaneous deposition and re-entrainment (which neglects consolidation) when λc=0. In the absence of consolidation, the asymptotic fouling is always anticipated by this older model and the fouling progress can be described as:
formula_13
where m* is the maximum (asymptotic) mass loading of the deposit on the surface (kg/m2).
Economic and environmental importance of fouling.
Fouling is ubiquitous and generates tremendous operational losses, not unlike corrosion. For example, one estimate puts the losses due to fouling of heat exchangers in industrialized nations to be about 0.25% of their GDP. Another analysis estimated (for 2006) the economical loss due to boiler and turbine fouling in China utilities at 4.68 billion dollars, which is about 0.169% the country GDP .
The losses initially result from impaired heat transfer, corrosion damage (in particular under-deposit and crevice corrosion), increased pressure drop, flow blockages, flow redistribution inside components, flow instabilities, induced vibrations (possibly leading to other problems, e.g., fatigue), fretting, premature failure of electrical heating elements, and a large number of other often unanticipated problems. In addition, the ecological costs should be (but typically are not) considered. The ecological costs arise from the use of biocides for the avoidance of biofouling, from the increased fuel input to compensate for the reduced output caused by fouling, and an increased use of cooling water in once-through cooling systems.
For example, "normal" fouling at a conventionally fired 500 MW (net electrical power) power station unit accounts for output losses of the steam turbine of 5 MW and more. In a 1,300 MW nuclear power station, typical losses could be 20 MW and up (up to 100% if the station shuts down due to fouling-induced component degradation). In seawater desalination plants, fouling may reduce the gained output ratio by two-digit percentages (the gained output ratio is an equivalent that puts the mass of generated distillate in relation to the steam used in the process). The extra electrical consumption in compressor-operated coolers is also easily in the two-digit area. In addition to the operational costs, also the capital cost increases because the heat exchangers have to be designed in larger sizes to compensate for the heat-transfer loss due to fouling. To the output losses listed above, one needs to add the cost of down-time required to inspect, clean, and repair the components (millions of dollars per day of shutdown in lost revenue in a typical power plant), and the cost of actually doing this maintenance. Finally, fouling is often a root cause of serious degradation problems that may limit the life of components or entire plants.
Fouling control.
The most fundamental and usually preferred method of controlling fouling is to prevent the ingress of the fouling species into the cooling water circuit. In steam power stations and other major industrial installations of water technology, macro fouling is avoided by way of pre-filtration and cooling water debris filters. Some plants employ foreign-object exclusion program (to eliminate the possibility of salient introduction of unwanted materials, e.g., forgetting tools during maintenance). Acoustic monitoring is sometimes employed to monitor for fretting by detached parts. In the case of micro fouling, water purification is achieved with extensive methods of water treatment, microfiltration, membrane technology (reverse osmosis, electrodeionization) or ion-exchange resins. The generation of the corrosion products in the water piping systems is often minimized by controlling the pH of the process fluid (typically alkanization with ammonia, morpholine, ethanolamine or sodium phosphate), control of oxygen dissolved in water (for example, by addition of hydrazine), or addition of corrosion inhibitors.
For water systems at relatively low temperatures, the applied biocides may be classified as follows: inorganic chlorine and bromide compounds, chlorine and bromide cleavers, ozone and oxygen cleavers, unoxidizable biocides. One of the most important unoxidizable biocides is a mixture of chloromethyl-isothiazolinone and methyl-isothiazolinone. Also applied are dibrom nitrilopropionamide and quaternary ammonium compounds. For underwater ship hulls bottom paints are applied.
Chemical fouling inhibitors can reduce fouling in many systems, mainly by interfering with the crystallization, attachment, or consolidation steps of the fouling process. Examples for water systems are: chelating agents (for example, EDTA), long-chain aliphatic amines or polyamines (for example, octadecylamine, helamin, and other "film-forming" amines), organic phosphonic acids (for example, etidronic acid), or polyelectrolytes (for example, polyacrylic acid, polymethacrylic acid, usually with a molecular weight lower than 10000). For fired boilers, aluminum or magnesium additives can lower the melting point of ash and promote creation of deposits which are easier to remove. See also process chemicals.
Magnetic water treatment has been a subject of controversy as to its effectiveness for fouling control since the 1950s. The prevailing opinion is that it simply "does not work". Nevertheless, some studies suggest that it may be effective under some conditions to reduce buildup of calcium carbonate deposits.
On the component design level, fouling can often (but not always) be minimized by maintaining a relatively high (for example, 2 m/s) and uniform fluid velocity throughout the component. Stagnant regions need to be eliminated. Components are normally overdesigned to accommodate the fouling anticipated between cleanings. However, a significant overdesign can be a design error because it may lead to increased fouling due to reduced velocities. Periodic on-line pressure pulses or backflow can be effective if the capability is carefully incorporated at the design time. Blowdown capability is always incorporated into steam generators or evaporators to control the accumulation of non-volatile impurities that cause or aggravate fouling. Low-fouling surfaces (for example, very smooth, implanted with ions, or of low surface energy like Teflon) are an option for some applications. Modern components are typically required to be designed for ease of inspection of internals and periodic cleaning. On-line fouling monitoring systems are designed for some application so that blowing or cleaning can be applied before unpredictable shutdown is necessary or damage occurs.
Chemical or mechanical cleaning processes for the removal of deposits and scales are recommended when fouling reaches the point of impacting the system performance or an onset of significant fouling-induced degradation (e.g., by corrosion). These processes comprise pickling with acids and complexing agents, cleaning with high-velocity water jets ("water lancing"), recirculating ("blasting") with metal, sponge or other balls, or propelling offline mechanical "bullet-type" tube cleaners. Whereas chemical cleaning causes environmental problems through the handling, application, storage and disposal of chemicals, the mechanical cleaning by means of circulating cleaning balls or offline "bullet-type" cleaning can be an environmentally friendlier alternative. In some heat-transfer applications, mechanical mitigation with dynamic scraped surface heat exchangers is an option. Also ultrasonic or abrasive cleaning methods are available for many specific applications.

</doc>
<doc id="2862627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862627" title="British NVC community S1">
British NVC community S1

NVC community S1 ("Carex elata" sedge-swamp or Tufted Sedge swamp) is one of the swamp communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is a fairly localised community. There are no subcommunities.
Community composition.
There is one constant species found in this community: Tufted Sedge ("Carex elata").
One rare species is associated with the community: Narrow Small-reed ("Calamagrostis stricta").
Distribution.
This community is present in a few localities in west Norfolk, Anglesey and Cumbria.

</doc>
<doc id="2862629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862629" title="Peucestas">
Peucestas

Peucestas (in Greek Πευκέστας; lived 4th century BC) was a native of the town of Mieza, in Macedonia, and a distinguished officer in the service of Alexander the Great. His name is first mentioned as one of those appointed to command a trireme on the Hydaspes. Previous to this we do not find him holding any command of importance; but it is evident that he must have distinguished himself for his personal valour and prowess, as he was the person selected by Alexander to carry before him in battle the sacred shield, which he had taken down from the temple of Athena at Troy. In this capacity he was in close attendance upon the king's person in the assault on the capital city of the Malavas (325 BC); and all authors agreed in attributing the chief share in saving the life of Alexander upon that occasion to Peucestas, while they differed as to almost all the other circumstances and persons concerned.
For his services on this occasion he was rewarded by the king with almost every distinction which it was in his power to confer. On the arrival of Alexander at Persepolis, he bestowed upon Peucestas the important satrapy of Persis, but, previous to this, he had already raised him to the rank of somatophylax (the king's bodyguard), an honour rendered the more conspicuous in this instance by the number of those select officers being augmented on purpose to make room for his admission. At Susa, also, Peucestas was the first of those rewarded with crowns of gold for their past exploits. After this he proceeded to take possession of his government, where he conciliated the favour of the Persians subject to his rule, as well as that of Alexander himself, by adopting the Persian dress and customs, in exchange for those of Macedonia.
In the spring of 323 BC, Peucestas joined the king at Babylon, with an army of 20,000 Persian troops; and is mentioned as one of those in attendance upon him during his last illness. It does not appear that he took any leading part in the discussions that ensued upon the death of Alexander, but in the division of the provinces that followed, he obtained the renewal of his government of Persis, which he also retained in the second partition at Triparadisus, 321 BC. All his attention seems to have been directed to strengthening himself in this position and extending his power and influence as far as possible. In this he so far succeeded, that when he was at length compelled to take an active part in the war between Antigonus and Eumenes (317 BC), he obtained by common consent the chief command of all the forces furnished by the satrapies east of the Tigris river; and was with difficulty induced to waive his pretensions to the supreme direction of the war. Eumenes, however, by his dexterous management, soothed the irritation of Peucestas, and retained him firmly in his alliance throughout the two campaigns that followed. The satrap was contented to gratify his pride by feasting the whole of the armies assembled in Persis on a scale of royal magnificence, while Eumenes virtually directed all the operations of the war.
But the disaster in the final action at the Battle of Gabiene near Gadamarta (316 BC) which led to the capture of the baggage, and the surrender of Eumenes by the Argyraspids, appears to have been clearly owing to the misconduct and insubordination of Peucestas, who, according to one account, was himself one of the chief advisers of the treaty. His conduct throughout these campaigns shows that he wanted both the ability to command for himself, and the moderation to follow the superior judgment of others. His vain and ambitious character seems to have been appreciated at its just value by Antigonus, who, while he deprived him of his satrapy, and led him away a virtual prisoner, elated him with false hopes and specious promises, which, of course, were never fulfilled.

</doc>
<doc id="2862637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862637" title="Zima">
Zima

Zima is a clear, lightly carbonated, alcoholic beverage, that is made and distributed by the Coors Brewing Company, ultimately MillerCoors. Introduced in 1993, it was marketed not as a beer, but as an alternative to beer, an early example of what is now often referred to as alcopop. Its production in the United States ceased in October 2008, but it is still marketed in Japan. 
History.
Zima means "winter" in Slavic languages. TV writer Jane Espenson came up with the name. It was launched nationally in the United States as Zima Clearmalt in 1993 after being test-marketed two years earlier in the cities of Nashville, Sacramento, and Syracuse. The lemon-lime drink was part of the "clear craze" of the 1990s that produced products such as Crystal Pepsi and Tab Clear. The slogans used in early advertisements for Zima were "a truly unique alcohol beverage" and "Zomething different". 
Zima offered an alternative to the then-successful wine cooler category, and it became very popular. Coors spent $50 million marketing Zima in its first year, persuading nearly half of American alcohol drinkers to try it. "Brandweek" magazine reported that at Zima's peak in 1994, 1.2 million barrels of the beverage were sold. Originally popular among young women, Coors made its first attempt at attracting young men to the brand in 1995 by marketing Zima Gold, an amber-colored beverage that promised a "taste of bourbon"; the drink was unpopular and disappeared from store shelves within the year.
Zima was associated with rumors claiming that the beverage did not contain alcohol or that its alcohol content would not register on alcohol-breath-test equipment; the myths were alleged to have improved the beverage's popularity among teenagers.
In describing "The Long, Slow, Torturous Death of Zima", writer Brendan Koerner cited Zima's perceived reputation as a "girly-man" beverage and its persistent parodization by late-night TV host David Letterman. The "Chicago Tribune" quoted distributors ordered to stock "caffeinated alcoholic beverage Sparks on retail store shelves to make up for Zima’s absence". 
Competitors to Zima in the U.S. have included Miller's Qube and Stroh's Clash, which are no longer made today. In 2000, Smirnoff launched Smirnoff Ice, which outsold Zima in its later years.
In the late 2000s, the beverage was marketed in three additional flavors: citrus, tangerine, and pineapple citrus. In addition, black cherry and green apple flavors were also marketed.
On October 20, 2008, MillerCoors LLC announced that it had discontinued production of Zima in the U.S., choosing instead to focus on other "malternative" beverages.

</doc>
<doc id="2862645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862645" title="Burtinle">
Burtinle

Burtinle (), also known as Bur Tinle, is a small town in the Nugal province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.
Overview.
Burtinle is the center of the Burtinle District. It lies between Galkayo and Garoowe, close to the border with Ethiopia.
Originally sparsely inhabited, it is one of the faster growing settlements in the province.
Demographics.
Burtinle has a population of around 9,000 inhabitants. The broader Burtinle District has a total population of 34,674 residents. Most local residents belong to the Somali ethnic group.
Education.
Burtinle has a number of academic institutions. According to the Puntland Ministry of Education, there are 16 primary schools in the Burtinle District. Among these are Hormud, Imamu Shafici, Magacley and Meraysane. Secondary schools in the area include Burtinle High.

</doc>
<doc id="2862649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862649" title="Tombstone tourist">
Tombstone tourist

Tombstone tourist (otherwise known as a "taphophile", "cemetery enthusiast", "cemetery tourists" or "grave hunter" or "graver") describes an individual who has a passion for and enjoyment of cemeteries. This involves epitaphs, gravestone rubbing, photography, art, and history of (famous) deaths. The term has been most notably used by author and biographer Scott Stanton as the title of his 2003 book and his former website on the lives and gravesites of famous musicians. 
Cemetery tourists can be interested in the historical aspects of cemeteries or the historical relevance of its inhabitants. The Central cemetery in Vienna Zentralfriedhof, the Recolleta cemetery in Buenos Aires La Recoleta Cemetery carry a large array of famous inhabitants and their tombs, that make the cemeteries significant tourist destinations.
Also genealogy tourists make considerable effort to search out cemeteries and their records, to verify grave records, and ancestral burial locations.
History.
For centuries, people have made pilgrimages to the burial sites of religious icons and leaders. In fact, such was common during medieval times when people went to gravesites or to shrines to venerate saints. In China, the ancient tradition of Ancestor Worship also involved a veneration of dead relatives with visitations to shrines and gravesites. 
During the 19th century, garden cemeteries began to appear that encouraged a visitor to stay and visit in the cemetery. Famous among these is the Pere Lachaise cemetery in Paris, France, which continues to invite tourists to visit and see elaborate memorials not only to the world famous, but to lesser known individuals.
Cemetery records have also been a way of verifying genealogical data. Making gravestone rubbings was in practice for centuries as a way of providing this documentation and appreciating the carvings on the tombstones. Among genealogists, scouring cemeteries looking for the graves of dead ancestors is a common and longstanding practice with individuals often relying on limited and outdated information to find burial sites.
Today.
The appreciation of cemeteries has evolved along with science and technology. The Internet allows enthusiasts to visit cemeteries (and in some cases the gravesites of their own ancestors) on websites such as Find A Grave. There are also many websites and books devoted to people's personal explorations into cemeteries, particularly ones that contain the remains of famous individuals. There are also tour companies that organize and plan tours to famous cemeteries. 
The hunting of graves has become digital with the use of GPS systems to locate the area where a graveyard containing a grave is reputed to be. Many cemetery transcribers and ancestor hunters have been using this equipment in the pursuit of their goals. Find A Grave in particular includes GPS coordinates whenever possible.

</doc>
<doc id="2862655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862655" title="KOFY">
KOFY

KOFY may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2862664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862664" title="Dartford Brent">
Dartford Brent

Dartford Brent was an extensive area of common land on the outskirts of Dartford in Kent. Historically, it was the scene of a confrontation between King Henry VI and Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York in 1452; and in 1555 thousands of spectators were to witness the burning to death at the stake of Christopher Ward, a Dartford linen weaver, executed for his Protestant faith.
Part of Dartford Brent was a famous major cricket venue in the 18th century and it was almost certainly in use in during the 17th century also. It was noted for the quality of its turf, which was said to be "as smooth as a bowling green".
Major cricket venue.
Major cricket was played at Dartford Brent all through the 18th century and numerous references have survived from 1709 to 1795.
The earliest known inter-county match took place there on 29 June 1709 when Kent and Surrey played against each other.
The All-England v Hampshire match played 27, 28 and 29 August 1795 (Hampshire won by 4 wickets) was the last time Dartford Brent is known to have been used for a major match. Games in Dartford after 1795 were played at Bowman’s Lodge on nearby Dartford Heath.
Campaign against closure.
According to the club's website, an unsuccessful campaign was waged against the Brent's enclosure during the 1870s and the townspeople presented a petition to the Court of Common Council. Among other things, the petition held that a portion of the Brent had been used as the town cricket ground throughout the whole period of living memory; while the whole area had been "constantly resorted to for all sorts of past times and has been looked upon as the recreation ground of Dartford". The cricket ground at that time lay near the top of Brent Lane, somewhere across the road which passes alongside Hesketh Park.
Today.
Dartford Cricket Club still plays in the Kent League and its present ground at Hesketh Park is almost all that is left of the old Brent.

</doc>
<doc id="2862665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862665" title="Hugo Brunner">
Hugo Brunner

Sir Hugo Laurence Joseph Brunner, KCVO, JP (born 17 August 1935), was Lord Lieutenant of Oxfordshire, England, between 1996 and 2008. He was succeeded by Tim Stevenson.
Hugo Brunner is the son of Sir Felix John Morgan Brunner, 3rd Bt. (1897–1982), and Elizabeth Irving, the granddaughter of the Victorian era actor-manager Henry Irving. 
He was appointed High Sheriff of Oxfordshire in 1988 and Lord Lieutenant of Oxfordshire in 1996. He has been an enthusiastic supporter of the installation of blue plaques through his chairmanship of the Oxfordshire Blue Plaques Board, established in 1999 and administered by the Oxford Civic Society.
Brunner was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by Oxford Brookes University in 1999. His family home was Greys Court in south Oxfordshire and he now lives in North Oxford.
He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="2862669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862669" title="Doom book">
Doom book

The Doom Book, Code of Alfred or Legal Code of Aelfred the Great was the code of laws ("dooms", laws or judgments) compiled by Alfred the Great (c. 893 AD) from three prior Saxon codes, to which he prefixed the Ten Commandments of Moses and incorporated rules of life from the Mosaic Code and the Christian code of ethics.
The title "Doom book" (originally "dom-boc" or "dom-boke") comes from dōm (pronounced "dome") which is the Anglo-Saxon word meaning "judgment" or "law" — for instance, see Alfred's admonishment: "Doom very evenly! Do not doom one doom to the rich; another to the poor! Nor doom one doom to your friend; another to your foe!" The following reflects Mosaic Law: "You shall do no injustice in judgment! You shall not be partial to the poor; nor defer to the great! But you are to judge your neighbour fairly!" ().
F. N. Lee extensively documents Alfred the Great's work of collecting the law codes from the three Christian Saxon kingdoms and compiling them into his Doom Book. Lee details how Alfred incorporated the principles of the Mosaic law into his Code. He then examines how this Code of Alfred became the foundation for the Common Law. The three previous codes were those of Æthelberht of Kent (c. 602 AD), Ine of Wessex (c. 694 AD) and Offa of Mercia (c. 786 AD).
In his extensive Prologue, Alfred summarized the Mosaic and Christian codes. Michael Treschow reviewed how Alfred laid the foundation for the Spirit of Mercy in his code: Treschow states that the last section of the Prologue not only describes "a tradition of Christian law from which the law code draws but also it grounds secular law upon Scripture, especially upon the principle of mercy".

</doc>
<doc id="2862677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862677" title="Sam Belnavis">
Sam Belnavis

Sam Belnavis (born 1940) is an African American executive in automobile racing. He is one of the few minority persons to have owned a NASCAR racing team. He is currently the head of Roush Fenway Racing's driver diversity program, and handles other marketing initiatives for that company.
Education and military service.
As a child, Belnavis attended Our Lady of Victory, an all-black parochial school in Brooklyn, New York. He then attended Bishop Loughlin Memorial High School, with primarily white students, a very different experience.
Belnavis attended Manhattan College in New York, graduating with a degree in accounting, and got a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Michigan. He was in Air Force ROTC in Manhattan College, and served in the U.S. Air Force as a pilot in the 105th Tactical Fighter Wing, located at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas.
Career.
After leaving the Air Force, he took a management position at Sears, in 1968. From there, he became a director of sports marketing for Miller Brewing. In 1981, while in that job, he signed Bobby Allison to a sponsorship contract. After working at Miller, Belnavis was hired by DiGard Racing; part of his duties were to push a program to diversify DiGard Racing with an African-American driver.
After DiGard, Belnavis took a position as senior vice-president of sports and entertainment with Saatchi & Saatchi, one of the world's largest advertising firms. In 1991 he relocated to Charlotte, North Carolina, where he founded his own advertising and marketing agency, Belnavis & Associates.
In 2003, Belnavis became NASCAR's first full-time minority owner when he fielded BelCar Motorsports' #54 U.S. National Guard Ford Motor Company entry driven by Todd Bodine. In 2004, the team, at the time NASCAR's only minority-owned team, closed when the National Guard elected to sponsor a Roush Racing vehicle instead.
He continues to serves as a team in lower-level NASCAR leagues through the Drive for Diversity program, fielding entries for Morty Buckes, Brianne Conrath, and Jesus Hernandez in the past.
Personal.
Belnavis and his wife Christine have three daughters and his six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="2862702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862702" title="How Strange, Innocence">
How Strange, Innocence

How Strange, Innocence is the first album recorded by post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, released on January 17, 2000. It is their only album for the Sad Loud America label. Initially only 300 copies were issued in the form of CD-Rs. Due to many requests from fans, the album was remastered from the original tapes, given new artwork, and reissued on CD by Temporary Residence Limited on October 11, 2005.
The album was also released in a limited edition, 300 copy, double LP 180 gram vinyl on Ruined Potential records. The record was released in 5 different colors (black, blue, red, gray and white). The black, blue, and gray versions came with a special insert. The band sold the vinyl version exclusively on their 2004 tour. A vinyl re-issue has yet to become available.

</doc>
<doc id="2862709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862709" title="Anders Svensson (footballer)">
Anders Svensson (footballer)

Anders Gunnar Svensson (; born 17 July 1976 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish international footballer who plays for Swedish side IF Elfsborg. He is a playmaker and a central midfielder, well known for his passing and set piece abilities. He capped 148 times for the Swedish national football team, before he retired from international football in 2013. He is the most capped male player for Sweden after passing Thomas Ravelli's previous record of 143 caps. 
Early years.
Svensson was born in Gothenburg to parents Bertil and Gun Svensson. Svensson has three brothers, the olders one Thomas, Kristoffer and the youngest one Marcus. His father Bertil was his coach at Guldhedens IK. He grew up watching English football on television. In 1980, Svensson played for Hestrafors IF where he played for ten years.
Club career.
Guldhedens/IF Elfsborg.
Svensson began playing football at Guldhedens IK when he was around five. He played at Guldhedens IK for ten years, until he moved to Borås, where he began to play for IF Elfsborg.
As his role on the pitch is that of an offensive midfielder, although at Southampton he also played on the left of midfield. He made his breakthrough while playing for IF Elfsborg in the late 1990s before moving to English side Southampton in 2001.
Southampton.
Svensson moved to Southampton on 14 June 2001 for a £750,000 transfer fee. In England, he was a key player for Southampton; although, near the end of his time with the club, he was rarely a starter in Gordon Strachan's starting-11. He played for Southampton in the 2003 FA Cup Final against Arsenal, which Southampton lost 1–0.
During his time for the Saints, Svensson made 140 appearances. Despite chairman Rupert Lowe allegedly offered a new contract, Svensson turned down the offer to return to his former club IF Elfsborg.
Return to IF Elfsborg.
He rejoined Elfsborg in 2005 and was the captain of the team until 2014 when he lost the title to Johan Larsson.
International career.
In 1996, he debuted in the Under 21 team. In 1998, he played in the U-21 championships along with Jörgen Pettersson, Yksel Osmanovski, Daniel Andersson and Fredrik Ljungberg.
He debuted for the Swedish national side against South Africa in 1999.
He is known to be a good free-kick taker, which he showed in the 2002 World Cup in South Korea/Japan, where he scored a free kick goal against Argentina, which effectively eliminated the opponent in the group stages. He set up the opening goal for Henrik Larsson against Senegal through an in-swinging corner. He nearly scored a golden goal in extra time but his shot from inside the box was denied by the post. He played for Sweden in the Euro 2004 as well as the 2006 World Cup.
However, he found form for the national team during the Euro 2008 qualifying stage. He played 11 games with 2 goals and 1 assist which led Sweden to the Euro 2008. Svensson played every minute of every game during Euro 2008, but did not find form. His frustration showed, conceding a few free kicks during their last game in the tournament. After Henrik Larsson retired and Zlatan Ibrahimović declared that he was unsure about his future in the national team, Svensson was the team captain for Sweden in a friendly against Italy (0–1). After Ibrahimović returned to the national team in the summer of 2010, Svensson was named co-captain, although Ibrahimović remained official captain on the pitch.
On 6 September 2013, Svensson became the joint most capped male player in Swedish football history, equalling Thomas Ravelli's record with his 143rd cap. It was to be a memorable night for Svensson, as he scored the winner as Sweden came from behind to beat Ireland 2–1. In November 2013, the Swedish Football Association (SvFF) sparked a sexism scandal at its annual awards Gala when it presented Svensson with a Volvo car for winning 146 caps. The governing body was widely criticised for failing to honour Therese Sjögran, who had 187 caps.
Personal life.
Svensson enjoyed a two-year relationship with model Anine Bing while playing for Southampon. The pair met in London where she was modeling at the time.
Svensson married Emma Johansson in July 2007 at Thorsborgs.
He is affectionately known in Sweden as Taco-Anders. The nickname comes from an interview in which he mentioned that his favorite meal is tacos.

</doc>
<doc id="2862726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862726" title="Rifaat al-Assad">
Rifaat al-Assad

Rifaat Ali al-Assad (; born 22 August 1937) is the younger brother of the former President of Syria, Hafez Assad and Jamil Assad, and the uncle of the incumbent President Bashar al-Assad. He is alleged by some sources to be the commanding officer responsible for the Hama massacre of 1982. Recently declassified material back his claims that his brother Hafez al-Assad was responsible, as do a number of commentators. He himself has always denied responsibility. He currently lives in France.
Early life and education.
Rifaat al-Assad was born in the village of Qardaha, near Lattakia in western Syria on 22 August 1937. He studied Political Science and Economics at Damascus University and later, earned an honorary PhD in Politics from the Soviet Academy of Sciences.
Early experience.
Rifaat joined the Syrian Arab Army in 1958 as a First Lieutenant, and was rapidly promoted after training in various Soviet military academies (mainly in the Yekaterinburg Artillery school). In 1965, he became commander of a special security force loyal to the military wing of the Ba'ath and soon, supported Hafez al-Assad's overthrow of Salah Jadid and seizure of power in 1970.
He was allowed to form his own paramilitary group, the Defense Companies, in 1971, which soon transformed into a powerful and regular Military force trained and armed by the Soviet Union. He was a qualified paratrooper.
Under Hafez's rule.
Rifaat al-Assad played a key role in his brother's takeover of executive power in 1970, dubbed the Corrective Revolution, and ran the elite internal security forces and the Defense Companies (Saraya al-Difaa) in the 1970s and early 1980s. He had a pivotal role throughout the 1970s and, until 1984, many saw him as the likely successor to his elder brother. Hafez Assad appointed him second vice president in March 1984.
In 1976, he visited Lebanon as a guest of Tony Frangiyeh since they had close and personal ties. Referring to their conversation later, he stated “ultimately, you are okay as tolerated "dhimmis" living under Islam; but we [the Alawites are "khawarij" who have left Islam. Our reward for apostasy is death: Muslims will not tolerate us the way they might do you; they will kill us as offenders of their religion.”
In February 1982, as commander of the Defense Companies, he allegedly commanded the forces that put down a Muslim Brotherhood revolt in the central city of Hama, by instructing his forces to shell the city with BM-21 Grad rockets, killing thousands of its inhabitants (reports range from between 5,000 and 40,000, the most common suggestion being around 15-20,000). This became known as the Hama Massacre. The United States journalist Thomas Friedman claims in his book "From Beirut to Jerusalem" that Rifaat later said that the total number of victims was 38,000. Rifaat has denied having a leading role in the Hama massacre.
Rifaat Assad clarified his version for the Hama massacre during the conference in Paris to form the Syrian National Democratic Council on 15 November 2011.
Attempted coup d'état.
When Hafez al-Assad suffered from heart problems in late 1983, he established a six-member committee to run the country. Rifaat was not included, and the council consisted entirely of close Sunni Muslim loyalists to Hafez, who were mostly lightweights in the military-security establishment. This caused unease in the Alawi-dominated officer corps, and several high-ranking officers began rallying around Rifaat, while others remained loyal to Hafez's instructions.
Rifaat's troops, now numbering more than 55,000 with tanks, artillery, aircraft and helicopters, began asserting control over Damascus, setting up checkpoints and roadblocks, putting up posters of him in State buildings, disarmimg regular troops and arbitrarily arresting soldiers of the regular Army, occupying and commandeering Police Stations and Intelligence buildings, occupying State buildings; he was clearly launching a bid to succeed his brother. There was a clear division and tensions between forces loyal to Hafez, namely the 3rd Armoured Division (commanded by General Shafiq Fayadh), the Republican Guard (commanded by General Adnan Makhlouf), the various Intelligence services (commanded by Generals Mohamed Khouli and Ali Duba), the National Police, and the Special Forces (commanded by General Ali Haidar ) ; and those loyal to Rifaat, but by the middle of 1984 Hafez had returned from his sick bed and assumed full control, at which point most officers rallied around him. Initially, it seemed that Rifaat was going to be put on trial and even faced a questioning that was broadcast on television. However, it is believed that Hafez's daughter Bushra, actually saved him by convincing her father that purging him would disgrace the family and might cause tensions not only in the Assad family, but with the Makhlouf family as well (since Rifaat is also married to a woman from that family) who are also the second most prevalent Alawite family dominating the leadership of the security services (behind the Assad's). In what at first seemed a compromise, Rifaat was made vice-president with responsibility for security affairs, but this proved a wholly nominal post. Command of the 'Defense Companies', which was trimmed down to an Armoured Division size, was transferred to another officer, and ultimately the entire unit was disbanded and absorbed into other units, like the 4th Mechanized Division, the Republican Guard, and the Airborne Special Forces Division. Rifaat was then sent to the Soviet Union on "an open-ended working visit". His closest supporters and others who had failed to prove their loyalty to Hafez were purged from the army and Baath Party in the years that followed.
During the 1990s.
Although he returned for his mother's funeral in 1992, and for some time lived in Syria, Rifaat was thereafter confined to exile in France and Spain. He nominally retained the post of vice president until 8 February 1998, when he was stripped of this. He had retained a large business empire both in Syria and abroad, partly through his son Sumer. However, the 1999 crackdown, involving armed clashes in Lattakia, destroyed much of his remaining network in Syria; large numbers of Rifaat's supporters were arrested. This was seen as tied to the issue of succession, with Rifaat having begun to position himself to succeed the ailing Hafez, who in his turn sought to eliminate all potential competition for his designated successor, his son Bashar al-Assad.
In France, Rifaat has loudly protested the succession of Bashar to the post of president, claiming that he himself embodies the "only constitutional legality" (as vice president, alleging his dismissal was unconstitutional). He has made threatening remarks about planning to return to Syria at a time of his choosing to assume "his responsibilities and fulfill the will of the people", and that while he will rule benevolently and democratically, he will do so with "the power of the people and the army" behind him.
Groups and organizations.
Rifaat's son Sumer is the head of a minor pan-Arab TV channel, the Arab News Network (ANN), which functions as his father's political mouthpiece. He also claims to run a political party, of uncertain fortunes. Rifaat himself heads the United National Group ("al-tajammu` al-qawmi al-muwahhid"), which is another political party or alliance; it is known to have self-professed members among Rifaat's fellow exiles from Syria, but neither can be considered an active organization, even if they will regularly release statements in favor of Rifaat's return to Syria and protesting president Bashar al-Assad. Further, Rifaat founded the Arab Democratic Party in Lebanon in the early 1970s, a small Alawite sectarian/political group in Lebanon, which during the Lebanese Civil War acted as an armed militia loyal to the Syrian regime (through Rifaat). Ali Eid the general secretary of the party today, supports the Syrian president Bashar Al-Assad.
Foreign support for Rifaat.
Numerous rumours tie Rifaat al-Assad to various foreign interests. Rifaat is considered close, by some observers, to King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. Abdullah is married to a sister of Rifaat's wife, and Rifaat has on occasions—even after his public estrangement from the rulers in Syria—been invited to Saudi Arabia, with pictures of him and the royal family displayed in the state-controlled press.
It is claimed that Rifaat is reputed to have turned even to Israel asking for assistance, and that he has initiated contacts with exiled representatives of the Muslim Brotherhood. After the Iraq war, there were press reports that he had started talks with US government representatives on helping to form a coalition with other anti-Assad groups to provide an alternative Syrian leadership, on the model of the Iraqi National Congress. Rifaat has held a meeting with the former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi. Yossef Bodansky, the director of the US Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare, has stated that Rifaat enjoys support from both America and Saudi Arabia; he has been featured in the Saudi press as visiting the royal family in 2007. The Bashar regime remains wary of his intentions and carefully monitors his activities.
Rifaat was mentioned by the influential American think tank Stratfor as a possible suspect for the 2005 bombing that killed Lebanese ex-prime minister Rafiq Hariri and the string of attacks that has struck Beirut after the subsequent Syrian withdrawal. The goal would be to destabilize the Syrian regime. However, there has been no mention of Rifaat in the United Nations Mehlis reports on the crime.
In 2010, Rifaat was living in Mayfair, London. he is living in Avenue Foch, Paris, while trying to sell off his real estate properties.
Ion Mihai Pacepa, a general in the security forces of Communist Romania who defected to the U.S. in 1978, claimed that Rifaat al-Assad was recruited by Romanian intelligence during the Cold War. In Pacepa's 1996 novel "Red Horizons", Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaușescu is quoted as saying that Rifaat was "eating out of our hand" and went on to say: "Do I need a back channel for secret political communications? A way to inform Hafez secretly about my future discussions with Carter? Do I need to have somebody disappear in the West? Rifaat will take care of it. Now he can't do without my money." Pacepa later reasserted this allegation, describing Rifaat as "our well-paid agent" in a 2003 article in which he discussed Muammar Gaddafi, the late Libyan leader.
Personal life.
Rifaat married four times and his polygamous marriages as well as the marriages of his children have produced strong alliances and ties with prominent families and prestigious clans within Syria and the Arab Mashreq. He firstly married to one of his cousins, Amirah, from al-Qurdahah. Then, he married Sana Makhlouf, a cousin of Hafez Assad's wife, Anisa. His third spouse is a young woman from the traditional Sunni Muslim establishment, Raja Barakat. His fourth wife, Lina al-Khayyir, is from one of the most prominent Alawite families in Syria. The sister of one of his spouses is married to King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia.
Rifaat's daughter Tumadir married Muin Nassif Khayr Bek, a member of the most powerful and prestigious Alawite family. Tamadhin, another daughter, married a Makhlouf. Lama married Ala Fayyad, the son of Alawite General Shafiq Fayadh. Rifaat's eldest son, Mudar, married Maya Haydar, the daughter of the ultra-rich entrepreneur Muhammad Haydar from the prominent al-Haddadin Alawite tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="2862739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862739" title="Jim Rosenthal">
Jim Rosenthal

James "Jim" Rosenthal (born 6 November 1947) is a sports presenter on British television. In a long broadcasting career, Rosenthal has presented coverage of many sports including football, rugby, boxing and athletics. He has covered eight FIFA World Cups, three Rugby World Cups, two Olympic Games and 150 Formula One races. 
Early life.
Rosenthal was born in Oxfordshire, the son of Maud Ruth (née Levy) and Albrecht Gabriel "Albi" Rosenthal, a music scholar and book seller. His father was born in Munich, Germany, to a Jewish family. His paternal great-grandfather, Leo Olschki, founded the Leo S. Olschki Editore publishing house, and his maternal grandfather was German Jewish physician and writer Oscar Levy. In an interview in 2013, Rosenthal said that he has no strong religious beliefs and that he has never stepped inside a synagogue in his life.
Rosenthal grew up in Oxford and attended Josca's Preparatory School before going to Magdalen College School. He then joined the staff of the "Oxford Mail" and went on to work for BBC local and national radio.
Broadcasting career.
Rosenthal worked for BBC Radio Birmingham before moving to Radio 2. He worked for the BBC Radio Sports Unit between 1976 and 1980. His television career began when he joined ITV in 1980. He was part of the ITV team covering the FIFA World Cup since 1982.
In the 1980s, Rosenthal commentated on boxing matches for ITV when first-choice commentator Reg Gutteridge was otherwise engaged or unable to travel. In the 1990s, Rosenthal was a presenter of ITV's "The Big Fight Live", which reached huge nationwide audiences for boxing contests involving the likes of Nigel Benn, Chris Eubank and Naseem Hamed, then the likes of Amir Khan and Joe Calzaghe when it returned in 2005.
Rosenthal covered three Rugby World Cup campaigns for ITV, including anchoring coverage of England's victory in the 2003 final. He was the presenter of Formula One (F1) on ITV for eight years and presented over 150 Formula One races since 1997. In October 2005, it was announced that Steve Rider had been recruited by ITV from BBC Sport, to assume Rosenthal's former role for the 2006 Formula One season. 
Rosenthal instead presented ITV's Champions League football coverage, as well as their boxing output. He presented ITV4's "Champions League Live" show and the channel's live match coverage, until he was dropped in 2008 from his exclusive contract with ITV after 28 years with the channel. ITV's head of news and sport, Mark Sharman, said at the time: "Jim Rosenthal has made a magnificent contribution to ITV Sport over a long period of time but we will no longer tie him to an exclusive contract. He will be free to explore other challenges while ITV Sport will have the opportunity to make on-air changes."
Internationally, Rosenthal regularly hosted the UEFA Gala Dinner in Monaco, a football spectacular that is broadcast across the world. He has presented the live FA Cup draws for ITV and editions of BBC Radio 5 Live's "Sportsweek" show when regular presenter Garry Richardson has been on holiday. 
In 2010, Rosenthal reported for ITV Sport during the opening ceremony for the World Cup.
In September 2010, Rosenthal joined Channel 5 to front their Europa League football coverage. Rosenthal said: "I've covered many different sports throughout my career, but football has always been my first love. It's tremendous to be back covering the game at the highest level." His first appearance was on 16 September 2010 covering the game between Liverpool and Steaua Bucharest from Anfield.
In 2011, Rosenthal became the lead presenter on the boxing channel BoxNation.
Acting.
Rosenthal has tried his hand at acting in "Renford Rejects" and "Footballers' Wives".
Awards.
He has twice been named as the Royal Television Society's Sports Presenter of the Year. He was the main anchor of ITV's BAFTA winning coverage of the 2003 Rugby World Cup, which took him to Australia for the final. 
Personal life.
Rosenthal has always been a loyal supporter of his childhood home team of Oxford United. He famously wore an Oxford United hat whilst hosting the ITV coverage of the 1986 Football League Cup Final from Wembley Stadium. On 15 June 2010, Rosenthal was announced as a member of the Oxford United board of directors. He resigned on 11 September 2012.
His son Tom Rosenthal is a comedian and stars in "Friday Night Dinner", which began in February 2011 on Channel 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2862741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862741" title="Severus Sanctus Endelechius">
Severus Sanctus Endelechius

Severus Sanctus Endelechius (or Endelechus) was the writer of "De Mortibus Boum" (or "Bovum"), i.e. "On the Deaths of Cattle.
It is a poem belonging to the classical bucolic tradition, but also concerned with Christian apologetics. It mentions a cattle plague, which has been identified as rinderpest. Another title is "Carmen bucolicum de virtute signi crucis domini".
He has been identified with a rhetorician Severus who was a friend of Paulinus of Nola. He probably lived towards the end of the 4th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2862745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862745" title="Finnur Magnússon">
Finnur Magnússon

Finnur Magnússon, sometimes referred to by the Danish version of his name under which he published, Finn Magnussen or Magnusen, (27 August 1781 – 24 December 1847) was an Icelandic scholar and archaeologist who worked in Denmark.
Biography.
Finnur Magnússon was born in Skálholt, Iceland. He was the grandchild of Finnur Jónsson, Bishop of Skálholt. He claimed descent from Ári Marsson, who according to the "Landnámabók" discovered "Hvítramannaland" near Vinland.
Finnur studied law at the University of Copenhagen and returned to Iceland to work in Reykjavík, where he became a clerk in the superior court in 1806. In 1812 he returned to Denmark to study Old Norse literature and history and in 1815 became a professor of literature at Copenhagen. In 1819, he was assigned to hold lectures in Norse literature and mythology at the university and the Academy of Art. In 1823 he obtained a position at the King's private archive, and in 1829 became its head. In 1836 he earned his doctorate. He represented Iceland and the Faroes on the "Østifternes Stænderforsamling" and in 1839 was appointed to represent it on the Danish provincial advisory council ("Rådgivende provinsialstænderforsamlinger").
He was a founder member of the Icelandic Literary Society ("Hið Íslenzka Bókmenntafélag", "Det Islandske Litterære Selskab"), for ten years summarised domestic and world news for its annual publication, "Íslenzk sagnablöð", and wrote the first issue when it became "Skírnir". With Carl Christian Rafn and others, he founded the Royal Norse Ancient Writings Society ("Det Kongelige nordiske Oldskriftselskab"). He is most remembered for his translation and exposition of the "Elder Edda". His masterpiece, first published in 1824, was "Eddalæren og dens Oprindelse" (The Eddic Lore and its Origin). In it he was one of the first to put forward a Romantic, nature-mythological view of the Norse myths. For example, he regarded the valkyries as heavenly lights such as meteors and the Aurora Borealis.
He was interested in and called on for his expertise in runes, but his scholarship in this area was weaker. He declared the Dighton Rock petroglyphs in Rhode Island to be runic. He was involved in an academic controversy when he claimed to have deciphered a skaldic verse in runes on the Runamo rockface in Sweden; in 1844 the marks were shown to be natural. He also misinterpreted the Ruthwell Cross runes.
He saw no conflict between Danish and Icelandic nationalism, and regarded Danish as his second native language; while still a student he published a book of poems in Danish ("Ubetydeligheder" - Inconsequentialities, 1800), and he also wrote Icelandic poetry.
He was married in 1821 to Nicoline Frydensberg (1804–1886), born in Reykjavík, but the marriage was dissolved in 1840. In his final years he had money problems and sold Icelandic manuscripts from his collection to the Bodleian Library, the British Museum and the Advocates' Library in Edinburgh, apparently overcharging the first two. He died in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="2862750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862750" title="Varina Farms">
Varina Farms

Varina Farms, also known as Varina Plantation or Varina Farms Plantation or "Varina on the James", is a plantation established by John Rolfe on the James River about 40 miles upstream from the first settlement at Jamestown in the Virginia Colony, and across the river from Sir Thomas Dale's 1611 settlement at Henricus. 
In 1612, English colonist John Rolfe introduced the cultivation of a special strain of tobacco for export to England, which was much better-liked by the Europeans than a harsher form which grew naturally in Virginia. As his tobacco became a cash crop for the struggling colony's economy, he established a plantation estate at Varina Farms about 45 miles upstream from the first settlement at Jamestown and across the river from Sir Thomas Dale's 1611 settlement at the progressive community in Henricus. Henricus was developed as a potential replacement for the shortcomings of the Jamestown location. 
Varina Farms Plantation was named for a mild variety of the tobacco from Spain which was similar to the non-native strain Rolfe used in developing his successful product. The plantation became the home of Rolfe and his second wife, Rebecca (Pocahontas), Chief Powhatan's daughter, head of the Native American Powhatan Confederacy for two years following their marriage in 1614. It was the birthplace of their son, Thomas Rolfe in 1615.
As "Varina Plantation", an property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. At that time it included two contributing buildings and one other contributing sites.
In modern times, Varina Farm (as it is now called) is still actively cultivated as a working farm, and is privately owned. However, the site of the former town of Varina can be seen from Interstate 295 to the east just north of the Varina-Enon Bridge.
Nomenclature.
There is a common misconception that Varina was named in honor of Varina (née Howell) Davis (1826–1905), who was the wife of Confederate President Jefferson Davis. That could not be possible because Varina Howell was born more than 200 years after Rolfe established Varina Farms in 1614. During the Civil War a man by the name of A.M. Aiken owned the plantation and it was known as Aiken's Landing. However, Mrs. Davis was greatly admired in the Richmond area. It is likely that after the American Civil War, the further and wider use of the name "Varina" locally may be partially attributed to her reputation as the First Lady of the Lost Cause.

</doc>
<doc id="2862751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862751" title="Volhynians">
Volhynians

Volhynians (, ) were a north-western proto-Ukrainian tribe. They are mentioned in the Primary Chronicle. Some historians believe that the Volhynians and the Buzhans are descendants of the Dulebes, or a few historians claimed the name came from Celtic tribes known as "Bolihii" before the arrival of Slavic tribes in the 6th century. The Volyhnians lived in the region of Volhynia that covered present-day sections of eastern Poland, western Ukraine and southern Belarus. 
Their main cities were Volyn’ and Volodymyr (Volodymyr-Volynsky). According to archeological studies, the Volhynians had well-developed agriculture and various handicrafts such as blacksmithing, casting, and pottery. In 981 prince Vladimir the Great subjugated the Volhynians under Kievan Rus. At the end of 10th century, the principality of Volodymyr-Volynsky gained dominion over the lands of Volhynians, and later Roman the Great conquered Halych to create the principality of Halych-Volhynia. 
Note the term "Volhynian" was used to name the Poles or "Volen", "Polen" or "Polan", but the Poles named them "Wolyn" or "Wolhynske" in their language. The name was also used for local groups of non-Slavic peoples that lived in the historic region: Magyars as in "Vaelan Hungarians", Vlachs or "Volaches" as in "Volhynian Romanians", and "Volhynian Germans" as in "Wolenes" or "Wellanes". In Yiddish, Ashkenazi Jews residing in the area were referred to as Voliners (וואָלינערס).

</doc>
<doc id="2862752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862752" title="Matthäus Hetzenauer">
Matthäus Hetzenauer

Matthäus Hetzenauer (December 23, 1924 in Tyrol, Austria – October 3, 2004) was an Austrian sniper in the 3rd Mountain Division on the Eastern Front of the World War II, who was credited with 345 kills. His longest confirmed kill was reported at 1100 metres. Hetzenauer was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
After spending most of 1943 in basic training, Hetzenauer trained as a sniper during March - July 1944 at the "Truppenübungsplatz Seetaler-Alpe" in Steiermark, before being assigned as "Gefreiter" to the 3rd Gebirgsjäger Division. He utilised both a Karabiner 98k sniper variant with 6x telescopic sight and a Gewehr 43 with ZF4 4x telescopic sight. He saw action against Soviet forces in the Carpathians, Hungary and Slovakia.
On 6 November 1944 he suffered head trauma from artillery fire, and was awarded the Verwundeten-Abzeichen three days later.
On multiple occasions he served with fellow sniper Josef Allerberger. They were able to inflict heavy casualties on Soviet infantry.
"Gefreiter" Hetzenauer received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 17 April 1945. "Generalleutnant" and Divisions commander Paul Klatt had recommended Hetzenauer because of his numerous sniper kills, which totalled two enemy companies, without fear for his own safety under artillery fire and enemy attacks. This recommendation was approved by "General der Gebirgstruppe" Karl von Le Suire and "General der Panzertruppe" Walter Nehring.
Hetzenauer was captured by Soviet troops the following month, and served 5 years in routinely appalling conditions in a Soviet prison camp.
He died on 3 October 2004 after several years of deteriorating health.

</doc>
<doc id="2862755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862755" title="Eureka (word)">
Eureka (word)

"Eureka" is an interjection used to celebrate a discovery or invention. It is a transliteration of a word attributed to Archimedes.
Etymology.
"Eureka" comes from the Ancient Greek word εὕρηκα "heúrēka", meaning "I have found (it)", which is the first person singular perfect indicative active of the verb "heuriskō" "I find".
The accent of the English word is on the second syllable, following Latin accent rules, which require that a penult (next-to-last syllable) must be accented if it has a long vowel. In the Greek pronunciation, the first syllable has a high pitch accent, because the Ancient Greek rules of accent do not force accent to the penult unless the ultima (last syllable) has a long vowel. The long vowels in the first two syllables would sound like a double stress to English ears (as in the phrase "Maltese cat").
The initial is dropped in some European languages, including Spanish, Dutch, and English, but preserved in others, such as Finnish, Danish, and German.
Archimedes.
The exclamation 'Eureka!' is famously attributed to the ancient Greek scholar Archimedes. He reportedly proclaimed "Eureka!" when he stepped into a bath and noticed that the water level rose—he suddenly understood that the volume of water displaced must be equal to the volume of the part of his body he had submerged. (This relation is "not" what is known as Archimedes' principle—that deals with the "upthrust" experienced by a body immersed in a fluid.) He then realized that the volume of irregular objects could be measured with precision, a previously intractable problem. He is said to have been so eager to share his discovery that he leapt out of his bathtub and ran through the streets of Syracuse naked.
Archimedes' insight led to the solution of a problem posed by Hiero of Syracuse, on how to assess the purity of an irregular golden votive crown; he had given his goldsmith the pure gold to be used, and correctly suspected he had been cheated, by the goldsmith removing gold and adding the same weight of silver. Equipment for weighing objects already existed, and now that Archimedes could also measure volume, their ratio would give the object's density, an important indicator of purity. 
This story first appeared in written form in Vitruvius's books of architecture, two centuries after it supposedly took place. Some scholars have doubted the accuracy of this tale, saying among other things that the method would have required precise measurements that would have been difficult to make at the time. Galileo Galilei himself weighed in on the controversy, suggesting a design for a hydrostatic balance that could be used to compare the dry weight of an object with the weight of the same object submerged in water. For the problem posed to Archimedes, though, there is a simple method which requires no precision equipment: balance the crown against pure gold in air, and then submerge the scale with crown and gold in water to see if they still balance.
Names and mottos.
California.
The expression is also quoted as the state motto of California, referring to the momentous discovery of gold near Sutter's Mill in 1848. The California State Seal has included the word "eureka" since its original design by Robert S. Garnett in 1849; the official text from that time describing the seal states that this word's meaning applies "either to the principle involved in the admission of the State or the success of the miner at work". In 1957, the state legislature attempted to make "In God We Trust" the state motto, but this attempt did not succeed, and "Eureka" became the official motto in 1963.
The city of Eureka, California, founded in 1850, uses the California State Seal as its official seal. Eureka is a considerable distance from Sutter's Mill, but was the jumping off point of a smaller gold rush in nearby Trinity County, California in 1850. It is the largest of at least eleven remaining US cities and towns named for the exclamation, "eureka!". As a result of the extensive use of the exclamation dating from 1849, there were nearly 40 locales so named by the 1880s in a nation that had none in the 1840s. Many places, works of culture, and other objects have since been named "Eureka"; see Eureka (disambiguation) for a list.
Australia.
"Eureka" was also associated with a gold rush in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. The Eureka Stockade was a revolt in 1854 by gold miners against unjust mining license fees and a brutal administration supervising the miners. The rebellion demonstrated the refusal of the workers to be dominated by unfair government and laws. The Eureka Stockade has often been referred to as the "birth of democracy" in Australia.
Mathematics.
Another mathematician, Carl Friedrich Gauss, echoed Archimedes when in 1796 he wrote in his diary, "ΕΥΡΗΚΑ! num = Δ + Δ + Δ", referring to his discovery that any positive integer could be expressed as the sum of at most three triangular numbers. This result is now known as Gauss' Eureka theorem and is a special case of what later became known as the Fermat polygonal number theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="2862757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862757" title="Research institute">
Research institute

A research institute is an establishment endowed for doing research. Research institutes may specialize in basic research or may be oriented to applied research. Although the term often implies natural science research, there are also many research institutes in the social sciences as well, especially for sociological and historical research purposes.
Famous research institutes.
In the early medieval period, several astronomical observatories were built in the Islamic world. The first of these was the 9th-century Baghdad observatory built during the time of the Abbasid caliph al-Ma'mun, though the most famous were the 13th-century Maragheh observatory, 15th-century Ulugh Beg Observatory.
The earliest research institute in Europe was Tycho Brahe's Uraniborg complex on the island of Hven, a 16th-century astronomical laboratory set up to make highly accurate measurements of the stars. In the United States there are numerous notable research institutes including Bell Labs, The Scripps Research Institute, Beckman Institute, and SRI International. Hughes Aircraft used a research institute structure for its organizational model which makes sense given its heavy emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Research institutes in early modern Europe.
From the throes of the Scientific Revolution came the 17th century scientific academy. In France Louis XIV founded the Académie royale des sciences in 1666 which came after private academic assemblies had been created earlier in the seventeenth century to foster research. In London, the Royal Society was founded.
In the early 18th century Peter the Great established an educational-research institute to be built in his newly created imperial capital, St Petersburg. His plan combined provisions for linguistic, philosophical and scientific instruction with a separate academy in which graduates could pursue further scientific research. It was the first institution of its kind in Europe to conduct scientific research within the structure of a university. The St Petersburg Academy was established by decree on 28 January 1724.
Scientific research in twentieth century America.
Research institutes came to emerge at the beginning of the twentieth century. In 1900, at least in Europe and the United States, the scientific profession had only evolved so far as to include the theoretical implications of science and not its application. Research scientists had yet to establish a leadership in expertise. Outside of scientific circles it was generally assumed that a person in an occupation related to the sciences carried out work which was necessarily "scientific" and that the skill of the scientist did not hold any more merit than the skill of a labourer. A philosophical position on science was not thought by all researchers to be intellectually superior to applied methods. However any research on scientific application was limited by comparison. A loose definition attributed all naturally occurring phenomena to "science". The growth of scientific study stimulated a desire to reinvigorate the scientific discipline by robust research; in order to extract "pure" science from such broad categorisation.
1900–1939.
This began with research conducted autonomously away from public utility and governmental supervision. Enclaves for industrial investigations became established. These included the Rockefeller Institute, Carnegie Institution of Washington and the Institute for Advanced Study. Research was advanced in both theory and application. This was aided by substantial private donation.
1940 onwards.
The expansion of universities into the faculty of research fed into these developments as mass education produced mass scientific communities. A growing public consciousness of scientific research brought public perception to the fore in driving specific research developments. After the Second World War and the atom bomb specific research threads were followed: environmental pollution and national defense.

</doc>
<doc id="2862759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862759" title="Andrew Bishop">
Andrew Bishop

Andrew Bishop (born 7 August 1985) is a Welsh international rugby union player who plays for the Ospreys at Centre.
He was a stalwart of the Wales Under 21 Grand Slam victory in 2005. In May 2008 he was selected for the Wales' squad for the 2008 Tour of South Africa, making his debut as a substitute in the 2nd test on 14 June. Wales lost 37–21. He kept his place in the squad throughout the 2008–09 season and on 14 November, he made his first start against Canada. Wales won 34–13. He came on as a replacement in the 18th minute for Jamie Roberts in the match against the Wallabies. Critics thought this would affect Wales but Bishop held his own as Wales won 21–18, the only win that for Northern Hemisphere against one of The Big Three. Bishop then came on as a subsititute against Scotland in the Six Nations. He it was his only game time in the tournament, although he was an unused replacement against England. Bishop then started for Wales on their North America tour opener against Canada. The Welsh team were missing players due to the Lions tour and injuries but still won 32–23. Bishop then started against United States. Wales won 48–15.
On 18 January 2010 he was named in the 35 man Wales national Squad for the 2010 Six Nations tournament. He was on the bench for every game, only coming on against Ireland.
Personal life.
His brother David is also a professional rugby union player and is a Wales Under-21 international.
In August 2012 Andrew Bishop was arrested and charged with assault following a late night incident in Cardiff city centre. He was subsequently found guilty of an uprovoked assault and fined

</doc>
<doc id="2862773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862773" title="Jim Tully">
Jim Tully

Jim Tully (June 3, 1886 – June 22, 1947) was a vagabond, pugilist, and American writer. His critical and commercial success in the 1920s and 30s may qualify him as the greatest long shot in American literature.
Life.
Born near St. Marys, Ohio to James Dennis and Bridget Marie Lawler Tully, an Irish immigrant ditch-digger and his wife, Tully enjoyed a relatively happy but impoverished childhood until the death of his mother in 1892. Unable to care for him, his father sent him to an orphanage in Cincinnati. He remained there for six years. What further education he acquired came in the hobo camps, boxcars, railroad yards, and public libraries scattered across the country. Finally, weary of the road, he arrived in Kent, Ohio, where he worked as a chain maker, professional boxer, and tree surgeon. He also began to write, mostly poetry published in the local newspapers. He moved to Hollywood in 1912, when he began writing in earnest. His literary career took two distinct paths. He became one of the first reporters to cover Hollywood. As a free-lancer he was not constrained by the studios and wrote about Hollywood celebrities (including Charlie Chaplin, for whom he had worked) in ways that they did not always find agreeable. For these pieces, rather tame by current standards, he became known as the most-hated man in Hollywood—a title he relished. Less lucrative but closer to his heart were the books he wrote about his life on the road and the American underclass. He also wrote an affectionate memoir of his childhood with his extended Irish family, as well as novels on prostitution, boxing, Hollywood, and a travel book. While some of the more graphic books ran afoul of the censors, they also garnered both commercial success and critical acclaim from, among others, H.L. Mencken, George Jean Nathan, and Rupert Hughes, who wrote that Tully "has fathered the school of hard-boiled writing so zealously cultivated by Ernest Hemingway and lesser luminaries."
Tully married Florence May Bushnell on October 14, 1910 in Kent, Ohio. They had two children together: T. Alton Tully, born August 3, 1911 in Kent and daughter Trilby Jean Tully born November 13, 1918 in California. Tully later had two additional marriages, to Marna, Margaret Rider Myers in 1925, and finally to Myrtle Zwetow on June 28, 1933 in Ventura, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2862779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862779" title="François de Clermont-Tonnerre">
François de Clermont-Tonnerre

François de Clermont-Tonnerre, comte de Noyon (1629 – 15 February 1701) was a French bishop of Noyon. He was a Pair de France, counsilor of state and became president of the assembly of the clergy in 1685. He also wrote some religious works.
He replaced Barbier d'Aucour at the Académie française at was summoned to the court of Louis XIV, who wanted to amuse himself about his excessive vanity. Clermont-Tonnerre founded a prize for poetry of 3,000 Francs, whose topic was always to be an eloge on Louis XIV and his deeds.

</doc>
<doc id="2862790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862790" title="Erwin König">
Erwin König

Erwin König and Heinz Thorvald are names of an apocryphal Wehrmacht sniper allegedly killed by the Soviet sniper Vassili Zaitsev during the Battle of Stalingrad. 
König is mentioned both in Zaitsev's memoirs "Notes of a Sniper" and William Craig's 1973 non-fiction book "Enemy at the Gates: The Battle for Stalingrad".
Historical authenticity.
Zaitsev's personal account is the only source for the story. No other historical documentation exists and no second source for the events in question exists. None of the Germans mentioned by Zaitsev including König, König's daughter, or the German prisoner of war who Zaitsev says identified König have ever been identified in other records.
Zaitsev said that the duel took place over a period of three days in the ruins of Stalingrad.
The story of the Soviet discovery of König's arrival came from a German soldier who had been interrogated by the Soviet forces (as stated in Zaitsev's memoirs). Also Zaitsev claims in his memoir to have found the enemy sniper in a run-down industrial area, finding him under a sheet of scrap metal by the glint of his enemy's rifle scope. He then claims to have taken the scope as a souvenir.
In his own memoirs, Zaitsev refers to him as being a German sniper named Herr Koning (Koning is German for King, cognate to König in German), identified as the head of a sniper school in Berlin, by documents taken from his dead body. This is unconfirmed as German Heer personnel records make no mention of any German sniper called König or Koning. It was also stated by Zaitsev (see source for spelling) that the existence of König came from an unidentified German prisoner.
At the Central Armed Forces Museum in Moscow there is a rifle scope that supposedly belonged to a Wehrmacht sniper called Erwin König. In a post-war visit to Berlin, Zaitsev was allegedly confronted by a woman who told him she was König's daughter, with Soviet authorities quickly evacuating Zaitsev to avoid any confrontation.
Fictional versions.
A fictionalized account of the duel in the film "Enemy at the Gates" portrays Erwin König as the head of the Wehrmacht Sniper School. He is played by Ed Harris and is sent to Stalingrad to take on the increasingly aggressive Soviet snipers. Initially he is successful, killing four of Vasily's partners, but eventually he is outwitted by the Russian. König is depicted in fictional accounts as a ruthless Bavarian aristocrat pitted against Zaitsev. In the end of the film, he is killed at the Stalingrad train yard by Zaitsev.
American author David L. Robbins used the name of Heinz Thorvald in his 1999 novel "War of the Rats". This story portrays Thorvald (König) as an SS-Standartenführer who was originally an instructor at the Wehrmacht underground headquarters in Zossen. However, aside from a few staff officers, no SS-division fought in Stalingrad and no active sniper had such a high rank. German snipers were not employed in units but were deployed as Jägers. The Red Army, conversely, deployed snipers in large units up to battalion strength. Zaitsev was a Junior Lieutenant (мла́дший лейтена́нт) and eventually Captain (капита́н) of a Russian sniper-unit. (Photo shows German sniper using the Mauser 98k rifle with Russian PE scope mounted. This set-up was unusual but local German Waffenmeisters (amorers) of infantry battalions, did mount captured Russian optics to the standard German 98k.)
References.
Erwin Konig at Sniper Central

</doc>
<doc id="2862791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862791" title="David Shields">
David Shields

David Shields (born July 22, 1956) is an American author of nonfiction and fiction, although much of his work resists generic classification.
Life and work.
Shields, born in Los Angeles in 1956, graduated from Brown University in 1978, Honors in English Literature, "magna cum laude", Phi Beta Kappa. In 1980, he received an MFA in Fiction, with honors, from the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Shields' first novel, "Heroes", was published in 1984. From 1985 to 1988, he was a visiting assistant professor at St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York. In 1989, he published his second novel, "Dead Languages", a book about a boy who stutters so badly that he worships words. Shields' third book, "Handbook for Drowning: A Novel in Stories" (1992), marked the beginning of his shift from traditional literary fiction toward collage, the blurring of genres, essay, and autobiography. This shift continued and deepened in such books as "Remote: Reflections on Life in the Shadow of Celebrity" (1996), "Black Planet: Facing Race During an NBA Season" (1999), "Enough About You: Notes Toward the New Autobiography" (2002), and "The Thing About Life Is That One Day You'll Be Dead" (2008). Shields' next book, "" (Knopf, 2010), argues for the obliteration of distinctions between genres, the overturning of laws regarding appropriation, and the creation of new forms for a new millennium.
Shields is Milliman Distinguished Writer-in-Residence at the University of Washington. He is also a member of the faculty in the Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers. His work has been translated into twenty languages.
Shields lives in Seattle with his wife and daughter.
Work and themes.
Much of Shields' work embodies and enacts a critique of traditional categories within art and culture, such as the boundary between fiction and nonfiction; for instance, in "Reality Hunger", in which he argues for the abandonment of the traditional novelistic form because of its inadequacy in dealing with what he views as an increasingly fragmentary culture. Shields writes, "I find it very nearly impossible to read a contemporary novel that presents itself unselfconsciously as a novel, since it's not clear to me how such a book could convey what it feels like to be alive right now." In its place, he advocates "collage" forms such as the lyric essay, prose poetry, and the "anti-novel, built from scraps."
Shields' books have generally been published to wide acclaim. "Remote: Reflections on Life in the Shadow of Celebrity" received the PEN/Revson Award. "Black Planet: Facing Race During an NBA Season", a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award and PEN USA Award, was named one of 1999's ten best books of non-fiction by "Esquire", "Newsday", "Los Angeles Weekly", and Amazon.com. In "Newsday", A. O. Scott called it "one of the best books ever written on the subject of sport in America, which is to say a book that is about a great deal more than sport." "Reality Hunger" was named one of the best books of 2010 by more than thirty publications.
"Reality Hunger" was received with a polarized mixture of excitement and criticism. In the "New York Times Book Review", Luc Sante wrote that ""Reality Hunger" urgently and succinctly addresses matters that have been in the air, have relentlessly gathered momentum, and have just been waiting for someone to link them together... [Shields'] book probably heralds what will be the dominant modes in years and decades to come."
In "The New Yorker", James Wood criticized the book as being "imprecise", arguing that its privileging of "reality" over traditional fiction was "highly problematic." However, he conceded that Shields' arguments about the "tediousness and terminality of current fictional convention are well-taken."
Shields' "How Literature Saved My Life" (Knopf), was published by Knopf on February 5, 2013. In a review in "Boston Globe", Eugenia Williamson wrote, "In this wonderful, vastly entertaining book, he weaves together literary criticism, quotations, and his own fragmentary recollections to illustrate, in form and content, how art — real art, the kind that engages and reflects the world around it — has made his life meaningful as both creator and beholder."
In September 2013, the oral biography "Salinger" was published; Shields and Shane Salerno are the book's co-authors. In "The Washington Post", Louis Bayard called "Salinger" "the thorny, complicated portrait that its thorny, complicated subject deserves." In "The Sunday Times" (London), John Walsh wrote, "I predict with the utmost confidence that, after this, the world will not need another Salinger biography."

</doc>
<doc id="2862792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862792" title="Jacques Camou">
Jacques Camou

Jacques Camou (May 1, 1792 – February 8, 1868) was a French general in the armies of Emperor Napoleon III.
Biography.
Born at Sarrance in the , Camou began his military career on September 6, 1808 as a sergeant in the mountain infantry. With the troops of Napoleon I he served in the Peninsular War and in Italy. 
His military career was interrupted when the French armies were dissolved in 1815, but in 1817, he served again as a lieutenant. He participated in 1823 in the French expedition to Spain.
In 1830 he was sent to Algeria, where he would rise to the rank of Brigadier General in 1848. Four years later, he was promoted to the rank of Major General and made commander of the division of Algiers.
Subsequently, Camou commanded the 2nd Infantry Division of the Imperial Guard in the Crimean War—where he participated in the Siege of Sevastopol and in the Battle of Chernaya River in 1855—and in the Second Italian War of Independence in 1859.
In 1857, he was awarded the "" of the , and on December 30, 1863, he was made a Senator.
Legacy.
In Paris, the ' is named in honor of Jacques Camou. Until 1967, the street was called just '.

</doc>
<doc id="2862798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862798" title="Why Do Fools Fall in Love (film)">
Why Do Fools Fall in Love (film)

Why Do Fools Fall in Love is a 1998 American romantic drama, directed by Gregory Nava and released by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film is a biographical film of the brief but intense life of R&B/Rock and roll singer Frankie Lymon, lead singer of the pioneering rock and roll group Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers for one year. Moreover, the film highlights the three women in his life, each of whom claim to have married Lymon and lay claim to his estate.
Written by Tina Andrews, "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" stars Halle Berry, Vivica A. Fox, Lela Rochon, and Larenz Tate, who portrays Lymon. Little Richard also appears in the film as himself.
Plot.
Lymon was thirteen years old when the teenage group Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers erupted from radios and jukeboxes with their 1956 hit "Why Do Fools Fall in Love?" and appeared in the movie "Rock, Rock, Rock" (1956).
After "Mr. Rock and Roll" (1957), Lymon started a solo singing career, but it all fell apart. Lymon's career was over by the time he was eighteen years old, and he died of a heroin overdose seven years later.
Jumping from the 1950s to the 1960s, the film traces the rise and fall of Lymon (Larenz Tate) in a series of flashbacks as courtroom claims on Lymon's royalties are outlined by three women: Zola Taylor (Halle Berry) of the R&B group The Platters; Elizabeth Waters (Vivica A. Fox), who loves her pet dog (who Lymon kills by mistake, when it bites his hand after threatening to throw it out a window during an argument between him and Elizabeth) and who became a prostitute to cover the costs of Lymon's recovery from addiction; and schoolteacher Emira Eagle (Lela Rochon). Ending credits shows the real Frankie Lymon singing his song Goody Goody.
Little Richard also makes a courtroom appearance, while Miguel A. Nunez, Jr. portrays Little Richard in scenes set in the 1950s.
The film ends with Emira winning Frankie's estate, although Elizabeth was named the legal surviving spouse of Frankie Lymon.
Background.
The screenplay of the film, written by actress-turned-screenwriter Tina Andrews, took fifteen years to be produced. Director Gregory Nava used most of the technical staff from his prior film "Selena."
Filming locations.
Filming locations include: Jacksonville, Florida; Los Angeles, California; and Starke, Florida.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Urbanworld Film Festival, New York on August 8, 1998.
The film opened in wide release on August 28, 1998 (1,369 theaters) and sales the opening weekend were $3,946,382. "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" ran for 8 weeks domestically (66 days) and eventually grossed $12,506,676 in the United States. At its widest release the film was shown in 1,377 screens.
Marketing.
The taglines used by the producers of the film to market the film include:
Reception.
Critical response.
Roger Ebert, film critic for the "Chicago Sun-Times", was disappointed in the screenplay and ultimately Nava's direction of the film, and wrote, "There are several angles this material might have been approached from, and director Gregory Nava tries several without hitting on one that works. By the end of the film, we're not even left with anyone to root for; we realize with a little astonishment, waiting for the court verdict, that we don't care who wins."
Yet, film critic Peter Stack liked the film and believes director Nava smartly juggles a lot of elements in the picture. He wrote, ""Why Do Fools Fall in Love" is a fresh, enlightening example of how to take a tragic American show-business story and make it funny, warm and terrifically entertaining...brims with joyful spirit and raucous comedy...[and the film deftly juggles a surprising number of elements, but they all work."
Accolades.
Wins
Nominations
Soundtrack.
Two soundtrack albums were released for "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" by Warner Music Group. "Why Do Fools Fall in Love: Original Versions from the Movie", released on September 8, 1998 by Rhino Records, contained fourteen songs, including five of Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers' original recordings. Also included are original hits by Little Richard, The Platters, The Shirelles, Otis Redding and others.
"Why Do Fools Fall in Love: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture" was released on the same day as "Original Versions from the Movie", but on Warner's East West Records label. Save for one vintage Little Richard song, it features new hip-hop and contemporary R&B recordings more or less unrelated to the actual film (one track, Gina Thompson's "Why Do Fools Fall in Love", interpolates the Teenagers' hit and is featured over the end credits of the film). Primarily produced by Missy Elliott and Timbaland, this soundtrack album features songs by artists such as Elliott, Busta Rhymes, En Vogue, Destiny's Child, Coko and, making her solo debut, Spice Girls member Melanie B.

</doc>
<doc id="2862803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862803" title="Massimiliano Rosolino">
Massimiliano Rosolino

Massimiliano "Massi" Rosolino (born 11 July 1978) is an Italian swimmer.
Biography.
Born in Naples (Santa Lucia) of an Italian father, Salvatore, and Australian mother, Carolyn, he moved to Australia at the age of three, coming back to Italy at six. Rosolino declared about his beginnings as a swimmer:
I learned to float by sheer chance at the age of 4. Instead of the common arm floating bands, they made me swim with a headboard. Unfortunately it had a hole, and by the time I finally got out of the small and deep pool, the headboard had drowned... The first real swimming course I took was when I was 6 years old, and after that, lesson by lesson, I got to the pre-competition level. I always had a hard life, even though I was physically well-built, I always had to fight to become number 1, and even though I won a lot of races, I remember every race with emotion: the first regional championships, the national ones, the Young Europeans, and of course all the stomach aches I had.
In 2002 he moved back to Australia to train with coach Ian Pope at the Melbourne Vicentre Club.
Rosolino represented Italy in all of the four editions of the Olympic Games since 1996. At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, he became the second Olympic champion ever in the history of Italian swimming as he won the gold medal in the 200 m individual medley (1:58.98, then Olympic and national record). He won two more medals: a silver medal in the 400 m freestyle setting the current European record (3:43.40) behind Ian Thorpe, and a bronze medal in the 200 m freestyle (1:46.65) behind Pieter van den Hoogenband and Ian Thorpe. At the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Rosolino won a bronze medal with the Italian team in the 4×200 m freestyle relay.
Rosolino is the most successful athlete in the history of Italian swimming, with an overall count of 60 international medals. He became world champion in the 200 m individual medley at the 2001 World Championships in Fukuoka. He also won 3 silver medals and a bronze medal through 5 editions of the World Long Course Championships. He won a gold medal (4×200 m freestyle relay), 2 silver medals and 7 bronze medals at the World Short Course Championships; since 1995 he won 21 medals at the European LC Championships and 20 medals at the European Short Course Swimming Championships, becoming European champion 14 times (7 long course, 7 short course).
Personal bests.
Rosolino's personal bests are:

</doc>
<doc id="2862818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862818" title="SubStation Alpha">
SubStation Alpha

SubStation Alpha (or Sub Station Alpha), abbreviated SSA, is a subtitle file format created by CS Low (also known as Kotus) that allows for more advanced subtitles than the conventional SRT and similar formats. This format can be rendered with VSFilter in conjunction with a DirectShow-aware video player (on Microsoft Windows), or MPlayer with the SSA/ASS library. It is also the name of the popular, now discontinued tool used to edit subtitles.
This subtitle format is frequently used in anime fansubs, either to overlay subtitles onto video while it is being encoded (hardsubbing), or to store subtitle data alongside video data in a Matroska (MKV) container (softsubbing). Hardsubbing is irreversible but does not require VSFilter or other special resources for playback. Softsubbing allows the end user to choose whether subtitles will be displayed, and makes it possible to include multiple subtitle streams in the same video file.
The current version of SSA is v4.00.
There are many freeware and open source subtitling applications that support the SSA format.
Principal sections in an SSA subtitle.
A basic SSA subtitle:
Explanation.
Two exceptions:
Advanced SubStation Alpha.
Advanced SubStation Alpha (ASS) is a script for more advanced subtitles than SSA. It is technically SSA v4+. It is able to produce anything from simple texts to manual graphic editing used in karaoke. There are few programs designed to create these scripts.
The main feature of ASS is it has more specifications than normal SSA, like in styles programming.
For example, the above script changed into ASS:
Software support.
Subtitle encoding software.
Software tools to encode subtitle files into video containers (mkv, mp4, mov, ...):

</doc>
<doc id="2862839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862839" title="GWR 2301 Class">
GWR 2301 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 2301 Class or Dean Goods Class is a class of British 0-6-0 steam locomotives. 
Swindon railway works built 260 of these goods locomotives between 1883 and 1899 to a design of William Dean. The 2301 class broke with previous GWR tradition in having inside frames only and changes were made in the boiler design during the period that they were being built. The first twenty engines were originally domeless though all were provided with domed boilers in due course. They were numbered 2301–2360 and 2381–2580 (2361–2380 were of the 2361 class, which were similar visually but had outside frames).
War Service.
In 1917, 62 engines were taken over by the Railway Operating Division and sent to France. 46 of these engines returned to England in the early summer of 1919, but the other 16 had been sent on to Salonika at the beginning of 1918. Two of these engines, nos 2308 and 2542, were sold to the Ottoman (Aiden) Railways and renumbered 110 and 111. No 111 was withdrawn in September 1929, but 110 lasted until the 1950s. Of the 14 engines remaining at Salonika, six were written-off and the other eight returned to England in April 1921.
At the outbreak of the Second World War, the War Department requisitioned 100 of these engines from the GWR and the GWR had to hastily reinstate some engines that had been recently withdrawn. The requisitioned engines were fitted with Westinghouse brakes and 10 were fitted with pannier tanks and condensing gear. All were painted black with their WD numbers painted on. In December 1940, the War Department requisitioned a further 8 engines.
At the time of the German invasion of France, 79 of these engines had been shipped to France. Some of the engines were destroyed in the retreat to Dunkirk whilst the remainder were used on the French railways by the German occupation forces. After the war, between 22 and 26 engines were sent to China under UNRRA auspices, and 30 were returned to the UK, but were deemed unfit for service and scrapped. No.2435 (WD no.188) was used in Silesia and then Austria until 1948 when it was claimed by the Russians before being handed back to the Austrians in 1952. Two further engines, nos. 2419 and 2526 (WD nos. 106 and 132) The remaining engines are assumed to have been scrapped.
Of the engines that remained in England, most of them worked at War Department and Ordnance depots around the country, though in 1943, 6 were shipped to Tunisia and thence to Italy.
British Railways.
Fifty-four locomotives passed to British Railways in 1948, mostly being used on Welsh branch lines due to their light axle loads. They were progressively replaced by new BR standard class 2 2-6-0 engines, and no 2538 was the last to be withdrawn in May 1957.
Preservation.
One locomotive, no. 2516 (built 1897), survived into preservation. It is currently a static exhibit at Swindon Steam Railway Museum, with the tender displayed far behind; visitors consequently have a clear view into the driving cab (see pictures).

</doc>
<doc id="2862844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862844" title="Frazier Thomas">
Frazier Thomas

William Frazier Thomas (June 13, 1918, Rushville, Indiana - April 3, 1985, Chicago) was a Chicago television personality. While Thomas became the author of nine children's books, he was best known for creating, hosting, writing and producing the long-running children's television program "Garfield Goose and Friends" on WGN-TV.
Magic and broadcasting.
Thomas began performing as a magician at age 12 in his home town of Rushville; he was just a teenager when he wrote a book about magic. As "Thomas the Magician and Company" he performed "the Mystic Revue, a full evening of magic, mirth, music and mystery" throughout the US. By 1935, he was writing a weekly syndicated newspaper column for children about magic, at first as "Thomas the Magician" and later as Frazier Thomas. The tips and tricks Thomas covered in his column were simple enough for young readers to perform successfully. His column appeared in newspapers from 1935 to 1940. Thomas was a member of the Society of American Magicians and attended their national conferences. By 1936, Thomas had an additional interest: radio; he became the host of a summer replacement show about movies for Cincinnati radio station WLW. A year later, he interviewed Edgar Bergen and became interested enough in ventriloquilism and dummies to visit the Chicago workshop of the man who produced Charlie McCarthy.
He continued working at WLW, writing and creating his own shows: "I Cover the Movies" and "Inside Radio" and as a disk jockey for others, such as "BC Battle of the Bands". He was then teamed with Ruth Lyons for "Collect Calls From Lowenthal". Still at WLW, the pair moved to a morning radio show, "Morning Matinee" (later called "The 50 Club"), which Thomas co-hosted with Lyons for eight years. During this time he also did personal appearances with other WLW air personalities, serving as the announcer and as a magician. In 1949, he announced he would leave "Morning Matinee" to establish his own radio and television production firm. He married Ann Deeds, a commercial artist for WLW-TV, and together the couple hosted one of the station's first television shows: "Shopper's Special". Thomas then moved to Cincinnati's WKRC-TV, where he hosted his first children's program, "Meet the Little People". In 1950, Frazier and Anne Thomas were among the top local television personalities in Cincinnati. Garfield Goose made his first television appearance in Cincinnati.
In 1951, Thomas was hired by Chicago's WBKB-TV (now WBBM-TV) for an afternoon variety show initially called "The Frazier Thomas Show". He also put in some time as the host of an evening music program, "Musical Nite-cap". Thomas' afternoon show was renamed "Petticoat Party"; his announcer for it was Ray Rayner. Garfield Goose made his Chicago debut on "Petticoat Party". It was not long before the station saw that Thomas and his goose puppet were the most popular parts of the program. On September 29, 1952, Frazier and Garfield went on their own in a show called "Garfield Goose and Friend"; the show went on the air directly opposite NBC's "Howdy Doody".
This was a time of great transition in Chicago television; WBKB, which was broadcasting on Channel 4, changed its management, frequency and call letters to being owned by CBS, broadcasting on Channel 2 and now known as WBBM-TV. The new WBKB-TV was now broadcasting on Channel 7 and owned by ABC. A clause in the contract for the WBKB sale to CBS called for all programs currently on the station to remain on the air for one year after the sale. Before the transition period was over, Thomas and his goose moved to the new WBKB, now under ABC's management. One year later, in 1955, the pair found their permanent television home at WGN-TV, where they would be joined by the other characters, making it "Garfield Goose and Friends".
With the show's popularity among young viewers in the Chicago area by 1953, Thomas produced a book for them, "Garfield Goose Memory Book". Thomas told the story of Garfield Goose from his youth, including information about his family and his average day in the castle. Roy Brown illustrated the 32-page booklet, which was also intended to be used as a coloring book.
In addition to entertaining, Thomas also educated his young viewers, but never with a heavy hand. His guests were people like Dr. Lester Fisher of Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo and J. Bruce Mitchell of the Museum of Science and Industry whose visits were both fun and informative. Thomas also had a Hobby Corner feature where children would talk about and display things they were interested in.
There were also subtle moral messages when Thomas needed to explain to Garfield why something he had done or wanted to do was wrong. During the holidays, Thomas sang "Jingle Bells" in Latin, teaching the words and their meaning to his television audience. Children and their parents were invited to write for a copy of the words; it took Thomas weeks to mail all the replies. On occasion, Thomas would take his Jew's harp from his pocket and begin to play. His goose friend would respond to the music by either retreating to another part of his castle or hitting Thomas on the head with his beak. He also visited local schools to perform magic shows. The Chicago chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences did not begin awarding local Emmys until 1958; Thomas was the first winner of the award for Male Best Children's Performer, and won the award again in 1964 for his work with "Garfield Goose and Friends" and "Family Classics".
<br clear=right>
Family Classics and other work.
In 1961, WGN-TV had an extensive library of films which were suitable for family viewing, but were rarely aired. Fred Silverman, who was a WGN executive at the time, came up with an idea for putting the films to use. He wanted to air them when children and their parents could watch and enjoy them with Frazier Thomas as the show's host. Thomas agreed to host the program provided he had editing rights on the films, was able to choose them himself and also to refuse any titles he believed were not suitable for the show. A set designed by Thomas that resembled a cozy home library complete with a Roy Brown painting of Garfield Goose was built and he began his "Family Classics" weekly show on Friday evenings. "Family Classics" became so successful, it was beating many of the network programs in the Chicago market. The networks responded by purchasing new movies to air in the same time slot; this made it necessary for the program to move to Sunday afternoons. The "Family Classics" set is now part of the Museum of Broadcast Communications' collection.
Thomas also brought a movie camera on his vacations and the footage he shot became specials for the station. The Thomas family's vacation on an 85 foot schooner became "Sailing the Seas of Columbus" and their trip to England resulted in "The Legend of Arthur, the Phantom King".
By the 1970s the way Chicago children watched television had changed, and "Garfield Goose and Friends" moved to mornings on WGN. When Ned Locke, ringmaster of "Bozo's Circus" retired in 1976, Thomas was asked to become his replacement. This meant that the show would combine with "Bozo's Circus"; "Garfield Goose and Friends" last aired on September 10, 1976. Frazier's friends were off the air permanently on January 26, 1981, after changes to the Bozo program. He continued to work on the show as the circus manager and to host "Family Classics".
Death.
Thomas suffered a stroke at the WGN-TV studios on April 1, 1985 and died on April 3, 1985. He had hosted the local Easter Seals telethon the day before he was stricken. He was survived by his wife, Ann, his daughter, Kitty, and his son, Jeff. Thomas received the Chicago Academy of Television Arts and Sciences' Governors' Award for his television work posthumously in 1985. The Thomas family donated Garfield and the rest of the puppets, along with Thomas' uniform, to the Museum of Broadcast Communications. The 2500 block of West Bradley Place in Chicago in front of WGN-TV's studios is honorarily named "Frazier Thomas Place" in his memory. In 2005, the Museum of Broadcast Communications awarded WGN-TV's Studio 1 a plaque to commemorate the forty years of children's television broadcast from the studio. "Garfield Goose and Friends" with a likeness of Thomas and Garfield, is on the plaque along with Ray Rayner with "Ray Rayner and Friends" and Bob Bell and "Bozo's Circus".

</doc>
<doc id="2862847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862847" title="GWR 6100 Class">
GWR 6100 Class

The GWR 6100 Class is a class of 2-6-2T side tank steam locomotives.
History.
The class was designed by Charles Collett and introduced in 1931, and were a straightforward development of the earlier 5101 class (and for that matter the 1905 3100/5100 class). The main difference from their predecessors was an increased boiler pressure of with a consequent increase in tractive effort.
There were seventy in the class, built in two batches in 1931–1933 and 1935. They were frequently referred to by trainspotters as 'Tanner One-ers'- being a reference to their '61xx' numbering sequence using colloquial terms for a sixpence and a penny.
The class was specifically built for commuter services in the London area where they replaced the ageing 2221 class on these services. They lasted to the end of steam on the Western Region of British Railways in 1965, never straying far from their home turf. Typical duties were Paddington to Aylesbury via High Wycombe, and from the same terminus to Oxford, Windsor, Reading and Basingstoke. They were mainly shedded at Old Oak Common, Southall, Slough, Reading and Aylesbury throughout their lives. In the early 1960s, the advent of the first generation diesel multiple units made them semi-redundant though generally far from worn out. Their last few years saw them on more menial duties, as in the adjacent photograph, until scrapping.
Preservation.
One locomotive, 6106, has survived into preservation, and is at Didcot Railway Centre, though currently non-operational.
Models.
The erstwhile Kitmaster company produced an unpowered polystyrene injection moulded model kit for 00 gauge. In late 1962, the Kitmaster brand was sold by its parent company (Rosebud Dolls) to Airfix, who transferred the moulding tools to their own factory; they re-introduced some of the former Kitmaster range, including this model. The tools were subsequently sold again to Dapol who have also produced this model.
Triang also produced a powered model of 6157 in TT scale

</doc>
<doc id="2862848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862848" title="Moon Warriors">
Moon Warriors

Moon Warriors is a 1992 Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Sammo Hung, written by Alex Law and starring Andy Lau, Kenny Bee, Anita Mui and Maggie Cheung.
Plot.
Fei is a simple fisherman, who still possesses great sword-fighting prowess. He ends up foiling an assassination attempt against 13th Prince and helping him in an attempt to regain the throne from his evil brother. Yuet and Hsien appear as the prince's wife-to-be and aide, while adding their talents to the film's numerous swordplay sequences. The film ending was also a tragic situation.

</doc>
<doc id="2862852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862852" title="Bacon Grill">
Bacon Grill

Bacon Grill is a canned meat product made from chopped and cured pork (and sometimes chicken), seasoned to be similar in flavour to bacon. Manufactured in the Netherlands, it is produced by several companies, including Princes for the British market, in the style of Spam and corned beef. Bacon Grill was a standard element of rations in the British Army.
Ingredients.
The ingredients of Bacon Grill vary.
Celebrity Bacon Grill (purchased in February 2011) lists:
whereas Prince's Bacon Grill ingredients list is:
and Plumrose Bacon Grill lists:
Nutrition.
100g of Bacon Grill provides:

</doc>
<doc id="2862853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862853" title="Max Sandvoss">
Max Sandvoss

Max Sandvoss (born Stephen James Sandvoss; June 23, 1980) is an American former actor.
Life and career.
Sandvoss was born in New York City, New York. His mother, Joyce, is American-born, and his father, Rolf Herman George Sandvoss, was Swiss-born. Sandvoss's break as an actor came when he landed the role of a football star competing against Will Estes in the NBC drama series "American Dreams". His other television roles include appearances on "Dr. Vegas", "Nip/Tuck", "The Inside", "Cold Case", "E-Ring", "Grey's Anatomy" and "Miami Medical".
Sandvoss made his feature-film debut in the 2003 independent film "Latter Days". His second feature film was 2005's "Rumor Has It…", starring Jennifer Aniston, Kevin Costner, Mark Ruffalo and Shirley MacLaine.
Sandvoss was cast in the short film "Waning Moon", directed by Luca Colombo, which debuted in August 2006 at a Swiss Film Festival in Lugano.
In June 2006, Sandvoss began filming the horror film "Buried Alive", in the role of Danny. The film was released on DVD in October 2007. In late 2006, it was announced that he would reunite with director/writer C. Jay Cox in a supporting role in the film "Kiss the Bride", released in 2008.
In May 2007, Sandvoss took on the role of Mason Michael Finch in the indie film "Fling" (formerly titled "Lie to Me"), filmed on location in Kansas City, Missouri. The film had its premiere on April 26, 2008, at the Newport Beach Film Festival during the same time frame that Sandvoss was filming a pilot for the Sci-Fi Channel, "Revolution." It was announced in November, 2008 that he would appear in the independent film "Exquisite Corpse".
As of October 2013, Sandvoss had changed his first name to Max and manages a farm in East Bethany, New York, with his brother, Trystan.

</doc>
<doc id="2862854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862854" title="Tympanocentesis">
Tympanocentesis

Tympanocentesis is the drainage of fluid from the middle ear by using a small-gauge needle to puncture the tympanic membrane, also known as the eardrum.
It is sometimes referred to as a "tap" and, when conducted twice as part of a clinical trial of medication, a "double tap."

</doc>
<doc id="2862857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862857" title="Ingram Model 6">
Ingram Model 6

The Ingram Model 6 is a .45 ACP caliber submachine gun that was manufactured from 1949 through 1952 by Police Ordnance Company of Los Angeles, California. 
Overview.
Although the Model 6 has an appearance similar to the Thompson submachine gun, it was intended to be sold as a low cost alternative for domestic law enforcement agencies in the United States. Normally produced with a wood stock, pistol grip and front grip, the overall length is approximately 30" with the barrel being 9". The magazine is a "stick" design with a capacity of 30 rounds.
Variants.
A Model 7 version was made in 1952, the difference being that it was able to fire from a closed bolt and having a fire mode selector on. Only a few of these were made in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="2862864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862864" title="Grind (song)">
Grind (song)

"Grind" is a song by American rock band Alice in Chains and the lead single from their album "Alice in Chains" (1995). It serves as the opening track to the album but, despite being its first single, did not experience the radio longevity of some of its contemporaries. The song was included on the compilation albums "" (1999), "Music Bank" (1999), "Greatest Hits" (2001), and "The Essential Alice in Chains" (2006). Jerry Cantrell sings lead vocals on the song with Layne Staley harmonizing with him. To date, this is the only publicly released AIC song to use standard E-tuning. The dog on the single's cover is Sunshine the dog, who is also seen on the cover for the tripod album.
Lyrics.
"Grind" seems to address the various rumors that surrounded the band at the time. The opening lines, "In the darkest hole, you'd be well advised/Not to plan my funeral before the body dies", seem to be addressing the rumors that the band had broken up and the many rumors of vocalist Layne Staley's death that had occurred frequently around this time. In the liner notes of 1999's "Music Bank" box set collection, guitarist Jerry Cantrell said of the song:
That was pretty much at the height of publicity about canceled tours, heroin, amputations, everything, thus it was another "FUCK YOU for saying something about my life" song. Any single rumor you can imagine, I've heard. I've been dead a few times, Layne's been dead countless times and lost limbs. I get on the phone every time I hear a new one, "Hey Layne, radio in New York says you lost two more fingers." "Oh really? Cool." I'd spoof "The Six Million Dollar Man"; "Since technology's moved on it only cost us 2 million to put Layne back together and we got better parts."
Release and reception.
An early cut of the song was leaked to radio prematurely, so the band released it via satellite uplink a few days later to combat illegal versions being played in rotation. The song peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, number 18 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks and reached the top 30 in the UK. "Grind" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1996.
Editorial reviews frequently singled out the dark, compelling lyrics of the song. Jon Wiederhorn of "Rolling Stone" noted, "'Grind' shimmers and shudders beneath a web of trippy wah-wah guitar and half-distorted vocal harmonies, and features one of the album's many hook-filled choruses." Allmusic's Steve Huey regarded the song "among the band's best work" but also noted that the less refined tracks on the album make the defiance of "Grind" sound "more like denial." Regarding band rumors, Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" commented that the song advises against believing "what you may have heard and what you think you know."
Music video.
The music video for "Grind" was released in 1995. It is a live-action video. The video features the band underground of an old building where Sunshine the Dog is (who is on the cover for Tripod). It was directed by Rocky Schenck, who had previously directed the "We Die Young", "Them Bones", and "What the Hell Have I" music videos for the band. The video received heavy rotation on MTV in late 1995. The video is available on the home video releases "The Nona Tapes" and "".
Appearances in other media.
The song was released as downloadable content for the Rock Band video game series on January 12, 2010.
Cover versions.
It was later covered by alternative metal band Hurt at the Layne Staley Tribute 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2862871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862871" title="Nicola (name)">
Nicola (name)

Nicola is a Latinised version of a Greek male personal name (from the Greek "Νικόλαος") derived from "Nikos" meaning "victory," and "laos" meaning "people," therefore implying the meaning "winner of the people." The English form of the same name is Nicholas. Nicola was a frequently given male personal name among the traditional Italian nobility, and was used often in the Middle Ages.
In the UK and Germany, the male form Nicola has been used as a female name, which originally came from incorrectly presuming the name's vowel ending 'a' was the female form, as has also occurred with the male given name Andrea (also an Italian male personal name from the Greek meaning 'manly.') The female form of Nicola in Italian is Nicoletta. An excellent reference for the name form and biblical history is The Golden Legend or Lives of the Saints. Compiled by Jacobus de Voragine, Archbishop of Genoa, 1275. First Edition Published 1470.

</doc>
<doc id="2862874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862874" title="Yekaterina Peshkova">
Yekaterina Peshkova

Yekaterina Pavlovna Peshkova, née Volzhina (; 26 July 1887 – 26 March 1965) was a Soviet human rights activist and humanitarian, first wife of Maxim Gorky.
Before the October Revolution she took an active part in the work of the "Committee for Assistance to Russian Political Prisoners" (Комитет помощи русским политкаторжанам) under the leadership of Vera Figner. After 1914 she led the "Children's Commission" at the "Society for Assistance to War Victims". After 1918 she was the major activist of the "Moscow Committee of the Political Red Cross".
After 1922, she was chairwoman of the subsequent organisation the "Assistance to Political Prisoners" (Pompolit, "Помощь политическим заключенным", Помполит). She was honoured by an order of the Polish Red Cross for her participation in the exchange of prisoners of war after the Polish-Soviet War. 
During the years of Joseph Stalin's political repressions, she was often the only person who actually helped the political prisoners, passing on letters and parcels of food, and advocating the shortening of the jail terms and amnesties. Thousands of Soviet intellectuals owed their lives to her. Among them was Rabbi Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn, the sixth Rebbe of the Chabad Lubavitch chasidic movement, who was arrested and imprisoned in the Shpalernaya prison in Leningrad. His death sentence was commuted and changed twice. Finally he was released and left the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="2862888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862888" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 2000">
Rugby Borough Council election, 2000

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 4 May 2000. One third of the council seats were up for election. The council stayed under no overall control. The number of councillors for each party after the election were Labour eighteen, Conservative fourteen, Liberal Democrat nine and Independent seven.

</doc>
<doc id="2862894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862894" title="Zoya">
Zoya

Zoya () is a feminine Russian and Ukrainian first name, a variant of Zoe, meaning "life". In Arabic, it means "the gift of God". 
Related names.
Zoe, Zoey, Zoyaylia
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862895" title="Fernand Leduc">
Fernand Leduc

Fernand Leduc (4 June 1916 – 28 January 2014) was a Canadian abstract expressionist painter and a major figure in the Quebec contemporary art scene in the 1940s and 1950s. During his 50-year career, Leduc participated in many expositions in Canada and France. He was born in Viauville, Montreal, Quebec.
Biography.
In 1938 Leduc started his studies at the École des Beaux-Arts de Montréal. After graduating in 1943, he left the church and shortly after became a member of the Contemporary Arts Society. Leduc played a major role in forming the group known as the Les Automatistes, co-signing the "Refus Global" manifesto, but not contributing to the illustrated book. He moved to Paris with his wife Thérèse Renaud in 1946 and slowly distanced himself from the group. There he participated in an exhibition, called "Automatisme", at the Galerie du Luxembourg that examined the group. By late 1948, he had distanced himself from them and had joined the "Plasticiens". In Paris, Leduc developed a friendship with the painter Jean Bazaine, who was at the time producing works which could be described as abstracted landscapes. This contact was an influence on Leduc's works of the early 1950s. 
He returned from Paris in 1953. With Paul-Émile Borduas, the theoretician of the Automatist group, he was the one who maintained the closest ties with the French surrealists. Leduc moved to a type of hard-edge abstraction in 1955. He founded the Non-Figurative Artists' Association of Montréal ("Association des artistes non-figuratifs de Montréal") in 1956. He experimented at that time with various forms of spontaneous and gestural nonfigurative painting, his works gradually becoming more involved with interactions and contrast of colours. 
Leduc returned to France in 1959 and stayed there until 1970, when he came back for two years to teach in Montréal. In 1979 he was awarded the Louis-Philippe Hébert Prize and the Paul-Émile Borduas Prize in 1988.
Leduc died of cancer in Montreal on January 28, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2862908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862908" title="Cacicazgo">
Cacicazgo

Cacicazgo is a phonetic anglicized form of "Cacicazgo", the Spanish transliteration (or a derivative) of the Taíno word for the lands ruled by a cacique. [http://www.elhabanero.cubaweb.cu/servicios/espa_106.html].
Use of the term "cacicazgo".
This term is found in contexts such as ""la princesa de Cofachiqui, señora de un cacigazgo indígena""or, for example: "In November of 1493, the island of Boriquén had approximately 20 cacigazgos."[http://www.saxakali.com/caribbean/rosado.htm According to Spanish chronicles, the cacique was at the apex of a feudal structure. Bartolomé de las Casas refers to these cacigazgos as kingdoms.
Quasi-equivalence to minor kingdom.
Given the extent of the lands he ruled, a Taíno cacique was a minor prince, somewhere between an Irish king and a clan leader in Scotland, in terms of his power. Anthony Lane, in reference to the father of Pocahontas, Powhatan, equates the paramount leader of an indigenous American Nation (commonly, but less precisely, called a "tribe"), who is supreme in rank, power, or authority [http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=Paramount], to a "local king".
Extended use of the word in political context.
By extension the word is used in Latin American politics to denote the area controlled by a strong semi-permanent political leader (see Wiesheu Forster, 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="2862910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862910" title="Paul Jones (footballer, born 1967)">
Paul Jones (footballer, born 1967)

Paul Steven Jones (born 18 April 1967) is a retired Welsh international football goalkeeper. During his playing career, he played for several clubs, including Wolverhampton Wanderers, Stockport County and Southampton.
Career history.
Club career.
Born in Chirk near Wrexham, Jones started his career at Bridgnorth Town, joining Kidderminster Harriers in 1986 and then moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers for a fee of £60,000 in 1991. He only managed to play 44 games before moving on to Stockport County in 1996 where he was ever present in the 1996–97 season.
When Stockport County manager Dave Jones joined Southampton as manager, he signed Jones. He won Southampton player of the season in 1998 and earned a call up to Wales and became the number one goalkeeper. He played for Southampton in the 2003 FA Cup final against Arsenal (which was lost 1–0) coming on as substitute for the injured Antti Niemi. He was the first ever goalkeeper to make a substitute appearance in an FA Cup final.
He left Southampton in 2004, but not before joining Liverpool on loan during a goalkeeping injury crisis, thus becoming the club's oldest post-war debutant.
Jones re-joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in January 2004, but was loaned out to Watford in December of that year. In January 2006, Wolves cancelled Jones' contract by mutual consent. In February 2006, he joined Queens Park Rangers for the rest of the 2005–06 season. Due to his success at the club he was given a one-year extension to his contract that would last up until May 2007. When this contract expired Jones was released by the London club and later signed for non-league Bognor Regis Town.
International career.
Jones made his international debut against Scotland on 27 May 1997, coming on as a half-time substitute for Andy Marriott.
Jones won his 50th Welsh cap against Slovakia on 7 October 2006 but had a match to forget. Wales were beaten 5–1, their worst home result for 98 years and he was beaten from long range on three occasions. He marked the occasion with 50 shaved in his hair.

</doc>
<doc id="2862911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862911" title="Scots Dumpy">
Scots Dumpy

The Scots Dumpy is a breed of chicken from Scotland. The moniker "dumpy", meaning short and stout, refers the breed's thick-set appearance and extremely short legs. Through history they have been known under a host of names such as: Bakies, Stumpies, Dadlies, Hoodies, or Creepies. They are classed as an endangered breed by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust.
Characteristics.
The shortness of its legs is its most defining characteristic, and imparts a waddling gait to the chicken; adult birds are less than 5 centimetres (2 inches) off the ground. The birds are longer in the back and have a lower set tail than most breeds. 
There is no set colour for the Scots Dumpy, but Cuckoo, Black, and White are the most common colours. Other patterns/colours occur as sports, or are bred into the phenotype by fanciers. The breed’s standard allows for any pattern/colour that is allowed for Game Fowl to be acceptable, however colour is only worth 10% of the breeds score in competition.
They are a docile breed on the whole, but with any breed of poultry occasional males can be aggressive. Hens are good layers of light off white to tinted coloured eggs, and are said to make a good meat bird.
Origin.
The standardisation of the breed emerged from landraces in the 19th Century, though its vernacular history is much older than that. Short-legged birds have been written about in the U.K. for hundreds of years, and there is an archaeological record going back to York in the 11th Century. 
In addition to this there are several unverifiable legends regarding Scots Dumpies. One of which relates to their use as ambush alarms by the Celts and Picts, and the claim that it was the bird’s superior hearing that led to them hearing attackers responses to stepping on thistles that led to thistles being adopted as a Scottish emblem. Other tales tell of them being trained to crow by the hour, day or night.
Scotch Dumpies were first shown in London in 1852. It has been one of the rarest British breeds since the late 1800s. Other references to short-legged birds can go back to Columella where he states he does not approve of dwarf fowls. However, a common reference date of 1678 (as found in the British Poultry Standards) is almost certainly erroneous as this refers to Grigs in John Ray's "The ornithology of Francis Willughby". These Grigs were bantam rather than dwarf fowl.
Originally the Scots Dumpy would have been Crofters/Cotters fowl, and its trait of having extremely short legs would have had benefit in naturally restricting the birds free-ranging around the homestead. Other benefits conveyed by this are the ease of catching, and given that the birds exercise less the flesh on older birds is less well toned and thus more succulent and tender. As Crofters/Cotters fowl they would have a threefold role; to provide eggs, meat, and eat any spillage which would otherwise attract vermin. Their success in foraging for spillage and other food sources to a sufficient level to deliver both eggs and meat would be intrinsic to their success in their niche.
Creeper Fowl.
The Scots Dumpy is regarded as being related to other European Creeper Fowl, such as the German Krüper, the French Courtes-Pattes, and the Danish Luttehøns. It significantly differs from these in having a heavier bone structure, and red earlobes (even though it lays a white to tinted egg). However, references to earlobe colour in the mid 19th century relate Scots Dumpys having full white earlobes.
The short-legged nature of Creeper Fowl is determined by a single (heterozygous) dominant instance of the creeper Cp allele, which has a dwarfing effect on the legs and wings. Unfortunately, two instances (homozygous) of this dominant allele are lethal. Therefore, and short legged creeper fowl will have one instance of the Cp allele and a matching non-dwarfing recessive cp allele. 
When breeding this gives rise to a differential outcome. Where two short legged creepers are bred together the arithmetic of the allele combination will result in 50% Cpcp (short legged creepers), 25% cpcp (normal legged creepers) and 25% CpCp (which have the self-terminating lethal combination). The nature of the lethality is that the chicks die in the shell prior to hatching. To avoid a predetermined 25% dead in the shell occurrence a long legged bird can be crossed with a short legged bird. This will give rise to a 50% split in short legged and normal legged offspring.
The dwarf nature of the legs does not appear to have any actual disadvantages to the birds in their native context, and flocks have been known to survive with natural selection situations where normal supposition would presume that the long legged offspring would have more advantages for survival.

</doc>
<doc id="2862913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862913" title="Myelin basic protein">
Myelin basic protein

Myelin basic protein (MBP) is a protein believed to be important in the process of myelination of nerves in the nervous system. The myelin sheath is a multi-layered membrane, unique to the nervous system, that functions as an insulator to greatly increase the velocity of axonal impulse conduction. MBP maintains the correct structure of myelin, interacting with the lipids in the myelin membrane.
MBP was initially sequenced in 1971 after isolation from myelin membranes. Since that time, knockout mice deficient in MBP that showed decreased amounts of CNS myelination and a progressive disorder characterized by tremors, seizures, and early death have been developed. The human gene for MBP is on chromosome 18; the protein localizes to the CNS and to various cells of the hematopoietic system.
The pool of MBP in the central nervous system is very diverse, with several splice variants being expressed and a large number of post-translational modifications on the protein, which include phosphorylation, methylation, deamidation, and citrullination. These forms differ by the presence or the absence of short (10 to 20 residues) peptides in various internal locations in the sequence. In general, the major form of MBP is a protein of about 18.5 Kd (170 residues).
In melanocytic cell types, MBP gene expression may be regulated by MITF.
Function.
The protein encoded by the classic MBP gene is a major constituent of the myelin sheath of oligodendrocytes and Schwann cells in the nervous system. However, MBP-related transcripts are also present in the bone marrow and the immune system. These mRNAs arise from the long MBP gene (otherwise called "Golli-MBP") that contains 3 additional exons located upstream of the classic MBP exons. Alternative splicing from the Golli and the MBP transcription start sites gives rise to 2 sets of MBP-related transcripts and gene products. The Golli mRNAs contain 3 exons unique to Golli-MBP, spliced in-frame to 1 or more MBP exons. They encode hybrid proteins that have N-terminal Golli aa sequence linked to MBP aa sequence. The second family of transcripts contain only MBP exons and produce the well-characterized myelin basic proteins. This complex gene structure is conserved among species, suggesting that the MBP transcription unit is an integral part of the Golli transcription unit and that this arrangement is important for the function and/or regulation of these genes.
Role in disease.
Interest in MBP has centered on its role in demyelinating diseases, in particular, multiple sclerosis (MS). Several studies have shown a role for antibodies against MBP in the pathogenesis of MS. Some studies have linked a genetic predisposition to MS to the MBP gene, though a majority have not.
Some recent works have shown that inoculating an animal with MBP to generate an immune response against it increases blood–brain barrier permeability.
A targeted immune response to MBP has been researched in lethal rabies infection. The inoculation of MBP generates increases the permeability of the blood–brain barrier (BBB), allowing immune cells to enter the brain, the primary site of rabies virus replication. In a study of mice infected with Silver-haired bat rabies virus (SHBRV), the mortality rate of mice treated with MBP improved 20%-30% over the untreated control group. It is significant to note that healthy uninfected mice treated with MBP showed an increase in mortality rate between 0% and 40%.
A "molecular mimicry" hypothesis of multiple sclerosis has been suggested, in which T cells are, in essence, confusing MBP with human herpesvirus-6. Researchers in the United States created a synthetic peptide with a sequence identical to that of an HHV-6 peptide. They were able to show that T cells were activated by this peptide. These activated T cells also recognized and initiated an immune response against a synthetically created peptide sequence that is identical to part of human MBP. During their research, they found that the levels of these cross-reactive T cells are significantly elevated in multiple sclerosis patients.
Interactions.
Myelin basic protein has been shown to interact "in vivo" with Proteolipid protein 1, and "in vitro" with Calmodulin, Actin, Tropomyosin, Tubulin, Clathrin, 2',3'-Cyclic-nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase and multiple molecules of the Immune system.

</doc>
<doc id="2862917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862917" title="Sullivan's Hollow, Mississippi">
Sullivan's Hollow, Mississippi

Sullivan's Hollow is a small unincorporated community near Mize, Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="2862921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862921" title="Nycteridae">
Nycteridae

Nycteridae is the family of slit-faced or hollow-faced bats. They are grouped in a single genus, Nycteris. The bats are found in East Malaysia, Indonesia and many parts of Africa.
They are small bats, from 4 to 8 cm in body length, and with grey, brown, or reddish fur. A long slit runs down the centre of their faces from between the eyes to the nostrils, and probably assists in echolocation. They have large ears, and a complex nose-leaf. Their tail ends in a T-shape, formed from cartilage, a feature that is unique among mammals. Their dental formula is: 
Slit-faced bats roost in caves, trees, and buildings, typically in fairly small colonies. Some even roost in animal burrows, such as those of hedgehogs or porcupines. They eat insects, and some terrestrial invertebrates, such as spiders and small scorpions. At least one species, the Large Slit-Faced Bat, even catches vertebrate prey, such as frogs and small birds.
The echolocation calls of slit-faced bats are relatively quiet and short in duration, and they seem to target their prey by hearing the sounds it produces, rather than by sonar. They give birth once or twice each year.
Classification.
Most sources report 13 species. However 16 have been described. Those of indeterminate status are marked with "?" in the list below.
FAMILY NYCTERIDAE
References.
References in Borneo.
Abdullah MT. 2003. Biogeography and variation of "Cynopterus brachyotis" in Southeast Asia. PhD thesis. The University of Queensland, St Lucia, Australia.
Corbet, GB, Hill JE. 1992. The mammals of the Indomalayan region: a systematic review. Oxford University Press, Oxford.
Hall LS, Gordon G. Grigg, Craig Moritz, Besar Ketol, Isa Sait, Wahab Marni and M.T. Abdullah. 2004. Biogeography of fruit bats in Southeast Asia. Sarawak Museum Journal LX(81):191-284.
Karim, C., A.A. Tuen and M.T. Abdullah. 2004. Mammals. Sarawak Museum Journal Special
Issue No. 6. 80: 221—234.
Mohd. Azlan J., Ibnu Maryanto, Agus P. Kartono and M.T. Abdullah. 2003 Diversity, Relative
Abundance and Conservation of Chiropterans in Kayan Mentarang National Park, East
Kalimantan, Indonesia. Sarawak Museum Journal 79: 251-265.
Hall LS, Richards GC, Abdullah MT. 2002. The bats of Niah National Park, Sarawak. Sarawak Museum Journal. 78: 255-282.
Wilson DE, Reeder DM. 2005. Mammal species of the world. Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="2862927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862927" title="Washout (comics)">
Washout (comics)

Washout (John Lopez) was a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Universe of comics. The character first appeared in a one-page cameo in "X-Force" vol. 1 #129 before being given a larger role in the "Weapon X" series. 
Fictional character biography.
Young John was a chronic child bed-wetter, until he discovered that he had the mutant ability to generate a spurt of water from his body on touch. Having no friends and no family, John wanted to try his luck at an audition to join the new media-savvy X-Force team. Taking on the codename Washout, John competed in a contest but was not recruited. 
Soon after, John was approached by Malcolm Colcord to join the Weapon X project. Accepting the offer, Washout underwent a process that enhanced his mutant ability to the point where Washout had the ability to transform his body into water, project high pressure jets of water from his arms, shape the water into any form, and even manipulate or siphon off the water within another person's body. However, the process had a severe side effect in that Washout's powers now gradually began to dehydrate him.
The more frequently he used them, the closer he would come to killing himself. His body was slowing cracking apart. Washout found out about these side effects and joined fellow Weapon X agent Brent Jackson in a conspiracy against the Director. They later started to work with Nathan Summers/Soldier X' Underground movement.
Washout helped the Underground infiltrate the Weapon X compound by temporarily shutting down the power. At the same time he attacked and attempted to kill the Director. He caused the water within the Director's body to boil, but the side effects from his powers caused Washout to die before he could finish off the Director.
Washout's remains were taken by Mister Sinister. 
Powers and abilities.
He is a hydromorph, able to transform himself into a watery substance that he can release as pressurized sprays, engulf and drown his opponents, harmlessly absorb impacts, or shape all or part of his body into tangible, water-based forms, manipulate other bodies of water, and explode someone from within using their body fluids.
Other media.
Television.
A caucasian version of Washout appears in "Wolverine and the X-Men" episode, "Greetings from Genosha".

</doc>
<doc id="2862931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862931" title="Pat Kiernan">
Pat Kiernan

Patrick "Pat" Kiernan (born November 20, 1968) is a Canadian-born American television host, appearing as the morning news anchor of NY1 since 1997. He is widely known in New York City for his "In the Papers" feature, in which he summarizes the colorful content in New York City's daily newspapers, replete with his deadpan humor. Kiernan has also hosted game shows and appeared in films and on television either as himself or as a reporter.
Career.
Kiernan began his news career in 1988 at CKRA-FM in Edmonton while a business student at the University of Alberta. He later made a transition from radio to television at Edmonton's CFRN News. In 1993, he moved to another Edmonton television station, CITV, where he produced the weekday primetime newscast. Kiernan moved to New York City three years later to work for Time Warner, where he soon became the morning anchor of NY1. Kiernan is usually on air from 5 AM until 10 AM, weekdays. He was on air on the morning of the September 11th terrorist attacks, and remained on air for nearly 15 hours that day. Kiernan also serves as a correspondent for Business News Network in Canada. From 2000 to 2004, Kiernan was the co-anchor of the "CNNfn" program "The Money Gang." His co-hosts included Christine Romans and two fellow Canadians, Amanda Lang and Ali Velshi. In 2008, Kiernan created "Pat's Papers", a website curation of his favorite stories from newspapers across the United States.
In January 2014, Kiernan added an afternoon job to his long-running morning routine, joining WABC (AM) Radio to host a 5 pm weeknight news/talk show recapping the events of the day in and around New York City.
Kiernan has appeared in cameos as himself or as a reporter in such films as "The Interpreter" (2005), "Night at the Museum" (2006), "True North (film)" (2006), "The Son of No One" (2011), and "Iron Man 3" (2013). He has been featured in publications including "New York Magazine" ("Morning Star", February 5, 2001), and the "New York Post" ("Dream Job: Pat Kiernan", October 3, 2005) and the "" (episode "Rispetto"; 2011).
On March 7, 2012, Kiernan served as co-host with Kelly Ripa on "Live! with Kelly". The appearance came nearly a year after a "New York Magazine" article in which he declared his interest in the soon-to-be-vacant job because it was a "rare intersection" of his knowledge of New York City and his passion for pop culture. The "New York Daily News" covered the March 7 program with a minute-by-minute live blog.
In 2013, Canada's Report on Business Magazine named Kiernan one of the "16 Canadians We Want Back."
Game Shows.
Kiernan has also hosted several game shows, all produced by Michael Davies: "Studio 7", which aired on The WB Television Network in the summer of 2004; two seasons of "The World Series of Pop Culture", which began airing on VH1 July 10, 2006, and July 9, 2007 respectively. He served as the off-screen "questioner" of the US version of "Grand Slam", which premiered on GSN on August 4, 2007.
In May 2013 Kiernan joined "Crowd Rules" as one of the two co-hosts on the small business competition series. The ratings for the series fell below expectations and CNBC has yet to air six of the eight episodes initially produced.
Personal life.
Kiernan was married to Dawn Lerohl on June 4, 1994. They moved to Manhattan in 1996 and are citizens of both the United States and Canada. They used to reside on the Upper West Side but in April 2012 Kiernan purchased a $2 million luxury townhouse in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. They have two children, Lucy (October 27, 2001) and Maeve (July 12, 2004).
Filmography.
All roles are credited as himself, unless otherwise noted

</doc>
<doc id="2862935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862935" title="Helsingin normaalilyseo">
Helsingin normaalilyseo

Helsingin normaalilyseo (Finnish for "Normal Lyceum of Helsinki") is a school in Helsinki, Finland, consisting of the upper part of primary school ("peruskoulun yläaste", grades 7 to 9) and secondary school ("lukio").
Unlike most other schools in Helsinki, the school is not owned by the city of Helsinki, but is instead part of the University of Helsinki, which itself is owned directly by the state of Finland. The school is considered one of the most prestigious. It is the third hardest to get into, in the entire country, after Ressun Lukio and SYK.
The established nickname for the school is "Norssi", which also means a student of the school. Former students who have graduated from the school are called "vanha Norssi" (Finnish for "old Norssi"). The school has a constant, good-natured rivalry with Ressun lukio (Ressu Upper Secondary School, previously known as "Helsingin reaalilyseo") and Helsingin Suomalainen Yhteiskoulu which are considered even more prestigious than the Normal Lyceum.
History.
The Helsinki normal lyceum was initially conceived in the autumn of 1867, when Finnish-speaking classes were added to the Swedish normal lyceum of Helsinki. Because of linguistic political reasons, the Finnish classes were ordered to be discontinued in 1871, but the Finnish schooling continued directly in a privately owned Helsinki Finnish Primary School. In the autumn of 1878, the Primary School moved to a newly built school building at Ratakatu 2 in Punavuori, Helsinki.
In 1887, the Primary School became state-owned and was named the Helsinki Finnish Normal Lyceum. The school went through several name changes until finally becoming the Helsinki Normal Lyceum on January 1, 1995.
The school operated at Ratakatu 2 from 1887 to 1905 until it moved to a new building at Ratakatu 4 (nowadays Ratakatu 6). In the spring of 2006 teaching started again in the old school building at Ratakatu 6a, which has been completely renovated and modernized. At the same time a phased renovation of the school building at Ratakatu 6b started. Currently the teaching takes place at Ratakatu 6a and in some parts of Ratakatu 6b.
Trivia.
Right next to the school was a disused gas station, which was used as the scenery for the fictional café ""Wanha Bensis"" in the Finnish drama series "Kotikatu".

</doc>
<doc id="2862940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862940" title="Action on Smoking and Health">
Action on Smoking and Health

Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) is the name of a number of autonomous pressure groups/charities throughout the world which seek to publicise the risks associated with tobacco smoking and campaigns for greater restrictions on cigarette and tobacco sales.
Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) was formed in 1967 by John F. Banzhaf III, and a distinguished body of physicians, attorneys and other prominent citizens who saw the need for an organization to represent nonsmokers’ rights. Over the years, ASH has taken the lead on a variety of initiatives to counter the deaths and economic burden imposed by the tobacco industry.
ASH has a long history of advocacy, education and legal initiatives in the fight against tobacco. ASH has fought for health in courts, before legislative bodies and regulatory agencies, as well as international agencies such as the United Nations and the World Health Organization.
ASH’s work and the work of its allies has spanned more than 40 years. Since the release of the original Surgeon General Report on smoking in January 1964, the global initiative for the prevention of tobacco-related damages has made enormous progress—and ASH has played a major role in achieving this progress.
ASH’s actions have led to significant progress, including:
ASH (United Kingdom).
History.
ASH was established in 1971 by the Royal College of Physicians following the UK Government refusing to act on the College's demand for laws to reduce tobacco use. Former health minister, John Dunwoody, became its first director. Its present-day board of trustees reflects its continued support from the medical establishment as it is composed largely of doctors.
ASH was awarded a WHO World No Tobacco Day award in May 2011 and the 2012 Luther L Terry Award for "Outstanding Organization" by the American Cancer Society in December 2011.
Its current Chief Executive, appointed in 2003, is Deborah Arnott. She was appointed Honorary Associate Professor Division of Epidemiology and Public Health University of Nottingham in 2011 and won the 2007 Alwyn Smith Prize awarded annually by the UK Faculty of Public Health to the person judged to have made the most outstanding contribution to the health of the public. She is the sister of Jake Arnott.
ASH provides the secretariat of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Smoking and Health.
Funding.
ASH is a charity, describing itself as a "campaigning public health charity that works to eliminate the harm caused by tobacco".
Its funding for its core campaigning programme comes from the British Heart Foundation and Cancer Research UK. It has also received funding from the Department of Health under its Section 64 grant programme, which is earmarked for specific projects to further DH's public health objectives, and is unavailable for more general campaigning purposes.
Campaigns.
ASH tries to influence policy on a variety of issues including taxation and smuggling, health inequalities, harm reduction, and smoking and young people. It also works on denouncing the activities of the tobacco industry to undermine public health policies. The organisation has published several reports on the subject.
In February 2006, ASH won its campaign for legislation which created comprehensive smoke-free workplace regulation, introduced in England on 1 July 2007. The smoke-free regulations included all pubs, bars and private members' clubs, as well as cafés, restaurants, and enclosed workplaces. A similar smoke-free law had already come into force in Scotland in March 2006, and Northern Ireland and Wales followed in April 2007.
The Health Act 2009 provides for removal of vending machines for tobacco products (implemented in October 2011) and for the prohibition of the display of tobacco products at the point of sale in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. In March 2011, the Government committed to implement the point of sale legislation in England in large shops from April 2012 and in smaller shops from April 2015. It also committed to a public consultation on plain packaging in early 2012. These are all measures that ASH is supporting and encouraging.
ASH coordinates the Smokefree Action Coalition, the umbrella group for organisations working to reduce the harm caused by tobacco.
ASH is also a member of the World Health Organisation's Framework Convention Alliance on Tobacco Control.
Membership.
ASH covers the whole of the UK and encourages supporters to get involved in the organisation's work, or just lend financial support. ASH Northern Ireland, ASH Scotland and ASH Wales are separate organisations.
ASH Wales.
ASH Wales was established in 1976 as a branch of ASH UK. In 2007 ASH Wales became an independent
company limited by guarantee and a charity registered in Wales.
ASH Wales is a public-health charity engaged in a variety of projects including campaigning for tobacco-control public-health policy, research, training, educational workshops, advocacy, and support.
The organisation is the only one in Wales with the sole task of tackling the ill health caused by tobacco use. The organisation’s main aim is to achieve a reduction in, and eventual elimination of, the health problems associated with tobacco use.
ASH Scotland.
ASH Scotland is the leading charity campaigning for effective tobacco control legislation in Scotland.
ASH Scotland was set up in 1973 under the auspices of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh. It became a separate national organisation in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2862946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862946" title="Swansea City Centre">
Swansea City Centre

Swansea city centre in Swansea, Wales, contains the main shopping, leisure and nightlife district in Swansea. The city centre covers much of the Castle ward including the area around Oxford Street, Castle Square, and the Quadrant Shopping Centre; Alexandra Road, High Street, Wind Street and the Castle; Parc Tawe; and the Maritime Quarter extending down to the seafront.
History.
Swansea's early 18th century industrial development shaped the development of today's city centre. However, the heart of the city centre was bombed severely in 1941 in what is now termed the "Three Nights Blitz". Forty one acres of the city centre and 857 premises were destroyed beyond repair. Many local businesses had to be relocated just outside of the area of devastation. The small area of Georgian streets around the Old Town Hall (now the Dylan Thomas Centre) and later buildings including the former Head Post Office on Wind Street, Swansea Harbour Trust Office (now Morgans Hotel), the Castle cinema and the Carlton Cinema on Oxford Street (now a Waterstone’s bookshop) are rare survivors of the former streets and buildings.
The bombing necessitated the complete rebuilding of the city centre, a task which fell upon the county borough of Swansea. Preliminary plans were drawn up in 1943, a Compulsory Purchase order was obtained in 1946 and reconstruction work began in 1947. The reconstruction task took over thirty years to accomplish. 
The new centre was planned on a grid-pattern of roads including the main thoroughfares of Kingsway, Princess Way, West Way and Oystermouth Road. At the time of the initial post-war rebuilding, the River Tawe riverfront and the South Dock (now the Maritime Quarter) were still port and industrial areas, separated from the commercial district
by railway viaducts and roads. With the old shopping centre around High Street flattened, Swansea's main shopping district was rebuilt around the new Kingsway.
Redevelopment continued into the 1980s, including the construction of the Quadrant Shopping Centre, St. David's Shopping Centre, County Hall, Parc Tawe and the demolition of railway viaducts at Victoria Road. These developments reinforced the city centre as a largely retail centre with only limited office accommodation and housing. In recent years, a greater mix of uses has been encouraged in the city centre with the regeneration of the Maritime Quarter, Wind Street and Salubrious Place, the opening of the National Waterfront Museum and the refurbishment of Swansea Leisure Centre.
Economy.
Swansea city centre provides about 24,000 jobs, or about 18% of jobs in the wider urban area. This is a low figure when compared to many other UK cities, which often have around a quarter, a third or even more of their employment in the city centre. Retail, hotel and restaurant jobs are strongly represented in Swansea city centre, and there is a growing finance and business services sector, but much of the employment that would normally be found in a city centre has instead been located in outer areas of Swansea.
Retail.
The city centre currently features of comparison goods floorspace (clothing, furniture, electrical goods etc.) and of convenience goods floorspace (food and groceries). According to an analysis cited in the City Centre Strategic Framework, Swansea is the eighteenth largest retail centre in the UK, relatively large for its population. However, the general quality, range and size of city centre shops is poor, so Swansea is usually ranked outside the top 50 retail centres in the UK on various industry listings. The poor retail performance is believed to be the result of several factors, including poor urban design, lack of recent development and competition from out-of-town shops at Fforestfach and Morfa.
Offices.
Swansea city centre is not a major office location, although there are office premises including the BT Tower near Swansea Castle, Oldway House/Alexandra House on High Street/Alexandra Road and the JobCentre Plus building near the St. David's Shopping Centre. In 2002, there was of office space in the city centre as a whole, and in the retail core. Relatively low rents, generally less than £86 per m2 (£8 per sq. ft), underline the weakness of the city centre office market. However, an additional is planned at SA1 Swansea Waterfront, adjacent to the city centre, and rents of £140 per m2 (£13 per sq. ft) have been achieved here. The City Centre Strategic Framework notes that this demonstrates that a commercially-viable office market can eventually be developed in Swansea city centre.
Areas.
Swansea Market/Quadrant Centre vicinity.
Swansea Market, the Quadrant Shopping Centre and the St. David's Shopping Centre are situated in the middle of the city centre. The Quadrant Centre opened in the late 1970s and dominated by chain stores. It includes an adjacent multi-storey car park that opens directly into Debenhams on one floor. Swansea bus station is located on the western side of the centre, and Swansea Grand Theatre is next door to the station on Singleton Street. A Tesco superstore is located immediately south-east of the Quadrant.
High Street.
High Street was once the main shopping street in Swansea and formed the central axis of the shopping centre. It was completely destroyed in World War II. Leaving just a few buildings standing gutted including half of the now demolished Woolworth Building, the Elysium Cinema building, the New Castle Buildings and smaller stores to the northern end including the historical Bush Inn.
The High Street has a large indoor arcade filled with small local business including a Cafe (Arcade Cafe) a crafty shop, a hair extensions shop, a barbers, Army surplus store, A sewing training store, an clothing alterations shop, kids clothing shop (which used to be 2nds clothing)
Swansea Castle is to be found at the southern end of the street. Opposite the castle is the Castle Square. Towards the northern end is Swansea railway station and the Swansea Grand Hotel. The stretch between the castle and railway station is dominated by local retailers, discount retailers and a few pubs, restaurants, fast-food outlets and 2 of Swansea's gay bars, Pulse and The Kings. The street becomes mainly residential, north of the railway station. In this residential stretch, there is one wedged shaped building on the corner with Prince of Wales Street. This is the Palace theatre, the venue where Anthony Hopkins staged his first professional performance, the oldest theatre in Wales, one of only 2 remaining purpose built music halls left in the United Kingdom and the first place in Wales to screen a moving picture. It was once used as a nightclub but is now mostly derelict.
The Kingsway.
Until the development of Wind Street as a nightlife zone, the Kingsway was the centre of night life in Swansea. While many of the bars have shut down due to competition from Wind Street bars, the largest night clubs in Swansea are still located here. Apart from the night life venues, The Kingsway has a number of banks, shops, fast food outlets and branch of the YMCA. Swansea's former main Post Office was located on this road too but recently moved to WH Smith inside the Quadrant Shopping Centre about away.
In 2006, the Kingsway was re-engineered to become a one-way street for cars. The southern traffic lanes are now dedicated two way bus lanes developed in conjunction with the First Cymru's new Swansea Metro bus route. At the eastern end of the Kingsway was a large roundabout incorporating a pedestrian subway. The subway has now been filled in and the roundabout replaced with a traffic light crossroad and wider pedestrian walkways.
Oxford Street.
Oxford Street is the main shopping street in Swansea which includes major retailers such as Marks and Spencer, Next and BHS. The eastern end of the street, close to Castle Square, is pedestrianised and dominated by chain stores. The western end features mass-market/down-market multiple stores and links to two arcades of very small independent retailers. Further west, the street enters the Sandfields area and is mainly residential. Street markets are held on Oxford Street, Princess Way and Castle Square over Christmas.
Wind Street/Salubrious Place.
Wind Street () has a name which nowadays means different things in the two languages. The local English pronunciation has shifted from Street (i.e. with a meaning matching the Welsh name) to Street (which doesn't). Wind Street was once a haunt of the poet Dylan Thomas and location of the covered alleyway 'Salubrious Passage'. It became a backwater in the second half of the 20th century when the commercial centre of Swansea shifted. It boasts the highest concentration of listed buildings in Swansea. Following redevelopment at the beginning of the 21st century it is now known for its pubs, bars, clubs and restaurants, including the No-Sign Wine Bar and The Olde Cross Keys pub. 2007 saw the completion of the development of the street's lower, south-eastern end as 'Salubrious Place', including an Aspers Casino, a Vue Cinema, a Premier Inn hotel, parking and additional eating and drinking venues.
During the Second World War, the pubs of Wind Street saw the visit of a young star-to-be. A group of American GIs stationed in Swansea entered the Adelphi pub. An Australian soldier also stationed in Swansea saw this and proceeded to taunt the young GI, who was drinking milk, that he was not strong enough to drink alcohol. Unfortunately for him he had picked on the young Rocky Marciano who went on to become one the world's greatest heavyweight boxers. Rocky floored him with one punch. Marciano himself confirmed this story.
Princess Way.
Princess Way () links Kingsway Circle to the north with Oystermouth Road to the south. The northern section of the street is fully pedestrianised and is fronted with shops. The southern section is fronted with pubs, restaurants and offices and has a Travelodge hotel, a Vue cinema and Aspers casino. The central portion of Princess Way opens onto two town squares. 
Castle Square links Princess Way with Castle Street. Castle Square is a concreted square that slopes upwards towards steps to Swansea Castle to the east forming an amphitheatre-like space. It has grass verges and a few trees on its sides, and two fountains. The square is faced to the south by Caer Street which is lined with shops in buildings with a mock Tudor facade. In July 2008, a new permanent BBC TV big screen was constructed on the southern corner of Castle Square, which will show BBC coverage of Beijing 2008 and London 2012 as well as local content.
St. Mary's Square links Princess Way with Whitewalls. St. Mary's Church sits in the middle of the square. It is fronted by the Quadrant Centre to the east; a clothes shop to the north; and offices and shops to the south.
Parc Tawe.
Parc Tawe is an area on the west bank of the River Tawe in the Lower Swansea valley. The area includes several "out-of-town" style stores and entertainment units. There are car parking spaces in this area, but at peak periods it is subject to traffic congestion. A highly visible building is the Plantasia - a large triangular tropical plant house. Entertainments in the area include a 10 screen cinema and a ten pin bowling alley.
Alexandra Road vicinity.
Alexandra Road is in an area to the north of the city centre at the foot of Townhill. It is home to a campus Swansea Metropolitan University which has several premises in the area. The arts wing of the institute, is located in a building that once housed the Dynevor Secondary school. The Glynn Vivian Art Gallery is located here as is Swansea Central police station is located here in a new building on the site that was once occupied by a fire station. It was relocated from an older building that stood on the corner of Orchard Street/Alexandra Road. The building next to the old police station, opposite the Glynn Vivian gallery once housed the old library, which has now been relocated to the Civic Centre. Both the old police station and library have been converted into student flats for students of Swansea Metropolitan University. The BBC has two radio studios, a newsroom and general office at 32 Alexandra Road. It sub-lets part of its former building from the University of Wales Trinity Saint David which now owns the building. The Swansea Magistrates Court is located opposite of the police station. The Mount Pleasant Baptist Church sits in the far south of the area on the Kingsway.
Entry and exit roads.
St Helen's Road and Oystermouth Road.
St Helens Road is the main route to the city centre from the south west of Swansea. The south side of the street is dominated by fast food outlets, restaurants, ethnic grocery stores and ethnic restaurants. Bryn-y-mor Road links to St. Helen's where many student bars and more restaurants can be found. The north side of the street has a number of solicitors and health centres. The road continues past the Guildhall and connects with Oystermouth Road. Oystermouth Road begins near the Leisure Centre and separates the shopping area of the city centre with the Maritime Quarter. It contiunues along the coast of Swansea Bay towards Mumbles. The north of the road has a number of Bed and Breakfast establishments near the city centre area.
Walter Road.
Walter Road is the main route from the city centre to the west, including the Uplands district. Most of the road is lined with substantial three storey town houses, many of which have been converted for use by small professional practices like accountants, solicitors, estate agents, civil engineers and surveyors. A few properties are still residential, nearly all divided into flats and bedsits.
The side streets around Walter Road are mainly residential, with mostly three bedroomed properties, mainly occupied by families. A number of properties have been converted into bedsits for use by students of Swansea University south of Walter Road and Swansea Metropolitan University north of Walter Road.
Carmarthen Road.
Carmarthen Road is a dual carriageway stretch of the A483 which runs NW from the Dyfatty traffic junction in the city centre. Carmarthen Road has a mix of developments including residential, retail and commercial parks and industrial units.
Fabian Way.
Fabian Way, a stretch of the A483, departs the city centre to the east. It bypasses St. Thomas and Port Tennant to the north; and Swansea Docks and the SA1 Swansea Waterfront development to the south. It continues through Crymlyn Burrows where it connects with the M4 Motorway at the Earlswood junction (M4 Junction 42). This is considered as the main gateway to the city centre from the east, because of the connection to the M4 and Neath Port Talbot.
Plans.
In January 2007, developers Hammerson and Urban Splash were chosen for a £1 billion redevelopment of the city centre. The two developers previously collaborated on Birmingham's Bullring development. The plan by architects BDP, includes more than of additional retail space; 1,000 homes; new leisure, office, hotel and conference facilities; and a "European Boulevard" incorporating Oystermouth Road and Quay Parade. 
The former David Evans department store has been replaced with a new development incorporating five stores trading over two floors, providing of retail space. Zara, Slater's Menswear and JT Morgan have signed up for the scheme. In late 2011 The Gym Group opened a gym on the first floor of the development. 
In December 2008, the Council sought expressions of interest from contractors for the redevelopment of the Quadrant bus station. The Council said that it hopes to award the contract in May 2009, with work starting soon after. The project was planned to take around 15 months to complete. The new bus station duly opened on 6 December 2010, though with many finishing touches not added until early 2011.
Transport.
The city centre is served by buses at the Swansea bus station and by trains at Swansea railway station at the northern end of High Street. Additional bus stops are located on the Kingsway and on St. Mary's Square. A single bus rapid transit route marketed as "Swansea Metro" runs through the centre.
There are three Park and Ride sites with dedicated buses serving the city centre, all operated by First Cymru:
A fourth Park and Ride site is planned for the south of Swansea with the proposed site located in Blackpill serving both the city centre and Mumbles.

</doc>
<doc id="2862949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862949" title="Norssi">
Norssi

Norssi is the informal name of various schools in Finland:

</doc>
<doc id="2862955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862955" title="Ronald Fairbairn">
Ronald Fairbairn

William Ronald Dodds Fairbairn (11 August 1889 – 31 December 1964) was a Scottish psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and a central figure in the development of the object relations theory of psychoanalysis.
Life.
Ronald Fairbairn was born in Edinburgh in 1889. He was educated at Merchiston Castle School and at Edinburgh University where he studied for three years in Divinity and Hellenic Greek studies. He served with General Allenby in the Palestinian campaign, and when he returned he undertook medical training. He also taught psychology and practiced analysis. 
On the basis of his writings he became an associate member of the British Psychoanalytical Society in 1931, becoming a full member in 1939. Fairbairn, though somewhat isolated in that he spent his entire career in Edinburgh, had a profound influence on British object relations and the relational schools. Fairbairn was one of the theory-builders for the Middle Group (now called the Independent Group) psychoanalysts. The Independent Group contained analysts who identified with neither the Kleinians nor the Anna Freudians. They were more concerned with the relationships between people than with the “drives” within them. 
Fairbairn, who died in Edinburgh at the age of 75, was the father of Sir Nicholas Fairbairn, QC (24 December 1933 – 19 February 1995), a British politician.
Work.
Fairbairn's works include: "Psychoanalytical Studies of the Personality" (1952) and "From Instinct to Self: Selected Papers of W. R. D. Fairbairn" (1994). There is also a biography by John D. Sutherland, "Fairbairn’s Journey into the Interior" (1989), a study of his work by James Grotstein and R. B. Rinsley, "Fairbairn and the Origins of Object Relations" (1994), and an edited study by Neil J. Skolnik and David E. Scharff, "Fairbairn Then and Now" (1998).
Psychoanalytical Studies of Personality (1952).
"Psychoanalytical Studies of Personality" (1952) is a collection of papers previously published in different reviews. The book is divided into three parts, the first being mostly theoretical, the second one clinical, and the third one concerning more general problems. The first four articles contain the largest body of the most innovative Fairbairn concepts. The table of contents entails:
Innovative concepts.
The object-seeking libido.
One of the most important contributions of Fairbairn to the psychoanalytic paradigm is proposing an alternative viewpoint regarding the libido. Whereas Freud assumed that the libido is pleasure seeking, Fairbairn thought of the libido as object seeking. That is, he thought that the libido is not primarily aimed at pleasure, but at making relationships with others. The first connections a child makes are with his parents. Through diverse forms of contact between the child and his parents, a bond between them is formed. When the bond is formed, the child becomes strongly attached to his parents. This early relationship shapes the emotional life of the child in such a strong way that it determines the emotional experiences that the child will have later on in life, because the early libidinal objects become the prototypes for all later experience of connection with others.
Internal object relations.
Fairbairn states that the object relations a child has very early on in life become the child’s prototypes for all later experiences regarding connections with others. The internal object relation describes a relation which exists in the person's mind. In the normal situation, healthy parenting results in a child with an outward orientation towards real people, who can give real contact and exchange. When the needs of the child are not met by the parents (e.g. dependency needs and the need for affirmative interactions) a pathological turning away from external reality takes place. Instead of actual exchange with others, fantasised, private presences are established, the so-called internal objects. To these internal objects the child relates in fantasised connections, the internal object relations.
The splitting of the ego.
Fairbairn envisioned the child with largely unavailable parents as differentiating between the responsive aspects of the parents (the good object) and the unresponsive aspects (the unsatisfying object). The child internalizes the unresponsive aspects of the parents and fantasizes those features as being a part of him, because they are not available in reality. This defense mechanism is known as "splitting of the ego", where the good and the bad parts of the parents are kept apart, and where there is no possibility to feel ambivalence. For example, when a mother is depressed and denies this, her child is unable to connect completely to her. Therefore, the child identifies itself with this denied part of the parent, and becomes depressed too.

</doc>
<doc id="2862960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862960" title="Charles Collett">
Charles Collett

Charles Benjamin Collett (10 September 1871 - 5 April 1952) was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Great Western Railway from 1922 to 1941. He designed (amongst others) the GWR's 4-6-0 Castle and King Class express passenger locomotives.
Career.
Collett's predecessor, George Jackson Churchward had delivered to the GWR from Swindon a series of class leading and innovative locomotives, and arguably by the early 1920s the Great Western‘s 2-cylinder and 4-cylinder 4-6-0 designs were substantially superior to the locomotives of the other railway groupings. 
In 1922 Churchward retired, and Collett inherited a legacy of excellent standardised designs. But, with costs rising and revenues falling, there was a need to rationalise the number of pre-grouping designs and to develop more powerful locomotives. Collett was a practical development engineer and he took Churchward's designs and developed them - the Hall from the Saint class, and the Castle from the Star. He was also responsible for more humble locomotives, such as many of the pannier tank classes.
In 1926, something bigger than the Castle class was required to haul heavy expresses at an average speed of . General Manager Sir Felix Pole told Collett to proceed with the design and construction of a "Super-Castle". The result was the King class 4-6-0 design which emerged from Swindon works in June 1927, designed to the maximum loading gauge allowed by the GWR's broad gauge legacy. The locomotive had dimensions never previously seen, and represented the ultimate development of Churchward's four cylinder concept. It was the heaviest (), and had the highest tractive effort (40,300 lbs.) of any 4-6-0 locomotive ever to run in the United Kingdom. Because of its scale, though, the King class was restricted to a limited number of the major GWR routes. In 1931, using the same maximum loading-gauge theory, Collett designed the GWR Super Saloons for use of the boat train services from London to Plymouth.
Legacy.
Collett has received criticism by contemporary engineers and later railway historians for undertaking very little innovation in his designs, instead sticking with Churchward's style in every case. Arguably this meant that by the time Collett retired the superiority of Great Western locomotives was lost to more modern designs, particularly those of William Stanier, who worked at Swindon before moving to the LMS in 1932, and took Churchward's style with him but developed it in line with the progression in steam technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2862969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862969" title="Kairali TV">
Kairali TV

Kairali TV is an Indian television channel broadcasting in Malayalam language. The channel, headquartered at Trivandrum, has studio facilities at Trivandrum as well as Kochi. "Malayalam Communications Limited" is the holding company which is chaired by Malayalam film actor Mammootty. John Brittas is the Managing Director.
Other television channels by Malayalam Communications.
People TV is another television channel owned by Kairali, that caters regional news and current affairs. WE TV has started transmission on April 14 of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2862970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862970" title="Asianet Communications">
Asianet Communications

Asianet Communications Limited (ACL) is an Indian media conglomerate owned by STAR India. Formed in 1991 by Reji Menon and Sashi Kumar and headquartered in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, the company owns several television channels, including Asianet (1993), the first privately owned satellite channel broadcasting in Malayalam. Other television channels under Asianet Communications include Asianet Plus, Asianet Middle East, Asianet Sitara, Asianet Suvarna, Suvarna Plus and Asianet Movies. 
Asianet Communications was completely acquired by STAR India in the early 2010s. Asianet News (formerly Asianet Global) and Asianet Suvarna News 24×7 channels are not a part of the STAR India owned Asianet Communications Limited, but comes under the Asianet News Network (ANN) wing of the Jupiter Media.
Asianet Communications Limited's television channels reach the homes of Indians in over 60 countries worldwide including the Indian sub-continent, China, South East Asia, Middle East, Europe, USA and the lower half of the former Soviet Union.
History.
Asianet Communications Limited was originally incorporated as a private limited company named “Asianet Communications Private Limited” in New Delhi on March 5, 1991. The company began operations in 1991 with the promotion of Asianet, the group's flagship Malayalam language television channel . At the time, satellite television broadcasting in India was at its nascent stage. Asianet Communications Limited undertook the cable distribution of the channel as its own wholly owned subsidiary, ensuring maximum coverage across Kerala.
Asianet commenced operations by the end of 1992 and started transmission by August 1993, at a time when the only Malayalam language television channel available was the government-owned Doordarshan. The channel had hired a transponder on the Russian Ekran satellite, with an up-link from the USSR. Later, the company hired a transponder on the Rimsat satellite, and shifted the up-link to Subic Bay in the Philippines and then to Manila. Initially, the transmission time was only three hours per day which was gradually increased to 12 hours per day by the end of 1994 and later to round the clock broadcasting. In early 1995, the uplink was shifted to Singapore where it attained full operational status. With a change in the broadcasting policies of the Government of India, Asianet started an up-link from Chennai through VSNL. From July 15, 2002, Asianet had its own earth station at the Asianet Studio Complex in Puliyarakonam, Thiruvananthapuram. Over the course of more than two decades of operations, Asianet has developed its own in-house production facilities and now has full-fledged production studios in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode.
In 2003, the franchise started a second channel 'Asianet Global' targeting the huge expatriate Malayalee population in the Middle East region. The channel was relaunched as Asianet News signifying an increased focus on news and current affairs in accordance with viewers' demands. On 23 July 2005 Asianet launched its third channel Asianet Plus, a complete entertainment channel. Recently, the franchise has started rolling out channels in other south Indian languages like Kannada (Asianet Suvarna) and Telugu (Asianet Sitara).
The registered office of the company was shifted to Chennai on December 3, 1997. Asianet Communications Limited's majority share was then acquired by Jupiter Media and Entertainment Venture. In 2008, STAR India became a majority shareholder in Asianet Communications Limited. In July 2012, Asianet, launched Asianet Movies, the first Malayalam satellite TV movie channel.
Today, Asianet Communications Limited ( employs more than 4000 personnel and its channels have a viewership of over 40 million, making it one of the largest media conglomerates in south India. Asianet, Asianet Suvarna, Asianet Movies and Asianet Plus are available in over 60 countries worldwide including the Indian sub-continent, China, South East Asia, Middle East, Europe, USA and the lower half of the former Soviet Union.
Asianet and its popularity.
Asianet is ACL's flagship channel and is one of the most popular among Malayalam-language channels. Asianet is a general entertainment channel with programmes in a wide variety of genres including Malayalam-language movies, soaps, reality shows, talk shows, news programmes, travel shows and music-based shows. While programming is mainly targeted at family audiences, there are several programmes aimed towards specific target audiences such as shows for children, teenagers, young working professionals and elders. The channel also hosts and broadcasts the Asianet Film Awards and Asianet TV Awards.
Besides its large viewership base among Malayalam-speaking people in Kerala and other regions of India, Asianet enjoys huge popularity among Malayalee expatriate populations outside India, especially in the Middle East. Further catering to the region's huge Malayalee population, Asianet operates a Malayalam-language radio station "Asianet Radio 657 AM & 1269 AM" from the city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The radio channel is also available in the neighbouring Arab countries of Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain.
The channel also broadcasts a successful musical talent reality contest - "Idea Star Singer". Sponsored by telecom company Idea Cellular, the show is one of the most popular shows of its type in south India ans is currently in its sixth season.
Other channels.
The group's third channel "Asianet Plus" was launched in August 2005 and is a youth-oriented entertainment channel. 
Launched on 25 March 2010, "Asianet Middle East" is a 24-hr entertainment channel exclusively dedicated to Malayalee expatriates in the Middle East.
Further catering to the region's huge Malayalee population, Asianet operates a radio station "Asianet Radio 657 AM" from the city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The radio channel is also available in the neighbouring Arab countries of Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain.
Currently available in the Trichur and Kannur districts of Kerala, "Best FM 95" is ACL's Malayalam-language radio station in Kerala. Programming schedule and content is completely different from that of Asianet Radio 657 AM & 1269 AM.
Suvarna is ACL's Kannada-language channel, aimed at the Kannada-speaking population in the south Indian state of Karnataka and neighbouring regions. Launched with the tag line "24 carat manoranjane", the channel airs soap operas, talk shows, news programmes, and game shows. One of the most popular among its programmes is the Kannada version of the hit music talent show Idea Star Singer - "Confident Star Singer".
Sitara is ACL's Telugu-language channel, aimed at the Telugu-speaking population in the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring regions. The channel was launched in October 2009 and is the newest member of ACL's television network. 
The group's third Kannada-language channel. Its genre is similar to Asianet Plus.
This is the first Malayalam language movie channel.
Subsidiaries and former group companies.
Asianet Satellite Communications Limited (ASCL) owns Asianet Communications Limited's cable channels (like Asianet Cable Vision) and the internet service provider Asianet Data Line. Though promoted as a cable distributor by Asianet Communications Limited in 1992 as its wholly owned subsidiary, ASCL is not a part of Asianet Communications Limited at present. In 1994, Asianet divested 50% of its holding in favour of Hathway Investments. In May 1999, the company decided to exit from ASCL and sold off its balance holding to Hathway Group.
Asianet FZ LLC, Dubai, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Asianet and owns a majority stake in Asianet USA LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="2862975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862975" title="Informatik">
Informatik

Informatik formerly known as Informätik is an electro-industrial/futurepop duo from Boston that was formed in 1993 and is represented by Metropolis Records in the US and Dependent Records in Europe. Band members currently reside in San Francisco area. Singer David Charles Spiegelman artist name Da5id Din has a solo project called din fiv.
Tyler Newman has a number of additional projects, including Battery Cage and AEC, and was also a member of Stromkern.
Both members are vegans and yoga practitioners, but do drink alcoholic beverages.

</doc>
<doc id="2862980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862980" title="Gülşah Akkaya">
Gülşah Akkaya

Gülşah Akkaya (born October 6, 1977) is a Turkish professional woman basketball player in forward position. The 1.81 m (5' 11½") tall national player is a top scorer.
Akkaya started playing basketball at the age of 13. She debuted in Deniz Nakliyat and then transferred to Fenerbahçe İstanbul where she played in 1995-96 season. In 1997, she moved to the USA and played in the American NCAA with the Lynn University team in two seasons until 1999. She still ranks 4th with an average of 23.8 points in the all time list of single season points per season for her time being at Boca Raton, Florida.
After Akkaya returned home and was with Fenerbahçe İstanbul in the season 1999-00, she transferred to the Greek club Panserraikos in Thessaloniki for 2002-03 season and became top scorer with 204 points. In 2003, Akkaya played in YES Ramat HaSharon club in Ramat HaSharon, Israel. She helped her team win the championship by scoring a basket at the latest second. Returned to Turkey in 2003, Akkaya played for Erdemirspor in Zonguldak.
Akkaya participated at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain with the Turkish national team, which won a gold medal.
She was top scorer in Turkish Women's Basketball League with her average of 22.0 points in 25 games in the 2004-05 season.
She also played for Beşiktaş for the 2005-06 season. That year she played in the league finals with Beşiktaş. For 2006-2007 season she returned to Mersin B.B. sports club and played with an average of 17.0 points per game and help Mersin to play in playoffs. She also played for Galatasaray in the 2007-08 season.
She was member of Spanish club El Cadi La Seu D'Urgell sports club for the 2008-09 season. She played for Samsun B.K. between 2009 and 2011.
Akkaya played in the national team that won the silber medal at the EuroBasket Women 2011 championship held in Poland.
During the 2011-12 season, Gülşah played for TED Ankara Kolejliler. By the start of the season 2012-13, she was transferred to Canik, after playing half of the season with Canik, Gülşah returned to Beşiktaş in January 2013, and played with 12,4 points and 4,3 rebounds for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862991" title="Michael Balint">
Michael Balint

Michael Balint or Bálint Mihály (3 December 1896 in Budapest – 31 December 1970 in Bristol) was a Hungarian psychoanalyst who spent most of his adult life in England. He was a proponent of the Object Relations school.
Life.
Balint was born Mihály Maurice Bergmann, the son of a practising physician in Budapest. It was against his father's will that he changed his name to Bálint Mihály. He also changed religion, from Judaism to Unitarian Christianity. During World War I Bálint served at the front, first in Russia, then in the Dolomites. He completed his medical studies in Budapest in 1918. On the recommendation of his future wife, Alice Székely-Kovács, Bálint read Sigmund Freud's "Drei Abhandlungen zur Sexualtheorie" (1905) and "Totem und Tabu". He also began attending the lectures of Sándor Ferenczi, who in 1919 became the world's first university professor of psychoanalysis. 
Bálint married Alice Székely-Kovács and about 1920 the couple moved to Berlin, where Bálint worked in the biochemical laboratory of Otto Heinrich Warburg (1883–1970), who won the Nobel Prize in 1931. His wife worked in a folklore museum. Bálint now worked on his doctorate in biochemistry, while also working half time at the Berlin Institute of psychoanalysis. Both he and his wife Alice in this period were educated in psychoanalysis.
In 1924 the Bálints returned to Budapest, where he soon assumed a leading role in Hungarian psychoanalysis. During the 1930s the political conditions in Hungary made the teaching of psychotherapy practically impossible, and they emigrated to London in 1938, settling in Manchester, England, in early 1939, where Bálint became Clinical Director of the Child Guidance Clinic. Here Alice died, leaving Bálint with their son John. In 1944 Bálint remarried, but the relationship soon ended, although they were not divorced until 1952. In 1945 his parents, about to be arrested by the Nazis in Hungary, committed suicide. That year Bálint moved from Manchester to London, where he was attached to the Tavistock Clinic and began learning about group work from W.R. Bion; he also obtained the Master of Science degree in psychology.
In 1949 Bálint met Enid Flora Eichholz (1903-1994), who worked in the Tavistock Institute of Human Relations with a group of social workers and psychologists on the idea of investigating marital problems. Michael Balint became the leader of this group and together they developed what is now known as the "Balint group": a group of physicians sharing the problems of general practice, focussing on the responses of the doctors to their patients; the first group of practising physicians was established in 1950. Michael and Enid married in 1958. In 1968 Balint became president of the British Psychoanalytical Society. 
The Michael-Balint-Institut für Psychoanalyse, Psychotherapie und analytische Kinder- und Jugendlichen- Psychotherapie in Hamburg is named for him.
The three stages.
Balint 'took an early interest in the mother-infant relationship...a key paper on "Primary Object-Love" dates from 1937'. Thereafter, developing an idea of John Rickman, he argued that 'mental function is quite different, and needs to be described differently, in three-person and two-person relationships, and different in creative activity alone'. Lacan wrote (almost approvingly) that 'Michael Balint has analysed in a thoroughly penetrating way the intricate interaction of theory and technique in the genesis of a new conception of analysis... the catchphrase, borrowed from Rickman, of a "two-body psychology"'. On that basis, Balint thereafter explored the idea of what he called '"the basic fault": this was that there was often the experience in the early two-person relationship that something was wrong or missing, and this carried over into the Oedipal period (age 2-5)'.
By 1968, then, Balint had 'distinguished three levels of experience, each with its particular ways of relating, its own ways of thinking, and its own appropriate therapeutic procedures'.
'Psychoanalysis begins at level 3 - the level at which a person is capable of a three-sided experience...primarily the Oedipal problems between self, mother, and father'. By contrast, 'the area of the Basic Fault is characterised by a very peculiar exclusively two-person relationship'; while a 'third area is characterised by the fact that there are no external objects in it' - level number 1.
'Therapeutic failure is attributed by Balint to the analyst's inability to "click in" to the mute needs of the patient who has descended to the level of the basic fault'; and he maintained that 'the basic fault can only be overcome if the patient is allowed to regress to a state of oral dependence on the analyst...and experience a new beginning'.
Focal psychotherapy.
Along with his wife, Enid Balint, and Paul H. Ornstein, Balint developed a process of brief psychotherapy he termed "focal psychotherapy", in which 'one specific problem presented by the patient is chosen as the focus of interpretation'. The therapy was carefully targeted around that key area to avoid (in part) the risk that 'the focal therapy would have degenerated into long-term psychotherapy or psychoanalysis'. Here as a rule interpretation remained 'entirely on the whole-person adult level...it was the intention to reduce the intensity of the feelings in the therapeutic relationship'.
In accordance with the thinking of other members of 'what is known as the "British independent" perspective...such as W. R. D. Fairbairn and D. W. Winnicott', great stress was laid upon the creative role of the patient in focal therapy: 'To our minds, an "independent discovery" by the patient has the greatest dynamic power'.
It has been suggested that it was in fact this 'work of Michael Balint and his colleagues which led to time-limited therapies being rediscovered'.
Balint groups.
'Michael Balint part of the independent tradition in British psychoanalysis, [was influential in setting up groups (now known as "Balint groups") for medical doctors to discuss psychodynamic factors in relation to patients'. " Instead of repeating futile investigations of increasing complexity and cost, and then telling these people there was nothing wrong with them, Balint taught active search for causes of anxiety and unhappiness, and treatment by remedial education aiming at insight, rather than tablets aiming at suppression of symptoms." Such seminars provided opportunities for GPs 'to discuss with each other and with him aspects of their work with patients for which they had previously felt ill equipped. Since his death the continuance of this work has been assured by the formation of the Balint Society'.

</doc>
<doc id="2862992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862992" title="Albert E. Kahn">
Albert E. Kahn

Albert Eugene Kahn (May 11, 1912 – September 15, 1979) was an American journalist, photographer, author and nephew of modernist industrial architect Albert Kahn. Albert E. Kahn's father, Moritz Kahn, was senior engineer in the firm who set up the Kahn brothers Soviet Union operation in conjunction with Gosproekstroi.
Early life and education.
Kahn was born in London, England to an affluent politically conservative Jewish family. Educated in the United States, he attended Phillips Exeter Academy and Dartmouth College, where he was a star athlete. His education exposed him to Shakespeare, and later in life he said that it was the study of "King Lear" that first awakened in him a sense of injustice. He was Dartmouth Class Poet, graduating in 1932. Married in 1934, he and the former Harriet Warner moved to California, where Kahn tried unsuccessfully to become a Hollywood screenwriter.
Political leanings.
After the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War, Kahn agreed to lead an ambulance tour to raise medical relief funds for Loyalist forces fighting against the fascist-supported Franco rebellion. On the tour, Kahn spoke to audiences ranging from the wealthy to the unemployed. It was the height of the Depression and Kahn was deeply affected by the widespread deprivation that he saw. Communists and socialists organized many of the speaking events and impressed Kahn with their idealism. After completing the tour in 1938, he joined the Communist Party of the United States.
With no employment prospects, Kahn accepted a job at Albert Kahn, Inc., but his political activism quickly caused a rupture. A talented orator, he began giving anti-fascist speeches. As he shared his name with his prominent uncle, the publicity caused consternation at the firm. Their concern was heightened by the reality that Henry Ford was the company's largest client, and Ford was engaged in business in Nazi Germany. In a meeting with his uncle and father, the younger Kahn was given a choice: Stop speaking publicly, or resign. He chose the latter option.
He was the American Labor Party candidate in the 1948 elections for New York's 25th congressional district.
Anti-Nazi journalism.
Almost immediately Kahn was offered a position as Executive Director of the newly formed American Council Against Nazi Propaganda. Working for a Board of Directors including Helen Keller, Condé Nast, John Gunther, former Ambassador William E. Dodd, and Thomas Mann, Kahn founded "The Hour", a syndicated newsletter. In that capacity he engaged in investigative journalism to expose Nazi espionage, sabotage and propaganda operations in the United States. He also investigated the activities of American fascist and pro-fascist groups such as the German-American Bund. "The Hour's" revelations were widely used in printed media, by radio commentators such as Walter Winchell, and by the War Department, Justice Department and the Office of War Information.
Books.
Material obtained by "The Hour" became the foundation for Kahn's first best-selling book, "Sabotage! The Secret War Against America" (1942), co-authored with Michael Sayers. Plans by "Reader's Digest" to print excerpts from the book resulted in the first notations by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover in Kahn's FBI file: "Can nothing be done to stop this?"
Kahn and Sayers also collaborated on "The Plot Against The Peace" (1945) and "The Great Conspiracy: The Secret War Against Soviet Russia" (1946), an international bestseller. In the latter, on the Moscow purge trials, the authors accepted as valid the charges of treason against former Soviet leaders, and the underlying allegation of plots to overthrow the Soviet state, assassinate Lenin, Stalin, Gorky, and others.
Kahn, an outspoken opponent of the Cold War, was blacklisted from mainstream publishing in the late 1940s. Using pre-sales of books to leftist trade unions, he wrote and published "High Treason: The Plot Against the People" (Lear, 1950), a post-1917 political history of the United States, and "The Game of Death: Effects of the Cold War on Our Children" (C&K, 1953).
Cameron and Kahn.
In the early 1950s, Kahn and Angus Cameron, an eminent Little, Brown editor who had recently been blacklisted, formed the publishing firm Cameron & Kahn. In 1955 the firm published "False Witness", the confession of former Communist and paid government witness, Harvey Matusow, that he had repeatedly lied under oath. Matusow's announced confession caused a sensation, and the government's response to pending publication of the book was to subpoena Kahn, Cameron and Matusow to appear before a federal grand jury. The publishers were accused of bribing Matusow to falsely assert that he had committed perjury on behalf of the government. After months of hearings and thousands of pages of testimony, the grand jury declined to issue indictments against Cameron or Kahn.
Simultaneously with the grand jury proceedings, Kahn, Cameron and Matusow were subpoenaed to testify before the United States Senate Internal Security Subcommittee, chaired by the Mississippi senator, James Eastland. The purpose of the hearings was to determine whether publication of "False Witness" was the result of a Communist conspiracy to have Matusow lie in admitting perjury, rather than to assess the origin and consequences of Matusow's admitted perjury.
Kahn's version of the story of the book's publication and its aftermath was written by Kahn in the late 1950s, but not published until 1987, eight years after his death ("The Matusow Affair", Moyer Bell).
Other books published by Cameron and Kahn included "The testament of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg", "Seeds of destruction; the truth about the U.S. occupation of Germany " by Cedric Belfrage and "The ecstasy of Owen Muir" by Ring Lardner.
Breaking the blacklist.
During the 1950s, Kahn had his passport revoked for refusing to sign the required affidavit stating whether or not he was or had ever been a member of the Communist Party, a requirement ruled unconstitutional by the United States Supreme Court in a case involving noted painter and Kahn friend, Rockwell Kent.
Kahn broke the blacklist in 1962 with publication by Simon & Schuster of the critically acclaimed "Days With Ulanova", an intimate portrait of the fabled Bolshoi ballerina. On another trip to Moscow, Kahn met with Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev in the Kremlin and proposed collaboration with him on the Soviet leader's autobiography. Khrushchev agreed, but was forced from office before the project was launched. Other Kahn books included "Smetana and the Beetles" (Random House, 1967), a satire of the defection of Stalin's daughter; "Joys and Sorrows" (Simon & Schuster, 1970), Pablo Casals' memoir as told to Kahn; and "The Unholy Hymnal" (Simon & Schuster, 1971), a satirical expose of the Credibility Gap of the Johnson and Nixon administrations.
Personal beliefs.
Albert E. Kahn was an outspoken critic of the Cold War, the McCarthy era, and the Vietnam War. A communist, he described himself as a "radical in the tradition of Jack London". During a period when many were intimidated by government efforts to suppress dissent, Kahn actively sought ways to communicate his views to the public at large. "As far as I was concerned, I was acting in the American tradition of Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine and the framers of the Constitution", Kahn said in an interview shortly before his death. "The idea of any government telling me that I owe unequivocal allegiance to it is the most repugnant thing on earth."
Allegations of Soviet spying.
After his death, speculation developed as to whether Kahn had served Soviet intelligence. In 1946 the San Francisco KGB suggested that Kahn be recruited into Soviet espionage. Kahn requested that Julia Older, who worked in the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), obtain information. Elizabeth Bentley stated in her deposition to the FBI that Kahn had furnished information directly to Jacob Golos and herself in 1942 on immigrant Ukrainians hostile to the Soviet Union. During that period, the Soviet Union was an ally of the United States in the war against Nazi Germany. Ukrainian nationalist and pro-fascist organizations were considered by the American government as allies of the Germans, and at the time Kahn shared his investigative findings with the FBI and American military intelligence. Venona project researchers John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr speculate Kahn may be code name "Fighter", as referenced in Venona decypt # 247 San Francisco to Moscow, 14 June 1946.
In September 1958, Kahn was called for the final time to testify before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee. One witness, Fedor Mansvetov, testified that he knew Kahn to be a Soviet spy because "he is following party line" by not referring to East European countries as "satellites". Kahn submitted an affidavit with the committee which charged that "witnesses at your hearings have been repeatedly encouraged to bandy about...grotesque accusations", and included a challenge:
"If I could sue your committee for defamation of character and interference with my work, I would. It might be a good lesson for you. Perhaps you will advise me whether each of your committee members is willing to waive his congressional immunity and assume full personal responsibility for spreading the charges made against me by your witnesses at this hearing. Perhaps just one of you –let us say Senator Eastland –will repeat in public and without congressional immunity the accusation that I am a spy. There seems a peculiar aptness to that popular American saying, 'Put up or shut up.'"
None of the Senators paid attention to his offer, and the investigation continued.
Later life.
Kahn was a founding member of the Communist front organisation the World Peace Council.
He died on September 15, 1979 of a heart attack in Glen Ellen, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2862999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862999" title="New Bohemia, Virginia">
New Bohemia, Virginia

New Bohemia is an unincorporated community in Prince George County, Virginia, United States, along U.S. Route 460. It was also known as Wells.
New Bohemia was established early in the 20th century by a group of Bohemians and Slovaks from the industrial and mining sections of western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio. Their success in rehabilitating worn-out farms, where production had almost vanished under one-crop planting year after year, led to the immigration of other Bohemians and Slovaks, with a sprinkling of Poles, Russians, and Lithuanians, many of whom came directly from their homelands.
In the late 1980s and Interstate 295 was built through the area which brought commercial development to the previously rural community. Several farms were taken to construct the highway and a cloverleaf interchange at Interstate 295 and U.S. Route 460. Due to its location along the Norfolk Southern Railway at the junction of Interstate 295 and U.S. Route 460, and its close proximity to the junction of Interstate 95 and Interstate 85 much of the remaining farmland and timberland around New Bohemia has been sold for commercial development and several large tracts were recently purchased by Prince George County for the development of an Industrial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2863009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863009" title="Rzepicha">
Rzepicha

Rzepicha (pronounced ) (also Rzepka) was the wife of the semi-legendary Piast the Wheelwright (founder of the Piast dynasty) and the mother of Siemowit. She is mentioned in Gallus Anonymus' Polish Chronicle ("Cronicae et gesta ducum sive principum Polonorum"), where her name is explicitly referred to twice.
According to Gallus Anonymus, she lived in the 9th century. Her ancestors are unknown. In the story described in the chronicle she keeps a house together with Piast and hospitably entertains two guests who came to Piast to celebrate their son's first haircut.

</doc>
<doc id="2863013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863013" title="American Family Publishers">
American Family Publishers

American Family Publishers was an American company that sold magazine subscriptions. It was incorporated in 1996 in Utah. It is best known for running sweepstakes in which a large amount of money was offered as the grand prize (in a range of several hundred thousand to one or more million dollars). The winner was chosen at random, by a professional auditing company, from among all who responded to the sweepstakes, regardless of whether a magazine subscription was purchased. 
History.
Originally based in Newark, New Jersey, then Jersey City, New Jersey, the company's tactics attracted controversy, since the mailings that accompanied the sweepstakes promotions, which invariably included a form via which the recipient could purchase magazine subscriptions, frequently included language that seemed to indicate that the recipient had already won a prize, or was a finalist who had improved chances of winning a prize, when this was not the case. 
In a related phenomenon connected to the company's promotion tactics, news stories reported cases of elderly Americans travelling to Florida (the company, at least for some time, routed their mail through St. Petersburg, Florida) in an effort to collect the money that they believed they had won, because of the promotional language contained in the sweepstakes entry forms (for instance, their frequently used phrase You may have already won $10,000,000!, although mitigated by an introductory line that stated "If you have the winning number...," led people to believe that they had already won the major prize). 
Television exposes have also aired that claim to reveal, through garbology, that the entries of people who did not order magazines were thrown away rather than entered into a random drawing; however, AFP claimed that this came from a misunderstanding of how AFP processed entries at that time. Most of AFP's entry envelopes had windows on the back revealing an OCR code to identify the customer and sweepstakes, as well as any magazine subscription stamps on the entry form. If a stamp appeared in the proper window, the envelope was opened for further processing; if not, the envelope was scanned for entry in the sweepstakes, then thrown away unopened. A separate checkbox below the return address also allowed AFP to process address corrections without opening the envelope. 
These claims eventually led to litigation by several states' attorneys general against the company, resulting in court orders requiring changes in the way the company promoted the sweepstakes. The company complied, but increased lawsuits resulted in the company, which was 50% owned by Time, Inc., changing its name to American Family Enterprises. At that time, Time Inc. took a more hands-on role in the business, filing for bankruptcy in 1998.
Competitors.
Publishers Clearing House (PCH) was a competitor to American Family Publishing that ran similar sweepstakes. The two companies were often mistaken for each other, with Ed McMahon and Dick Clark, the spokespeople for AFP, mistaken for representatives of the better-known PCH. PCH continues to remain in business and promote its products by means of sweepstakes.

</doc>
<doc id="2863018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863018" title="Arzu Özyiğit">
Arzu Özyiğit

Arzu Özyiğit Bildirir (born October 16, 1972 in Tarsus, Turkey), née Arzu Özyiğit, is a Turkish female basketball player. The 1.88 m (6' 2") international competitor plays in the center position.
Özyiğit started basketball in 1984 with Botaş Spor in Adana. After she played with several clubs like İÜSK, Fenerbahçe, Galatasaray, Özyiğit moved to the Greek club Panserraikos in 2002. Özyiğit returned home and played for Fenerbahçe, Kocaeli BB and Beşiktaş.
She was 5-time member of the Turkish girls’ and 190-time member of the Turkish women’s national team, a record in the country. Özyiğit won 18 champion title with her clubs. She is the first player in Turkey, who won the championship at four different teams. The latest one with Beşiktaş as the team’s captain in 2005. She transferred to Mersin BB team in July 2005.
Özyiğit was also captain of the gold medal-winning team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain. She could not play at the final match because of complications with her pregnancy, but the team squad dedicated the medal to her.
In 2009, she became trainer of the Turkey under-20 women's national basketball team that participated at the 2009 FIBA U20 championships held in Gdynia, Poland. She served in 2010 also as trainer at a basketball school in Kartal, Istanbul. In November 2010, Arzu Özyiğit returned to active sports transferring to Canik Belediyespor, a club in Samsun Province, which plays in the Turkish Women's Basketball Second League (TKB2L).
In June 2003, she married to busiessman Mustafa Bildirir. He owns an Italian cuisine restaurant "Pulcinella" at Kozyatağı neighborhood in Kadıköy district of Istanbul, where she also helps out whenever she finds time.

</doc>
<doc id="2863022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863022" title="The Law of Peoples">
The Law of Peoples

The Law of Peoples is American philosopher John Rawls' work on international relations. First published in 1993 as a short article (1993: "Critical Inquiry", no.20), in 1999 it was expanded and joined with another essay, "The Idea of Public Reason Revisited" (1997: "University of Chicago Law Review", vol.64, no.3) to form a full length book. It is an attempt to show "how the content of a Law of Peoples might be developed out of a liberal idea of justice similar to, but more general than, the idea I call justice as fairness" (L.P. p. 3).
The Society of Peoples.
By 'peoples', Rawls means "the actors in the Society of Peoples, just as citizens are the actors in domestic society" (L.P. p. 23). Peoples share three features: a common system of government; what John Stuart Mill called 'common sympathies' (XVI of Mill's Considerations, 1862); and a moral nature. Although the Law of Peoples is supposed to be part of liberal foreign policy, the peoples Rawls talks about are not necessarily liberal. 'Decent hierarchical peoples' also feature as parties to the Law of Peoples, though burdened states, outlaw states and benevolent absolutisms do not. The inclusion of 'decent hierarchical peoples' is demanded by the notion of toleration: a notion Rawls sees as integral to liberalism. In part, the Law of Peoples is an attempt to show how far international toleration by liberal societies can reasonably be expected to extend.
By 'Law of Peoples', Rawls means "a particular political conception of right and justice that applies to the principles and norms of international law and practice" (L.P. p. 3). This political conception of justice is arrived at through the device of the 'original position' – a hypothetical arrangement whereby representatives of each of the peoples get together with the aim of determining principles that will govern the terms of their association. The principles yielded by this process make up the content of the Law of Peoples. The eight principles are:
Ideal Vs. Non-Ideal Theory.
The content-giving part of Rawls' thesis belongs to Ideal Theory, it is an attempt to define how different peoples who are just, or at least decent, should behave with respect to one another. Rawls refers to this ideal conception as a "realistic utopia": realistic because it could and may exist; utopian because it "joins reasonableness and justice with conditions enabling citizens to realize their fundamental interests" (L.P. p. 7). This is a continuation of Rousseau’s idea that any attempt to discover sure principles of government must take "men as they are and laws as they might be" ("The Social Contract"; opening passage). Thus, the Law of Peoples is realistically utopian: it is an attempt to show "how reasonable citizens and peoples might live peacefully in a just world" (L.P., Preface, p.vi).
It is typical of Rawls' approach that he focuses on ideal theory and does not discuss to any great extent non-ideal theory, which involves considering the proper response to injustice. However, in dealing with international relations the questions arising from the highly nonideal conditions of the real world with its great injustices and widespread social evils cannot be put aside. Thus Rawls considers how a "well ordered" people (liberal or decent) should behave towards out-law or burdened societies that cannot be considered decent.

</doc>
<doc id="2863028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863028" title="Milford, Staffordshire">
Milford, Staffordshire

Milford is a village in the county of Staffordshire, England. It lies at the edge of Cannock Chase, on the A513 road between Stafford and Rugeley. Just to the north of the village is the River Sow.
History.
Milford was described as a "pleasant hamlet" by the 1851 "History, Gazetteer and Directory of Staffordshire", it then being part of Baswich parish. There is no church, the church at Walton-on-the-Hill, Staffordshire being less than a mile away.
Administration.
Milford forms part of the civil parish of Berkswich which, in turn, forms part of the borough of Stafford.
Leisure activities.
Milford Common () is a popular recreation spot for local people, and has traditionally been the site of travelling fairs The entrance to the National Trust Shugborough estate faces the common. Shugborough houses the county's official museum.
Cannock Chase AONB is nearby. Its borders extend to about a mile south of the village, and the extensive Chase area offers a variety of outdoor activities including several leisure cycling routes.
The Staffordshire Way long-distance footpath passes very near Milford, to the south-east. It also lies on the Heart of England Way.
Access.
The nearest railway station is in the town of Stafford, about four miles from Milford. Stafford station currently serves most inter-city services running on the West Coast Main Line Birmingham-Manchester route, as well as offering local services.
Road access is by way of the A513 road. Milford is accessible by canal narrowboat, along the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal. There is a cycle path along the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal towpath, leading to the National Cycle Network National Route 5 that currently ends at Walton-on-the-Hill, but will be extended southwards to Birmingham.
Provisional IRA attack.
On 18 September 1990, the former governor of Gibraltar, Sir Peter Terry was shot at his home in Milford by the Provisional IRA. Sir Peter, then aged 64, survived the shooting but his face had to be surgically reconstructed. It was said that the shooting took place as a revenge for his decision to allow the go ahead Operation Flavius in 1988.
Famous people.
Nearby Shugborough Hall was the home of the late photographer Lord Lichfield.

</doc>
<doc id="2863030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863030" title="Vladimir Rybakov">
Vladimir Rybakov

Vladimir Mechislavovich Rybakov (; born 1947) is a Russian writer.
Vladimir was born to émigré parents in Paris in 1947, lived in the Soviet Union 1956–1972, including a hitch in the Soviet Army, and returned to the West in 1972, since which time he has been a journalist and a novelist with a historical bent. He spent much of the 1980s in Afghanistan, where, among other things, he interviewed Soviet soldiers captured by the Afghans. He spent 1989–1995 in Moscow and presently lives in Bulgaria, where he recently completed a huge historical novel about Genghis Khan. Currently he is preparing a book on how Eastern and Western civilizations developed.
Two of his books, "The Afghans", a novella about Soviet soldiers in Afghanistan, and "Creature", a geopolitical thriller, have been published recently in English (2004 and 2005, respectively), and "The Mystery of Genghis Khan" is being prepared for publication.
Excerpts from and more information about "The Afghans" and "Creature" may be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="2863032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863032" title="HMS Serapis (1866)">
HMS Serapis (1866)

HMS "Serapis" was a "Euphrates"-class troopship commissioned for the transport of troops to and from India. She was launched in the Thames on 26 September 1866 from the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company at Leamouth, London and was the third Royal Navy ship to bear the name. She was sold in 1894.
Design.
"Serapis" was one of five iron-hulled vessels of the "Euphrates" class. All five were built to a design of 360 ft overall length by about 49 ft breadth, although "Malabar" was very slightly smaller than the rest of the class. They had a single screw, a speed of 14 knots, one funnel, a barque-rig sail plan, three 4-pounder guns and a white-painted hull. Her bow was a "ram bow" which projected forward below the waterline.
Career.
She spent all of her career on the United Kingdom to India route carrying troops, a trip that averaged 70 days. She was the only one of her class to have been completed with a compound-expansion steam engine at build, and was the first of her class to be re-engined. While her sisters replaced their single-expansion engines with compound-expansion engines, she had the opposite adaption; her 4-cylinder horizontal compound-expansion steam engine was replaced in 1869 with a 2-cylinder single-expansion steam engine. The indicated power remained almost the same, and her top speed was largely unaffected, remaining at about .
In September 1875 she transported the Prince of Wales to India to celebrate Queen Victoria's appointment as Empress of India. In 1884 the commanding officer, Captain Arthur Dupuis, was suspended after the ship grounded off Portland. In April 1886 she became part of the Indian training squadron.
Fate.
She was sold to I Cohen on 23 November 1894 along with her sister ship "Euphrates".

</doc>
<doc id="2863036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863036" title="Half-Breed (song)">
Half-Breed (song)

"Half-Breed" is a 1973 song recorded by Cher. On October 6, 1973, it became Cher's second U.S. solo #1 hit. The single was certified Gold in the US for the sales of over 1 million copies.
Song information and story.
It was the first international release from Cher's album "Half-Breed". It was meant to be sold to the American market. It tells the story of a young woman who is half white and half Cherokee and describes the troubles faced by the main character. The song offers a scenario in which whites often called her "Indian squaw" and Native Americans never accepted her as one of their own, telling her that she was "white by law".
In 1973, "Half-Breed" topped the United States Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, becoming Cher's second #1 solo hit and second Gold single with the sales of over 1 000 000 copies. It was a #1 hit in Canada, a Top 10 in Sweden, and a Top 20 in Norway.
Critical reception and composition.
Peter Fawthrop wrote that this song has a jingling rhythm and that it is one of the more lighthearted songs on the album. Rolling Stone recommended it and described Cher's vocals as frantic and the production as supremely commercial.
Live performances.
In 1999, after almost 25 years of not performing the song live, Cher performed the song in her Do You Believe? Tour. In 2002, she performed the song 326 times in her .
Cher performed the song on the following concert tours:
Music video.
The video for "Half-Breed" is a recorded performance of the song on "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" in 1973. Cher is on a horse while singing in front of a white screen. Props symbolizing Native America were used—wood carvings, fire, and costumes.
Remix version.
In 2002, a special remix medley was created by Dan-O-Rama for a video montage that was used in Cher's . The medley contains the videos of "All I Really Want to Do", "Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves", "Half-Breed", and "Dark Lady".

</doc>
<doc id="2863047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863047" title="Esmeral Tunçluer">
Esmeral Tunçluer

Esmeral Özçelik Tunçluer (born April 7, 1980 in Ede, Netherlands) is a Dutch-Turkish basketball player for Fenerbahçe İstanbul. The national competitor plays in the guard position.
Tuncluer is probably the best shooter on the team, deadly from almost any range. Tuncluer is the closest player Turkey has to a "dominant guard" and if left unattended she can sink any defense with her marksmanship. Her body language sometimes does not reflect the overall aggressiveness of the team but that’s only a poker face as she is committed and intense on both the offensive and defensive end of the floor.
She played with Beşiktaş Cola Turka, Fenerbahçe, Botaş Spor and Mersin Metropolitan Municipality. Tunçluer won the Turkish Women's Basketball League champion title with Beşiktaş in 2005 and with Fenerbahçe İstanbul in 2007 to 2011.
Tunçluer was member of the national team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain, which won the gold medal. She played 170 times for Turkey national women's basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="2863048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863048" title="Pauline Sabin">
Pauline Sabin

Pauline Sabin (April 23, 1887 - December 28, 1955) was a prohibition repeal leader and Republican party official. She was born in Chicago, Illinois and she was a New Yorker who founded the Women’s Organization for National Prohibition Reform (WONPR). Pauline was also very active in politics; her elevated social status and charismatic personality drew people to her. Pauline’s contribution to the repeal of Prohibition was tremendous.
Early life.
Pauline Sabin was a wealthy, elegant, socially prominent, and politically well-connected New Yorker. She was born Pauline Joy Morton, the daughter of Paul Morton and Charlotte Goodridge. Pauline’s family was very active in business and politics. Her uncle Joy Morton founded Morton Salt Company. Her grandfather Julius Sterling Morton had been a prominent Nebraska Democrat who served as Secretary of Agriculture under President Grover Cleveland, and her father had served as secretary of the navy to President Theodore Roosevelt. This later on helped spark her interest in politics. (Lerner, 192). Pauline’s education included private schooling; she attended school in Chicago and Washington before making her debut into society.
She married J. Hopkinson Smith, Jr., in 1907. The couple had two sons before divorcing in 1914. After getting divorced; she owned her own interior decorating business. In 1916 she married Charles H. Sabin, president of the Guaranty Trust Company and treasurer of the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment (AAPA). Despite the fact that her husband was a Democrat, Pauline remained loyal to being a Republican. She was very active in politics; she became the first member of the Suffolk County Republican Committee in 1919. She later on helped find the Women’s National Republican Club and became the president. From 1921-1926 she gained enormous recognition for recruiting thousands of members and for raising funds. She also was selected to be New York’s first woman representative on the Republican National Committee in 1923.
Before 1929, she favored small government and free markets. She initially supported prohibition, as she later explained: "I felt I should approve of it because it would help my two sons. The word-pictures of the agitators carried me away. I thought a world without liquor would be a beautiful world."Towards the 1920’s, however, Sabin realized that no one was taking Prohibition seriously. She was growing increasingly disenchanted with prohibition but worked on behalf of Herbert Hoover in the election of 1928 despite his uncertain stand on the issue. In his inauguration speech he vowed to enforce anti-liquor legislation. After the enactment of the Jones-Stalker Act in May 1929 drastically increased penalties for the violation of prohibition, she resigned from the Republican National Committee and took up the cause of repealing prohibition.
Opposition to prohibition.
Sabin voiced her first cautious public criticism of prohibition in 1926. By 1928 she had become more outspoken. The hypocrisy of politicians who would support resolutions for stricter enforcement and half an hour later be drinking cocktails disturbed her. The ineffectiveness of the law, the apparent decline of temperate drinking, and the growing prestige of bootleggers troubled her even more. Mothers, she explained, had believed that prohibition would eliminate the temptation of drinking from their children's lives but found instead that "children are growing up with a total lack of respect for the Constitution and for the law."
After her resignation as Republican National committeewoman, Pauline received tremendous support from every one. In May 1929 in Chicago, Pauline Sabin founded the Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform with two dozen of her society friends as its nucleus. Its leadership was dominated by wives of American industry leaders. She found women who would be active workers. The organization had outstanding women as their leaders: Mrs.R.Stuyvesant Pierrepont, MrsPierre S. du Pont, and Mrs. Coffin Van Rensselaer. The WONPR had very prominent family names, they were not only highly involved with their community but they were also very wealthy. The Women of the WONPR were considered smart and sophisticated women of the era. Their high social status attracted press coverage and made the movement fashionable. For housewives throughout middle America, joining the WONPR was an opportunity to mingle with high society. In less than two years, membership grew to almost 1.5 million,this was triple of the membership of the WCTU. Pauline became a symbol for independent women; she showed women that they weren’t bound to support the Prohibition movement.
As head of the WONPR, she countered the arguments of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU). She later recalled that she decided to fight Prohibition while sitting in a congressional office where the president of the WCTU asserted: "I represent the women of America!" Repeal would protect families from the crime, corruption, and furtive drinking that prohibition had created. Repeal would return decisions about alcohol to families. The WONPR stole tactics and members as well as arguments from the WCTU. Its members looked for allies in both major parties and minimized internal dissension. The WONPR gained the upper hand in the battle for the support from woman; the WONPR became the largest repeal group in the country. Pauline thought that it was her duty as chairwoman to make sure the cause was made public. In 1923, WONPR moved the campaign southward to places like South Carolina and Charleston to appeal for southern support. Sabin went to Atlanta where she was the subject of the social page of the Atlanta Constitution and later on her picture appeared on the cover of Time magazine. The WONPR gained massive recognition from the media; they wanted daring, newsworthy women.
In later statements, she elaborated further on her objections to prohibition. With settlement workers reporting increasing drunkenness, she worried, "The young see the law broken at home and upon the street. Can we expect them to be lawful?" Mrs. Sabin complained to the House Judiciary Committee: "In pre-prohibition days, mothers had little fear in regard to the saloon as far as their children were concerned. A saloon-keeper's license was revoked if he were caught selling liquor to minors. Today in any speakeasy in the United States you can find boys and girls in their teens drinking liquor, and this situation has become so acute that the mothers of the country feel something must be done to protect their children."
After repeal.
After the repeal amendment in December 1933, the WONPR dissolved immediately. She returned to politics and joined the American Liberty League, formed by conservative Democrats in 1934. This organization was formed to oppose Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal. She hoped that women would show the same enthusiasm for the league like the WONPR but they didn’t. Due to the lack of membership, the committee only lasted a year but she still remained on the executive committee in the 1930s. By 1933 she was widowed and remarried in 1936 to Dwight F. Davis. He was former secretary of war and donor of the Davis Cup tennis trophy. She campaigned for Fiorello La Guardia and Alfred Landon in 1936. In 1940, Pauline became the director of Volunteer Special Services for the American Red Cross. She aided more than 4 million families. In 1943, she resigned and moved to Washington D.C. She became a consultant on the White House interior decoration renovation for President Harry Truman. On December 27, 1955 Pauline Sabin died in Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="2863053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863053" title="Frederick Hawksworth">
Frederick Hawksworth

Frederick William Hawksworth (10 February 1884 – 13 July 1976), was the last Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Great Western Railway (Great Britain) (GWR). Hawksworth was born in Swindon, and he joined the GWR in 1898, aged 15, but did not become CME until he was 57, in 1941. Having been at the forefront of steam locomotive development under George Jackson Churchward, ideas at Swindon Works had somewhat stagnated under the later years of his successor C. B. Collett, whose reluctance to give up the CME's post resulted in Hawksworth's lateness in taking up this position. Hawksworth had been one of Churchward's "Bright Young Men", and was involved in Churchward's designs: he worked on, for example, the general arrangement drawings for "The Great Bear".
Innovations.
Hawksworth continued in the design tradition which he had been involved in throughout his career, but made some important improvements. In particular increased superheat started to be fitted to the larger classes under his regime, and the works started to make much more use of welded construction. Another prominent new concept was a tender with slab sides, using welded construction, giving a much smoother appearance than the traditional design with stepped sides and riveted plates.
New locomotive designs.
Modified Hall Class.
His first design to be built, from 1944, was the Modified Hall, a significant development of the Collett design with increased superheat and very different cylinder and frame construction.
County Class.
After the war there were four more new designs, mostly improvements of earlier types. The 'County' Class 4-6-0 was the last and most powerful GWR 2-cylinder 4-6-0, the culmination of a line that began with the 'Saints' 42 years before. The chassis was similar to the modified Hall, but the boilers were to a new design, larger in diameter than the Std 1 (Hall) boiler but smaller in diameter and appreciably shorter than the Castle boiler. This boiler used tooling which was available from LMS 8F 2-8-0 boilers which Swindon had built for the Railway Executive during World War II and was pressed to 280psi, higher pressure than any previous GWR boiler. They used some of the names from the vanished Churchward County Class 4-4-0s.
9400 Class.
The taper boilered 9400 Class 0-6-0 pannier tank, was built in large numbers by outside contractors. These were similar to the 5700 class under the footplate but had a much larger boiler giving them more power and adhesive weight - and thus braking capacity. Only the first ten, built by the Swindon, appeared under the GWR. The last two designs were only seen in British Railways livery.
1500 Class.
Arguably his most radical design was the 1500 Class. This had the same boiler as the 9400 but an all new short wheelbase chassis with outside Walschaerts valve gear and no running plate, and made considerable use of welded construction. They were designed for easy maintenance by the trackside.
1600 Class.
The last Hawksworth design was a very light conventional 0-6-0 pannier tank, the 1600 Class. This was a modernisation of the 2021 Class, which was now life expired.
British Railways.
Hawksworth remained Chief Mechanical Engineer through the formation of the Western Region of British Railways in 1948, continuing to work on locomotive design until retiring at the end of 1949. He died in Swindon 27 years later in July 1976. His ashes are buried in St. Mark's Church, adjacent to the former site of Swindon Works.
Preservation.
Examples of all the Hawksworth designs except the 'Counties' survive. The Great Western Society is in the process of building a new 'County', a replica of No.1014 "County of Glamorgan", using the frames of a 'Modified Hall', parts of the boiler of an LMS Class 8 2-8-0, and an original chimney from No.1006 "County of Cornwall".

</doc>
<doc id="2863059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863059" title="Wheat Thins">
Wheat Thins

Wheat Thins is a popular brand of baked cracker snacks distributed in the U.S. and Canada by Nabisco. It is also available in Australia through wholesaler USA Foods. Vegetable Thins, Oat Thins, Pita Thins, and Rice Thins, which are all spinoffs of Wheat Thins, are available in Canada and some regions of the United States. Wheat Thins come in many variations.
The snack is still well known by some for its late 1970s ad campaign starring Sandy Duncan. A more recent commercial aired during Super Bowl XLVI featuring Brian and Stewie from the animated sitcom "Family Guy", in which Stewie puts emphasis on the "H" in "Wheat," saying instead, "Hwheat Thins." 
Varieties.
There are several flavors available:
Additional discontinued/changed flavors:

</doc>
<doc id="2863067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863067" title="Mattanur">
Mattanur

Mattanur, also spelt Mattannur, is a town and a municipality in Kannur district in Kerala state of south India. Mattanur is around 25 km east of Kannur town and Thalassery.
Mattannur lies between Kannur, Thalassery and Iritty. The inter-state buses ply between Bangalore and Thalassery, Kannur passes through Mattanur. It is an important hub connecting Kodagu and Kannur. Though small, it has many attractions. The town has developed around the Mattanur Mahadeva temple.
15-Mattannur Assembly Constituency and its extent Mattanur Municicpality and Chittariparamba, Keezhallur, Koodali, Malur, Mangattidam, Kolayad, Padiyoor Kalliad and Thillenkeri Panchayats in Thalassery Taluk.
The proposed Kannur Airport is just about 5 km from Mattanur, which makes it the closest town to the Airport.
Attractions.
The proposed Kannur International Airport is to be located at Moorkhanparamba, near Mattanur.
Mattanur is a nature blessed beautiful place and Pazhassi Dam is a tourist attraction nearby with a well arranged garden and boating facilities. This dam also provides drinking water to Kannur, Tellichery and Mahe municipalities.
Mattanur is famous for its "Kavu" where ancient folk rituals called Theyyam are performed during the months of January to April.
Annual celebrations-Utsavam of Mattannur "Sree Mahadeva temple" starts from February 27 every year. The eight days festival end with the aaratu. "Chalayil mahavishnu kshetram" is a famous Vishnu temple situated in Mattanur is one of the rare temples for worshiping Narasimha avathara of lord Vishnu.
Another famous situated near Mattannur is "Perinchery Sree Vishnu Kshethram", for worshiping Lord Lakshmana. Annual celebrations-Eight days Utsavam starts on 'Uthratathi' day of every Kumbhamasam.
History.
One of the eminent personalities from Mattanur was Pulleri Illathu Madhusoodanan Thangal from the pre-independent era. During the British rule, he represented the area in Madras Legislative Council.
Sri. K T Madhavan Nambiar, a renowned freedom fighter, was the president of Mattanur Panchayat for 16 years till his death in 1972. During his tenure as the president, a lot of development took place in the area which includes new roads, electrification etc. The Government Hospital in Mattanur, which now caters to the health needs of thousands of poor people, was established during his tenure. He took initiative in setting up a Fruit Canning Unit in Kallur under Co-Operative Sector. After his death, the unit could not function for years and later was taken over by the Khadi Board and then by RAIDCO. This is one of the important industrial units in the area.
Some of the most important places in the locality are Illam Moola(Sasthapuram), Pariyaram, Thillenkeri, Muzhakkunnu, Uruvachal and Kallur. Puralimala is a historical place near Mattannur. "Kottiyoor Mahadeva Khsetram" is only one and half hours drive from Mattannur.
Pazhassi is one of the important place in Mattanur where Great King Pazhassiraja stayed and still some veera pazhassi generations are staying over there, His tharavad known as Pazhassi kooloth, which is located 5 kilometer from Mattanur.
The place Thillenkery is very beautiful and historical place near to mattanur.
Education.
One of the important institutes in Mattanur is Pazhassi Raja NSS College. The college was established in 1964, founded by social reformer and great educationalist Padma Bhushan Mannathu Padmanabhan. The college now comes under Kannur University (earlier under the University of Calicut) and offers courses at graduate and post graduate levels. The alumni of the college include Sri. Patyam Srinivasan, a prized possession of Malayalam film industry. Film actor Sri. Jagadeesh was a lecturer in this college, before coming to the film world.
In and around, Mattanur has many government and private schools and private colleges. Mattanur Government Polytechnic collage is one of the famous technical institutions which offer technical training.Mattanur Universal College is one of the famous Parallel College in Kannur District.
Mattannur having more than three CBSE-approved English medium schools. One of them is Sree Sankara Vidyapeetam, which was established by the Sree Mahadeva Temple trust.
Kallur New UP school is situated near Mattannur town. They are providing excellent learning atmosphere to their students.
Mattanur Government UP School is situated in Mattanur Town.
Mattannur is having a lot of artistic talent, social workers, and clubs. "Swathi kalakshethram" is one of the art academies situated in Mattannur and is co-ordinated by Babu Mattannur. Another is "Nadabhramam" under K E Sankaran Namboodiri.
More than three hospitals are in Mattanur.
Mattanur is an upcoming town in Kannur district on the background of airport, land price has shot up like anything with expectations of business opportunities to be brought in by the proposed Kannur Air Port. 
Pariyaram is one of the important places in the Mattanur Municipality, Pariyaram UP School being one among the important educational institution in Mattanur.The Poonkottum Kavu ( the forest land) also situated nearby Pariyaram.
Culture.
Mattanur is famous for its players of the ethnic drum called chenda. Mattanur Panchavadya Sangham, which is a troupe that plays another classical percussion ensemble called Panchavadyam, also hails from this place. The most prominent among them are Mattannur Sankarankutty Marar and Kalanilayam Udayan Namboodiri. Mattannur Sankarankutty Marar is a famous thayambaka artist as well as panchavadya vidwan. He was Melapramani for the famous Thrissur Pooram. Mattanur UP school is situated near Mattanur bus stand. This is one of the old educational institutions in Mattanur. Sevasram at Sasthapuram, the former Asram of Sreemad Swatmananda Saraswathi is emerging as the main center of social service of Mattannur city. It provides food for in patients on hartal days, pension for needed, job centers for mothers etc.; Offers Geetha class, Sat-sangam and so on.
Kottiyoor Utsavam.
Kottiyoor Vysakha Mahotsavam is a huge religious pilgrimage attracting thousands of pilgrims. It is a festival commemorating the Daksha yaga.
Sports.
Mattannur is famous for its volleyball. Udaya Sports Club has contributed immensely to development of volleyball in the area and has produced players who represented Kerala state.Sri. C Narayanan Master, famous for his high spin serve and tactical smashes, could not make it to the state team - often selection of team is not always fair, but still respected by all in the locality as a great player. Sri. P K Jagannathan, Principal of SN College and International Volleyball Referee is a product of Udaya Club. PRNSS College Mattanur also used to be a power house in volleyball.Under the captaincy of Sri T P Abdul Razack- elder brother of Sri. Muhammed Saleem the director and co-producer of the National Award winning film 'ADAMINTE MAKAN ABU', PRNSS College Team became the strongest team in Calicut University. Sri. Abdul Razack led Calicut University to third place in All India University Volley Ball Championship.But, with the Police Maidan - the home ground of Mattannur Volley Ball made into Police Quarters, Volley ball in Mattanur met with premature death. Smt. Soumya Sadanandan, the former Indian Vanitha Volley Ball Captain is also from Mattanur.
Politics.
Mattanur municipality is being ruled by the Communist Party of India (Marxist) lead front from the time it was formed. Mr Bhaskaran master is the current chairman of the Municipal Council.CPIM have strong presence in the entire municipality and the surrounding villages also

</doc>
<doc id="2863077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863077" title="Şaziye İvegin">
Şaziye İvegin

Şaziye İvegin (born February 8, 1982 in Niksar, Tokat province, Turkey) is a Turkish female basketball player. Nicknamed "Şaz" (), the 1.80 m (5' 11") national plays forward. She currently plays for Galatasaray Medical Park.
A basketball player’s daughter, İvegin started basketball in 7th school class on the same day together with her two younger sisters. The three sisters played in the Adana-based club Botaşspor and won twice the Turkish Girls’ Basketball League championship title. At her age of 22, she became the youngest women's basketball team captain in the country. After 10 successful years with Botaş, İvegin transferred to Fenerbahçe on May 7, 2004
İvegin was member of the team participated at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain, which won the gold medal.
She is student of business administration at the Anadolu University.

</doc>
<doc id="2863086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863086" title="Wiener Moderne">
Wiener Moderne

The Wiener Moderne () or "Viennese Modern Age" is a term describing the culture of Vienna in the period between approximately 1890 and 1910. It refers especially to the development of modernism in the Austrian capital and its effect on the spheres of philosophy, literature, music, art, design and architecture.
Significant personalities and works.
Philosophy.
Ernst Mach was an influential philosopher of science and physicist. Ludwig Wittgenstein made important contributions in Analytic Philosophy and Philosophy of Language.
Sigmund Freud caused a revolution in psychology through the foundation of Psychoanalysis. He publicized in 1899 his famous book „The Interpretation of Dreams“.
Architecture.
The architect Otto Wagner wrote a book titled ""Moderne Architektur von 1895"" (en: Modern architecture of 1895), in which he declares the era and predominance of the historic style (especially the buildings on the Ringstraße in the neo-Greek, neo-roman and neo-baroque styles) to be over. He did not know of the term "Moderne" yet, he only spoke of the necessity for architecture to keep up and adapt to new technological developments. Otto Wagner himself would make use of new building materials such as steel and iron and encompass it into his work.
Adolf Loos designed some of the most well known structures of the period. These included the Looshaus, the American Bar, and the Steiner House, among others. The Looshaus in Vienna (also known as the Goldman & Salatsch Building) marks the rejection of historicism, as well as the ornaments used by the Wiener Secession. Adolf Loos received the assignment in 1909, and the building was finished in 1910. Upon opening, its appearance shocked Vienna's citizens, since their overall taste was still very much historically oriented. Because of the lack of ornaments on the façade, people called it the 'house without eyebrows'. The American Bar, also known as the Kärntner Bar, showcases Loos' combination of simple, unadorned forms with opulent materials and fine, simple detailing to give a modern, rich impression. The Steiner house was designed for the painter Lilly Steiner and her husband Hugo. It is located in a Vienna suburb. The Steiner house became a highly influential example of modern architecture; it played a significant role in establishing Loos' reputation as a modern architect to the audience outside of the Viennese community, and became an obligatory reference for architects during the 1920s and 30s. Almost all of the literature of the Modern Movement has reproduced the garden façade as an indisputable example of radical rationalist modern architecture.
Literature.
The most notable literary grouping of this period was the Young Vienna movement, a society of "coffeehouse literati" centred on the writer and critic Hermann Bahr. Bahr's 1890 work "Zur Kritik der Moderne" ("On Criticism of Modernity") established the word modernism as a literary term, whilst "Die Überwindung des Naturalismus" ("The Surpassing of Naturalism") published the following year, declared the then current style of naturalism to be at an end. He was influenced in this by developments in French literature, notably symbolism, which he had encountered his studies in France (1888–1890) where he had come to know the works of avant-garde writers such as Joris-Karl Huysmans, Paul Bourget and Maurice Barrès. Bahr proclaimed a new "Romantik der Nerven" (romanticism of the nerves), which concentrated on the impressions and sensations of the human soul; in this he referred back to developments in the still new science of psychology and his critical writings were consequently influenced not only by literary writers but also by psychologists, notably Sigmund Freud, and the philosopher of science Ernst Mach. The literary consequence of this "Romantik der Nerven" was the encouragement of literary forms that foregrounded the perceptions of the individual, among them the unreliable narrator and the interior monologue.
Bahr used his position in Vienna as a theatre critic and feuilletonist to promote other members of the Young Vienna circle, most notably Hugo von Hofmannsthal, who met at the Café Griensteidl and later at the Café Central. Other members of the group included Arthur Schnitzler, Peter Altenberg, Felix Salten, and Stefan Zweig, all of whom, though disparate in styles and interests, demonstrate different facets of the character of the "Wiener Moderne" in their writing. Schnitzler created one of the earliest examples of modernist stream of consciousness writing in "Lieutenant Gustl" (1900), and his most famous work, "Reigen" ("La Ronde") (1897), is typical of the fin de siècle interest in sexuality. Hofmannsthal's early poems show the influence of the French symbolists and Stefan George's aestheticism, whilst his work as a librettist for Richard Strauss reflects the interpenetration of the different branches of the arts typical of the epoch. The aphorist Altenberg is notable as much for his archetypically bohemian lifestyle as for his writing. Salten, best known nowadays for his later children's books, is widely regarded as the author of the infamous pornographic novel Josephine Mutzenbacher, a sign arguably of the decadence that was associated with the period. Zweig (also a librettist for Strauss) was, in addition to his own stylistically polished writing, a noted translator of the symbolists, and later a passionate defender of a collective European culture in the face of aggressive nationalism, reflecting the openness of the epoch to foreign cultural influences and indeed the melting pot of different cultures that was part of fin-de-siècle Vienna.
The other dominant voice in Viennese literature during this period was the satirist Karl Kraus. Originally Kraus had been associated with the Young Vienna writers but he broke with them and attacked them in his 1897 essay "Die demolierte Literatur" ("Demolished Literature"), which was written after Café Griensteidl burnt down. In his periodical "Die Fackel" (The Torch), Kraus regularly satirised lazy journalism, which he considered to be exemplified in the feuilleton writing of many of his contemporaries, but his interests ranged over many of the other issues which were prominent in the cultural life of fin-de-siècle Vienna, among them Zionism, psychoanalysis, political corruption and nationalism, all of which he attacked in the pages of "Die Fackel". The antagonism between Kraus and other leading Viennese cultural figures, which in the extreme case of his criticism of Felix Salten's feuilletons lead to Salten assaulting him in the street, but also encompassed spats with Freud, Theodor Herzl and Hugo von Hofmannsthal among others, might be seen as a sign of the vigorous debate characteristic of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="2863093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863093" title="Jacques François Dugommier">
Jacques François Dugommier

Jacques François Coquille named Dugommier (1 August 1738, Trois-Rivières, Guadeloupe – 17 November 1794, at the Battle of the Black Mountain) was a French general.
Biography.
Early life.
Jacques François Dugommier was born on August 1, 1738 in Trois-Rivières, Guadeloupe.
Early career.
He entered service in 1759 in the defense of Guadeloupe against the English and fought in Martinique in the Seven Years' War. He took the name "Dugommier" in 1785. He joined the Revolutionaries.
Commander in the Italian Army.
In September 1793, he drove the troops of Habsburg Austria and the Kingdom of Sardinia from Nice. He defeated Joseph De Vins' Austrians at city of Gilette. While a Deputy of the French Convention, Dugommier succeeded General Jean François Carteaux as commander of the army besieging Toulon. Recognizing that the attack plan of a young artillery captain named Napoleon Bonaparte was the correct one, Dugommier carried it out. In December 1793, he brought the Siege of Toulon to a successful conclusion.
Campaign in the Pyrenees.
In January 1794, he was named head of the Army of the Eastern Pyrenees. His assignment was to retake the territory of Rousillon from the Spanish army of Antonio Ricardos Carrillo. He reorganized the army, weakened as it was by the hard combat of the preceding year spent incessantly and fruitlessly storming the Spanish positions. The Spanish became paralyzed by a leadership crisis following the successive deaths of two Commanders-in-Chief to disease, making Dugommier's task easier.
On 28 April, he was victorious at the battle of the Battle of Tech, followed by a success at the Battle of Albere on 30 April. After the decisive victory at the Battle of Boulou (or Montesquieu) on 1 May. After this defeat, Luis Firmin de Carvajal, Conde de la Union withdrew. Port-Vendres was evacuated by La Union (who had under his command 400 French noblemen of the "Légion Panetier") in May. Collioure fell after a four-week siege on the 26 May. He repelled a Spanish assault on 13 August in the Battle of San-Lorenzo de la Muga. He retook the Fort de Bellegarde on 17 September 1794 (the siege had lasted since 7 May). On 22 September, an audacious attack gave him the redoubt and camp of Costouge, putting the enemy to flight and capturing most of his equipment.
He fell to Spanish shells on 18 November in the Battle of the Black Mountain, in the course of which the physician Larrey distinguished himself with 700 amputations in four days of battle. After this battle, Figueras was taken by Dominique-Catherine Pérignon, marquis de Grenade on 28 November. He was buried in Perpignan, where he rests in a pyramidal monument. Napoleon kept his souvenir, bestowing 100,000 Francs to his son for the memory of the battle of Toulon.

</doc>
<doc id="2863102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863102" title="Müjde Yüksel">
Müjde Yüksel

Müjde Yüksel (born 9 March 1981 in Kadıköy, İstanbul) is a Turkish female basketball player. The 1.80 m (5' 11") national competitor plays in the forward position.
After Yüksel played for Migrosspor, she transferred to Fenerbahçe İstanbul. She played for two seasons with Fenerbahçe and won one Turkish Women's Basketball League championship, two Turkey Cup and one President’s Cup title. Yüksel signed a contract with Beşiktaş J.K. for the 2005-06 season, then transferred to Mersin BŞB for the 2006-07 season.
Yüksel played in the national team, which participated in the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain where she won a gold medal.
Yuksel is currently pursuing her doctoral studies in the Department of Sport Management at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="2863103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863103" title="Hong Kong Broadband Network">
Hong Kong Broadband Network

Hong Kong Broadband Network Limited (‘HKBN’) is a leading broadband service provider with most residential high-speed broadband subscriptions (100Mbps and above) in Hong Kong, offering a diversified portfolio of innovative products in fibre broadband and Wi-Fi access, communication and entertainment to over 1.4 million subscribers. As the owner and operator of one of the biggest fiber optic networks in Hong Kong, HKBN provides premier telecommunications services to both business and residential markets.
Over the years, HKBN has invested over HK$4 billion in establishing its own network. In 2004, HKBN successfully built the largest Metro Ethernet network in the world. In 2005, HKBN was the first Internet Service Provider (ISP) in the city offering 1000Mbps residential Fibre-to-the-Home service. In 2013, HKBN extended its Wi-Fi business development and acquired Y5ZONE Limited. Since then, HKBN’s fibre optic network covers over 2 million residential homes and more than 1,900 commercial buildings.
HKBN is dedicated to its core purpose “Make our Hong Kong a better place to live”. It takes great pride in developing its 2,500-strong Talent force into a competitive advantage, who is committed to living by "TREE", its four core values - “Trustworthy - be honest and genuine, keeping promises without compromising”, “Responsive - be visionary and receptive, responding aptly and promptly”, “Entrepreneurial - be responsible and unyielding, striving for excellence” and “Engaging - be devoted and considerate, attracting others to follow suit”.
HKBN has established a solid market position for sustaining growth and success. In May 2012, HKBN underwent a management buy-out and is now majority-owned by funds advised by CVC Capital Partners and 91 HKBN Co-Owners.

</doc>
<doc id="2863105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863105" title="National Mall and Memorial Parks">
National Mall and Memorial Parks

National Mall and Memorial Parks (also known as National Capital Parks-Central) is an administrative unit of the National Park Service encompassing many national memorials and other areas in Washington, D.C. These include:
Federally owned and administered parks in the capital area date back to 1790, some of the oldest in the United States. In 1933 they were transferred to the control of the National Park Service. These parks were known as the National Capital Parks from their inception until 1965. The NPS now operates multiple park groupings in the D.C. area, including: National Capital Parks-East, Rock Creek Park, President's Park, and George Washington Memorial Parkway. National Mall and Memorial Parks also provides technical assistance for the United States Navy Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="2863107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863107" title="AlphaJet">
AlphaJet

AlphaJet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863108" title="Cornelio Reyna">
Cornelio Reyna

Cornelio Reyna (September 15, 1940 - January 22, 1997) was a Mexican norteño singer.
Cornelio Reyna formed a partnership with the legendary Ramón Ayala to create the famous duet called Los Relampagos del Norte in 1963. The band stayed together for eight years and then in 1971, Reyna decided to pursue a solo career as a mariachi singer. His mariachi career was not as successful as music experts expected. He was unable to compete and gain a spot alongside charismatic mariachi giants Vicente Fernandez and Antonio Aguilar.
Reyna played for 26 more years before dying in 1997 of a stomach ulcer.
Reyna played the bajo sexto and was the lead singer. Famous songs include "El Tenampa," "Mi Tesoro," "Me Cai De La Nube", and "Te Vas Angel Mio".
Although Cornelio Reyna died at a young age he was able to produce many hits that will last forever. All this success, would begin with Los Relampagos del Norte in 1963 with the hit song Ya no Llores, the song became such a hit that Ramon Ayala included it in his latest cd also titled Ya no Llores. He was married to Mercedes Castro, also a singer of mariachi music. She is currently singing alongside Amparo Higuera, the last remaining singer of Dueto Las Jilguerillas. Imelda Higuera died in 2004. Their latest release is Dos Botellas de Mezcal.

</doc>
<doc id="2863109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863109" title="Smålandsnytt">
Smålandsnytt

Smålandsnytt is a Swedish regional news programme, broadcast by Sveriges Television (SVT).
The programme covers the three counties in the historical provinces of Småland and Öland in southeast Sweden: Jönköping County, Kalmar County and Kronoberg County. The programme is broadcast from studios located in Växjö, with district newsrooms in Jönköping and Kalmar.

</doc>
<doc id="2863111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863111" title="James Roosevelt Bayley">
James Roosevelt Bayley

James Roosevelt Bayley (August 23, 1814 — October 3, 1877) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as the first Bishop of Newark (1853–72) and the eighth Archbishop of Baltimore (1872–77).
Early life and education.
James Roosevelt Bayley was born in New York City, to Guy Carlton Bayley and Grace Roosevelt. His father was the son of Dr. Richard Bayley, a professor at Columbia College who created New York's quarantine system, and the brother of Elizabeth Ann Seton, who was canonized in 1975 as the first American-born saint. His mother was the daughter of Jacobus Roosevelt and Maria Eliza Walton, a descendant of Joan Beaufort, Countess of Westmoreland. Lady Joan was an ancestor of several Kings of the House of York in England. The eldest of four children, he had two brothers, Carlton and William, and a sister, Maria Eliza. He was also distantly related to President Theodore Roosevelt and President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Bayley received his early education at the Mount Pleasant Classical Institute in Amherst, Massachusetts. He once considered a career on the sea, hoping to become a midshipman in the U.S. Navy, but later abandoned these plans. He attended Washington College in Hartford, Connecticut, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1835. Raised as a Protestant, he decided to enter the Episcopalian ministry and studied under Rev. Samuel Farmar Jarvis in Middletown.
He was ordained a priest on February 14, 1840. He then served as rector of St. Andrew's Church in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City.
Conversion.
While serving at St. Andrew's, Bayley became acquainted with a Catholic priest named John McCloskey, who would later become Archbishop of New York and the first American cardinal, and became increasingly drawn to Catholicism. He briefly served as rector of St. John's Church in Hagerstown, Maryland, before traveling to Rome, where he was received into the Catholic Church. He received a conditional baptism on April 19, 1842, and received Confirmation and First Communion on the following April 28.
Bayley traveled throughout Europe for over a year following his conversion, and entered the Seminary of Saint-Sulpice in Paris in August 1843. He returned to New York and there completed his studies at St. John's College in Fordham.
Catholic priesthood.
On March 2, 1844, Bayley was ordained a Catholic priest by Bishop John Hughes at St. Patrick's Cathedral. His maternal grandfather, who had made Bayley heir of his large fortune, removed him from his will after his ordination. He was appointed vice-president of St. John's College, where he also served as professor of rhetoric and "belles-lettres". He was acting president in 1846 and later served as a pastor in New Brighton, Staten Island. From 1848 to 1853, he was private secretary to Bishop Hughes. He published ""A Brief Sketch of the Early History of the Catholic Church on the Island of New York"" in 1853.
First Bishop of Newark.
On October 30, 1853 Bayley was consecrated the first bishop of the Diocese of Newark. Bayley's mission for the fledgling Diocese was to establish Catholic education as he said, "In our present position, the schoolhouse has become second in importance to the House of God itself ... ambition is to have ... every Catholic child in the state in a Catholic school."
Bayley realized that in order to be effective in his mission he needed the help of a Diocesan community; as he put it, "no one can fill that most important office so effectually as religious women." In 1857 a group of Benedictine Sisters arrived from Pennsylvania and in the following year Bayley sent five women to train with the Sisters of Charity. Many other communities of religious men and women joined the Diocese in the next decades.
When the Diocese of Newark was established he was named its first bishop and consecrated 30 October 1853, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York, by Archbishop Gaetano Bedini, the Apostolic Nuncio to Brazil, who was then en route to Rome. The Bishops of Brooklyn and Burlington were consecrated at the same time, the first occurrence of such an elaborate ceremony in the United States. Bishop Bayley's work of organizing the new diocese was not easy. He had more than 40,000 Catholics, mainly of Irish and German extraction, with only twenty-five priests to minister to them. There was not a single diocesan institution, no funds, and poverty on all sides. He therefore applied for help to the Association of the Propagation of the Faith of Lyons, France, and to the Leopoldine Association of Vienna and from both received material assistance.
Bishop Bayley saw need for a Catholic college, and on September 1, 1856 the need was filled by the opening of Chegary Academy (Old Seton Hall) in Madison. In 1860 the school moved to its present location in South Orange and was incorporated into a college by the state of New Jersey in 1861. The College also had a seminary which was necessary for educating new priests. Despite the original need, the number of new recruits exceeded the abilities of the seminary. Bayley was instrumental in the founding of the North American College in Rome at the request of Pope Pius IX, where he sent a young seminarian by the name of Michael Corrigan.
In a letter he wrote April 10, 1865, reviewing the condition of the diocese after his first ten years there he says: 
I find that while the Catholic population has increased a third, the churches and priests have doubled in number. In 1854 there was no religious community. Now we have a monastery of Benedictines, another of Passionists, a mother-house of Sisters of Charity, conducting seventeen different establishments; two convents of Benedictine nuns, two others of German Sisters of Notre Dame and two others of the Sisters of the Poor of St. Francis. In 1854 there was no institution of learning; to-day we have a flourishing college and a diocesan seminary, an academy for young ladies, a boarding school for boys, and parish schools attached to almost all the parishes.
In addition to these he introduced the Jesuits and the Sisters of St. Joseph and of St. Dominic into the diocese, and was one of the strongest upholders of the temperance movement of the seventies. He made several journeys to Rome and the Holy Land, attending the canonization of the Japanese martyrs at Rome in 1862; the centenary of the Apostles in 1867; and the ecumenical Council in 1869.
Bishop Bayley served the developing Diocese for 19 years until he was appointed Archbishop of Baltimore on July 30, 1872.
Archbishop of Baltimore.
At the death of Archbishop Spalding of Baltimore he was promoted, on July 30, 1872, to succeed that prelate. He left Newark with much reluctance. In 1875 as Apostolic Delegate he imposed the cardinal's biretta on Archbishop John McCloskey of New York. In May, 1876, he consecrated the Baltimore cathedral, having freed it from debt.
Convening the Eighth Provincial Synod of the clergy, August, 1875, he enacted many salutary regulations, particularly with regard to clerical dress, mixed marriages, and church music. Illness obliged him to ask for a coadjutor and Bishop James Gibbons of Richmond was appointed to that position May 29, 1877. The archbishop then went abroad to seek for relief, but in vain. He returned to his former home in Newark in August, 1877, and after lingering for two months, died in his old room, where he had laboured for so long in Newark, New Jersey, on October 3, 1877.
Shortly before Bayley died he spoke of himself by saying, "I am Archbishop; I have been Bishop; but I like Father Bayley best of all." At his own request he was buried beside his aunt, Mother Seton, at the convent at Emmitsburg, Maryland.
In conversation he once told the ultramontane Bishop Michael Corrigan that before his conversion he thought of becoming a Jesuit, and before his consecration a Redemptorist, but from both intentions his director dissuaded him. In addition to the volume on the Church on New York he wrote the "Memoirs of Simon Gabriel Brute, First Bishop of Vincennes" (New York, 1855), about Simon Bruté.

</doc>
<doc id="2863112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863112" title="Henry Percy, 5th Earl of Northumberland">
Henry Percy, 5th Earl of Northumberland

Henry Algernon Percy, 5th Earl of Northumberland, KG (13 January 1477 – 19 May 1527) was an English noble who was a member of the courts of both Henry VII and Henry VIII.
Biography.
Henry Algernon Percy was well looked after and brought up at the court of Henry VII, while his sisters' marriages were the object of careful negotiation. He was made K.B. 21 November 1489, at the time when Prince Arthur was created Prince of Wales.
On 28 April 1489 Henry Algernon Percy succeeded his father, Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland, as 5th Earl of Northumberland.
Northumberland attended Henry VII at the conclusion of the treaty of Etaples in 1492, and took a prominent part in the elaborate ceremony of 1494, when Prince Henry was created K.B. In 1495 he was made a Knight of the Garter. In 1497 he served in the royal army against the Cornish rebels, and fought at the battle of Blackheath; on 14 May 1498 he received livery of his lands, and entered into the management of his various castles and estates.
How important Northumberland's position was can be seen from "The Northumberland Household Book", which was edited from the manuscript in possession of the Duke of Northumberland by Thomas Percy in 1770. It was begun in 1512. His income was about £2,300 a year, which probably does not include all that he received by way of gift. But on his various retinues of servants he spent no less than £1,500 a year, and as the margin had to meet all such expenses as his journeys to the court, and as he was extraordinarily magnificent in taste, he was soon in debt.
In 1500 Northumberland was at the meeting of Henry and the Archduke Philip. In 1501 he was appointed constable of Knaresborough, steward of the Lordship of Knaresborough, and master forester in the forest there. On 1 April 1502 he was a commissioner of oyer and terminer for London; he was also constantly in the commission of the peace for various counties. Northumberland received the important appointment of warden of the east marches towards Scotland on 30 June 1503, and one of his first duties was to escort Margaret to Scotland on her way to join James IV of Scotland, and his splendid dress and numerous servants pleased the princess.
Northumberland seems to have irritated Henry VII just before the king died. He had disposed of the wardship and marriage of Elizabeth, daughter and heiress of Sir John Hastings. He was fined £10,000, an amount of money quite as difficult to raise; and it is extraordinary that he managed to pay half the money before Henry VIII came to the throne. The new king cancelled the remainder of the debt 21 March 1510. On 4 February 1512 he was a trier of petitions from Gascony and beyond the sea.
Northumberland served in the war of 1513 as a grand captain, with a very large retinue. From Calais he went to the siege of Thérouanne and in the battle of the Spurs he commanded the "showrers and forridors", Northumberland men on light geldings. The next year he was a chief commissioner of array for various counties. As Thomas Wolsey rose, the great nobles had one by one to submit to his tyranny. Northumberland, on the advice of Will Hatty, was suspected of being too friendly with Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, and so, on a charge of interfering with the king's prerogative about the wards, he was cast into the Fleet Prison in 1516. Possibly he was only put there so that Wolsey might have the credit of getting him out. He was examined in the Court of the Star Chamber, and soon set free.
Northumberland was friendly with George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury, and they arranged to go on a pilgrimage this year together. Shrewsbury had been anxious to marry his daughter to a son of Buckingham, but, having disputed about money matters, the parents broke off the match; it was now arranged, most unfortunately as it turned out, that the lady should marry Northumberland's son, the Lord Percy, in June 1517 Northumberland met Queen Margaret of Scotland at York to conduct her on her way home; he undertook the duty with reluctance, doubtless from want of money, and his wife was excused attendance. In 1518 he was one of those who held lands in Calais. Wolsey in 1519, in a letter to the king, expressed suspicions of his loyalty. But he escaped the fate of the Duke of Buckingham, and went to the Field of the Cloth of Gold, where he was a judge of the lists.
The same year, 1517, Northumberland had a grant of the honour of Holderness. He was present at Henry's meeting with the emperor in May 1522, and attested the ratification of the treaty made. He seems to have been offered, but not to have accepted, the wardenship of all the marches towards Scotland in 1523, and is said to have incurred the contempt of his tenants by his refusal. But he continued active while Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey was in chief command. In 1523 he made an inroad into Scotland, and was falsely accused by Dacre of going to war with the crosskeys of York, a royal badge, on his banner; he cleared himself easily enough. In 1524 he was again on the border. In 1525 he had some trouble with the council of the north, of which he had been a member since 1522 ; but he cleared himself, and took part in the ceremony of the creation of Henry Fitzroy, Henry VIII's natural son, Earl of Nottingham. He died at Wressell on 19 May 1527, and was buried at Beverley, where he had built a splendid shrine.
Northumberland was magnificent in his tastes, and being one of the richest magnates of his day, kept a very large establishment, and was fond of building. Leland praised the devices for the library at Wressell, presumably arranged by him. He encouraged the poet John Skelton, who wrote the elegy on his father. A manuscript formerly in his possession forms British Museum Reg. Bib. 18 D ii. It consists of poems, chiefly by Lydgate.
Family.
Northumberland was son of Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland, by Maud, daughter of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke, of the second creation Alan Percy was his younger brother.
Northumberland married Catherine Spencer ("d". 1542), daughter of Sir Robert Spencer and Eleanor Beaufort, Countess of Ormonde. By Catherine he had three sons and two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="2863122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863122" title="Randy Disher">
Randy Disher

Lieutenant Randall "Randy" Disher is a fictional character portrayed by Jason Gray-Stanford on the television series "Monk".
Personality.
Disher is Captain Leland Stottlemeyer's second-in-command and employed at the San Francisco Police Department. He is usually portrayed as loyal and tenacious, but with a comical lack of insight and given to far-fetched theories, which were a running gag of the series. Aside from his truly ridiculous theories, which often involve defying the very laws of physics (like for instance astral projection), he is competent within his own range of abilities. 
Another running gag in the series is the rather awkwardly ceremonial way in which he delivers news to Stottlemeyer, asking him to guess what it is or sit down for it (or to in one case put down his coffee cup); this method mostly annoys others who would like him to get to the point. His feelings towards Monk change from the pilot episode of the series. In the pilot, he was not only skeptical of Monk, but he seemed to find Monk a joke. Disher calls Monk "the defective detective" to his captain upon meeting Monk. What appears as his jealousy of Monk in the beginning becomes admiration as their relationship develops.
In the book, "Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu", Captain Stottlemeyer, in a covert meeting with Monk and Natalie, reveals that Randy has a high clearance and conviction rate. While teaching Monk how to be a Captain and delegate, he tells them how Randy is a people person, who gets people to say things they wouldn't have said otherwise. They aren't high profile or unusual like the cases Monk gets, but it is how Stottlemeyer delegates cases. The implication is that Stottlemeyer is a good captain for matching staff to cases, and Disher, while incapable of solving a weird case, is good at others, which is his gift. 
One of Randy's other gifts is that he is an excellent female impersonator. In "Mr. Monk and the Missing Granny", he dresses up as a homeless woman by wearing a big wig and some "dirt", although Sharona sees through his disguise, and the disguise even fools several cops. And in "Mr. Monk and the Three Julies", Randy is disguised as Matthew Teeger's deceased mother in a trap to lure Matthew out of hiding, which succeeds thanks to Randy's ability to speak falsetto.
Miscellaneous.
In "Mr. Monk Goes to the Dentist", much of the case was solved by Disher. In "Mr. Monk Visits a Farm", Monk feeds Randy the solution of how Jimmy Belmont killed Randy's uncle in his sleep. In "Mr. Monk and the Man Who Shot Santa", it is suggested that Disher thought that Santa Claus did indeed exist. Although it is not known which day Randy's birthday falls on, it is mentioned in the episode "Mr. Monk and the Voodoo Curse" that he is a Pisces.
Relationships.
During the series, Disher loses his entire life savings during a trip to Las Vegas in "Mr. Monk Goes to Vegas", which prompted Monk and Stottlemeyer to come to his rescue, using Monk's abilities to win the money back. He acts as Natalie Teeger's bodyguard in "Mr. Monk and the Election. He helps Monk find clues for the Trudy Monk case by traveling to New York with him in "Mr. Monk Takes Manhattan". Randy is shown to argue regularly with but not-so-secretly be attracted to Monk's first assistant, Sharona Fleming, and he maintains a friendly, professional behavior towards Natalie. 
Throughout the series, Randy seems to always harbor crushes on Sharona and Natalie. As well, he wrote a personal ad fitting Sharona in "Mr. Monk and the Paperboy", which he unsuccessfully tries to hide from her. In the season 6 episode "Mr. Monk and the Bad Girlfriend", when Natalie tells Randy that she and Monk have news, he guesses that she wants to say she is in love with him, leaving Natalie in a dumbstruck state while Monk delivers their theory that Linda Fusco killed her former partner. Natalie is shown to be rather annoyed by Randy's theory that she is in love with him (bringing it up again when Monk asks Randy if he has any crazy theories about how to break Linda's alibi).
His lack of luck getting dates is so notorious that when he actually does land a girlfriend, in the episode "Mr. Monk and the Employee of the Month", no one believes him. Throughout that episode, he shows the cast a generic picture of a woman. Sharona confirms that it was included with his wallet. They dismiss Randy's claims that his girlfriend is a wallet model named Crystal Smith (when Randy mentions that her first name is Crystal to Sharona, she asks if Crystal's last name is "Glassware", referring to the box of Crystal Glassware in the loading dock). It is revealed to the viewers but not to the characters that Randy was telling the truth. 
A few episodes later, in "Mr. Monk Gets Cabin Fever", he dates a Chinese woman named Hayley, who turns out to be part of a Triad hit crew sent to kill Monk. 
In later seasons, Randy's success with women significantly increases. In "Mr. Monk Falls in Love", he's dating an attractive girl as shown by the opening scene, when he and his date climb into the back of a cab, only to find that their driver is dead, having been stabbed with a hat pin earlier. In "Mr. Monk's 100th Case", Randy is dating Jillian, the actress who plays the reenactment of Kate Kindel's murder in James Novak's documentary. She is described as being used for reenactments on a number of crime shows (as Randy notes that she was bludgeoned to death on "Dateline").
It is hinted at the end of "Mr. Monk and Sharona" that he may be dating Sharona, whom he eventually marries. In the series finale, Randy accepts a job as Chief of Police in her native New Jersey.
Background.
Disher was born in San Diego. He attended Temple University and lived in Philadelphia briefly, where he was a sergeant in that city's police. This is mentioned in the season 4 episode "Mr. Monk Goes to a Wedding". In Philadelphia, one of Randy's cases was that of Darlene Coolidge, a black widow who murders her husbands. In "Mr. Monk Goes to a Wedding", someone attempts to run Randy down in the parking lot. Monk reveals that the new wife of Natalie's brother, Jonathan Davenport, Theresa Scott, is really Coolidge. As Randy was the chief investigator into the death of her husband, he would have recognized her, so Theresa tried to kill him by running him over in a car. Randy's injuries land him in a wheelchair but he manages to identify Coolidge/Scott.
In the season 5 episode "Mr. Monk and the Leper", Monk and Natalie find a picture of Randy on the wall of Dr. Aaron Polanski's office. Polanski mentions that Randy as a teenager had incredibly bad acne, although when Natalie asks Randy about this later, Randy says that he was undercover and posing as a teenager with acne problems. He attempts to steal that picture later, ending up ripping out a small portion of the wall and knocking off a large number of other photos in the process. He joined the police force three years before the start of the series. In the season 2 episode "Mr. Monk Gets Married", Randy has Monk and Sharona pretend to be married in order to rescue his mother Maria from Dalton Padron, a killer with a very ulterior motive. While at the marriage counseling institute, Maria mentions Randy several times to Monk and Sharona, but they pretend not to know Randy.
Randy later claimed to have an uncle Harvey. In the season 5 episode "Mr. Monk Visits a Farm", Randy inherits his supposed uncle's farm after Harvey Disher supposedly commits suicide. Soon after he arrives, Randy claims to get the chilling suspicion that nearby farmer Jimmy Belmont (Ricardo Chavira) murdered his supposed uncle, and he brings Monk in to prove that there has been foul play. However, it is unknown if Harvey was really his uncle, due to the fact that in the season three episode "Mr. Monk Gets Cabin Fever," he clearly states that he has no uncles in reply to a fortune cookie stating he'd get money from an uncle. The fortune cookie came true when he received a tax return from "Uncle Sam." Randy never explained the circumstances of how he could have gained an uncle that he claims to have known since childhood.
The Randy Disher Project.
In high school, he was part of a rock band, The Randy Disher Project, which he resurrects with his bandmates in "Mr. Monk Goes to the Dentist" after he quits because no one believes his claim that Dr. Oliver Bloom and Terri killed a man in the dentist's office during his operation. The band creates a music video entitled "I Don't Need a Badge", which tries to justify Randy's leaving the police force. The band breaks up when Randy realizes what the man his dentist killed was arguing with him about, and returns to the SFPD shortly afterwards. 
The song was reprised in the season 5 episode "Mr. Monk and the Really, Really Dead Guy". Disher is placed as a decoy to try to attract the attention of the perpetrator, playing the erstwhile rock song off-key while constantly forgetting most of the lyrics, with the instruments of a one-man band. However, when another man believed to be the perp comes up with an instrument, he is tackled by undercover agents, and turns out to be a harmless man wanting to accompany Randy. 
In the novel "Mr. Monk is Miserable", Monk, Natalie and Stottlemeyer are shocked to find that "I Don't Need a Badge" has become a cult phenomenon in Paris. It is revealed that Paris police Inspector Guy Gadois knows the lyrics and music of the song by heart (though Natalie notes that he has done slight modifications to the lyrics, e.g. replacing "Captain" with "Inspector", and "mustache" with "goatee").
Further, in "Mr. Monk and the Rapper", Randy boards the stage in a rap club, shouting: "If you enjoyed that, check out "therandydisherproject.com"!". However, his rapping abilities are questionable and he gets offended when Murderuss (Snoop Dogg) calls him the "whitest white guy" after Randy attempts to rap out part of Murderuss's song "Car Bomb" (specifically, the part of "Ch, ch, ch, I put the bomb in your limo, that's what the surprise is / Under your seat like Oprah giving prizes"). The song is also featured in the season 8 episode "Mr. Monk Goes Camping" as the ringtone on Randy's phone.
In "Mr. Monk's 100th Case," Randy pulls out the Randy Disher Project CD while riding with Stottlemeyer and James Novak's camera crew to a SWAT team raid on Douglas Thurman's photo studio. He describes the music style as "a sort of a jazz, fusion, punk kind of a rap, kind of a folk" music.

</doc>
<doc id="2863126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863126" title="Dugommier">
Dugommier

Dugommier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863131" title="Serap Yücesir">
Serap Yücesir

Serap Yücesir (born March 18, 1973 in Kars, Turkey) is a former Turkish female basketball player. The 1.91 m (6' 3") national competitor played in the power forward position.
She started basketball in her age of 13 with Bayraklıspor in İzmir and played later for Urla Gençlik. Yücesir moved to Fenerbahçe İstanbul in 1990, where she played 13 seasons long. She transferred then to Galatasaray Medical Park, but returned to her previous club after one season. The captain won 12 championship titles. After playing for Istanbul University, she transferred in the season 2007-2008 to Turkish Women's Basketball League team Panküp TED Kayseri College. After ending her active sports career, she serves together with her former teammate Arzu Özyiğit as trainer in a women's basketball school in Kartal, Istanbul.
Yücesir played in the gold medal winning national team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain.
Yücesir studied pharmacy, although she had not been able to perform her profession because of basketball, she has now been running her own community pharmacy in Maltepe, Istanbul. She is married with a son.

</doc>
<doc id="2863132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863132" title="Pact of Zanjón">
Pact of Zanjón

The Pact of Zanjón was the treaty that ended the Cuban Ten Years' War. Slaves who had fought against Spain were given freedom. The Maceo brothers refused to sign the treaty and kept on fighting until they took to exile to return later. Calixto Garcia was released from Spanish prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2863133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863133" title="Cowhill">
Cowhill

Cowhill is the name of several places in the United Kingdom, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2863145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863145" title="Pudu">
Pudu

Pudu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863149" title="Envelope (motion)">
Envelope (motion)

In mechanical engineering, an envelope is a solid representing all positions which may be occupied by an object during its normal range of motion.
Another (jargon) word for this is a "flop".
Wheel envelope.
In automobile design, a wheel envelope may be used to model all positions a wheel and tire combo may be expected to occupy during driving. This will take into account the maximum jounce and rebound allowed by the suspension system and the maximum turn and tilt allowed by the steering mechanism. Minimum and maximum tire inflation pressures and wear conditions may also be considered when generating the envelope.
This envelope is then compared with the wheel housing and other components in the area to perform an interference/collision analysis. The results of this analysis tell the engineers whether that wheel/tire combo will strike the housing and components under normal driving conditions. If so, either a redesign is in order, or that wheel/tire combo will not be recommended. 
A different wheel envelope must be generated for each wheel/tire combo for which the vehicle is rated. Much of this analysis is done using CAD/CAE systems running on computers. Of course, high speed collisions, during an accident, are not considered "normal driving conditions", so the wheel and tire may very well contact other parts of the vehicle at that time.
Robot's working envelope.
In robotics, the working envelope or work area is the volume of working or reaching space . Some factors of a robot's design (configurations, axes or degrees of freedom) influence its working envelope.

</doc>
<doc id="2863150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863150" title="Nirukta">
Nirukta

Nirukta (, , "explanation, etymological interpretation") is one of the six Vedanga disciplines of Hinduism, treating etymology, particularly of obscure words, especially those occurring in the Vedas. The discipline is traditionally attributed to Yaska, an ancient Sanskrit grammarian. Yāska's association with the discipline is so great that he is also referred to as Niruktakāra or Niruktakrit ("Maker of Nirukta"), as well as Niruktavat ("Author of Nirukta"). In practical use, nirukta consists of brief rules (sūtras) for deriving word meanings, supplemented with glossaries of difficult or rare Vedic words. 
Nirukta is also the name given to a celebrated commentary by Yāska on the Nighantu, an even older glossary (dated before 14th Century CE) which was already traditional in his time. Yāska's Nirukta contains a treatise on etymology, and deals with various attempts to interpret the many difficult Vedic words in the Nighantu. It is in the form of explanations of words, and is the basis for later lexicons and dictionaries. The Nighantu is now traditionally combined with the Nirukta as a unified text. 
A critical edition of the Nighantu and the Nirukta was published by Lakshman Sarup in the 1920s.
Etymology.
Nirukta (Sanskrit) from "nir" "forth, out" and the verbal root "vac-" to speak, utter. Uttered, pronounced, expressed, defined; as a noun, the etymological interpretation of a word, also the name of such works.
Use in rhetoric.
The related Sanskrit noun "" means "derivation", or in rhetoric, an "artificial explanation of a word."
Flourishes of rhetorical skills in the art of nirukta were considered a mark of commentorial authority. As a result, many Sanskrit commentaries include elaborate variations on possible word derivations, sometimes going far afield of obvious meanings in order to show hidden meanings. The nature of Sanskrit grammar, with its many contractions, gave rise to ample opportunities to provide alternate parsings for words, thus creating alternative derivations.
Many examples of the rhetorical use of nirukta occur in Bhaskararaya's commentaries. Here is an example from the opening verse of his commentary on the Ganesha Sahasranama. 
The opening verse includes ' as a name for Ganesha. The simple meaning of this name, which would have seemed obvious to his readers, would be "Protector of the Ganas", parsing the name in a straightforward way as ' (group) + "nātha" (protector). But Bhaskararaya demonstrates his skill in nirukta by parsing it in an unexpected way as the Bahuvrīhi compound "" + "atha" meaning "the one the enumeration () of whose qualities brings about auspiciousness. The word "atha" is associated with auspiciousness ()." This rhetorical flourish at the opening of the sahasranama demonstrates Bhaskaraya's skills in nirukta at the very beginning of his commentary on a thousand such names, including a clever twist appropriate to the context of a sahasranama.

</doc>
<doc id="2863154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863154" title="Nevriye Yılmaz">
Nevriye Yılmaz

Nevriye Yılmaz (; born June 16, 1980 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a Turkish professional female basketball player of Galatasaray. Yılmaz, who grew up in Bulgaria in a Turkish family, moved to İstanbul, Turkey with her parents when she was nine years old.
In 1997, she won the World High School Basketball Championship with Boğaziçi Lisesi.
Career in Europe.
She began her basketball career with I.U.S.B.K. (1997–99) and then she played Galatasaray (1999-01) where she won her first Turkish Championship in Turkey.
She moved first to the Greek team Apollon Ptolemaida (2001–02) then later to the Bulgarian team Academic Plovdiv (2002). Yılmaz moved then to Italy to play for Termini di Mareze (2002–03), La Spezia Basket (2003–04) and Pool Comense Como (2004–05).
WNBA.
Yılmaz is the first Turkish woman to play in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). In 1999, she participated in the Charlotte Sting's training camp, but was released before the season started. In 2000, she attended the training camp for the now-defunct Miami Sol, but was also released prior to the start of the regular season. Then in 2003, Yılmaz signed a free agent contract with the Phoenix Mercury and played five games for them. The following year, 2004, she played seven games for the San Antonio Silver Stars.
Fenerbahçe.
In 2005, she returned home to play in Fenerbahçe Istanbul. Yılmaz is the pinnacle of Turkish women's basketball who has all the mental tools to become one of the great figures in her sport after transferred to Fenerbahçe Istanbul. Despite her star status, she is a player who is always thriving to become better and is never satisfied with what she has accomplished. After years, she is deadly in all aspects of her game. She is an adept passer from the post, a shooter and a banger inside. In addition, she is a voracious competitor and never backs away. But that passion, interestingly, comes with humility. She does not see herself as better than other players on the team and her main driving force is to not only get better personally but to improve as a team. All of her goods make her both club and international team's captain.
She won 2005 Europe Cup Ribaund Quenn and 2007 EuroLeague Women All-Star player honor.
Galatasaray.
On 6 July 2012, she signed a two-year contract with Galatasaray Women’s Basketball Team.
National team.
She participated at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain and won a gold medal with Turkey national women's basketball team.
Yılmaz is with more than 180 games (188 games until 7 December 2007) the most capped national player. She was a student in the "Sports Academy" at the Istanbul University.

</doc>
<doc id="2863155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863155" title="5.15">
5.15

"5.15" (sometimes written "5:15" or "5'15") is a song written by Pete Townshend of British rock band The Who from their second rock opera, "Quadrophenia" (1973). The song reached number 20 on the UK Singles Chart, while the 1979 re-release (accompanying the film and soundtrack album) reached number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Although written as "5.15" on the single cover, on the back cover of "Quadrophenia" (the album from which the song is taken) it is written as "5:15".
Role in the plot of "Quadrophenia".
In the song, the main character Jimmy has taken the titular train to Brighton, consumed a lot of drugs, recollecting his life with the Mods, the cultural movement to which he belongs (even if he has dropped out for now), and their duels with the Rockers. Jimmy's memories are extremely disjointed, consisting mainly of anger, confusion, violence, sexual frustration, and rootlessness.
"5.15", like many of the songs from "Quadrophenia," is self-referential - ""M-m-m-my generation"" is a line - and thus represents an angrily self-centered, teenage disconnection with society, family and the opposite sex. 'Jimmy' was ""born in the war"" (that is, World War II and its aftermath) and does not understand why he should care about it (or anything) in the context of his extravagant Mod values.

</doc>
<doc id="2863161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863161" title="Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein">
Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein

Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein (MOG) is a glycoprotein believed to be important in the myelination of nerves in the central nervous system (CNS). In humans this protein is encoded by the "MOG" gene. It is speculated to serve as a necessary “adhesion molecule” to provide structural integrity to the myelin sheath and is known to develop late on the oligodendrocyte.
Molecular function.
While the primary molecular function of MOG is not yet known, its likely role with the myelin sheath is either in sheath “completion and/or maintenance”. More specifically, MOG is speculated to be “necessary” as an "adhesion molecule" on the myelin sheath of the CNS to provide the structural integrity of the myelin sheath.”
MOG’s cDNA coding region in humans have been shown to be “highly homologous” to rats, mice, and bovine, and hence highly conserved. This suggests “an important biological role for this protein”.
Physiology.
The gene for MOG, found on chromosome 6p21.3-p22, was first sequenced in 1995. It is a transmembrane protein expressed on the surface of oligodendrocyte cell and on the outermost surface of myelin sheaths. “MOG is a quantitatively minor type I transmembrane protein, and is found exclusively in the CNS. “A single Ig-domain is exposed to the extracellular space" and consequently allows autoantibodies easy access. and therefore easily accessible for autoantibodies. The MOG “primary nuclear transcript … is 15,561 nucleotides in length" and, for humans, it has eight exons which are “separated by seven introns". The introns "contain numerous reptitive DNA" sequences, among which is "14 Alu sequences within 3 introns", and have a range varying from 242 to 6484 bp.
Structure.
Because of alternatively spliced from human mRNA of MOG gene forming at least nine isoforms.
The crystal structure of myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein was determined by x-ray diffraction at a resolution of 1.45 Angstrom, using protein from the Norway rat. This protein is 139 residues long, and is a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily. The dssp secondary structure of the protein is 6% helical and 43% beta sheet: there are three short helical segments and ten beta strands. The beta strands are within two antiparallel beta sheets that form an immunoglobulin-like beta-sandwich fold. Several features of the protein structure suggest MOG has a role as an "adhesin in the completion and/or compaction of the myelin sheath." There is a "significant strip" of electronegative charge beginning near the N-terminus and running about half the length of the molecule. Also, MOG was shown to dimerize in solution, and the shape complementarity index is high at the dimer interface, suggesting a "biologically relevant MOG dimer."
Synthesis.
Developmentally, MOG is formed "very late on oligodendrocytes and the myelin sheath".
Role in disease.
Interest in MOG has centered on its role in demyelinating diseases, such as adrenoleukodystrophy, vanishing white matter disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) and Rubella induced mental retardation. It is a target antigen that leads to autoimmune-mediated demyelation. MOG has received much of its laboratory attention in studies dealing with MS. Several studies have shown a role for antibodies against MOG in the pathogenesis of MS. Animal models of MS, EAE, have shown that “MOG-specific EAE models (of different animal strains) display/mirror human multiple sclerosis", as is demonstrated by the demyelinating capacity and by the topography of the lesions. These models have shown that the anti-MOG antibodies are the cause of the demyelination. These models with anti-MOG antibodies have been investigated extensively and “are the only antibodies with demyelinating capacity”.
Multiple Sclerosis.
The pathogenic process to MS is currently unknown, but there are a couple of theories based on current research. One of the current leading theories is "antibody-mediated demyelination", where the immune system is attacking the body: specifically the central nervous system, leading to demyelination. In this theory, target antigens mark the body for antibodies to attack. Going into more detail, it is the T-cell and B-cells that “have been widely implicated in the MS pathogenesis through an antibody-mediated demylination”. Two suspected antigens involved in pathogenesis of MS are commonly investigated among a large number of various antigens in some of the studies that will be mentioned. One is myelin basic protein (MBP), which has already been shown to have many antibodies present against it in early MS. The other is myelin oligodendrocyte glycoproteins (MOG). Both "have been identified as targets of the immune response". Tying back into the “antibody-mediated demyelination” theory, these antibodies that result from the immune response might be factors that contribute to the development of multiple sclerosis.
In one particular study, the presence of anti-MOG and anti-MBP antibodies in patients' blood sera was correlated with an MS relapse among people with a "clinically isolated syndrome," converting their diagnosis to "clinically definite". Only 23% of the patients who tested seronegative for both antibodies relapsed, after 45.1±13.7 months. In contrast, 83% of the patients with only the anti-MOG antibody had a relapsed after 14.6±9.6 months. All but one of the 22 patients who had both antibodies relapsed after 7.5 ± 4.4 months.
Given the results, a patient with a “clinically isolated syndrome” that appears headed for MS still has a highly varied prognosis and does not necessarily become “clinically definite” MS. The results are consistent with previous data on the disease. For instance, 30-40 percent of MS cases are said to be relatively benign, and in this study 38 percent of the patients were negative for the antibodies. This suggests that in the infancy of a disease, the “antibody status” can identify patients "who are likely to have a relatively benign" case of the disease. The article also emphasizes that these results do not prove that the antibodies cause demyelination, but that they are a useful diagnostic indicator of disease progression. One practical application of this study is that the method provides a cheaper and easier alternative to the current strategy of using MRI imaging to assess a patient’s risk of relapsing into MS from a "clinically isolated" diagnosis.
In a similar study, the risk conversion for patients diagnosed with clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) to develop clinically definite MS was studied. The anti-myelin antibodies were investigated as the possible predictor for this risk conversion. While 90 percent of CIS patients develop clinically definite multiple sclerosis within so many months to years, the results showed that patients who recorded negatively for antibodies generally have a more favorable prognosis in the delay of this development. Patients who tested positive for antibodies were able to “benefit from early treatment". Over a 12 month period, 30 patients tested positive for antibodies. 22 of those patients had developed CDMS. Of the patients who tested negative for antibodies, none of them developed CDMS.
In spite of these findings, another study suggests that these studies do not conclusively dictate that MOG is indeed one of the primary contributors in the pathogenic pathway for MS. MOG has shown the ability to lead to “demyelination in vitro and in experimental animals”. And it has been found both in nerve-tissue lesions, as well as in patients diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Still, the significance of these findings are not conclusive. Two other studies have only been able to confirm the results presented in the studies mentioned “in a subgroup analysis”. And “three other studies obtained negative results”. This particular study provides an alternative outcome to the given findings by suggesting that this anti-MOG antibody correlation to the development of MS “may at least in part reflect cross-reactivity between MOG and Epstein-Barr nuclear antigen.” With MOG only being synthesized in the CNS, it has become associated with MS. But the true link between MOG and MS is still very controversial, particularly because of the lack of evidence supporting the link between “biologically active anti-MOG antibodies" and the demyelination that leads to multiple sclerosis. And, while the anti-MOG antibodies are able to be measured in determining the extent of damage in the tissue caused by MS, “apart from biologically active antibodies", it may be that “antibodies are just a bystander phenomenon of CNS tissue destruction".

</doc>
<doc id="2863165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863165" title="Life Is a Rock (But the Radio Rolled Me)">
Life Is a Rock (But the Radio Rolled Me)

"Life Is a Rock (But the Radio Rolled Me)" is a 1974 song by an "ad hoc" group of studio musicians called Reunion, with Joey Levine (bubblegum music pioneer with "Chewy Chewy" and "Yummy Yummy Yummy" to his credit) as the lead singer. The song was written by Paul DiFranco (music) and Norman Dolph (lyrics). The lyrics are a fast patter of 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s disc jockeys, musicians, songwriters, record labels, song titles and lyrics, broken only by the chorus.
Given the various musical icons on the laundry list, the Jack the Ripper mention may be a reference to Link Wray. His 1961 instrumental called "Jack the Ripper" was also covered by The Raybeats, who made a music video to go with it.
The harmony used during the latter part of the record is based on the tune of "Baby I Need Your Loving" by The Four Tops.
It peaked at No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and reached No. 33 in the UK Singles Chart. The track was later covered by Tracey Ullman in 1984, and was featured in her album, "You Broke My Heart in 17 Places".
Covers.
This song was remade by Randy Crenshaw and released on 2001 Disney album "Mickey's Dance Party" under the name "Life Is a Rock (But the Radio Rolled Me...Again!)" The remake includes references not just to current and past music groups, but also to TV shows and internet slang, and some Disney characters.
A "customized" version of the song, "Life is a Rock, but 'CFL Rolled Me" was the last rock and roll song played on the Larry Lujack show on WCFL in Chicago on 15 March 1976, before the station switched from Top 40 to beautiful music format. Rival AM station WLS had their own version ("Life Is a Rock, WLS Rolled Me"). This latter version is still played from time to time on WLS-FM, now airing an oldies format. In 1974, radio station KFRC in San Francisco also aired a "customized" version of the song, titled "Life Is a Rock (But KFRC Rolled Me)," with an extra verse naming all of the station's personalities at the time. The verse was sung by KFRC's afternoon personality, Chuck Buell.
In 1988 McDonald's produced a jingle heavily influenced by the song for its "$1,000,000 Menu Song" promotion. The McDonald's recording, with an identical melody and a rapidly spoken list of menu offerings recited in an identical monotone pitch and rhythm, was released as a mass giveaway in the form of a 33-1/3 RPM flexible plastic single.
Name checks.
The 45-rpm single version fades out here. The extended album version continues, with the following references:
Performed as medley or spoken over the fade-out:

</doc>
<doc id="2863172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863172" title="Aïcha">
Aïcha

"Aïcha" is the name of a song written by the French singer songwriter Jean-Jacques Goldman. The title refers to an Arabic female name.
The song was originally performed by Algerian raï artist Khaled. The original French single was never released in an album, though Khaled's 1996 album "Sahra" featured a bilingual version of the song sung in both French and Arabic. The Arabic lyrics for the bilingual version of the song are written by Khaled. Khaled's music video was directed by Sarah Moon.
Lyrics / theme.
The song's lyrics are about a woman named Aïcha, who is being wooed by a man. He promises her pearls, jewels, poems, and other luxuries and romantic things, to which she replies:
The song's chorus has the following words in French (with English translation):
The lyrics were all in French. The Arabic verse by Khaled (his own composition) added later is as follows:
Outlandish version.
In 2003, the Danish hip hop band, Outlandish, recorded and released an English version of the song "Aicha" which was included in their album "Bread & Barrels of Water" and was produced & and musically performed by Mintman aka Carsten Mortensen . The song peaked at #2 in the Mega Single Top 100 for 2 weeks and for 3 weeks in the Swedish Singles Chart. It also reached the top in Switzerland, and #3 in Austria and Norway and #8 in Belgium. A video was also shot for the single.
Other versions.
The original song has since been remade by several singers and bands:
It has been adapted to several other languages:

</doc>
<doc id="2863173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863173" title="Birsel Vardarlı">
Birsel Vardarlı

Birsel Vardarlı (born July 12, 1984 in İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish basketball player. She currently plays for Fenerbahçe İstanbul. She is 175 cm tall and 64 kg weight. The guard also played for Migrosspor between 2005–07.
Vardarli acts as the brains of the storm that is Turkish basketball and adds purpose to the chaos. The Izmir native has a great basketball IQ and uses it to its fullest extent on the court. But on this team there is very little time to think. That makes split-second decision making a critical part of her game. The 23-year-old is never hesitant to take the big shot and she has assumed the role of clutch performer with the National Team. With EuroLeague Women experience under her belt, Vardarli has grown to be even more mature and that should show itself at EuroBasket Women 2007.
She participated at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain and won gold medal with the national team. She capped 105 times for national.
On July 9, 2011, she signed extension contract with the Fenerbahçe İstanbul until 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2863180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863180" title="Pre-Code Hollywood">
Pre-Code Hollywood

Pre-Code Hollywood refers to the era in the American film industry between the introduction of sound in the late 1920s and the enforcement of the Motion Picture Production Code (usually labeled, albeit inaccurately after 1934, as the "Hays Code") censorship guidelines. Although the Code was adopted in 1930, oversight was poor and it did not become rigorously enforced until July 1, 1934. Before that date, movie content was restricted more by local laws, negotiations between the Studio Relations Committee (SRC) and the major studios, and popular opinion, than strict adherence to the Hays Code, which was often ignored by Hollywood filmmakers.
As a result, films in the late 1920s and early 1930s included sexual innuendo, miscegenation, profanity, illegal drug use, promiscuity, prostitution, infidelity, abortion, intense violence, and homosexuality. Strong women dominated films such as "Female", "Baby Face", and "Red-Headed Woman". Gangsters in films like "The Public Enemy", "Little Caesar", and "Scarface" were seen by many as heroic rather than evil. Along with featuring stronger female characters, films examined female subject matters that would not be revisited until decades later in American films. Nefarious characters were seen to profit from their deeds, in some cases without significant repercussions, and drug use was a topic of several films. Many of Hollywood's biggest stars such as Clark Gable, Barbara Stanwyck, and Edward G. Robinson got their start in the era. Other stars who excelled during this period, however, like Ruth Chatterton (who decamped to England) and Warren William (the so-called "king of Pre-Code", who died in 1948), would wind up essentially forgotten by the general public within a generation.
Beginning in late 1933 and escalating throughout the first half of 1934, American Roman Catholics launched a campaign against what they deemed the immorality of American cinema. This, plus a potential government takeover of film censorship and social research seeming to indicate that movies which were seen to be immoral could promote bad behavior, was enough pressure to force the studios to capitulate to greater oversight.
Origins of the Code.
In 1922, after some risqué films and a series of off-screen scandals involving Hollywood stars, the studios enlisted beacon of rectitude and Presbyterian elder William H. "Will" Hays to rehabilitate Hollywood's image. Hays, later nicknamed the motion picture "Czar", was paid the then-lavish sum of $100,000 a year (equivalent to more than $1.3 million in 2012 dollars). Hays, Postmaster General under Warren G. Harding and former head of the Republican National Committee, served for 25 years as president of the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America (MPPDA), where he "defended the industry from attacks, recited soothing nostrums, and negotiated treaties to cease hostilities." The move mimicked the decision Major League Baseball had made in hiring judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis as League Commissioner the previous year to quell questions about the integrity of baseball in wake of the 1919 World Series gambling scandal; "The New York Times" called Hays the "screen Landis".
Hays introduced a set of recommendations dubbed "The Formula" in 1924, which the studios were advised to heed, and asked filmmakers to describe to his office the plots of pictures they were planning. The Supreme Court had already decided unanimously in 1915 in "Mutual Film Corporation v. Industrial Commission of Ohio" that free speech did not extend to motion pictures, and while there had been token attempts to clean up the movies before, such as when the studios formed the National Association of the Motion Picture Industry (NAMPI) in 1916, little had come of the efforts.
Creation of the Code and its contents.
In 1929, Catholic layman Martin Quigley, editor of the prominent trade paper "Motion Picture Herald", and Father Daniel A. Lord, a Jesuit priest, created a code of standards (which Hays liked immensely), and submitted it to the studios. Lord's concerns centered on the effects sound film had on children, whom he considered especially susceptible to their allure. Several studio heads, including Irving Thalberg of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM), met with Lord and Quigley in February 1930. After some revisions, they agreed to the stipulations of the Code. One of the main motivating factors in adopting the Code was to avoid direct government intervention. It was the responsibility of the Studio Relations Committee, headed by Colonel Jason S. Joy, to supervise film production and advise the studios when changes or cuts were required.
The Code was divided into two parts. The first was a set of "general principles" which mostly concerned morality. The second was a set of "particular applications" which was an exacting list of items that could not be depicted. Some restrictions, such as the ban on homosexuality or the use of specific curse words, were never directly mentioned but were assumed to be understood without clear demarcation. Miscegenation, the mixing of the races, was forbidden. It stated that the notion of an "adults-only policy" would be a dubious, ineffective strategy that would be difficult to enforce. However, it did allow that "maturer minds may easily understand and accept without harm subject matter in plots which does younger people positive harm." If children were supervised and the events implied elliptically, the code allowed "the possibility of a cinematically inspired thought crime".
The Code sought not only to determine what could be portrayed on screen, but also to promote traditional values. Sexual relations outside of marriage could not be portrayed as attractive and beautiful, presented in a way that might arouse passion, nor be made to seem right and permissible. All criminal action had to be punished, and neither the crime nor the criminal could elicit sympathy from the audience. Authority figures had to be treated respectfully, and the clergy could not be portrayed as comic characters or villains. Under some circumstances, politicians, police officers and judges could be villains, as long as it was clear that they were the exception to the rule.
The entire document contained Catholic undertones and stated that art must be handled carefully because it could be "morally evil in its effects" and because its "deep moral significance" was unquestionable. The Catholic influence on the Code was initially kept secret. A recurring theme was "throughout, the audience feels sure that evil is wrong and good is right." The Code contained an addendum commonly referred to as the Advertising Code, which regulated film advertising copy and imagery.
Enforcement.
On February 19, 1930, "Variety" published the entire contents of the Code and predicted that state film censorship boards would soon become obsolete. However, the men obligated to enforce the code, Jason Joy, who was the head of the Committee until 1932, and his successor, Dr. James Wingate, were generally ineffective. The very first film the office reviewed, "The Blue Angel", which was passed by Joy without revision, was considered indecent by a California censor. Although there were several instances where Joy negotiated cuts from films, and there were indeed definite—albeit loose—constraints, a significant amount of lurid material made it to the screen.
Joy had to review 500 films a year using a small staff and little power. The Hays office did not have the authority to order studios to remove material from a film in 1930, but instead worked by reasoning and sometimes pleading with them. Complicating matters, the appeals process ultimately put the responsibility for making the final decision in the hands of the studios themselves.
One factor in ignoring the Code was the fact that some found such censorship prudish. This was a period in which the Victorian era was sometimes ridiculed as being naïve and backward. When the Code was announced, "The Nation", a liberal periodical, attacked it. The publication stated that if crime were never presented in a sympathetic light, then, taken literally, "law" and "justice" would become the same. Therefore, events such as the Boston Tea Party could not be portrayed. And if clergy were always to be presented positively, then hypocrisy could not be examined either. The "Outlook" agreed, and, unlike "Variety", predicted from the beginning the Code would be difficult to enforce. Additionally, the Great Depression of the 1930s led many studios to seek income by any way possible. As films containing racy and violent content resulted in high ticket sales, it seemed reasonable to continue producing such films. Soon, the flouting of the code became an open secret. In 1931, the "Hollywood Reporter" mocked the code, and "Variety" followed suit in 1933. In the same year as the "Variety" article, a noted screenwriter stated that "the Hays moral code is not even a joke any more; it's just a memory."
Early sound film era.
Although the liberalization of sexuality in American film had increased during the 1920s, the Pre-Code era is either dated to the start of the sound film era, or more generally to March 1930 when the Hays Code was first written. Over the protests of NAMPI, New York became the first state to take advantage of the Supreme Court's decision in Mutual film vs. Ohio by instituting a censorship board in 1921. Virginia followed suit the following year, and eight individual states had a board by the advent of sound film.
Many of these boards were ineffectual. By the 1920s, the New York stage, a frequent source of subsequent screen material, had topless shows; performances were filled with curse words, mature subject matter, and sexually suggestive dialogue. Early during the sound system conversion process, it became apparent that what might be acceptable in New York would not be so in Kansas. In 1927, Hays suggested studio executives form a committee to discuss film censorship. Irving G. Thalberg of Metro Goldwyn Mayer (MGM), Sol Wurtzel of Fox, and E. H. Allen of Paramount responded by collaborating on a list they called the "Don'ts and Be Carefuls", based on items that were challenged by local censor boards, and which consisted of eleven subjects best avoided, and twenty-six to be handled very carefully. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) approved the list, and Hays created the SRC to oversee its implementation. But there was still no way to enforce these tenets. The controversy surrounding film standards came to a head in 1929.
Director Cecil B. DeMille was responsible for the increasing discussion of sex in cinema in the 1920s. Starting with "Male and Female" (1919), he made a series of films that examined sex and were highly successful. Films featuring Hollywood's original "It girl" Clara Bow such as "The Saturday Night Kid" (released four days before the October 29, 1929, market crash) highlighted Bow's sexual attractiveness. 1920s stars such as Bow, Gloria Swanson, and Norma Talmadge freely displayed their sexuality in a straightforward fashion.
Hollywood during the Great Depression.
The Great Depression presented a unique time for film-making in the United States. The economic disaster brought on by the Stock Market crash of 1929 changed American values and beliefs in various ways. Themes of American exceptionalism and traditional concepts of personal achievement, self-reliance, and the overcoming of odds lost great currency. Due to the constant empty economic reassurances from politicians in the early years of the Depression, the American public developed an increasingly jaded attitude.
The cynicism, challenging of traditional beliefs, and political controversy of Hollywood films during this period mirrored the attitudes of many of their patrons. Also gone was the carefree and adventurous lifestyle of the 1920s. "After two years the Jazz Age seems as far away as the days before the war", F. Scott Fitzgerald commented in 1931. In the sense noted by Fitzgerald, understanding the moral climate of the early 1930s is complex. Although films experienced an unprecedented level of freedom and dared to portray things that would be kept hidden for several decades, many in America looked upon the stock market crash as a product of the excesses of the previous decade. In looking back upon the 1920s, events were increasingly seen as occurring in prelude to the market crash. In "Dance, Fools, Dance" (1931), lurid party scenes featuring 1920s flappers are played to excess. Joan Crawford ultimately reforms her ways and is saved; less fortunate is William Bakewell, who continues on the careless path that leads to his ultimate self-destruction.
For the film "Rain or Shine" (1930), Milton Ager and Jack Yellin composed "Happy Days Are Here Again". The song was repeated sarcastically by characters in several films such as "Under 18" (1932) and "20,000 Years in Sing Sing" (1933). Less comical was the picture of the United States' future presented in "Heroes for Sale" that same year (1933), in which a hobo looks into a depressing night and proclaims, "It's the end of America".
"Heroes for Sale" was directed by prolific Pre-Code director William Wellman and featured silent film star Richard Barthelmess as a World War I veteran cast onto the streets with a morphine addiction from his hospital stay. In "Wild Boys of the Road" (1933), the young man played by Frankie Darrow leads a group of dispossessed juvenile drifters who frequently brawl with the police. Such gangs were common; around 250,000 youths traveled the country by hopping trains or hitchhiking in search of better economic circumstances in the early 1930s.
Complicating matters for the studios, the advent of sound film in 1927 required an immense expenditure in sound stages, recording booths, cameras, and movie-theater sound systems, not to mention the new-found artistic complications of producing in a radically altered medium. The studios were in a difficult financial position even before the market crash as the sound conversion process and some risky purchases of theater chains had pushed their finances near the breaking point. These economic circumstances led to a loss of nearly half of the weekly attendance numbers and closure of almost a third of the country's theaters in the first few years of the depression. Even so, 60 million Americans went to the cinema weekly.
Apart from the economic realities of the conversion to sound, were the artistic considerations. Early sound films were often noted for being too verbose. In 1930, Carl Laemmle criticized the wall-to-wall banter of sound pictures, and director Ernst Lubitsch wondered what the camera was intended for if characters were going to narrate all the onscreen action. The film industry also withstood competition from the home radio, and often characters in films went to great lengths to belittle the medium. The film industry was not above using the new medium to broadcast commercials for its projects however, and occasionally turned radio stars into short feature performers to take advantage of their built-in following.
Seething beneath the surface of American life in the Depression was the fear of the angry mob, portrayed in panicked hysteria in films such as "Gabriel Over the White House" (1933), "The Mayor of Hell" (1933), and "American Madness" (1932). Massive wide shots of angry hordes, comprising sometimes hundreds of men, rush into action in terrifyingly efficient uniformity. Groups of agitated men either standing in breadlines, loitering in hobo camps, or marching the streets in protest became a prevalent sight during the Great Depression. The Bonus Army protests of World War I veterans on the capital in Washington, D.C., on which Hoover unleashed a brutal crackdown, prompted many of the Hollywood depictions. Although social issues were examined more directly in the Pre-Code era, Hollywood still largely ignored the Great Depression, as many films sought to ameliorate patrons, rather than incite them.
Hays remarked in 1932:
Social problem films.
Hays and others, such as Samuel Goldwyn, obviously felt that motion pictures presented a form of escapism that served a palliative effect on American moviegoers. Goldwyn had coined the famous dictum, "If you want to send a message, call Western Union" in the Pre-Code era. However, the MPPDA took the opposite stance when questioned about certain so-called "message" films before Congress in 1932, claiming the audiences' desire for realism led to certain unsavory social, legal, and political issues being portrayed in film.
The length of Pre-Code films was usually comparatively short, but that running time often required tighter material and did not affect the impact of message films. "Employees' Entrance" (1933) received the following review from Jonathan Rosenbaum: "As an attack on ruthless capitalism, it goes a lot further than more recent efforts such as "Wall Street", and it's amazing how much plot and character are gracefully shoehorned into 75 minutes." The film featured Pre-Code megastar Warren William (later dubbed "the king of Pre-Code"), "at his magnetic worst", playing a particularly vile and heartless department store manager who, for example, terminates the jobs of two long-standing male employees, one of whom commits suicide as a result. He also threatens to fire Loretta Young's character, who pretends to be single to stay employed, unless she sleeps with him, then attempts to ruin her husband after learning she is married.
Films which stated a position about a social issue were usually labeled either "propaganda films" or "preachment yarns". In contrast to Goldwyn and MGM's definitively Republican stance on social issue films, Warner Brothers, led by New Deal cheerleader Jack L. Warner, was the most prominent maker of these types of pictures and preferred they be called "Americanism stories". Pre-Code historian Thomas Doherty has written that two recurring elements marked the so-called preachment yarns. "The first is the exculpatory preface; the second is the Jazz Age prelude." The preface was essentially a softened version of a disclaimer that intended to calm any in the audience who disagreed with the film's message. The Jazz Age prelude was almost singularly used to cast shame on the boisterous behavior of the 1920s.
"Cabin in the Cotton" (1932) is a Warner Bros. message film about the evils of capitalism. The film takes place in an unspecified southern state where workers are given barely enough to survive and taken advantage of by being charged exorbitant interest rates and high prices by unscrupulous landowners. The film is decidedly anti-capitalist; however, its preface claims otherwise: In the end, however, the planters admit their wrongdoing and agree to a more equitable distribution of capital.
The avaricious businessman remained a recurring character in Pre-Code cinema. In "The Match King" (1932), Warren William played an industrialist based on real-life Swedish entrepreneur Ivar Kreuger, himself nicknamed the "Match King", who attempts to corner the global market on matches. William's vile character, Paul Kroll, commits robbery, fraud, and murder on his way from a janitor to a captain of industry. When the market collapses in the 1929 crash, Kroll is ruined and commits suicide to avoid imprisonment. William played another unscrupulous businessman in "Skyscraper Souls" (1932): David Dwight, a wealthy banker who owns a building named after himself that is larger than the Empire State Building. He tricks everyone he knows into poverty to appropriate others' wealth. He is ultimately shot by his secretary (Verree Teasdale), who then ends the film and her own life by walking off the roof of the skyscraper.
Americans' mistrust and dislike of lawyers was a frequent topic of dissection in social problem films such "Lawyer Man" (1933), "State's Attorney", and "The Mouthpiece" (1932). In films such as "Paid" (1930), the legal system turns innocent characters into criminals. The life of Joan Crawford's character is ruined and her romantic interest is executed so that she may live free, although she is innocent of the crime for which the district attorney wants to convict her. Religious hypocrisy was addressed in such films as "The Miracle Woman" (1931), starring Barbara Stanwyck and directed by Frank Capra. Stanwyck also portrayed a nurse and initially reluctant heroine who manages to save, via unorthodox means, two young children in danger from nefarious characters (including Clark Gable as a malevolent chauffeur) in "Night Nurse" (1931).
Countless films dealt with the economic realities of a country struggling to find its next meal. In "Blonde Venus" (1932), Marlene Dietrich's character resorts to prostitution to feed her child, and Claudette Colbert's character in "It Happened One Night" (1934) gets her comeuppance for throwing a tray of food onto the floor by later finding herself without food or financial resources. Joan Blondell's character in "Big City Blues" (1932) reflects that as a chorus girl she regularly received diamonds and pearls as gifts, but now must content herself with a corned beef sandwich. In "Union Depot" (1932), Douglas Fairbanks Jr. puts a luscious meal as the first order of business on his itinerary after coming into money.
Political releases.
Not surprisingly given the social circumstances, politically-oriented social problem films ridiculed politicians and portrayed them as incompetent bumblers, scoundrels, and liars. In "The Dark Horse" (1932), Warren William is again enlisted, this time to get an imbecile, who is accidentally in the running for Governor, elected. The candidate wins the election despite his incessant, embarrassing mishaps. "Washington Merry-Go-Round" portrayed the state of a political system stuck in neutral. Columbia Pictures nearly released the film with a scene of the public execution of a politician as the climax before deciding to cut it.
Cecil B. DeMille released "This Day and Age" in 1933, and it stands in stark contrast to his other films of the period. Filmed shortly after DeMille had completed a five-month tour of the Soviet Union, "This Day and Age" takes place in America and features several children torturing a gangster who got away with the murder of a popular local shopkeeper. The youngsters are seen lowering the gangster into a vat of rats when the police arrive, and their response is to encourage the youths to continue this. The film ends with the youngsters taking the gangster to a local judge and forcing the magistrate to conduct a trial in which the outcome is never in doubt.
The need for strong leaders who could take charge and steer America out of its crisis is seen in "Gabriel Over the White House" (1933), about a benevolent dictator who takes control of the United States. Walter Huston stars as a weak-willed, ineffectual president (likely modeled after Hoover) who is inhabited by the archangel Gabriel upon being knocked unconscious. The spirit's behavior is similar to that of Abraham Lincoln. The president solves the nation's unemployment crisis and executes an Al Capone-type criminal who has continually flouted the law.
Dictators were not just glorified in fiction. Columbia's "Mussolini Speaks" (1933) was a 76-minute paean to the Fascist leader, narrated by NBC radio commentator Lowell Thomas. After showing some of the progress Italy has made during Il Duce's 10-year reign, Thomas opines, "This is a time when a dictator comes in handy!" The film was viewed by over 175,000 jubilant people during its first two weeks at the cavernous Palace Theater in Albany, New York.
The election of Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR) in 1932 quelled the public affection for dictators. As the country became increasingly enthralled with FDR, who was featured in countless newsreels, it exhibited less desire for alternative forms of government. Many Hollywood films reflected this new optimism. "Heroes for Sale", despite being a tremendously bleak and at times anti-American film, ends on a positive note as the New Deal appears as a sign of optimism. When "Wild Boys of the Road" (1933), directed by William Wellman, reaches its conclusion, a dispossessed juvenile delinquent is in court expecting a jail sentence. However the judge lets the boy go free, revealing to him the symbol of the New Deal behind his desk, and tells him "hings are going to be better here now, not only here in New York, but all over the country." A box-office casualty of this hopefulness was "Gabriel over the White House", which entered production during the Hoover era malaise and sought to capitalize on it. By the time the film was released on March 31, 1933, FDR's election had produced a level of hopefulness in America that rendered the film's message obsolete.
Adolf Hitler's rise to power in Germany and his regime's anti-Semitic policies significantly affected American Pre-Code film-making. Although Hitler had become unpopular in many parts of the United States, Germany was still a voluminous importer of American films and the studios wanted to appease the German government. The ban on Jews and negative portrayals of Germany in the Fatherland even led to a significant reduction in work for Jews in Hollywood until after the end of World War II. As a result, only two social problem films released by independent film companies addressed the mania in Germany during the Pre-Code era ("Are We Civilized?" and "Hitler's Reign of Terror").
In 1933, Herman J. Mankiewicz and producer Sam Jaffe announced they were working on a picture, to be titled "Mad Dog of Europe", which was intended to be a full-scale attack on Hitler. Jaffe had quit his job at RKO Pictures to make the film. Hays summoned the pair to his office and told them to cease production as they were causing needless headaches for the studios. Germany had threatened to seize all the properties of the Hollywood producers in Germany and ban the import of any future American films.
Crime films.
In the early 1900s, the United States was still primarily a rural country, especially in self-identity. D. W. Griffith's "The Musketeers of Pig Alley" (1912) is one of the earliest American films to feature urban organized crime. Prohibition's arrival in 1920 created an environment where anyone who wanted to drink had to consort with criminals, especially in urban areas. Nonetheless, the urban-crime genre was mostly ignored until 1927 when "Underworld", which is recognized as the first gangster movie, became a surprise hit. According to the "Encyclopedia of Hollywood" entry on "Underworld", ""The film established the fundamental elements of the gangster movie: a hoodlum hero; ominous, night-shrouded city streets; floozies; and a blazing finale in which the cops cut down the protagonist."" Gangster films such as "Thunderbolt" (1929), and "Doorway to Hell" were released to capitalize on "Underworld's" popularity, with "Thunderbolt" being described as "a virtual remake" of the film. Other late 1920s crime films investigated the connection between mobsters and Broadway productions in movies such as "Lights of New York" (1928), "Tenderloin" (1928) and "Broadway" (1929).
The Hays Office had never officially recommended banning violence in any form in the 1920s—unlike profanity, the drug trade or prostitution—but advised that it be handled carefully. New York's censor board was more thorough than that of any other state, missing only around 50 of the country's 1,000 to 1,300 annual releases. In 1927–28 the violent scenes removed were all of those in which a gun was pointed at the camera, some instances in which guns were pointed "at or into the body of another character", many shots where machine guns were featured, scenes where criminals shot at law enforcement officers, some scenes involving stabbing or knife brandishing (audiences considered stabbings more disturbing than shootings), most whippings, several involving choking, torture, or electrocution, and any scenes which could be considered educational in their depiction of crime methods. Sadistic violence and reaction shots showing the faces of individuals on the receiving end of violence were considered especially sensitive areas. The Code later recommended against scenes showing robbery, theft, safe-cracking, arson, "the use of firearms", "dynamiting of trains, machines, and buildings", and "brutal killings", on the basis that they would be rejected by local censors.
Birth of the Hollywood gangster.
In the early 1930s, several real-life criminals became celebrities. Two in particular captured the American imagination: Al Capone and John Dillinger. Gangsters like Capone had transformed the perception of entire cities. Capone gave Chicago its "reputation as the locus classicus of American gangsterdom, a cityscape where bullet-proof roadsters with tommygun-toting hoodlums on running boards careened around State Street spraying fusillades of slugs into flower shop windows and mowing down the competition in blood-spattered garages". Capone appeared on the cover of "Time" magazine in 1930. He was even offered 7-figure sums by two major Hollywood studios to appear in a film but declined. Dillinger became a national celebrity as a bank robber who eluded arrest and escaped confinement several times. He had become the most celebrated public outlaw since Jesse James. His father appeared in a popular series of newsreels giving police homespun advice on how to catch his son. Dillinger's popularity rose so quickly that "Variety" joked that "if Dillinger remains at large much longer and more such interviews are obtained, there may be some petitions circulated to make him our president." Hays wrote a cablegram to all the studios in March 1934 mandating that Dillinger not be portrayed in any motion picture.
The genre entered a new level following the release of "Little Caesar" (1931), which featured Edward G. Robinson as gangster Rico Bandello. "Caesar", along with "The Public Enemy" starring James Cagney as Tom Powers and "Scarface" (1932), featuring Paul Muni as Tony Comante, were, by standards of the time, incredibly violent films that created a new type of anti-hero. Nine gangster films were released in 1930, 26 in 1931, 28 in 1932, and 15 in 1933, when the genre's popularity began to subside after the end of Prohibition. The backlash against gangster films was swift. In 1931, Jack Warner announced that his studio would stop making them and that he himself had never allowed his 15-year-old son to see them.
Generally considered the grandfather of gangster films, in "Little Caesar", Robinson as Rico and his close friend Joe Massara (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.) move to Chicago. Joe wants to go straight and meets a woman. Rico, however, seeks a life of crime and joins the gang of Sam Vettori. He rises to the rank of boss of the crime family. After becoming concerned his friend will betray him he threatens him, at which point Joe's girlfriend goes to the police. Unable to bring himself to kill Joe and eliminate the witness against him, Rico goes into hiding. He is coaxed out by the police, who publish that he is a coward to the press. Rico is killed in a blaze of gunfire; his last words are "Mother of mercy, is this the end of Rico?" Robinson was initially cast in a small role but persuaded the film's producer to let him play the lead. Wingate, who then headed New York's censorship board, told Hays that he was flooded with complaints from people who saw kids in theaters nationwide "applaud the gang leader as a hero." The success of "Little Caesar" inspired Fox's "The Secret Six" (1931) and "Quick Millions" (1931), and Paramount's "City Streets" (1931), but the next big Hollywood gangster would come from Warners.
William Wellman's "The Public Enemy" (1931), released by Warner Brothers, features another career-defining performance, this time James Cagney as Tom Powers. The film is similar to the template set in "Little Caesar" in that it follows Powers from his rise to his eventual fall in the world of crime. The film was partially based on the real life of Chicago gangster Dion O'Banion. Cagney's character is contrasted with his puritanical brother who wants him to go straight; their mother is at the center of the conflict. Tom Powers is egotistical, amoral, heartless, ruthless, and extremely violent. The best-remembered scene in the picture is referred to as the "grapefruit scene": when Cagney's girlfriend (Mae Clark) angers him during breakfast, he shoves half a grapefruit in her face. Instead of scenes from the film, its trailer contained a voiceover warning of the picture's intensity and showed a gun being fired directly at the camera.
Cagney was even more violent towards women in the gangster film "Picture Snatcher" (1933): in one scene, he knocks out an amorous woman whose feelings he does not reciprocate and violently throws her into the backseat of his car. In April 1931, the same month as the release of "The Public Enemy", Hays recruited former police chief August Vollmer to conduct a study on the effect gangster pictures had on children. After he had finished his work, Vollmer stated that gangster films were innocuous and even overly favorable in depicting the police. Although Hays used the results to defend the film industry, the New York State censorship board was not impressed, and from 1930 through 1932, removed 2,200 crime scenes from pictures.
Some critics have named "Scarface" (1932) as the most incendiary Pre-Code gangster film. Directed by Howard Hawks and starring Muni as Tony Camonte, the film is partially based on the life of Al Capone and incorporates details of Capone's biography into the storyline. The film begins with Tony Camonte (Paul Muni) working for Johnny Lovo (Osgood Perkins), but he's dissatisfied with being a subordinate and he's also attracted to Lovo's girlfriend Poppy (Karen Morley). He has an unhealthily controlling relationship with his sister Francesca (Ann Dvorak) -- whom he expects to remain chaste—that many critics have described as incestuous. Lovo warns Camonte to leave the North Side alone as it is controlled by a rival mob, but he ignores this warning and launches a series of executions and extortions that result in a war with the North Side gang. Camonte then forcefully takes the gang over from Lovo, who tries unsuccessfully to kill him for this. Camonte's attempt to kill Lovo is more successful, and Poppy happily becomes his girl. When Camonte finds Francesca in a hotel room with his closest friend, coin-flipping gangster Guino Rinaldo (George Raft), he kills Rinaldo in a rage. Afterward, he becomes despondent when he learns that the couple had wanted to surprise him with the news that they had gotten married.
The production of "Scarface" was troubled from the start. The Hays office warned producer Howard Hughes not to make the film; when it was completed in late 1931, the Hays office demanded numerous changes including a conclusion where Comante was captured, tried, convicted, and hanged and that the film carry the subtitle "Shame of a Nation". Hughes sent the film to numerous state censorship boards, saying that he hoped to show that the film was made to combat the "gangster menace". After he was unable to get the film past the New York State censor board (then headed by Wingate) even after the changes, Hughes sued the New York board and won, allowing him to release the film in a version close to its intended form. When other local censors refused to release the edited version, the Hays Office sent Jason Joy around to them to assure them that the cycle of gangster films of this nature was ending.
"Scarface" provoked outrage mainly because of its unprecedented violence, but also for its shifts of tone from serious to comedic. Dave Kehr, writing in the "Chicago Reader", stated that the film blends "comedy and horror in a manner that suggests Chico Marx let loose with a live machine gun." In one scene, Camonte is inside a cafe while a torrent of machine-gun fire from the car of a rival gang is headed his way; when the barrage is over, Camonte picks up one of the newly-released tommy guns the gangsters dropped and exhibits childlike wonder and unrestrained excitement over the new toy. Civic leaders became furious that gangsters like Capone (who was also the blatant inspiration for "Little Caesar") were being applauded in movie houses all across America. The screenplay, adapted by Ben Hecht who was a journalist in Chicago, contained biographical details for Muni's character in "Scarface" that were so obviously taken from Capone, and the detail so close, that it was impossible not to draw the parallels.
One of the factors that made gangster pictures so subversive was that, in the difficult economic times of the Depression, there already existed the viewpoint that the only way to get financial success was through crime. The "Kansas City Times" argued that although adults may not be particularly affected, these films were "misleading, contaminating, and often demoralizing to children and youth." Exacerbating the problem, some cinema theater owners advertised gangster pictures with a singular irresponsibility. Real-life murders were tied into promotions and "theater lobbies displayed tommy guns and blackjacks". The situation reached such a nexus that the studios had to ask exhibitors to tone down the gimmickry in their promotions.
Prison films.
In contrast to the crumbling social system outside their walls, the prison film portrayed a universe where the state is orderly and all powerful. Sparked by the real-life Ohio penitentiary fire on April 21, 1930 in which guards refused to release prisoners from their cells, causing 300 deaths, the films depicted the inhumane conditions inside prisons in the early 1930s. The genre was composed of two archetypes: the prison film and the chain gang film. In the prison film, large hordes of men move about in identical uniforms, resigned to their fate, they live by a well defined code. In the chain gang film, Southern prisoners were subjected to a draconian system of discipline in the blazing outdoors where they were treated terribly by their ruthless captors. The prototype of the prison genre was "The Big House" (1930). "I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang" (1932) is considered by most critics to be the seminal film of the chain gang genre. Although the chain gang film "Hell's Highway" had beaten "Fugitive" to the screen two months earlier, it exerted nowhere the influence.
In "The Big House", Robert Montgomery plays a squirmy inmate who is sentences to six years after committing vehicular manslaughter while under the influence. His cell mates are a murderer played by Wallace Beery and a forger played by Chester Morris. The picture features future staples of the prison genre such as solitary confinement, informers, riots, visitations, an escape, and the codes of prison life. The protagonist, Montgomery, ends up being a loathsome character, a coward who will sell anyone in the prison out to get an early release. The film was banned in Ohio, the site of the deadly prison riots that inspired it. "Numbered Men", "The Criminal Code", "Shadow of the Law", "Convict's Code", and others, from no less than seven studios, followed. However, prison films mainly appealed to men, and had weak box office performances as a result. Studios also produced children's prison films which addressed the juvenile delinquency problems of America in the Depression. "The Mayor of Hell" for instance, featured kids killing a murderously abusive reform school overseer without retribution.
Chain gang films.
"I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang", which is based on the true story of Robert. E. Burns, is by far the most famous of the early 1930s chain gang films. In the first half of 1931, "True Detective Mysteries" magazine had published Burns' work over six issues, and it was released as a book in January 1932. Decorated veteran James Allen (Paul Muni) returns from World War I a changed man, and seeks an alternative to the tedious job that he left behind. He travels the country looking for construction work. His ultimate goal is to become involved in construction planning. Allen follows a hobo he met at a homeless shelter into a cafe, taking him up on his offer of a free meal. When the hobo attempts to rob the eatery, Allen is charged as an accessory, convicted of stealing a few dollars, and sentenced to ten years in a chain gang. The men are chained together and transported to a quarry to break rocks every day. Even when unchained from each other, shackles remain around their ankles at all times. Allen convinces a large black prisoner who has particularly good aim to hit the shackles on his ankles with a sledgehammer to bend them. He removes his feet from the bent shackles, and in a famous sequence, escapes through the woods while being chased by bloodhounds. On the outside he develops a new identity and becomes a respected developer in Chicago. He is blackmailed into marriage by a woman he does not love who finds out his secret. When he threatens to leave her for a young woman he has fallen in love with, she turns him in. His case becomes a cause célèbre, and he agrees to turn himself in under the agreement that he will serve 90 days and then be released. He is tricked however, and not freed at the agreed upon time. This forces him to escape again, and he seeks out the young woman, telling her that they cannot be together because he will always be hunted. The films end with her asking him how he survives, and his ominous reply from the darkness; "I Steal".
Although based on reality, "Chain Gang" changes the facts slightly to appeal to Depression era audiences by making Allen's return home one to a country that is struggling economically, even though Burns returned to the roaring twenties. The film's bleak, anti-establishment ending shocked audiences. "Laughter in Hell", a 1933 film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Pat O'Brien, was inspired in part by "I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang". O'Brien plays a railroad engineer who kills his wife and her lover in a jealous rage, and is sent to prison. The dead man's brother ends up being the warden of the prison and torments O'Brien's character. O'Brien and several others revolt, killing the warden and escaping with his new lover (Gloria Stuart). The film, which is lost, drew controversy for its lynching scene in which several black men were hung. Reports vary if the blacks were hung alongside other white men, or by themselves. The New Age (an African American weekly newspaper) film critic praised the filmmakers for being courageous enough to depict the atrocities that were occurring in some Southern states.
Sex films.
Promotion.
As films featuring prurient elements performed well at the box office, after the crackdown on crime films, Hollywood increased its production of pictures featuring the seven deadly sins. In 1932, Warner Bros formed an official policy decreeing that "two out of five stories should be hot", and that nearly all films could benefit by "adding something having to do with ginger." Filmmakers began putting in overly-suggestive material they knew would never reach theaters in hopes that lesser offenses would survive the cutting-room floor. Mae West was known to employ this tactic. MGM screenwriter Donald Ogden Stewart said that "and Wingate wouldn't want to take out too much, so you would give them five things to take out to satisfy the Hays Office—and you would get away with murder with what they left in." Films such as "Laughing Sinners", "Safe in Hell", "The Devil is Driving", "Merrily We Go to Hell", "Laughter in Hell", and "The Road to Ruin" were provocative in their mere titles. Studios marketed their films, sometimes dishonestly, by inventing suggestive tag lines and lurid titles, even going so far as to hold in-house contests for thinking up provocative titles for screenplays. Commonly labeled "sex films" by the censors, these pictures offended taste in more categories than just sexuality. According to a "Variety" analysis of 440 pictures produced in 1932–33, 352 had "some sex slant", with 145 possessing "questionable sequences", and 44 being "critically sexual". "Variety" summarized that "over 80% of the world's chief picture output was ... flavored with bedroom essence." Attempts to create films for adults only (dubbed "pinking") wound up bringing large audiences of all ages to cinemas.
Posters and publicity photos were often tantalizing. Women appeared in poses and garb not even glimpsed in the films themselves. In some cases actresses with small parts in films (or in the case of Dolores Murray in her publicity still for "The Common Law", no part at all) appeared scantily-clad. Hays became outraged at the steamy pictures circulating in newspapers around the country. The original Hays Code contained an often-ignored note about advertising imagery, but he wrote an entirely new advertising screed in the style of the Ten Commandments that contained a set of twelve prohibitions. The first seven addressed imagery. They prohibited women in undergarments, women raising their skirts, suggestive poses, kissing, necking, and other suggestive material. The last five concerned advertising copy and prohibited misrepresentation of the film's contents, "salacious copy", and the word "courtesan". Studios found their way around the restrictions and published increasingly racy imagery. Ultimately this backfired in 1934 when a billboard in Philadelphia was placed outside the home of Dennis Cardinal Dougherty. Severely offended, Dougherty took his revenge by helping to launch the motion-picture boycott which would later facilitate enforcement of the Code. A commonly-repeated theme by those supporting censorship, and one mentioned in the Code itself was the notion that the common people needed to be saved from themselves by the more refined cultural elite.
Despite the obvious attempts to appeal to red-blooded American males, most of the patrons of sex pictures were female. "Variety" squarely blamed women for the increase in vice pictures: Pre-Code female audiences liked to indulge in the carnal lifestyles of mistresses and adulteresses while at the same time taking joy in their usually inevitable downfall in the closing scenes of the picture. While gangster films were claimed to corrupt the morals of young boys, vice films were blamed for threatening the purity of adolescent women.
Content.
In Pre-Code Hollywood the sex film became synonymous with women's pictures — Darryl F. Zanuck once told Wingate that he was ordered by Warner Brothers' New York corporate office to reserve 20% of the studio's output for "women's pictures, which inevitably means sex pictures." Vice films typically tacked on endings where the most sin-filled characters were either punished or redeemed. Films explored Code-defying subjects in an unapologetic manner with the premise that an end-reel moment could redeem all that had gone before. The concept of marriage was often tested in films such as "The Prodigal" (1931), in which a woman is having an affair with a seedy character, and later falls in love with her brother-in-law. When her mother-in-law steps in at the end of the film, it is to encourage one son to grant his wife a divorce so she can marry his brother, with whom she is obviously in love. The older woman proclaims the message of the film in a line near the end: "This the twentieth century. Go out into the world and get what happiness you can."
In "Madame Satan" (1930), adultery is explicitly condoned and used as a sign for a wife that she needs to act in a more enticing way to maintain her husband's interest. In "Secrets" (1933), a husband admits to serial adultery, only this time he repents and the marriage is saved. The films took aim at what was already a damaged institution. During the Great Depression, relations between spouses often deteriorated due to financial strain, marriages lessened, and husbands abandoned their families in increased numbers. Marriage rates continually declined in the early 1930s, finally rising in 1934, the final year of the Pre-Code era, and although divorce rates lowered, this is likely because desertion was a more likely method of separation. Consequently, female characters, such as Ruth Chatterton's in "Female", live promiscuous bachelorette lifestyles, and control their own financial destiny (Chatterton supervises an auto factory) without regret.
One of the most prominent examples of punishment for immoral transgressions in vice film can be seen in "The Story of Temple Drake", based on the William Faulkner novel "Sanctuary". In "Drake", the title character (Miriam Hopkins), a cold, vapid "party girl", the daughter of a judge, is raped and forced into prostitution by a backwoods character, and according to Pre-Code scholar Thomas Doherty, the film implies that the deeds done to her are in recompense for her immorality. Later, in court, she confesses that she killed the man who raped and kept her. She faints after this confession, upon which her lawyer carries her out, leading to a "happy ending". In the RKO film "Christopher Strong", Katharine Hepburn plays an aviator who becomes pregnant from an affair with a married man. She commits suicide by flying her plane directly upwards until she breaks the world altitude record, at which point she takes off her oxygen mask and plummets to earth.</ref> Strong female characters often ended films as "reformed" feminists, after experiencing situations in which their progressive outlook proved faulty.
Female protagonists in aggressively sexual vice films were usually of two general kinds: the bad girl or the fallen woman. In so-called "bad girl" pictures, female characters profited from promiscuity and immoral behavior. Jean Harlow, an actress who was by all reports a lighthearted, kind person offscreen, frequently played bad girl characters and dubbed them "sex vultures". Two of the most prominent examples of bad girl films, "Red-Headed Woman" and "Baby Face", featured Harlow and Stanwyck. In "Red-Headed Woman" Harlow plays a secretary determined to sleep her way into a more luxurious lifestyle, and in "Baby Face" Stanwyck is an abused runaway determined to use sex to advance herself financially.
In "Baby Face" Stanwyck moves to New York and sleeps her way to the top of Gotham Trust. Her progress is illustrated in a recurring visual metaphor of the movie camera panning ever upward along the front of Gotham Trust's skyscraper. Men are driven mad with lust over her and they commit murder, attempt suicide, and are ruined financially for associating with her before she mends her ways in the final reel. In another departure from post Code films, Stanwyck's sole companion for the duration of the picture is a black woman named Chico (Theresa Harris), whom she took with her when she ran away from home at age 14.
"Red-Headed Woman" begins with Harlow seducing her boss Bill LeGendre and intentionally breaking up his marriage. During her seductions, he tries to resist and slaps her, at which point she looks at him deliriously and says "Do it again, I like it! Do it again!" They eventually marry but Harlow seduces a wealthy aged industrialist who is in business with her husband so that she can move to New York. Although this plan succeeds, she is cast aside when she is discovered having an affair with her chauffeur, in essence cheating on her paramour. Harlow shoots LeGendre, nearly killing him. When she is last seen in the film, she is in France in the back seat of a limousine with an elderly wealthy gentleman being driven along by the same chauffeur. The film was a boon to Harlow's career and has been described as a "trash masterpiece".
Cinema classified as "fallen woman" films was often inspired by real-life hardships women endured in the early Depression era workplace. The men in power in these pictures frequently sexually harassed the women working for them. Remaining employed often became a question of a woman's virtue. In "She Had to Say Yes" (1933), starring Loretta Young, a struggling department store offers dates with its female stenographers as an incentive to customers. And "Employees' Entrance" was marketed with the tag line "See what out of work girls are up against these days." Joy complained in 1932 of another genre, the "kept woman" film, which presented adultery as an alternative to the tedium of an unhappy marriage.
Homosexuals were portrayed in such Pre-Code films such as "Our Betters" (1933), "Footlight Parade" (1933), "Only Yesterday" (1933), "Sailor's Luck" (1933), and "Cavalcade" (1933). Although the topic was dealt with much more openly than in the decades that followed, the characterizations of gay and lesbian characters were usually derogatory. Gay male characters were portrayed as high of voice-tone and flighty of personality, existing merely as buffoonish supporting characters. In films like "Ladies They Talk About" lesbians were portrayed as rough, burly characters, but in DeMille's "The Sign of the Cross" a female Christian slave is brought to a Roman prefect and seduced in dance by a statuesque lesbian dancer. Fox nearly became the first American studio to use the word "gay" to refer to homosexuality, but the SRC made the studio muffle the word in the soundtrack of all filmreels that reached theaters. Bisexual actress Marlene Dietrich cultivated a cross-gender fan base and started a trend when she began wearing men's suits, a style which was an anachronism for the 1930s. She caused a commotion when she appeared at the premiere of "The Sign of the Cross" in 1932 in a tuxedo replete with top hat and cane. The backlash against homosexual characters appearing in films was rapid. In 1933 Hays declared that all gay male characters would be removed from pictures; Paramount took advantage of the negative publicity Dietrich generated by signing a largely meaningless agreement stating that they would not portray women in male attire.
Comedy.
In the harsh economic times of the early Depression, films and performers often featured an alienated, cynical, and socially dangerous comic style. As with political films, comedy softened with the election of FDR and the optimism of the New Deal. Characters in the Pre-Code era frequently engaged in comedic duels of escalating sexual innuendo. In "Employee's Entrance", a woman enters the office of a scoundrel boss who remarks, "Oh, it's you — I didn't recognize you with all your clothes on." Racial stereotypes were usually employed when ethnic characters appeared. Blacks in particular were usually the butt of the wisecrack, never the author. The most acknowledged black comedian was Stepin Fetchit, whose slow-witted comedic character was only meant to be successful in an unintentional manner, with himself as the punchline.
The New York stage was filled with ribald humor and sexually-offensive comedy; when movie producers started to put wisecracks in their sound pictures, they sought New York performers. Popular comics such as Mae West and the Marx Brothers got their start on Broadway in front of live audiences. Censors complained when they had to keep up with the deluge of jokes in pictures in the early 1930s, some of which were designed to go over their heads. The comic banter of some early sound films was rapid-fire, non-stop, and frequently exhausting for the audience by the final reel.
Mae West had already established herself as a comedic performer when her 1926 Broadway show "Sex" made national headlines. Tried and convicted of indecency by the New York City District Attorney, she served eight days in prison. West carefully constructed a stage persona and carried it over into her interviews and personal appearances. Despite her voluptuous physique, most of her appeal lay in her suggestive manner. She became a wordsmith in the art of the come-on and the seductive line, and despite her obvious appeal to male audiences, was popular with women as well. Over the cries of the censors, West got her start in the film "Night After Night" (1932), which starred George Raft and Constance Cummings, as a Texas Guinan-esque supporting character. She agreed to appear in the film only after producers agreed to let her write her own lines. In West's first line on film, after a hat check girl remarks "Goodness, what beautiful diamonds", West replies, "Goodness had nothing to do with it, dearie." Raft, who had wanted Texas Guinan herself for the role that went to West, later wrote, "In this picture, Mae West stole everything but the cameras." She went on to make "She Done Him Wrong" in 1933, which became a huge box office hit, grossing $3 million against a $200,000 budget, and then nine months later wrote and starred in "I'm No Angel". She became such a success that her career saved Paramount from financial ruin.
The arrival of sound film created a new job market for writers of screen dialogue. Many newspaper journalists moved to California and became studio-employed screenwriters. This resulted in a series of fast-talking comedy pictures featuring newsmen. "The Front Page", later re-made as the much less cynical and more sentimental post-Code "His Girl Friday" (1940), was adapted from the Broadway play by Chicago newsmen, and Hollywood screenwriters, Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur. It was based on Hecht's experiences working as a reporter for the "Chicago Daily Journal".
The Marx Brothers had been stage performers since the early 1900s. By the 1930s, their act consisted of wisecracking leader Groucho, the chronically silent Harpo, the overly ethnic Chico, and the strangely normal Zeppo. The plot of the seminal comedy "Duck Soup" (1933) is quite convoluted. Groucho's plebeian character is named king of the fictional Freedonia, and he is pursued by two bumbling spies played by Chico and Harpo. Zeppo plays a typically normal secretary. Groucho's con artist character leads Freedonia into war with neighboring Sylvania. The plot essentially exists to provide a framework for several comedic bits and long sketches. The film was unsuccessful at the box office and the anarchic zaniness and subversive nature of the comedy in the film would be unmatched in the brothers' post-Code work, which was more standardly burlesque.
Cartoons.
Theatrical cartoons were also covered by the Production Code. According to Leonard Maltin: "In early 1933 a Georgia theater owner wrote to "Film Daily": 'The worst kicks we have are on smut in cartoons. They are primarily a kid draw, and parents frequently object to the filth that is put in them, incidentally without helping the comedy. The dirtiest ones are invariably the least funny.'" Betty Boop thus underwent some of the most dramatic changes after the Code was imposed: "gone was the garter, the short skirt, the décolletage".
Horror and science fiction.
Unlike silent-era sex and crime pictures, silent horror movies, despite being produced in the hundreds, were never a major concern for censors or civic leaders. When sound horror films were released however, they quickly caused controversy. Sound provided "atmospheric music and sound effects, creepy-voiced macabre dialogue and a liberal dose of blood-curdling screams" which intensified its effects on audiences, and consequently on moral crusaders. The Hays Code did not mention gruesomeness, and Pre-Code filmmakers took advantage of this oversight. However, state boards usually had no set guidelines and could object to any material they found indecent. Although films such as "Frankenstein" and "Freaks" caused controversy when they were released, they had already been re-cut to comply with censors.
Comprising the nascent motion picture genres of horror and science fiction (sci-fi), the nightmare picture provoked individual psychological terror in its horror incarnations, while embodying group sociological terror in its science fiction manifestations. The two main types of Pre-Code horror pictures were the single monster movie, and films where masses of hideous beasts rose up and attacked their putative betters. "Frankenstein" and "Freaks" exemplified both genres.
The Pre-Code horror cycle was similar to other Pre-Code cycles in that its boom was motivated by financial necessity. Universal in particular buoyed itself with the production of horror hits such as "Dracula" (1931) and "Frankenstein", then followed those successes up with "Murders in the Rue Morgue" (1932), "The Mummy" (1932), and "The Old Dark House" (1932). Other major studios responded with their own productions. Much like the crime film cycle however, the intense boom of the horror cycle was ephemeral, and had fallen off at the box office by the end of the Pre-Code era.
At the beginning of "Frankenstein", Dr. Henry Frankenstein, and his faithful, moronic assistant Fritz are excavating graves for human body parts. Frankenstein sends Fritz to the local college to acquire a fresh brain. After dropping the only normal brain on the ground, Fritz leaves the college with an abnormal one. Meanwhile, Frankenstein's "insane ambition to create life" worries his fiancée Elizabeth (Mae Clarke) and his close friends. To allay their fears and prove to them he is not insane, Frankenstein shows them his science project—a sewn-together corpse lying on a medical slab, covered by a cloth—and asks them to watch him "endow it with life". Raising the monster upwards, the extending slab reaches the sky through a hole in the roof, and the monster is struck by lightning. Endowed with life by the magical electricity, it twitches its arm, at which point Dr. Frankenstein deliriously screams, "It's alive! It's alive!" The creature begins walking out of its cell in the next scene and Fritz, upset that his position as the doctor's freak companion may be usurped, torments the monster by waving a torch at it. After the monster kills Fritz, Frankenstein has second thoughts about his creation and instructs a medical colleague to euthanize it. His conscience clear, Frankenstein prepares to marry Elizabeth in a lavish ceremony. But the monster lives and escapes captivity. The first person he meets is a little girl throwing flowers into a lake and watching them float. Convinced that pretty things float, he throws the girl into the lake and she drowns. The creature then arrives at the doctor's house and vengefully abducts and kills Elizabeth. The entire town takes up pitchforks and torches in hand to search for the monster that has absconded with the doctor. They find the doctor and the monster at a windmill; the doctor escapes and the villagers burn the creature to death.
While Joy declared "Dracula" "quite satisfactory from the standpoint of the Code" before it was released, and the film had little trouble reaching theaters, Frankenstein was a different story. New York, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts removed the drowning scene and lines that referenced Dr. Frankenstein's God complex. Kansas, in particular, objected to the film. The state's censor board requested the cutting of 32 scenes, which if removed, would have halved the length of the film.
Paramount's "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" (1931) played to the Freudian theories popular with the audience of its time. Fredric March played the split-personality title character. Jekyll represented the composed super-ego, and Hyde the lecherous id. Miriam Hopkins's coquettish prostitute sexually teases Jekyll early in the film by displaying parts of her legs and bosom. Joy felt the scene had been "dragged in simply to titillate the audience." Hyde coerces her with the threat of violence into becoming his paramour and beats her when she attempts to stop seeing him. She is contrasted with his wholesome fiancée (Rose Hobart), whose chaste nature dissatisfies March's baser alter ego. Employing adventurous first person camera techniques, and a highbrow background—Robert Louis Stevenson wrote the source novella—the film is considered the "most honored of the Pre-Code horror films." March won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance, a rarity for a performer in a horror movie. Many of the graphic scenes between Hyde and Ivy were cut by local censors because of their suggestiveness. Sex was intimately tied to horror in many Pre-Code horror movies. In "Murders in the Rue Morgue", an adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe's classic tale which has little in common with the source material, Bela Lugosi plays a mad scientist who tortures and kills women trying to mix human blood with ape blood during his experiments. His prized experiment, an intelligent ape named Erik, breaks into a woman (Sidney Fox)'s second-floor apartment window and rapes her.
In "Freaks", director Tod Browning of "Dracula" fame helms a picture that depicts a traveling circus populated by a group of deformed carnival freaks. Browning populated the movie with actual carnival sideshow performers including "midgets, dwarfs, hermaphrodites, Siamese twins, and, most awful, the armless and legless man billed as the 'living torso'". There is also a group of Pinheads, who are fortunate in that they are not mentally capable enough to understand that they disgust people. But the truly unsavory characters here are the villains, the circus strongman Hercules and the beautiful high-wire artist Cleopatra, who intends to marry and poison Hans, the midget heir who is enamored of her. At a dinner celebrating their union, one of the freaks dances on the table as they chant "gooble-gobble, gobble, gobble, one of us, one of us, we accept her, we accept her." Disgusted, Cleopatra insults Hans and makes out with Hercules in front of him. When the freaks discover her plot, they exact revenge by mutilating Cleopatra into a freak. Although circus freaks were common in the early 1930s, the film was their first depiction on screen. Browning took care to linger over shots of the deformed, disabled performers with long takes of them including one of the "living torso" lighting a match and then a cigarette with his mouth. The film was accompanied by a sensational marketing campaign that asked sexual questions such as "Do the Siamese Twins make love?", "What sex is the half-man half-woman?", and "Can a full grown woman truly love a midget?" Surprisingly, given its reaction to "Frankenstein", the state of Kansas objected to nothing in "Freaks". However, other states, such as Georgia, were repulsed by the film and it was not shown in many locales. The film later became a cult classic spurred by midnight movie showings, but it was a box-office bomb in its original release.
In "Island of Lost Souls" (1932), an adaptation of H. G. Wells' science-fiction novel, "The Island of Doctor Moreau", Charles Laughton plays yet another mad scientist with a God complex. As Moreau, Laughton creates a mad scientist's island paradise, an unmonitored haven where he is free to create a race of man-beasts and Lota, a beast-woman he wants to mate with a normal human male. A castaway lands on his island, providing him an opportunity to see how far his science experiment, the barely-clothed, attractive Lota, has come. The castaway discovers Moreau vivisecting one of the beast-men and attempts to leave the island. He runs into the camp of the man-beasts and Moreau beats them back with a whip. The film ends with Lota dead, the castaway rescued, and the man-beasts chanting, "Are we not men?" as they attack and then vivisect Moreau. The film has been described as "a rich man's "Freaks"" due to its esteemed source material. Wells, however, despised the movie for its lurid excesses. It was rejected by 14 local censor boards in the United States, and considered "against nature" in Great Britain, where it was banned until 1958.
Exotic adventure films.
Pre-Code films contained a continual, recurring theme of white racism. In the early 1930s, the studios filmed a series of pictures that aimed to provide viewers a sense of the exotic, an exploration of the unknown and the forbidden. These pictures often imbued themselves with the allure of interracial sex according to Pre-Code historian Thomas Doherty. "At the psychic core of the genre is the shiver of sexual attraction, the threat and promise of miscegenation." Films such as "Africa Speaks" were directly marketed by referencing interracial sex; moviegoers received small packets labeled "Secrets" which contained pictures of naked black women. As portrayals of historic conditions, these movies are of little educational value, but as artifacts that show Hollywood's attitude towards race and foreign cultures they are enlightening. The central point of interest in "The Blonde Captive" (1931), a film which depicted a blonde woman abducted by a savage tribe of Africans, was not that she was kidnapped, but that she enjoys living among the tribe. The lack of black characters in films highlights their status in Jim Crow America.
In "Bird of Paradise", a white American man (Joel McCrea) enjoys a torrid affair with a Polynesian princess (Dolores del Río). The film created a scandal when released due to a scene featuring Dolores del Río swimming naked. Orson Welles said del Río represented the highest erotic ideal with her performance in the film.
The white protagonist in "Tarzan, the Ape Man" (1932) is the "King of the Jungle". Tarzan (Johnny Weissmuller) is a monosyllabic half-naked jungle creature whose attractiveness is derived from his physical prowess; throughout the movie, he saves Jane (Maureen O'Sullivan) from danger and she swoons in his arms. When Jane's father warns her "not like us", she responds, "[he's white" as evidence to the contrary. In the racy 1934 sequel, "Tarzan and His Mate" (the last word meaning both a status and a biological function), men come from the U.S. with fancy gowns and other accoutrements to woo and clothe the bra-less, barely clothed Jane, again played by O'Sullivan, hoping to lure her away from the savage Tarzan. He detests the fancier clothing and tears it off. The black characters of the film are treated poorly; when one of them refuses to go forward on a march in the jungle, the white ivory hunter shoots him on the spot, and moves on. The film included a skinny-dipping scene with extensive nudity with a body double standing in for O'Sullivan. Breen, then head of the SRC, objected to the scene, and MGM, the movie's producer, decided to take their case to the appeals review board. The board consisted of the heads of Fox, RKO, and Universal. After watching the scene "several times", the board sided with Breen and the MPPDA, and the scene was removed, but MGM still allowed some uncut trailers and a few reels to stay in circulation. MGM marketed the film primarily towards women using taglines such as:
Ethnic characters were portrayed against stereotype in "Massacre" (1934). The protagonist (Richard Barthelmess) is a Native American who performs in a Wild West Show in full Indian garb, but then slips into a suit and speaks in American slang once the show is over. He has a black butler who is atypically intelligent; his character merely plays dumb by slipping into a stereotypical slow-witted "negro" character when it suits him, rather than being genuinely unintelligent.
Films such as "The Mask of Fu Manchu" (1932) and "The Bitter Tea of General Yen" (1933), explored the exoticism of the Far East — by using white actors, not Asians, in the lead roles. The white actors frequently looked absurd in yellow-face makeup next to genuine Asians, so the studios would cast all the Asian parts white. In "Manchu", Karloff plays a mad scientist who wants to find the sword and mask of Genghis Khan as they will give him the power to control the "countless hordes" into battle versus the West. Manchu is a sexual deviant who engages in ritual torture and has occult powers. In a scene cut from the film due to its miscegenation, he shows a man the image of Manchu's depraved daughter (Myrna Loy) violating one of the chaste good characters. He is eventually conquered, but not before he temporarily lays his hand on the sword and proclaims to his men: "Would you have maidens like this [Karen Morley] for your wives? Then conquer and breed! Kill the white man and take his women!"
Frank Capra's "The Bitter Tea of General Yen" was not quite the same type of film: Stanwyck plays a missionary who goes to civil-war-torn China and meets the titular general (played by Nils Asther) after his car kills the driver of her rickshaw. When she is knocked unconscious in a riot, he takes her out of the rabble and onto a train car. She has lurid, horror-themed, symbolic dreams about the General, in which she is both titillated and repulsed by him. The film breaks precedent by developing into an interracial love story, but his army ends in ruins. Yen kills himself at the film's conclusion—by drinking poisoned tea—rather than be captured and killed. Capra adored the script and disregarded the risk of making a film that broke California's (and 29 other states') laws concerning the portrayal of miscegenation. Cinematographer Joseph Walker tested a new technique he created, which he dubbed "Variable Diffusion", in filming the picture. This rendered the entire picture in very soft focus.
Newsreels and documentaries.
From 1904 until 1967, when television finally killed them off, newsreels preceded films. In the early sound-film era, they lasted around 8 minutes and featured highlights and clips of the world's biggest stories. Updated twice a week by the five major studios, they became a highly-profitable enterprise: in 1933, newsreels had a total box office take of almost $19.5 million against an outlay of under $10 million. The sound-film era created the narrator; among the first was Graham McNamee, who provided voiceover during the clips, often delivering hackneyed jokes while delineating the on-screen action. Sound newsreel interviews and monologues featured famous subjects unaccustomed to the new medium. These clips changed public perception of important historical figures depending on their elocution, the sound of their previously unheard voices, and their composure in front of the camera. Around 12 "newsreel theaters" were soon created around the United States, the most successful being the Embassy Newsreel Theater on Broadway. The Embassy was a 578-seat facility that presented fourteen 45–50 minute programs a day, running from 10 in the morning until midnight. It was noted for its discerning, intellectual audience, many of whom did not attend motion-picture theaters.
The most gripping news story of the Pre-Code era was the kidnapping of the Lindbergh baby on the evening of 1 March 1932. As the child was already enormously famous before the kidnapping, the event created a media circus, with news coverage more intense than anything since World War I. Newsreels featuring family photos of the child (the first time private pictures had been "conscripted for public service") asked spectators to report any sight of him. On May 12, 1932, the child's body was found less than five miles from the Lindbergh home. Although newsreels covered the most important topics of the day, they also presented human-interest stories (such as the immensely popular coverage of the Dionne quintuplets) and entertainment news, at times in greater detail than more pressing political and social matters.
Some of the images' impact belies their historical accuracy; nearly all ceremonies and public events that were filmed for newsreels in the early sound era were staged, and in some cases even reenacted. For instance: when FDR signed an important bill, a member of his cabinet was called away before the staged reenactment began, so the video shows him absent at the time of the signing, although he had been present. The newsreels of FDR were staged to hide his hobbled gait caused by polio. Caught between the desire to present accurate hard-hitting news stories and the need to keep an audience in the mood for the upcoming entertainment, newsreels often soft-pedaled the difficulties Americans faced during the early years of the Great Depression. FDR in particular received favorable treatment from Hollywood, with all five of the major studios producing pro-FDR shorts by late 1933. These shorts featured some of the studios' lesser contract talent extolling the virtues of FDR created government and social programs. Roosevelt himself was a natural before the camera. The newsreels were instrumental to the success of his initial campaign, and his enduring popularity while in office. He was described by "Variety" as the "Barrymore of the Capital".
Taking advantage of the existence of 30 years of newsreels archives were filmmakers who made early sound era documentaries. World War I was a popular topic of these pictures and spawned the following documentaries; "The Big Drive" (1933), 
"World in Revolt" (1933), "This is America" (1933), and "Hell's Holiday" (1933). The most prescient Pre-Code WWI documentary was aptly called "The First World War" (1934). The most critically and commercially successful documentary of the era, the film is presented in 11 chapters, much like a book. The picture combined a multitude of new motion-picture techniques such as commentative music, voice-over narration, and slow-motion photography with a sense of when to speak for the images on screen and when to allow the images to speak for themselves. "The New York Times" described it as "a memorable and infinitely important document which should be distributed in every civilized country."
Filmmakers also made feature-length documentaries that covered the dark recesses of the globe including the Amazon Rainforest, Native American settlements, the Pacific Islands, and everywhere in between. Taking advantage of audiences' voyeuristic impulses, aided by the allowance of nudity in tribal documentaries, the filming of lands untouched by modernity, and the presentation of locales never before filmed, these movies placated Depression era American audiences by showing them lifestyles more difficult than their own. Also captured were Arctic expeditions in films such "90° South" and "With Byrd at the South Pole", and deepest Africa in the safari films of Martin and Osa Johnson, among others. Some exploitation style documentaries purported to show actual events but were instead staged, elaborate ruses. The most prominent of which was "Ingagi" (1931), a film which claimed to show a ritual where African women were given over to gorillas as sex slaves, but instead was mostly filmed in Los Angeles using local blacks in place of natives. Douglas Fairbanks mocked the phoniness of many Pre-Code documentaries in his parody "Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks", in one scene of which he filmed himself wrestling a stuffed tiger doll, then a tiger-skin rug. Opposing these films was the travelogue which was shown before features and served as a short saccharine form of cinematic tourism.
End of an era.
Pre-Code films began to draw the ire of various religious groups, some Protestant but mostly a contingent of Roman Catholic crusaders. Amleto Giovanni Cicognani, apostolic delegate to the Catholic Church in the United States, called upon Roman Catholics in the United States to unite against the surging immorality of films. As a result, in 1933 the Catholic Legion of Decency, headed by the Reverend John T. McNicholas (later renamed the National Legion of Decency), was established to control and enforce decency standards and boycott films they deemed offensive. They created a rating system for films that started at "harmless" and ended at "condemned", with the latter denoting a film that was a sin to watch. The Legion spurred several million Roman Catholics across the U.S. to sign up for the boycott, allowing local religious leaders to determine which films to protest. Conservative Protestants tended to support much of the crackdown, particularly in the South, where anything relating to the state of race relations or miscegenation could not be portrayed. Although the Central Conference of American Rabbis joined in the protest, it was an uneasy alliance as there had always been whispers that at least some of the vitriol from the Christian groups occurred because many studio executives were Jewish.
Hays opposed direct censorship, considering it "Un-American". He had stated that although there were some tasteless films in his estimation, working with filmmakers was better than direct oversight, and that, overall, films were not harmful to children. Hays blamed some of the more prurient films on the difficult economic times which exerted "tremendous commercial pressure" on the studios more than a flouting of the code. Catholic groups became enraged with Hays and as early as July 1934 were demanding that he resign from his position, which he did not, although his influence waned and Breen took control, with Hays becoming a functionary.
The Payne Study and Experiment Fund was created in 1927 by Frances Payne Bolton to support a study of the influence of fiction on children. The Payne Fund Studies, a series of eight books published from 1933-35 which detailed five (5) years of research aimed specifically at the cinema's effects on children, were also gaining publicity at this time, and became a great concern to Hays. Hays had said certain pictures might alter "... that sacred thing, the mind of a child ... that clean, virgin thing, that unmarked state" and have "the same responsibility, the same care about the thing put on it that the best clergyman or the most inspired teacher would have." Despite its initial reception, the main findings of the study were largely innocuous. It found that cinema's effect on individuals varied with age and social position, and that pictures reinforced audiences' existing beliefs. The Motion Picture Research Council (MPRC, led by honorary vice president Sara Delano Roosevelt—FDR's mother -- and executive director the Rev. William H. Short), which funded the study, was not pleased. An "alarmist summary" of the study's results written by Henry James Forman appeared in "McCall's", a leading women's magazine of the time, and Forman's book, "Our Movie Made Children", which became a best-seller, publicized the Payne Fund's results, emphasizing its more negative aspects.
The social environment created by the publicity of the Payne Fund Studies and religious protests reached such a fever pitch that a member of the Hays Office described it as a "state of war". However, newspapers including "The Plain Dealer" (Cleveland, Ohio), "New Orleans Times Picayune", "Chicago Daily News", "Atlanta Journal", "Saint Paul Dispatch", the Philadelphia "Record" and ""Public Ledger", the "Boston American" and New York's "Daily News", "Daily Mirror", and "Evening Post" all lambasted the studies. When discussing the Supreme Court's 1915 decision, film historian Gregory Black argues that the efforts of reformers might have been lessened had "filmmakers been willing to produce films for specialized audiences (adults only, family, no children) ... but the movers and shakers of the industry wanted or needed the largest possible market." The most provocative pictures were the most profitable, with the 25% of the motion picture industry's output that was the most sensational supporting the cleaner 75%.
By 1932, there was an increasing movement for government control. By mid-1934 when Cardinal Dougherty of Philadelphia called for a Catholic boycott of all films, and Raymond Cannon was privately preparing a congressional bill supported by both Democrats and Republicans which would introduce Government oversight, the studios decided they had had enough. They re-organized the enforcement procedures giving Hays and the recently appointed Joseph I. Breen, a devout Roman Catholic, head of the new Production Code Administration (PCA), greater control over censorship. The studios agreed to disband their appeals committee and to impose a $25,000 fine for producing, distributing, or exhibiting any film without PCA approval. Hays had originally hired Breen, who had worked in public relations, in 1930 to handle Production Code publicity, and the latter was popular among Catholics. Joy began working solely for Fox Studios, and Wingate had been bypassed in favor of Breen in December 1933. Hays became a functionary, while Breen handled the business of censoring films.
Breen was a rabid anti-Semite, who was quoted as stating that Jews "are, probably, the scum of the earth." When Breen died in 1965, the trade magazine "Variety" stated, "More than any single individual, he shaped the moral stature of the American motion picture." Although the Legion's impact on the more effective enforcement of the Code is unquestionable, its influence on the general populace is harder to gauge. A study done by Hays after the Code was finally fully implemented found that audiences were doing the exact opposite of what the Legion had recommended. Each time the Legion protested a film it meant increased ticket sales; unsurprisingly, Hays kept these results to himself and they were not revealed until many years later. In contrast to big cities, boycotts in smaller towns were more effective and theater owners complained of the harassment they received when they exhibited salacious films.
Many actors and actresses, such as Edward G. Robinson, Barbara Stanwyck, and Clark Gable, continued their careers apace after the Code was enforced. However, others, such as Ruth Chatterton and Warren William, who excelled during this period, are mostly forgotten today. Mae West, in particular, had a difficult time transferring her bawdy persona over into the new era. Newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst went to great lengths to denigrate West (whose name he later banned from all Hearst publications) in his papers, further lessening her prospects.
After the Pre-Code era.
Censors like Martin Quigley and Joseph Breen understood that:a private industry code, strictly enforced, is more effective than government censorship as a means of imposing religious dogma. It is secret, for one thing, operating at the pre-production stage. The audience never knows what has been trimmed, cut, revised, or never written. For another, it is uniform—not subject to hundreds of different licensing standards. Finally and most important, private censorship can be more sweeping in its demands, because it is not bound by constitutional due process or free-expression rules—in general, these apply to only the government—or by the command of church-state separation ... there is no question that American cinema today is far freer than in the heyday of the Code, when Joe Breen's blue pencil and the Legion of Decency's ever-present boycott threat combined to assure that films adhered to Catholic Church doctrine.
Termed by Breen as "Compensating moral value", the maxim was that "any theme must contain at least sufficient good in the story to compensate for, and to counteract, any evil which relates." Hollywood could present evil behavior, but only if it were eradicated by the end of the film, "with the guilty punished, and the sinner redeemed".
Pre-Code scholar Thomas Doherty summarized the practical effects: Even for moral guardians of Breen's dedication, however, film censorship can be a tricky business. Images must be cut, dialogue overdubbed or deleted, and explicit messages and subtle implications excised from what the argot of film criticism calls the "diegesis". Put simply, the diegesis is the world of the film, the universe inhabited by the characters existing in the landscape of cinema. "Diegetic" elements are experienced by the characters in the film and (vicariously) by the spectator; "nondiegetic" elements are apprehended by the spectator alone... The job of the motion picture censor is to patrol the diegesis, keeping an eye and ear out for images, languages, and meanings that should be banished from the world of film... The easiest part of the assignment is to connect the dots and connect what is visually and verbally forbidden by name. ... More challenging is the work of the textual analysis and narrative rehabilitation that discerns and redirects hidden lessons and moral meanings.
The censors thus expanded their jurisdiction form what was seen to what was implied in the spectator's mind. In "The Office Wife" (1930), several of Joan Blondell's disrobing maneuvers were strictly forbidden and the implied image of the actress being naked just off-screen was deemed too suggestive even though it relied upon the audience using their imaginations, so post-Code releases of the film had scenes which were blurred or rendered indistinct, if allowed at all.
Following the July 1, 1934 decision by the studios put the power over film censorship in Breen's hands, he appeared in a series of newsreel clips promoting the new order of business, assuring Americans that the motion-picture industry would be cleansed of "the vulgar, the cheap, and the tawdry" and that pictures would be made "vital and wholesome entertainment". All scripts now went through PCA, and several films playing in theaters were ordered withdrawn.
The first film Breen censored in the production stage was the Joan Crawford film "Forsaking All Others". Although Independent film producers vowed they would give "no thought to Mr. Joe Breen or anything he represents", they caved on their stance within one month of making it. The major studios still owned most of the successful theaters in the country, and studio heads such as Harry Cohn of Columbia Pictures had already agreed to stop making indecent films. In several large cities audiences booed when the Production seal appeared before films. But the Catholic Church was pleased, and in 1936 Pope Pius XI stated that the U.S. film industry "has recognized and accepts its responsibility before society." The Legion condemned zero films produced by the MPPDA between 1936 and 1943.
A coincidental upswing in the fortunes of several studios was publicly explained by Code proponents such as the "Motion Picture Herald" as proof positive that the code was working. Another fortunate coincidence for Code supporters was the torrent of famous criminals such as John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson, and Bonnie and Clyde that were killed by police shortly after the PCA took power. Corpses of the outlaws were shown in newsreels around the country, alongside clips of Al Capone and Machine Gun Kelly in Alcatraz. Among the unarguably positive aspects of the Code being enforced was the money it saved studios in having to edit, cut, and alter films to get approval from the various state boards and censors. The money saved was in the millions annually. A spate of more wholesome family films featuring performers such as Shirley Temple took off. Stars such as James Cagney redefined their images. Cagney played a series of patriots, and his gangster in "Angels with Dirty Faces" (1937) purposefully acts like a coward when he is executed so children who had looked up to him would cease any such admiration. Breen in essence neutered Groucho Marx, removing most of his jokes which directly referenced sex, although some sexual references slipped through unnoticed in the Marx Brothers post-Code pictures. In the political realm, films such "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" in which James Stewart tries to change the American system from within while reaffirming its core values, stand in stark contrast to "Gabriel over the White House" where a dictator is needed to cure America's woes.
Some Pre-Code movies suffered irreparable damage from censorship after 1934. When studios attempted to re-issue films from the 1920s and early 1930s, they were forced to make extensive cuts. Films such as "Animal Crackers" (1930), "Mata Hari" (1931), "Arrowsmith" (1931), and "A Farewell to Arms" (1932) exist only in their censored versions. Many other films survived intact because they were too controversial to be re-released, such as "The Maltese Falcon" (1931), which was remade a decade later with the same name, and thus never had their master negatives edited. In the case of "Convention City" (1933), the entire film was destroyed because the Breen Office refused to budge.
Home video and screenings.
In the 1980s New York City Film Forum programmer Bruce Goldstein held the first film festivals featuring Pre-Code films. Goldstein is also credited by San Francisco film critic Mick LaSalle as the person to bring the term "Pre-Code" into general use.
In the 1990s MGM released several Pre-Code films on laserdisc and VHS. "The Forbidden Hollywood Collection" included: "Baby Face"; "Beauty and the Boss"; "Big Business Girl"; "Blessed Event"; "Blonde Crazy"; "Bombshell"; "Dance, Fools, Dance"; "Employees' Entrance"; "Ex-Lady"; "Female"; "Havana Widows"; "Heroes for Sale"; "Illicit"; "I've Got Your Number"; "Ladies They Talk About"; "Lady Killer"; "Madam Satan"; "Night Nurse"; "Our Dancing Daughters"; "Our Modern Maidens"; "The Purchase Price"; "Red-Headed Woman"; "Scarlet Dawn"; "Skyscraper Souls"; "The Strange Love of Molly Louvain"; "They Call It Sin"; and "Three on a Match".
MGM also released other Pre-Code films such as "The Divorcee", "Doctor X", "A Free Soul", "Little Caesar", "Mystery of the Wax Museum", "Possessed", "The Public Enemy", "Red Dust" (remade in the 1950s as "Mogambo"), and "Riptide" under other labels. UCLA ran several series of pre-Code films during the 2000s, showcasing films which had not been seen for decades, and not available on any home media.
In 1999, the Roan Group/Troma Entertainment released two Pre-Code DVD collections: "Pre-Code Hollywood: The Risqué Years #1", featuring "Of Human Bondage", "Millie" and "Kept Husbands", and "Pre-Code Hollywood 2", featuring "Bird of Paradise" and "The Lady Refuses". Warner Bros. Home Video has released several of their Pre-Code films on DVD under the "Forbidden Hollywood" banner. To date, five volumes have been released:
Universal Home Video followed suit with "Pre-Code Hollywood Collection: Universal Backlot Series". Released on April 7, 2009, the box set includes "The Cheat", "Merrily We Go to Hell", "Hot Saturday", "Torch Singer", "Murder at the Vanities", and "Search for Beauty", together with a copy of the entire Hays Code.

</doc>
<doc id="2863185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863185" title="Nainar">
Nainar

Nainar is an Indian word which can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2863193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863193" title="List of rare species in the British National Vegetation Classification">
List of rare species in the British National Vegetation Classification

The following is a list of vascular plants, bryophytes and lichens which were regarded as rare species by the authors of British Plant Communities, together with the communities in which they occur.

</doc>
<doc id="2863194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863194" title="Compensation of employees">
Compensation of employees

Compensation of employees (CE) is a statistical term used in national accounts, balance of payments statistics and sometimes in corporate accounts as well. It refers basically to the total gross (pre-tax) wages paid by employers to employees for work done in an accounting period, such as a quarter or a year. 
However, in reality, the aggregate includes "more" than just gross wages, at least in national accounts and balance of payments statistics. The reason is that in these accounts, CE is defined as "the total remuneration, in cash or in kind, payable by an enterprise to an employee in return for work done by the latter during the accounting period". It represents effectively a total labour cost to an employer, paid from the gross revenues or the capital of an enterprise.
Compensation of employees is accounted for on an accrual basis; i.e., it is measured by the value of the remuneration in cash or in kind which an employee "becomes entitled to receive" from an employer in respect of work done, during the relevant accounting period - whether paid in advance, simultaneously, or in arrears of the work itself. This contrasts with other inputs to production, which are to be valued at the point when they are actually used.
For statistical purposes, the relationship of employer to employee exists, when there is an agreement, formal or informal, between an enterprise and a person, normally entered into voluntarily by both parties, whereby the person works for the enterprise, in return for remuneration in cash or in kind. The remuneration is normally based on either the time spent at work, or some other objective indicator of the amount of work done. 
For social accounting purposes, CE is considered as a component of the value of net output or value added (as factor income). The aim is not to measure income actually received by workers, but the "value" which labour contributes to net output along with other factors of production.
The underlying idea is that the value of net output equals the factor incomes that it generates. For this reason, some types of remuneration received by employees are either included or excluded, because they are regarded as either related or unrelated to production or to the value of new output.
In different countries, what is actually included and excluded in CE may differ somewhat. The reason is that the way in which workers are compensated for their labour may be somewhat different in different types of economies. For example, in some countries workers get substantial payments "in kind", in others they don't. Systems of social insurance also differ between countries, and some countries have little social insurance. One has to keep this in mind when comparing CE magnitudes for different countries.
A compensation system has to be aligned to the mission, vision, business strategy and organizational structure of a company to design the compensation plan in an efficient way to can achieve the goals. Businesses within the same organization will have different competitive conditions, acquire different business strategies, and design compensation strategies. A general compensation plan consists of three components: a base compensation, rewarding incentives, and indirect compensation in form of benefits.
Inclusions in the statistical concept.
The United Nations System of National Accounts (UNSNA) conceptually includes the following items in the statistical aggregate:
Exclusions from the statistical concept.
UNSNA excludes the following items in the statistical aggregate:

</doc>
<doc id="2863195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863195" title="Nilay Kartaltepe">
Nilay Kartaltepe

Nilay Yiğit (born January 13, 1979 in Bakırköy, Istanbul) is a Turkish professional female basketball player of Botaş SK. She is married to Fenerbahçe Istanbul volleyball player Cengizhan Kartaltepe on 5 June 2010. She is famous for being a fan of the English football team Doncaster Rovers.
International career.
She was the member of the national team, which won the gold medal at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2863199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863199" title="Rubus leucodermis">
Rubus leucodermis

Rubus leucodermis (blackcap raspberry, black raspberry, whitebark raspberry, or blue raspberry (commonly used name in candy & drinks), is a species of "Rubus" native to western North America, from British Columbia, Canada south to California, New Mexico and Mexico. It is closely related to the eastern black raspberry "Rubus occidentalis".
It is a deciduous shrub growing to 0.5–3 m tall, with prickly shoots. While the crown is perennial, the canes are biennial, growing vegetatively one year, flowering and fruiting the second, and then dying. As with other dark raspberries, the tips of the first-year canes (primocanes) often grow downward to the soil in the fall, and take root and form tip layers which become new plants. The leaves are pinnate, with five leaflets on leaves' strong-growing stems in their first year, and three leaflets on leaves on flowering branchlets with white and infrequently light purple flowers. The fruit is 1–1.2 cm diameter, red to reddish-purple at first, turning dark purple to nearly black when ripe. The fruit has high contents of anthocyanins and ellagic acid.
It is a variable species, and forms natural hybrids with other species in subgenus "Idaeobatus". Three varieties are recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="2863201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863201" title="Giant Horned Lizard">
Giant Horned Lizard

The giant horned lizard (Phrynosoma asio) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard which is endemic to the Pacific coast of southern Mexico. It is the largest horned lizard and is also the most slender (it has a typical lizard-like appearance). Like all lizards, the giant horned lizard is cold-blooded. It is able to survive in the desert. The spines on its back and sides are made from modified scales, whereas the horns on its head are true horns (i.e., they have a bony core).

</doc>
<doc id="2863206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863206" title="Josephat Ababu">
Josephat Ababu

Josephat Ababu Sorongo (born April 15, 1980, in Kakamega) is a Kenyan cricketer. He is a paceman who returned to the Kenyan cricket squad for the Champions' Trophy in 2004 after a three-year absence along with Brijal Patel, Rageb Aga and Malhar Patel, having impressed with his bowling earlier in the year against Pakistan's A team.
Ababu became one of the few bowlers to take a wicket with his first ever delivery in a One Day International when he dismissed Neil Johnson, during the Kenya v Zimbabwe match in Nairobi in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2863209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863209" title="White Conduit Club">
White Conduit Club

The White Conduit Club (WCC) was short-lived, existing only in the 1780s, but it had a major significance in the history of cricket as its members created the first Lord's venue and reorganised themselves as the new Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). The WCC took its name from White Conduit Fields in Islington, where it was based until 1787. It was essentially a gentlemen's club for those with amateur status but it employed professional cricketers who provided coaching for the members and sometimes played in the club's matches; one of these was the bowler Thomas Lord, after whom Lord's is named. The most significant members were Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond and George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea who employed Lord to find a new, private venue for the club after complaints that White Conduit Fields was too open to the public. Famous players who represented WCC include the professionals John Small, Lumpy Stevens, Tom Taylor and Tom Walker. Records of many WCC matches are known to have been lost when the Lord's Pavilion burned down in 1825 and only 13 matches between 1784 and 1788 are known today, four of which are rated first-class by "CricketArchive".
Club history.
The White Conduit Club, although short-lived, was perhaps the most significant club in cricket history for it bridged the gulf between the rural and rustic Hambledon era and the new, modern and metropolitan era of MCC and Lord's, the two entities that it spawned.
We do not know for certain when the WCC was founded but it seems to have been after 1780 and certainly by 1785. The famous batsman William Beldham was hired while still a young professional by the WCC in 1785 and he told James Pycroft, author of "The Cricket Field" (1851) that his farming employer concluded a deal with George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea to allow Beldham time off his agricultural duties to go to the "new cricket ground" at White Conduit Fields in Islington and play for Hampshire (or more accurately, the Hambledon club) against All-England. The score of the match has evidently been lost because there is no trace of an All-England v Hampshire game at White Conduit Fields in or about 1785. Beldham's first match in "Scores & Biographies" was for All-England v WCC at Lord's in 1787; but he was previously recorded as playing for Berkshire against Essex in 1785 (this match was reported by H T Waghorn in his "Dawn of Cricket").
Although his match cannot be traced, it is interesting that Beldham described the ground at White Conduit Fields as "new" because it was not a new venue, although perhaps a new area of it had been designated for use by the WCC. What was "new" was the club, not the venue.
The WCC had its origin in much earlier gentlemen's clubs. By the 1720s, cricket was already well-established in southern counties such as Kent, Surrey and Sussex. It was also being played and watched, often by large crowds of spectators, in London, where many of its leading advocates and players were members of the aristocracy. One of the earliest recognised London cricket clubs was the "Je-ne-sais-quoi", later known as the "Star and Garter", which had a meeting place on Pall Mall and actually drew up a set of Laws there in 1774. In the 1730s and 1740s, the Star and Garter Club had Frederick, Prince of Wales as its chairman. From that club there grew the WCC, so-called because it played on White Conduit Fields. Its leading lights were George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea (1752–1826) and the Hon. Colonel Charles Lennox (1764–1819), who later became the 4th Duke of Richmond. The WCC was nominally an exclusive club that only "gentlemen" might play for, but the club did employ professionals and one of these was the bowler Thomas Lord, a man who was recognised for his business acumen as well as his bowling ability.
And so it might have continued except that White Conduit Fields was an open area allowing members of the public, including the rowdier elements, to watch the matches and to voice their opinions on the play and the players. The White Conduit gentlemen were not amused by such interruptions and decided to look for a more private venue of their own. 
Thomas Lord ultimately used his business abilities to become a successful wine and provisions merchant, but he is remembered for his cricket grounds (there were three in all). Winchilsea and Lennox asked Lord to find a new ground and offered him a guarantee against any losses he may suffer in the venture. So Lord took a lease from the Portman Estate on some land at Dorset Fields where Dorset Square is now sited; and the ground was prepared and opened in 1787. It was named Lord's cricket ground and, since it was in Marylebone, the WCC on relocating there decided to call themselves Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). 
As for White Conduit Club, it disappeared in the aftermath of MCC's founding and White Conduit Fields also disappeared under increasing urbanisation as London grew and swallowed the village of Islington whole.
For the record, White Conduit Club is known to have played at least eleven matches between 1785 and 1788. The last, ironically, was on 27 June 1788 against MCC at Lord's (Dorset Square). It is recorded in "Scores & Biographies" on page 83 but it was not a major match because the WCC team contained ten unknown players. MCC won by 83 runs and WCC played no more.
Appearances.
These are the number of known appearances by White Conduit Club players (M = matches played):

</doc>
<doc id="2863217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863217" title="Aylin Yıldızoğlu">
Aylin Yıldızoğlu

Aylin Yıldızoğlu (born February 13, 1975 in İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish female basketball player.
Career.
Aylin played 13 years for Ceyhan Municipality and then for Botaş Spor. In 2003, she won three titles with Botaş Spor in one season, Turkish Women's Basketball League championship, Turkey Cup and President’s Cup. In summer 2005, the captain of Botaş Spor transferred back to Ceyhan Municipality.
International career.
Yıldızoğlu played in the gold medal winning national team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain.
Personal life.
Since 1999, she is married to Ceyhun Yıldızoğlu, coach of Botaş Spor women’s team.

</doc>
<doc id="2863218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863218" title="David Zenoff">
David Zenoff

David Zenoff (March 8, 1916 – October 3, 2005) was an American judge from Nevada. He served as a major in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, earning a Bronze Star, and was a justice of the Nevada Supreme Court from 1966 until 1976.
On May 1, 1967 Judge Zenoff presided over the wedding of Elvis and Priscilla Presley. He also presided over the divorce between Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. 
Judge Zenoff helped found the juvenile justice system in Clark County, Nevada and the county juvenile detention center (David Zenoff Hall) is named after him.
He retired to La Costa in Carlsbad, California and died in the Scripps Hospital in Encinitas.

</doc>
<doc id="2863219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863219" title="TUV">
TUV

TUV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863223" title="TIB">
TIB

TIB may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2863226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863226" title="The Real Me (The Who song)">
The Real Me (The Who song)

"The Real Me" is a song written by Pete Townshend on The Who's second full-scale rock opera, "Quadrophenia" in 1973. This is the second track on the album. It concerns a boy named Jimmy, a young English Mod with four distinct personalities. The song describes how he angrily deals with several individuals to identify "the real me".
The song features a virtuoso bass performance by John Entwistle. According to a 1996 interview with Entwistle by Goldmine Magazine, the bass part was recorded on the first take. Entwistle claimed he was "joking around" when he played the part, but the band loved it and used it in the final version.
Aside from the verses about the psychiatrist, mother and preacher, Townshend's original demo of the song on his solo album "Scoop 3" includes another verse about rock and roll in general. The arrangement of the song is also much slower than what it would end up as in "Quadrophenia".
Townshend has always referred to it as "Can You See the Real Me", rather than the more accepted abbreviated title.
Live and compilation appearances.
Live history.
The band first performed it on their 1973 tour promoting the "Quadrophenia" album, as a medley with the tape track "I Am the Sea", and it was played up until the end of their next French tour the following year, this time without "I Am the Sea". Following that, it was never played again until the 1979 tour, where it found a niche mostly as the concert's final song. It was played in all of the years of the band's existence with drummer Kenney Jones except his final year with the band in 1982. This was performed on some occasions in 1989 as well. This was also played in every concert of the 1996-1997 tour again promoting "Quadrophenia". They continued to play the song until John Entwistle's death in 2002. After not performing it for several years, the band began including it in their live shows again in 2007 with the bass part, performed by Pino Palladino, being less prominent than the original version. The most recent performance of the song by the band was at the Royal Albert Hall in London on March 30, 2010 during their "Quadrophenia" concert for the Teenage Cancer Trust.
The band have been known to stretch this song out during live shows, especially one performance at the Rainbow Theatre in London on February 3, 1981, where the song reached 12 minutes. More recent versions (after the death of Entwistle), have toned the jamming down though, and mostly consist of the bare essentials.
Album appearances.
"The Real Me" was also featured in the 1979 movie based on the album "Quadrophenia" as well as the soundtrack album, with a new bass track and a "finished ending" as opposed to the ending on the "Quadrophenia" album ("Can you see the real mememememe..."). It was also featured on the 2002 Who compilation "The Ultimate Collection", with a slightly modified opening.
The following "Who" albums and DVD's feature "The Real Me":
Cover versions.
The song was covered by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. in 1989, along with its own music video. It was also covered by Pearl Jam during The Who Tribute on VH1 in 2008. In August 2009, Pearl Jam performed the song at the Shepherds Bush Empire, with Simon Townshend on guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="2863227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863227" title="Wall, Staffordshire">
Wall, Staffordshire

Wall is a small village and civil parish in Staffordshire, England, just south of Lichfield. It lies on the site of the Roman settlement of Letocetum.
The nearby junction of the A5 and A5127 roads and the M6 Toll motorway is often referred to as Wall junction.
The parish includes the small villages of Pipehill, Hilton, Chesterfield and the tiny hamlet of Aldershawe, which is about half a mile north of the village of Wall.
Wall has an infrequent bus service operated by Arriva Midland number the 35B. It operates every 2 hours Monday to Saturday. The route goes from Walsall to Lichfield via Aldridge, Stonnall and Shenstone.
History.
Letocetum.
The earliest evidence of settlement in Wall is the discovery of flints dating to the Neolithic period found in the upper part of Wall village.
The first detailed evidence of human settlement comes in the 1st century. A Roman fort named Letocetum was established at Wall in or soon after AD 50 to accommodate Legio XIV, then advancing towards Wales. A fort was certainly built in the upper area of the village near to the present church in 50s or 60s and Watling Street was constructed to the south in the 70s. 
A bath house and mansio was built on the lower ground south west of the fort in the late 1st century for use by its soldiers. It was later used by the inhabitants of a civilian settlement which grew up around Watling Street. In the 2nd century the settlement covered approximately 30 acres west of the later Wall Lane. By the 1st or 2nd century there was a burial area beyond the western end of the settlement.
In the late 3rd or early 4th century the eastern part of the settlement of approximately 6 acres, between the present Wall Lane and Green Lane and straddling Watling Street, was enclosed with a stone wall surrounded by an earth rampart and ditches. Civilians continued to live inside the settlement and on its outskirts in the late 4th century. The settlement appears to have declined rapidly soon after the Romans left Britain in AD 410 and the focus of settlement shifted to Lichfield.
Modern Wall.
Development of Wall since the Romans has been slow, and it has never developed beyond a small village. The earliest medieval settlement may have been on the higher ground around Wall. Wall House on Green Lane, although dating from the 18th century, is probably on the site of the medieval manor house. Wall Hall to the south also dates from the mid 18th century but replaced a house which existed in the 17th century. By the late 18th century several dwellings were built on Watling Street west of Manor Farm and formed the lower part of the village. The Trooper Inn existed by 1851. In the 1950s ten council houses were built on a road called The Butts. Construction of the A5 in 1965 relieved the village of traffic, preserving its quiet nature.
Geography.
Topography
The upper part of Wall village lies at 114m on the edge of a plateau; the lower part to the south of Watling Street lies 16m lower. At Aldershawe the land lies at 130m, and it is the same level at Pipehill and Muckley Corner. 
Geology
The north of the parish including Pipehill, Aldershawe and east parts of Wall are underlain with Bromsgrove Sandstone. The south of the parish including west Wall, Hilton and Chesterfield are underlain by Wildmoor Sandstone. A narrow gravel terrace runs north west from Wall to a point south of Pipehill where it merges into an area of Boulder Clay. South of Wall glaciofluvial deposits overlie the area including, Hilton and Chesterfield. 
Hydrology
Black brook runs below the gravel terrace west of Wall. Crane brook runs through Hilton and Chesterfield and is the source for Hilton's main street name of 'Cranebrook Lane'. A spring south of Pipe Grange feeds a stream which flows east to Leamonsley Brook. A spring rising in Aldershawe was used for centuries as the source for drinking water for the city of Lichfield. Conduits were dug from Aldershawe to Lichfield where they supplied water from various conduits around the city.

</doc>
<doc id="2863228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863228" title="GBG">
GBG

GBG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863237" title="Short-tailed horned lizard">
Short-tailed horned lizard

The short-tailed horned lizard (Phrynosoma braconnieri) is a very rare species of horned lizard found in Mexico. It has a very distinct, shortened tail, which is sometimes not apparent. The specific epithet, "braconnieri", is in honor of the French naturalist Seraphin Braconnier.
Description.
This species has a very short tail relative to its body length, the shortest of horned lizards or indeed of any lizard, thus its common name.
xXHabitatXx
"Phrynosoma braconnieri" inhabits pine-oak woodland and xeric thorn-scrub. It can also be found in corn fields or other traditional agricultural areas.
←→==Geographic range==←→
The short-tailed horned lizard is found in the Mexican states of Puebla and Oaxaca. It may also inhabitЩ Veracruz.
http.\horned lizard creations.net 

</doc>
<doc id="2863239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863239" title="Arthur Rostron">
Arthur Rostron

Sir Arthur Henry Rostron, KBE, RD, RNR (14 May 1869 – 4 November 1940) was a Captain for the Cunard Line. He was the master of the ocean liner RMS "Carpathia" when it rescued the survivors of the RMS "Titanic" which sank on 15 April 1912 after striking an iceberg.
Captain Rostron won wide praise for his energetic efforts to reach the "Titanic" before she sank, and his efficient preparations for and conduct of the rescue of the survivors. He was awarded a Congressional Gold Medal by the U.S. Congress, and in 1926 was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He rose to become the Commodore of the Cunard fleet, and retired in 1931. 
History.
Arthur Rostron was born in Astley Bridge, north of Bolton, Lancashire, England to James and Nancy Rostron in 1869. Educated at Bolton Grammar School from 1882 to 1883 and Bolton Church Institute in 1884, Rostron then joined the Merchant Navy Cadet School Ship HMS "Conway" as a cadet. After two years of training on the "Conway", he was apprenticed to the Waverley Line of Messrs, Williamson, Milligan and Co. in Liverpool on the iron clipper ship, "Cedric the Saxon".
In 1887 Rostron joined the barque "Red Gauntlet" as a second mate. Soon after, he left the Waverly Line and joined the barque "Camphill". In December 1894 Rostron served on board the steamship "Concord" where he passed the extra master's certificate. He joined the Cunard Line in January 1895 and earned a position as fourth officer on the ocean liner . In the years afterward he would also serve on other Cunard ships including the "Aurania", "Etruria", "Servia", "Cherbourg", "Ultonia" and "Saxonia". As a member of the Royal Naval Reserve, Rostron temporarily left the Cunard Line to serve with the Royal Navy during a period of international tension occasioned by the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905.
Rostron subsequently returned to the Cunard Line. He was made first officer of the RMS "Lusitania" in 1907, but was transferred to the "Bresica" and made the ship's Captain the day before the "Lusitania"'s maiden voyage. The "Bresica" and his next several ships served the Mediterranean region, including his first passenger ship, the "Pennonia", whose New York - Mediterranean route he commanded in 1911. He was subsequently given command of the passenger liner RMS "Carpathia".
The "Titanic" rescue.
Rostron immediately ordered the ship to race towards the "Titanic"'s reported position, posting extra lookouts to help spot and maneuver around the ice he knew to be in the area. Only after ordering the "Carpathia" 'turned to' toward the disaster scene did he confirm with Cottam if he was sure about the Titanic's distress call About 58 nautical miles (93 km) separated the "Carpathia" from "Titanic"'s position. Rostron and his engineering crew (led by Chief Engineer A. B. Jones) skilfully obtained the maximum speed possible from the engines of "Carpathia", coaxing her up to 17.5 knots - three and a half faster than her rated speed. Even so, "Carpathia", travelling through dangerous ice floes, took about 3½ hours to reach the "Titanic"'s radioed position. During this time Rostron turned off heating to ensure maximum steam for the ship's engines and had the ship prepared for the survivors; including getting blankets, food and drinks ready, and ordering his medical crew to stand by to receive the possibly injured survivors. Altogether, 23 orders from Rostron to his crew were successfully implemented before "Carpathia" had even arrived at the scene of the disaster. Rostron was a pious man: issuing orders he often raised a hand to his cap and closed his eyes in prayer. Speaking of the risk taken by running through dense ice at speed at night he is reported to have said, "I can only conclude another hand than mine was on the helm."
When Rostron believed he was getting close to the "Titanic" he had green starburst rockets launched to encourage the "Titanic" if she was still afloat, or her survivors if she was not. "Carpathia" began picking up survivors about an hour after the first starburst was seen by those in the lifeboats. The "Carpathia" would end up rescuing 710 survivors out of the 2,228 passengers and crew on board the "Titanic"; at least one survivor is said to have died after reaching the ship. After consulting with White Star Line managing director and "Titanic" survivor J. Bruce Ismay, Rostron decided to turn the ship around and return to New York City to disembark the survivors.
Later, Rostron testified at both the US Senate inquiry and the British Wreck Commissioner's inquiry into the sinking of the RMS Titanic. "Titanic" survivors, including Margaret Brown, presented Rostron with a silver cup and gold medal for his efforts the night "Titanic" sank. His family have confirmed that the cup is to be auctioned in Boston, Massachusetts on the 24th April 2014 [http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/liverpool-news/liverpool-titanic-heros-silver-cup-7021628]. He was also awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, the Thanks of Congress, the American Cross of Honor, a medal from the Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Society and a gold medal from the Shipwreck Society of New York.
Captain Rostron was very highly praised for his efforts in both the American and the British inquiries into the disaster [http://www.titanicinquiry.org/BOTInq/BOTInq28Rostron01.php [http://www.titanicinquiry.org/BOTInq/BOTReport/BOTRepRescue.php.
Later life.
Rostron continued in command of the "Carpathia" for a year before transferring to the "Caronia". Afterwards, from 1913 to 1914 he took command of the "Carmania", "Campania", and "Lusitania". Rostron was Captain of the "Aulania" when World War I began and the ship was turned into a troopship which Rostron continued to command. In 1915, Rostron and the "Aulania" were involved in the Battle of Gallipoli in Turkey.
In September 1915, Rostron joined the RMS "Mauretania" and in April 1916 he joined the "Ivernia" in the Mediterranean Sea. He returned to the "Mauretania" in 1917 before taking command of the "Andania", "Saxonia", "Carmania" and the "Mauretania" again. In December 1918, he was made Captain on the acting list of the Royal Navy Reserve and made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1919.
Rostron continued to command the "Mauretania" after it returned to normal passenger service in June 1919, and in 1926 he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire. In July 1928 Rostron took command of the RMS "Berengaria" and became the commodore of the Cunard fleet.
After his retirement in May 1931, Rostron was a member and Captain of the Southampton Master Mariner's Club and wrote an autobiography called "Home from the Sea".
When his former ship, the much-beloved "Mauretania", sailed for Scotland to the shipbreakers in 1935, Rostron was supposed to have been on board; however, overcome with emotion, he refused to board her and instead waved farewell from pierside, preferring to remember the ship as she was when he commanded her.
Rostron died of pneumonia at the Cottage Hospital, Chippenham, Wiltshire on 4 November 1940 and is buried at the West End Church in Southampton, next to his wife Ethel Minnie Rostron, who died three years later. Rostron Close in West End is named after him.
Portrayals in Titanic films.
He has been portrayed in various Titanic films by several actors. In the 1958 "A Night to Remember" he is played by Anthony Bushell. In 1979's "SOS Titanic" he is portrayed by Philip Stone. In the 1996 TV drama "Titanic" he is portrayed by Terence Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="2863244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863244" title="ZAN">
ZAN

ZAN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863245" title="Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel">
Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel

Ferdinand Albert (German "Ferdinand Albrecht"; 29 May 1680 – 2 September 1735, Salzdahlum), Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, was an officer in the army of the Holy Roman Empire. He was prince of Wolfenbüttel during 1735.
Life.
Ferdinand Albert was the fourth son of Ferdinand Albert I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and Christine of Hesse-Eschwege.
Ferdinand Albert fought on the side of Emperor Leopold I in the War of the Spanish Succession. In 1704 he became adjutant of the Emperor; in 1707 major general, and in 1711 lieutenant field marshal. During the Austro-Turkish War of 1716-18, he fought under Prince Eugene of Savoy, participated in the battles of Belgrade and Petrovaradin, and became commander of the fortress of Komárno. In 1723, he became field marshal, and in 1733, "Generalfeldmarschall".
After the death of his cousin Louis Rudolph in March 1735, Ferdinand Albert inherited the Principality of Wolfenbüttel and resigned as field marshal. He died six months later.
Marriage.
Ferdinand Albert married Antoinette Amalie (1696–1762), younger daughter of his first cousin Louis Rudolph, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and his wife Princess Christine Louise of Oettingen-Oettingen, on 15 October 1712. They had 12 children who reached adulthood.
Issue.
"Note: list may be incomplete."

</doc>
<doc id="2863247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863247" title="List of Japanese political and military incidents">
List of Japanese political and military incidents

This is a list of Japanese political and military incidents, as classified by Japanese terminology in which "incident" was a euphemism applied during the 1920s and through to the outbreak of the Pacific War.
Political incidents.
What the Japanese terminology euphemistically describes as incidents were the attempts at "coup d'etat" of the period.
Military Incidents.
These include minor battles as well as major invasions and war crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="2863249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863249" title="Marco Ngai">
Marco Ngai

Marco Ngai Chun Kit (Traditional Chinese: 魏駿傑) is a successful actor in Hong Kong and has been in many TV series such as "Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain 1997(or 98)" (he plays Chan ga lok and Fok hung on(twins)), "To Catch the Uncatchable" (2004) (he plays Romeo Lo Mat Au) and one of the favourites, Armed Reaction 1,2,3,4 (he plays Chan Sam Yuen's husband).
He is married to Zhang Lihua, who is from mainland China. He and TVB actress Joyce Tang broke up in 2007, ending their 9-year relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="2863250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863250" title="Howse Pass">
Howse Pass

Howse Pass (el. ) is a pass through the Rocky Mountains in Canada. 
The pass is located in Banff National Park, between Mount Conway and Howse Peak. From here waters flow east via Conway Creek, Howse River, North Saskatchewan River to Lake Winnipeg and Hudson Bay. To the west it drains by the Blaeberry River to the Columbia River and on to the Pacific Ocean. 
The pass was used by First Nations people such as the Kootenay to the west and Piegan Blackfeet to the east. In 1806 two men from Rocky Mountain House cut a rough road from the Howse River toward the pass. In June 1807 David Thompson crossed it to the Columbia River. It was named for Joseph Howse, a Hudson's Bay Company factor who crossed it 1809. The pass was not much used, Athabasca Pass being preferred.
Howse Pass is lower than many other passes in this range and it was considered for the Canadian Pacific's route, but Kicking Horse Pass was chosen instead. There has been some talk of building a road through the pass from Saskatchewan River Crossing to Golden, British Columbia, but this would involve cutting through the national park.
The pass was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2863251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863251" title="Yāska">
Yāska

Nothing is known about him other than that he is traditionally identified as the author of "Nirukta", the discipline of "etymology" (explanation of words) within Sanskrit grammatical tradition.
Contribution.
Yaska is the author of the "Nirukta", a technical treatise on etymology, lexical category and the semantics of Sanskrit words. He is thought to have succeeded , an old grammarian and expositor of the Vedas, who is mentioned in his text. 
The Nirukta attempts to explain how certain words get to have their meanings, especially in the context of interpreting the Vedic texts. It includes a system of rules for forming words from roots and affixes, and a glossary of irregular words, and formed the basis for later lexicons and dictionaries. It consists of three parts, viz.:(i) "Naighantuka", a collection of synonyms; (ii) "Naigama", a collection of words peculiar to the Vedas, and (iii) "Daivata", words relating to deities and sacrifices. 
The Nirukta was one of the six vedangas or compulsory ritual subjects in syllabus of Sanskrit scholarship in ancient India.
Lexical categories and parts of speech.
Yāska defines four main categories of words: 
Yāska singled out two main ontological categories: a process or an action ("bhāva"), and an entity or a being or a thing ("sattva"). Then he first defined the verb as that in which the bhāva ('process') is predominant whereas a noun is that in which the sattva ('thing') is predominant. The 'process' is one that has, according to one interpretation, an early stage and a later stage and when such a 'process' is the dominant sense, a finite verb is used as in "vrajati", 'walks', or "pachati", 'cooks'.
But this characterization of noun / verb is inadequate, as some processes may also have nominal forms. For e.g., "He went for a walk". Hence, Yāska proposed that when a process is referred to as a 'petrified' or 'configured' mass ("mUrta") extending from start to finish, a verbal noun should be used, e.g. "vrajyā", a walk, or "pakti", a cooking. The latter may be viewed as a case of "summary scanning",
since the element of sequence in the process is lacking. 
These concepts are related to modern notions of grammatical aspect, the "murta" constituting the perfective and the "bhāva" the imperfective aspect.
Yāska also gives a test for nouns both concrete and abstract: nouns are words which can be indicated by the pronoun "that".
Words as carriers of meaning: Atomism vs Holism debate.
As in modern semantic theory, Yāska views words as the main carriers of meaning. This view - that words have a primary or preferred ontological status in defining meaning, was fiercely debated in the Indian tradition over many centuries. The two sides of the debate may be called the "Nairuktas" (based on Yāska's Nirukta, atomists), vs the Vaiyākarans (grammarians following Pāṇini, holists), and the debate continued in various forms for twelve centuries involving different philosophers from the Nyaya, Mimamsa and Buddhist schools.
In the prātishākhya texts that precede Yāska, and possibly Sakatayana as well, the gist of the controversy was stated cryptically in sutra form as "saṃhitā pada-prakṛtiḥ". According to the atomist view, the words would be the primary elements (prakṛti) out of which the sentence is constructed, while the holistic view considers the sentence as the primary entity, originally given in its context of utterance, and the words are arrived at only through analysis and abstraction.
This debate relates to the atomistic vs holistic interpretation of linguistic fragments - a very similar debate is raging today between traditional semantics and cognitive linguistics, over the view whether words in themselves have semantic interpretations that can be composed to form larger strings. The cognitive linguistics view of semantics is that any definition of a word ultimately constrains it meanings because the actual meaning of a word can only be construed by considering a large number of individual contextual cues.
Etymologically, nouns originate from verbs.
Yāska also defends the view, presented first in the lost text of Sakatayana that etymologically, most nouns have their origins in verbs. An example in English may be the noun "origin", derived from the Latin "originalis", which is ultimately based on the verb "oriri", "to rise". This view is related to the position that in defining agent categories, behaviours are ontologically primary to, say, appearance. This was also a source for considerable debate for several centuries (see Sakatayana for details).

</doc>
<doc id="2863261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863261" title="Thermoplasmataceae">
Thermoplasmataceae

In taxonomy, the Thermoplasmataceae are a family of the Thermoplasmatales.

</doc>
<doc id="2863266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863266" title="Carbohydrase">
Carbohydrase

Carbohydrase is an enzyme that catalyzes the breakdown of carbohydrates into simple sugars.
Example.
Maltase reduces maltose into glucose:
C12H22O11 + H2O → 2C6H12O6
Maltose + Water → α-Glucose
References.
Carbohydrases are produced in the pancreas but act in the stomach breaking down carbohydrates, hence the name.

</doc>
<doc id="2863268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863268" title="Thermoplasmatales">
Thermoplasmatales

In taxonomy, the Thermoplasmatales are an order of the Thermoplasmata. All are acidophiles, growing optimally at pH below 2. "Picrophilus" is currently the most acidophilic of all known organisms growing at a minimum pH of 0.06. Many of these organisms do not contain a cell wall, although this is not true in the case of "Picrophilus". Most of members of the Thermotoplasmata are thermophilic.
Phylogeny.
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LPSN) and National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
and the phylogeny is based on 16S rRNA-based LTP release 106 by 'The All-Species Living Tree' Project.
Notes:<br>
♠ Strains found at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) but not listed in the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature LPSN

</doc>
<doc id="2863273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863273" title="Kerry Dixon">
Kerry Dixon

Kerry Michael Dixon (born 24 July 1961, in Luton) is a retired English professional footballer who played most notably for Chelsea and England.
Playing career.
Early years.
A tall and athletic striker who had pace, an impressive heading ability and was effective with both feet, Dixon started out as an apprentice with Tottenham Hotspur but was released before ever playing for the club.
Reading.
After spells with Chesham United and Dunstable, he got his first taste of League football with Reading, who signed him for £20,000 in 1980. He scored 51 league goals in 116 appearances for the then Third Division club, including four in a 7–5 defeat at Doncaster Rovers in September 1982.
Chelsea.
After his Reading days, Dixon signed with Chelsea in August 1983 by manager John Neal. Chelsea chairman, Ken Bates initially hesitated when faced with the £150,000 transfer fee plus an additional £25,000 if Dixon ever played for the England national side, but relented and the deal went ahead. Dixon arrived as part of Neal's radical re-building of the side, who had narrowly avoided relegation to the Third Division three months earlier, and was joined in the same summer by Pat Nevin, Nigel Spackman, Joe McLaughlin and Eddie Niedzwiecki.
Dixon's impact at Chelsea was immediate; he scored two goals on his debut against Derby County and added 32 more through the season as the club romped to promotion as Second Division champions to reach the First Division after five years away. Chelsea clinched promotion with a 5–0 win against Leeds United, in which Dixon scored a hat-trick. He struck up an impressive partnership with fiery Scot and fellow striker David Speedie, despite initial personal problems between the two, and also linked up well with winger Nevin; between them the trio scored almost 200 goals over the next three years. His impact on the First Division the following season was equally impressive, scoring with a memorable volley in the opening match against Arsenal at Highbury in a 1–1 draw. Dixon eventually finished up as joint top scorer (alongside Gary Lineker) with 24 league goals while Chelsea finished sixth in the final table. In the same season, he hit a further eight goals in the League Cup as Chelsea reached the semi-finals, where they surprisingly lost to Sunderland. In his first two seasons at Chelsea he scored a total of 70 goals in just 101 games.
Chelsea challenged for the title in the 1985–86 season but Dixon suffered torn stomach muscles during an FA Cup tie against Liverpool in January, which did much to damage their chances. They eventually finished sixth again, though he did score twice in a 2–1 win over Manchester United at Old Trafford. The injury also took away much of Dixon's pace and he was never quite the same player again.
During 1986, Dixon was frequently linked with a transfer to Manchester United, whose manager Ron Atkinson had long been monitoring its form, but Atkinson was sacked in November of that year and new manager Alex Ferguson did not follow up interest in Dixon, who would ultimately remain at Stamford Bridge for nearly six more years.
Chelsea struggled in the following two seasons after a series of clashes between key players and the management saw the successful mid 1980s side gradually broken up. Dixon himself was dropped from the side after losing form and was close to joining Chelsea's London rivals Arsenal, though the deal eventually collapsed after Bates' intervention. Chelsea were relegated in 1988, an event which, ironically, rejuvenated his career with the club. He scored 25 league goals as Chelsea returned to the First Division as champions at the first attempt in 1988–89. A year later he scored a further 26, including a final day hat-trick against Millwall, to help Chelsea finish 5th, their highest league position since 1970. He spent more two seasons with the club and continued to score on a regular basis, although Chelsea failed to finish higher than mid table in 1991 or 1992. Dixon's final serious chance of a major trophy with Chelsea came in the 1990–91 season, when they went on a good run in the League Cup but lost to Sheffield Wednesday in the semi-finals.
With 193 goals in total to his name, Dixon is Chelsea's third highest goal scorer of all time, behind only Bobby Tambling and Frank Lampard. He is also eighth in the club's all-time appearances list. His only honours with the club, however, were the two Second Division championship medals.
Southampton.
Dixon left Chelsea in 1992 and joined Southampton in a £575,000 deal, where he briefly linked up with Speedie again, though not with the same success. During his time at Southampton he only managed nine league appearances and two goals.
Luton Town.
He left Southampton in February 1993 to join Luton Town on loan, with the move, a free transfer, being made permanent in October. The highlight of his time at Luton was reaching the FA Cup semi-finals in 1994, where he faced his old side Chelsea and lost 2–0. He scored 20 goals in 88 appearances for Luton.
Millwall and Watford.
In March 1995, Dixon joined Millwall in a £5,000 transfer deal. After 31 appearances and nine goals, he was sold to Watford for £25,000 in January 1996. Dixon appeared in 11 matches for Watford.
Doncaster Rovers.
The final league club he played for was Doncaster Rovers during the 1996–97 season. He appeared in 16 matches for the Rovers, scoring three times.
Basildon United.
For a short period of the 1997–98 season Dixon played for Basildon United in the Essex Senior League but he picked up a hamstring injury stretching to score a goal against Great Wakering Rovers in what turned out to be his last game for the club.
International career.
His scoring feats earned him an England call-up; he made his debut against Mexico in 1985 during a friendly international tournament in Mexico City. Three days later Dixon scored twice and set up Bryan Robson for the other in England's 3–0 win over West Germany. He scored two more four days later against the USA in Los Angeles.
1986 World Cup.
After his injury in 1985, he was nevertheless selected in the England squad for the 1986 FIFA World Cup but the presence of Lineker and Peter Beardsley in the side limited him to a six-minute substitute appearance against Poland. He played only one more game for England after that, and finished his international career with eight caps and four goals. Dixon famously scored a winning goal beating the 1986 Brazilian team 1–0.
Managerial career.
Doncaster Rovers.
After his playing days were over, he became Doncaster's player-manager, but was sacked in August 1997. Later that season Dixon appeared for Basildon United in the Essex Senior Football League before injuring himself whilst scoring a goal against Great Wakering Rovers.
Boreham Wood, Letchworth and Hitchin Town.
Since then, Dixon has had stints coaching non-League sides Boreham Wood, Letchworth, and Hitchin Town.
Personal life.
Dixon does occasional work for Chelsea TV. He has commentated on Chelsea matches with Gary Taphouse since 2002 and is involved with matchday hospitality at the club. He runs a football school in Dunstable and coaches a successful under-14s side named Icknield. He was also joint manager at Dunstable and involved in community work in the area.
In June 2014, he was charged with a class-A drugs offence.

</doc>
