<doc id="2877068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877068" title="Ronnie Lee">
Ronnie Lee

Ronnie Lee (born 1951) is a British animal rights activist. He is known primarily for having founded the Animal Liberation Front (ALF) in 1976. He also founded the magazine "Arkangel" in 1989.
Founding the ALF.
Lee was a member of the Hunt Saboteurs Association (HSA) in the 1970s, and formed an offshoot of it, which he called the Band of Mercy. The original Band of Mercy was started by a group of activists in England in 1824 to thwart fox hunting by laying false scents and blowing hunting horns. Lee and another activist, Cliff Goodman, revived the name in 1972, and set about attacking hunters' vehicles. They progressed to attacking pharmaceutical laboratories and seal-hunting boats, and on November 10, 1973, they set fire to a building in Milton Keynes with the aim of making insurance prohibitive for what they saw as industries that exploit animals, a strategy the ALF continues to pursue.
In August 1974, Lee and Goodman were arrested for taking part in a raid on Oxford Laboratory Animal Colonies in Bicester, which earned them the name the "Bicester Two". Daily demonstrations took place outside the court during their trial, with Lee's local Labour MP, Ivor Clemitson among the demonstrators. They were sentenced to three years in prison, during which Lee went on the movement's first hunger strike to obtain vegan food and clothing. Paroled after 12 months, Lee emerged more militant than before, and organized 30 activists to set up a new liberation campaign. Seeking a campaign named that would "haunt" those who used animals, he chose the Animal Liberation Front.
"Valerie's" story.
In "Free the Animals" (2000), Ingrid Newkirk, the president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), tells what purports to be the true story of one of the first ALF activists to set up a cell in the United States, and how she was helped by Lee. The activist, named "Valerie" by Newkirk, flew to London in the early 1980s to seek Lee's help. She made contact with him by making an appointment to interview Kim Stallwood, then the executive director of the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection (BUAV), and later executive director of PETA. Valerie pretended she was writing an article about animal rights, and asked Stallwood whether he knew how to contact Lee, as she wanted to interview him too. Stallwood told her BUAV allowed Lee's "volunteers" to use an office in the BUAV building, because Lee had just been released from prison. Stallwood made it clear that Lee and the BUAV did not agree on the merits of direct action.
Newkirk describes how Stallwood introduced Valerie to Lee in a nearby pub. Before agreeing to speak to her, Lee asked Valerie to hand over her wallet, the contents of which he checked, take off her jacket, stand up, and lift her shirt over her stomach. When he was satisfied that she was not recording the conversation, he told her he could arrange for her to join an ALF activist training course in the north of England. When they parted, he declined to shake hands with her, because he said he couldn't afford to be seen doing anything that looked as though he was sealing a deal. "What you do is our handshake," he told Valerie. Newkirk describes how the participants in the training course did not know each other's real names, using code names throughout, with Lee being the only person who knew everyone's identity.
Imprisonment.
Lee became the ALF's full-time press officer in the 1980s, and was sentenced in connection with this to ten years imprisonment in 1986. While in prison, he founded "Arkangel", the animal liberation magazine. He was released in 1992 after serving six years and eight months.
Beliefs.
Lee has written that animal liberation requires widespread, radical changes in the way human beings live.
Current activism.
Lee is reported to maintain a low profile in England. His participation in the animal liberation movement appears limited to making public statements in response to news stories about ALF actions, expressing views that are frequently more militant than those expressed officially by the Animal Liberation Press Office. For example, he issued a statement in 2001 openly condoning an armed assault on an executive of Huntingdon Life Sciences, the subject of an international animal-rights campaign called Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty (SHAC), which ALF activists are believed to be involved in. In 2008 he expressed regret that when active he had sought to the target properties and institutions involved in animal abuse rather than the individuals. He stated that had he had his time again he would now target individuals he perceived as animal abusers, in their own homes as opposed to their places of work. Lee also put in an appearance in disguise in the 2006 documentary about the ALF 'Behind the Mask' where he again expressed radical views about violence towards people he perceived as animal abusers.
Vegan advocacy.
Ronnie Lee was a guest of Animal Rights Zone (ARZone), appearing as a live guest on the global animal rights social network, which is transcribed on the online site.
Green Party.
Ronnie Lee has become an active member of the Green Party of England and Wales and has co-founded a group called Greens For Animal Protection, for members of the Green Party who campaign on animal issues.

</doc>
<doc id="2877069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877069" title="Cedar Knolls, New Jersey">
Cedar Knolls, New Jersey

Cedar Knolls is an unincorporated community located within Hanover Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of Hanover Township along with Whippany.

</doc>
<doc id="2877078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877078" title="Stormblåst">
Stormblåst

Stormblåst ("Stormblown" in English) is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released on 25 January 1996 through Cacophonous Records, and re-released in 2001 by Century Media. The album is entirely in the band's native language of Norwegian, and was their last album to be completely in Norwegian instead of English.
More keyboards were employed for this album than previously by the band, and the guitars and bass became more musically textured. This is also the last album where lyrics would be written by Aldrahn (of Dødheimsgard and Ved Buens Ende) until 2003's "Death Cult Armageddon", and the last album to feature Brynjard Tristan on bass guitar.
In 2005, a completely re-recorded version of this album was released as "Stormblåst MMV".
Background.
The intro to "Guds Fortapelse" is from Dvořák's Symphony no. 9 in E minor, Op. 95 "From the New World".
The song "Sorgens kammer" was plagiarized by keyboardist at the time, Stian Aarstad, from the title track of the Amiga game "Agony". As a result the song was left off of their re-recording of "Stormblåst". The same thing applies for the intro to "Alt lys er svunnet hen", which plagiarized the song "Sacred Hour" by Magnum.
Critical reception.
AllMusic's review was unfavorable, writing, "Lengthy, melancholy piano instrumentals, too many mid-paced tempos and an overabundance of goth-flavored synth mush will test the patience of those looking for a more visceral approach..."

</doc>
<doc id="2877089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877089" title="Hortelão">
Hortelão

There are settlements that have the name Hortelão in Cape Verde:

</doc>
<doc id="2877098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877098" title="Meghalaya danio">
Meghalaya danio

The Meghalaya danio ("Danio meghalayensis") is a recently discovered species of fish from the Meghalaya state, India. It lives in water at about above sea level and prefers cooler temperatures, but it is probably not suitable for outdoor ponds in areas where frosts occur.

</doc>
<doc id="2877116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877116" title="Prepare to Be Wrong">
Prepare to Be Wrong

Prepare to Be Wrong is an EP from Straylight Run, released on October 4, 2005 by Victory Records. The song "It Never Gets Easier" was originally titled "Costello".
Track listing.
All songs written by Straylight Run, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="2877118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877118" title="The Trials of Nikki Hill">
The Trials of Nikki Hill

The Trials of Nikki Hill is a legal thriller written by Christopher Darden and Dick Lochte, and published Time Warner Company in 1999.
Plot summary.
The protagonist of this legal thriller is 33 year old, Nikki Hill. Nikki is a lead prosecutor at the District Attorney's office, and he has trusted her to help find the killer of Madeleine Gray, Hollywood's most popular TV host of a blackmail show. 
At first there is a hands down suspect, Jamal Deschamps, who was found at the scene of the crime. He possessed her ring and his skin was also under Maddie's thumb. After a lie detector test, it was proven that Deschamps was not the killer. It turned out, he merely found the cadaver and whilst stealing its ring, cut himself on her thumb.
Nikki, another smart aleck prosecutor, and two quirky homicide detectives have a few loose strings, and bewilderment of who the real killer is. At Maddie's mansion, there was a missing rug, and a glass a ball that had Maddie's blood on it. And upstairs, where her "blackmail" files are, there is a busted drawer with missing contents. Nikki and the team discover that R&B singer, Diana Cooper, had a fight with Maddie the day of the murder. She quickly becomes a major suspect when Maddie's blood is also found in her trunk. The detectives come up with a scenario: Maddie threatened to give Diana's blackmail information, so she stole it and killed Maddie. 
This was soon proven wrong when detective Goodman's girlfriend confessed to stealing the black mail file for Diana's husband. Diana's charges were also dropped due to conflict with her alibi the time of the murder. Next, fingers were pointed towards John Willins, Diana's husband. Maddie had told Palmer, her neighbor, that she had slept with a J man. There were also logs at a private getaway club that a J. W. and M. Gray went together several times. 
Nikki and the team try to trace John Willin's past, and it turned up that he was from a small town. While putting together clues, they find out that John's family was killed in a fire, and that he could be taking on the identity of his deceased cousin. This leads to another question: did he murder his family with the fire? The only way to really find out was to go to the town and see if there was a grave for "John Willins". When they report this phenomenal news to district attorney, Joe Walden, he decides he wants to come along. And when they finally get to the town's only cemetery, they find out that Joe Walden, the district attorney, is the "J.W."...!

</doc>
<doc id="2877123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877123" title="Paul César Helleu">
Paul César Helleu

Paul César Helleu (17 December 1859 – 23 March 1927) was a French oil painter, pastel artist, drypoint etcher, and designer, best known for his numerous portraits of beautiful society women of the Belle Époque. He also conceived the ceiling mural of night sky constellations for Grand Central Terminal in New York City. He was also the father of Jean Helleu and the grandfather of Jacques Helleu, both artistic directors for Parfums Chanel.
Biography.
Paul César Helleu was born in Vannes, Brittany, France. His father, who was a customs inspector, died when Helleu was in his teens. Despite opposition from his widowed mother, he then went to Paris and studied at Lycée Chaptal. In 1876, at age 16, he was admitted to the École des Beaux-Arts, beginning academic training in art with Jean-Léon Gérôme. Helleu attended the Second Impressionist Exhibition in the same year, and made his first acquaintances with John Singer Sargent, James McNeill Whistler, and Claude Monet. He was struck by their modern, bold alla prima technique and outdoor scenes, so far removed from the studio. To survive following graduation, Helleu took a job with the firm Théodore Deck Ceramique Française hand-painting fine decorative plates. At this same time, he met Giovanni Boldini, a portrait painter with a facile, bravura style, who became a mentor and comrade, and strongly influenced his future artistic style.
When he was 18 years old, Helleu established a close friendship with John Singer Sargent, four years his senior, that was to last his lifetime. Already becoming established, Sargent was receiving commissions for his work. Helleu had not sold anything, and was deeply discouraged almost to the point of abandoning his studies. When Sargent heard this, he went to Helleu and picked one of his paintings, praising his technique. Flattered that Sargent would praise his work, he offered to give it to him. Sargent replied, "I shall gladly accept this, Helleu, but not as a gift. I sell my own pictures, and I know what they cost me by the time they are out of my hand. I should never enjoy this pastel if I hadn't paid you a fair and honest price for it." With this he paid him a thousand-franc note.
Helleu was commissioned to paint a portrait of a young woman named Alice Guérin in 1884. They fell in love, and married two years later, on 28 July 1886. Throughout their lives together, she was his favourite model. Charming, refined and graceful, she helped introduce them to the aristocratic circles of Paris, where they were popular fixtures.
On a trip to London with Jacques-Émile Blanche in 1885, Helleu met Whistler again and visited other prominent artists of the age. His introduction to James Jacques Tissot, an accomplished society painter from France who made his career in England, proved to be a revelation. From Tissot, Helleu saw, for the first time, the possibilities of drypoint etching with a diamond point stylus directly on a copper plate. Helleu quickly became a virtuoso of the technique, drawing with the same dynamic and sophisticated freedom with his stylus as with his pastels. His prints were very well received, and they had the added advantage that a sitter could have several proofs printed to give to relations or to friends. Over the course of his career, Helleu produced more than 2,000 drypoint prints.
Soon, Helleu was displaying works to much acclaim at several galleries. Degas encouraged Helleu to submit paintings to the Eighth Impressionist Exhibition in May and June 1886. The show was installed in a Paris apartment at 1 rue Laffitte, which ran concurrently with the official Salon that year to make a statement. Although 17 artists joined the famous exhibit that included the first Neo-Impressionistic works, Helleu, like Monet, refused to participate.
In 1886, Helleu befriended Robert de Montesquiou, the poet and aesthete, who bought six of his drypoints to add to his large print collection. Montesquiou later wrote a book about Helleu that was published in 1913 with reproductions of 100 of his prints and drawings. This volume remains the definitive biography on Helleu. Montesquiou introduced Helleu to Parisian literary salons, where he met Marcel Proust, who also became a friend. Proust created a literary picture of Helleu in his novel "Remembrance of Things Past" as the painter Elstir. (Later, Helleu was to engrave a well-known portrait of Proust on his deathbed.) Montesquiou's cousin, the Countess Greffulhe, enabled Helleu to successfully expand his career as a portrait artist to elegant women in the highest ranks of Paris society, for which he is now most renowned. His noteworthy subjects include the Duchess of Marlborough, the Marchesa Casati, Belle da Costa Greene, Madeleine Chéruit, and Helena Rubenstein.
Looking for new inspiration, Helleu began a series of paintings and color prints of cathedrals and stained glass windows in 1893, followed by flower studies and landscapes of parks in Versailles. Helleu took up sailing, owning four yachts over his life. Ships, harbor views, life at port in Deauville, and women in their fashionable seaside attire, became subjects for many vivid and spirited works.
In 1904, Helleu was awarded the Légion d'honneur and became one of the most celebrated artists of the Edwardian era in both Paris and London. He was an honorary member in important beaux-arts societies, including the International Society of Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers, headed by Auguste Rodin, and the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts.
On his second trip to the United States in 1912, Helleu was awarded the commission to design was the ceiling decoration in New York City's Grand Central Terminal. He decided on a mural of a blue-green night sky covered by the starry signs of the zodiac that cross the Milky Way. Although the astrological design was widely admired, the ceiling was covered in the 1930s. More than sixty years later, in 1998, it was completely restored and millions of visitors and passengers at the station still marvel at Helleu's ceiling mural today.
Helleu made his last trip to New York City in 1920 for an exhibition of his work, but he realized that the Belle Époque was over. He felt out of touch, and shortly after his return to France, he destroyed nearly all of his copper plates, retiring to family life. While planning for a new exhibition with Jean-Louis Forain, he died of peritonitis following surgery in Paris, in 1927 at age 67.
Among many of Helleu's friends was Coco Chanel, who picked beige as her signature colour upon the advice of the artist—the colour of the sand on the beach of Biarritz in the early morning. Both his son Jean Helleu and his grandson Jacques Helleu became artistic directors for Parfums Chanel.

</doc>
<doc id="2877124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877124" title="History of role-playing games">
History of role-playing games

The history of role-playing games begins with an earlier tradition of role-playing, which combined with the rulesets of fantasy wargames in the 1970s to give rise to the modern role-playing game. A role-playing game (RPG) is a type of game in which the participants assume the roles of characters and collaboratively create stories. Participants determine the actions of their characters based on their characterization, and the actions succeed or fail according to a system of rules and guidelines. Within the rules, they may improvise freely; their choices shape the direction and outcome of the games.
Role-playing games are substantially different from competitive games such as ball games and card games. This has led to confusion among some non-players about the nature of fantasy gaming. The game "Dungeons & Dragons" was a subject of controversy in the 1980s when well-publicized opponents claimed it caused negative spiritual and psychological effects. Academic research has discredited these claims. Some educators support role-playing games as a healthy way to hone reading and arithmetic skills. Though role-playing has been accepted by some, a few religious organizations continue to object.
Media attention both increased sales and stigmatized certain games. In thirty years the genre has grown from a few hobbyists and boutique publishers to an economically significant part of the games industry, though grass-roots and small business involvement remains substantial. Games industry company Hasbro purchased fantasy game publisher Wizards of the Coast in 1998 for an estimated $325 million.
Earlier role-playing traditions combined with the game mechanics of fantasy wargames in the 1970s to give rise to the modern role-playing games.
Early role-playing.
In 16th century Europe, traveling teams of players performed a form of improvisational theatre known as the Commedia dell'arte, with stock situations, stock characters and improvised dialogue. In the 19th and early 20th century, many board games and parlour games such as the game "Jury Box" included elements of role-playing. Mock trials, model legislatures, and the "Theatre Games" created by Viola Spolin arose, in which players took on the roles of characters and improvised, but without the formalised rules which would characterise modern role-playing games.
There is some evidence that assassin-style games may have been played in New York city by adults as early as 1920. A simple version in which an assassination was performed by saying, "You're dead," was mentioned in Harpo Marx's autobiography, "Harpo Speaks!", in a section covering the 1920s.
In the 1960s, historical reenactment groups gave rise to "creative history" games, which probably originate with the founding of the Society for Creative Anachronism in Berkeley, California on May 1, 1966. A similar group, the Markland Medieval Mercenary Militia, began holding events on the University of Maryland, College Park in 1969. These groups were largely dedicated to accurately recreating medieval history and culture, however, with only mild fantasy elements, and were probably mostly influenced by historical re-enactment.
Wargames.
Drawing inspiration from Chess, Helwig, Master of Pages to the Duke of Brunswick created a battle emulation game in 1780. According to Max Boot's book "War Made New" (2006, pg 122), sometime between 1803 and 1809, the Prussian General Staff developed war games, with staff officers moving metal pieces around on a game table (with blue pieces representing their forces and red pieces those of the enemy), using dice rolls to indicate random chance and with a referee scoring the results. Increasingly realistic variations became part of military training in the 19th century in many nations, and were called "kriegspiel" or "wargames". Wargames or military exercises are still an important part of military training today.
Wargaming moved from professional training to the hobby market with the publication of "Little Wars", children's toy soldier game, by H.G. Wells in 1913. A niche hobby of wargaming emerged for adults that recreated model games around actual battles from the Napoleonic period onward. Although a single marker or miniature figure typically represented a squad of soldiers, some "skirmish level" or "man to man" games did exist where one figure represented one entity only.
The board wargame "Diplomacy", invented by Allan B. Calhamer in 1954 and released in 1959, made social interaction and interpersonal skills part of its gameplay. A live-action variant of "Diplomacy" named "Slobbovia" was used for character development rather than conflict.
In the late 1960s, fantasy elements were increasingly used in wargames. Linguist M. A. R. Barker began to use wargame-like sessions to develop his creation "Tékumel". In 1970, the New England Wargamers Association demonstrated a fantasy wargame called "Middle Earth" at a convention of the Military Figure Collectors Association. Fantasy writer Greg Stafford created the board wargame "White Bear and Red Moon" to explore conflicts in his fantasy world Glorantha, though it did not see publication until 1974.
Gary Gygax of the University of Minnesota's wargaming society developed a set of rules for a late medieval milieu. This unusual wargame saw publication in 1971 under the name "Chainmail". Although "Chainmail" was a historical game, later editions included an appendix for adding fantasy elements such as wizards and dragons.
A wargame session was held at the University of Minnesota in 1969, with Dave Wesely as the moderator, in which the players represented single characters in a Napoleonic scenario centering around a small town named "Braunstein". This did not lead to any further experimentation in the same vein immediately, but the ground had been laid. It actually bore greater resemblance to later LARP games than what would conventionally be thought of as a role-playing game. Wesely would, later in the year, run a second "Braunstein," placing the players in the roles of government officials and revolutionaries in a fictional banana republic. The two games would be used partially by Dave Arneson who was a participant, to focus his ideas regarding a fantasy realm known as Blackmoor, and by 1971, Arneson would be running what could be conventionally recognized as a role-playing game based on his Blackmoor world.
Blackmoor contained core elements that would become widespread in fantasy gaming: hit points, experience points, character levels, armor class, and dungeon crawls. Like the wargames it grew from, Blackmoor used miniature figures and terrain grids to illustrate the action. The key difference with the Blackmoor games, which allowed it to become a game distinct from the wargame-based Braunsteins, was the ability of the players to set their own character goals, in addition to the scenario goals set by Arneson. Arneson and Gygax then met and collaborated on the first "Dungeons & Dragons" game.
1970s: the first modern RPGs.
The first commercially available role-playing game, "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D"), was published in 1974 by Gygax's TSR. TSR marketed the game as a niche product. Gygax expected to sell about 50,000 copies. After establishing itself in boutique stores it developed a cult following.
The game's growing success spawned cottage industries and a variety of peripheral products. In a few years other fantasy games appeared, some of which blatantly copied the look and feel of the original game (one of the earliest competitors was "Tunnels and Trolls"). Along with "Dungeons & Dragons", early successes included "Chivalry & Sorcery", "Traveller", and "RuneQuest." Live-action groups such as Dagorhir were started, and organized gaming conventions and publications such as "Dragon Magazine" catered to the growing hobby.
TSR launched "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" ("AD&D") in the late 1970s. This ambitious project expanded the rules to a small library of hardcover books. These covered such minutiae as the chance of finding a singing sword in a pile of loot or the odds of coaxing gossip from a tavern keeper. Optional modules in the form of small booklets offered prepared adventure settings. The first edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" published in 1979 included a recommended reading list of twenty-five authors.
1980s: growth and controversy.
Literary and mythological references helped draw new fans to the game. Success became a mixed blessing for TSR. The company was involved in some legal disputes and criticism from some religious groups was increasing. During this time the company underwent dramatic growth, peaking at 300 employees in 1984.
New publishers entered the scene, such as Chaosium ("RuneQuest", 1978, and "Call of Cthulhu", 1981), Iron Crown Enterprises ("RoleMaster", 1980), Palladium ("Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game", 1983), Victory Games ("James Bond 007" RPG, 1983), and West End Games ("Paranoia", 1984). These games were all based on a characteristics/skill system, following the trail blazed by "Traveller".
Translations allowed the hobby to spread to other countries. "Traveller" was translated into Japanese in 1984, quickly followed by "Dungeons & Dragons" in 1985. New games began to be produced outside America, such as "Midgard" (1981) and "The Dark Eye" (1983) in Germany, "Drakar och Demoner" (1982) in Sweden, "Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay" (1986) in the United Kingdom, "Adventurers of the North, Kalevala Heroes" (1989) in Finland and ' (1983) and "Sword World RPG" (1989) in Japan. France also was hit by the role-playing wave in the mid-1980s, as seen by the translations into French of "Dungeons & Dragons" in 1983 (first role-playing game to be translated), "Call of Cthulhu" in 1984, "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in 1986 and "RuneQuest" in 1987, and by original products such as the "Légendes" series (Jeux Descartes, 1983), "Mega" (Jeux et Stratégie, 1984), "Empire Galactique" (Robert Laffont, 1984), or "Rêve de Dragon" (Nouvelles Éditions Fantastiques, 1985; English translation ' by Malcontent Games, 2002). Translations into Spanish of "Dungeons & Dragons" (Dalmau Carles Pla, 1985), "Call of Cthulhu" (Joc Internacional, 1988), "RuneQuest" (Joc Internacional, 1988), "Middle-earth Role-Playing" (Joc Internacional, 1989) and "Traveller" (Diseños Orbitales, 1989) were published in Spain during the 1980s. Spanish speaking countries didn't start their own role-playing games production before the 1990s: "Aquelarre" (Joc Internacional, 1990) and "Mutantes en la sombra" (Ludotecnia, 1991) were published in Spain and "Laberinto" saw publication for the first time in Mexico in 1998 (Gráfica Nueva de Occidente).
Role-playing games began to influence other media. A new genre of video games arose from early mainframe computer imitations of RPGs, with "Akalabeth" and "Rogue" both published in 1980; the genre inherited many of the settings and game mechanics of RPGs as well as the name, and went on to have its own varied history. An animated television series based on "Dungeons & Dragons" was produced in 1983, also called "Dungeons & Dragons".
The second edition of "Dungeons & Dragons", launched in 1988, downplayed literary elements to reduce objections. Surviving artifacts of this heritage and its influence on the wider gaming community include widespread use of Tolkienesque character types and the persistence of the gaming term "vorpal." Borrowed from Lewis Carroll's poem "Jabberwocky", this was the first edition's most powerful magic sword.
Up to this stage, each game had tied itself to a particular setting; If a player wanted to play in a science-fiction game and a fantasy game, they had to learn two game systems. Attempts were made in "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" to allow cross-genre games using "Gamma World" and "Boot Hill" rules, but the obscure rules went largely unused. Some companies bucked this trend, however. Chaosium produced a book titled "Basic Role-Playing" (1981), which was the first generic role-playing game system. It originated in the fantasy-oriented "RuneQuest" role-playing game rules and was used in "Call of Cthulhu", "Stormbringer"' and other games. The Hero System, first introduced in "Champions" (1981), was also used in "Justice, Inc." (1984), "Fantasy Hero" (1985) and other games. Steve Jackson Games followed with "GURPS" (the Generic Universal Roleplaying System) in 1986.
"Champions" also introduced game balance between player characters to role-playing games. Whereas in "Dungeons & Dragons" players created characters randomly using dice, newer games began to use a system whereby each player was given a number of character points to spend to get characteristics, skills, advantages, getting more points by accepting low characteristics, disadvantages, and so forth.
1990s.
The game "Ars Magica", originally published in 1988, emphasized characterization and storytelling over game mechanics and combat. The game was brought to White Wolf, Inc. by Mark Rein-Hagen when it merged with his game company, who took the same approach in his 1991 game "", a gothic horror themed game whose setting appealed to the growing Goth subculture; the game was a huge success and spawned a huge number of spinoffs which were brought together as the "World of Darkness". This style of storytelling game lent itself well to live-action role-playing games.
The fall of communism allowed the hobby to spread even further. A Polish RPG magazine, "Magia i Miecz" ("Magic and Sword"), was published, and soon several Polish role-playing games followed, with other post-communist countries soon joining in.
With advances in home computing, role-playing video games increased in popularity. These games, which use settings and game-mechanics found in role-playing games, do not require a gamemaster or require a player to remain in-character. Although they helped to introduce new gamers to the hobby, the demands of time and money on players were split between the two.
In 1993, Peter Adkison and Richard Garfield, a doctoral candidate in mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania, released a competitive card collecting game with a fantasy setting reminiscent of fantasy role-playing games called "". The game was extremely successful, and its publishers Wizards of the Coast (WotC) experienced phenomenal growth; A new genre of collectible card games emerged. The sudden appearance and remarkable popularity of "Magic" took many gamers (and game publishing companies) by surprise, as they tried to keep pace with fads and changes in the public opinion.
In the year thereafter (1994), Bethesda Softworks released the first chapter in their The Elder Scrolls role-playing series. The game was Bethesda's attempt to create a true "pen and paper" style experience for personal computers. The series was followed by five more major chapters with the 2011 Chapter V Skyrim release being one of the most celebrated games in the history of the industry. The Elder Scrolls has gone on to establish itself as one of the reference works in the RPG category. 
With gamers' time and money split three ways, the role-playing game industry declined. Articles appeared in "Dragon Magazine" and other industry magazines foretelling the "end of role-playing", since face-to-face time was spent playing "Magic". TSR's attempts to become a publishing house further drained their reserves of cash, and the financially troubled company was eventually purchased by Wizards of the Coast in 1997. Articles criticising WotC's game in TSR's magazine stopped. WotC became a division of Hasbro in 1998, being bought for an estimated $325 million.
Meanwhile critical and theoretical reflection on role-playing game theory was developing. In 1994-95 "Inter*Active", (later renamed "Interactive Fiction") published a magazine devoted to the study of RPGs. In the late 1990s discussion on the nature of RPGs on rec.games.frp.advocacy generated the Threefold Model. The Scandinavian RPG scene saw several opposing ideological camps about the nature and function of RPGs emerge, which began having regular academic conferences called the knutepunkt conferences, which began in 1997 and continue to today.
2000s: open and indie gaming.
Frustrated that game supplements suffered far more diminished sales over time than the core books required to play the game, WotC's "Dungeons & Dragons" brand manager Ryan Dancey introduced a policy whereby other companies could publish "D&D"-compatible games under the Open Gaming License. This would spread the cost of supplementing the game and would increase sales of the core books, which could only be published by Wizards of the Coast. The new "D&D" rules became known as the "d20 system", and a System Reference Document was published, containing all the rules needed to write a supplement or run a one-off game, but lacking the character advancement rules necessary for long-term play. The open gaming movement enjoyed a great deal of success, and although there was some criticism of the move a great many d20 System games have been released.
Meanwhile, self-defined "Indie role-playing" communities arose on the internet, studying role-playing and developing the GNS Theory of role-playing games. With the advent of print on demand and PDF publishing, it became possible for these individuals to produce games with tightly-focused designs, eschewing the mainstream trends of the industry.
Controversy.
Role-playing games are often poorly understood by the non-gaming community, and have attracted criticism from concerned parents and religious conservatives. The religious objections leveled against fantasy role-playing games in the past are similar to religious objections sometimes now made against the "Harry Potter" fantasy series and The Walt Disney Company. However, these objections have not led to a boycott of Hasbro similar to those organized against the latter two products.
Outsiders who misunderstand the nature of fantasy gaming have created serious problems for the industry. Publisher Steve Jackson Games nearly went out of business after a 1990 Secret Service raid seized the company's computers. The firm's fantasy technology game "GURPS Cyberpunk" inspired a mistaken assumption that they were computer hackers. A 1994 U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, ruling upheld the firm's subsequent suit against the Secret Service. These actions, in part, led to the creation of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. 
Though many role-playing games have had controversies or poor press, "Dungeons & Dragons" has often been the primary target of criticism, at least in part because it is so widely played that it has become emblematic of role-playing in popular culture. Groups as diverse as the Israel Defense Forces and Jack Chick publications have singled the game out as a source of concern. The IDF asked its teenage recruits if they played the game and if they answered yes they were given a lower security clearance. This was because "These people have a tendency to be influenced by external factors which could cloud their judgment...may be detached from reality or have a weak personality - elements which lower a person's security clearance, allowing them to serve in the army, but not in sensitive positions," according to an unnamed military official. Chick Publications have claimed that the game leads young people into the occult.
One of the most widely referenced incidents relating to "Dungeons & Dragons" came in 1979, with the disappearance of 16-year-old James Dallas Egbert III. Egbert had attempted suicide in the utility tunnels beneath the campus of Michigan State University, and after his unsuccessful attempt, hid at a friend's house for approximately a month.
A well-publicized search for Egbert began, and a private investigator speculated in the press that Egbert had gotten lost in the steam tunnels during a live-action version of the game. The press largely reported the story as fact, which served as the kernel of a persistent collective delusion regarding such "steam tunnel incidents." Egbert's suicide attempts, including his successful suicide the following year (by self-inflicted gunshot) had no connection whatsoever to "D&D", being brought on by his being a talented but highly depressed young man under incredible stress. The 1981 book "Mazes and Monsters" was a thinly disguised fictionalization of the press exaggerations of the Egbert case. It was later adapted as a made-for-television movie in 1982.
Also in 1982, Patricia Pulling's son, an active "D&D" player, committed suicide, and Pulling believed the game to be the direct cause of his death. After unsuccessful legal action, Pulling founded the one-person advocacy group Bothered About "Dungeons & Dragons" (BADD), and began publishing information circulating her belief that "D&D" encouraged devil worship and suicide.
Overall opponents of role-playing gaming were remarkably successful at attracting media attention in the 1980s. In a 1994 "Skeptical Inquirer" article, Paul Cardwell, Jr. observes that, "The Associated Press and United Press International, between 1979 and 1992, carried 111 stories mentioning role-playing games. Almost all named only "Dungeons & Dragons"... Of the 111 stories, 80 were anti-game, 19 had no majority, 9 were neutral, and only 3 were pro-game. Those three pro-game stories were all from UPI, which is a considerably smaller wire service than AP.
Gamers organized the Committee for the Advancement of Role-Playing Games (CAR-PGa) in 1988. This organization writes letters to editors, gives interviews, and advocates for balanced reporting about RPGs.
Their defense of RPGs has been made easier as more research has become available regarding such games. For example, the American Association of Suicidology, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, and Health & Welfare (Canada) have all concluded that there is no causal link between fantasy gaming and suicide. And writer Michael Stackpole used BADD's own data to demonstrate that suicide is actually lower among gamers than non-gamers.
From 1994 to 1997 three proposals were put forth in the Swedish Riksdag aimed at removing government grants for Sverok, the Swedish nationwide umbrella organization for gaming clubs. The arguments for the proposals were that playing role-playing games made youths more prone to acts of violence and that some sensational cases that had come to the public's attention were caused by role-playing games.
In response, the Swedish National Board for Youth Affairs, the government agency charged with monitoring and acting on the interests of youths in Sweden, was given the assignment to evaluate role-playing as a hobby. This resulted in a report with the title "Role-playing as recreation". The report gives no support to claims of correlation between acts of violence and playing role-playing games, nor of claims that impressionable youths would be susceptible to blurring lines between reality and fantasy, another claim made in the Riksdag proposals. On the contrary, the report is positive of role-playing as a recreation for youths.

</doc>
<doc id="2877126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877126" title="Nuyorican Productions">
Nuyorican Productions

Nuyorican Productions, Inc. is an American production company founded by Jennifer Lopez and Benny Medina.
History.
Lopez owns the film and television production company Nuyorican Productions, which was launched as early as 2001. It was co-founded with her manager Benny Medina, who was supposed to receive half the producing revenue from the company. Lopez split with Medina shortly after the company was founded, but they later restored their business relationship.
In September 2003, Nuyorican Productions partnered with HBO to create a documentary about Los Quinces, a traditional ball held to celebrate a Cuban girl's 15th birthday. Lopez stated: "We are committed to producing unique and provocative films, so a documentary on this tradition is a natural fit for us".
Nuyorican Productions produced "South Beach", a primetime television drama that aired from January 6 to February 11, 2006 on UPN. The series, which stars Vanessa L. Williams, follows three young adults "trying to get ahead in Miami". The show experienced low ratings and received generally negative reviews from critics. With UPN shutting down and moving its programming to The CW that fall, "South Beach" was one of many shows that weren't moved over to the new network. Screenwriter Jack Bunick filed a lawsuit in April stating that the plot for "South Beach" was copied from "South Beach Miami", a script he wrote in 1999. Bunick claimed that he pitched the idea to UPN, but he was never contacted back. The lawsuit named Lopez, UPN, CBS Television and others as defendants. It was dropped in April 2008 by U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who stated that there's inadequate evidence to take the case to trial.
"El Cantante", a film which Lopez starred in alongside her then-husband Marc Anthony, was Nuyorican Production's first ever production, which Lopez has shelved years previously. Nuyorican Productions produced mini-series broadcast on Univisión, which Jennifer was a co-executive producer of; the show was named after her album "Como Ama una Mujer". It ran in five episodes from October 30 to November 27, 2007, and starred Adriana Cruz. Another show that came from her production company, "Brethren" which Fox gave script commitment, and it later aired on the channel. The production company, which has produced "Taming Ben Taylor", "Nannyland" and "Amigas Sweet 15 Club" has signed deals with Fox for films to be made.
In November 2011, it was announced that Nuyorican Productions will produce "Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?", a film adaption of educational children's game; in which Lopez was rumored to potentially star in. Lopez is developing a drama series called The Fosters.

</doc>
<doc id="2877128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877128" title="Bernard Allison">
Bernard Allison

Bernard Allison (born November 26, 1965, Chicago, Illinois) is a blues guitarist based out of Paris, France. 
Biography.
Bernard Allison was born on November 26, 1965, in Chicago, Illinois. His father, Luther Allison, was a Chicago blues musician. Allison moved back and forth between Illinois and Florida, but remained close to his father's music whether with him or not, listening to his father's albums when they were apart. He accompanied his father to blues festivals in the early 1970s. There he was introduced to Muddy Waters, Hound Dog Taylor and Albert King, amongst others. 
Allison taught himself to play in Florida while his father was touring internationally and displayed his early skills to his father when he was 12. His father brought him a Stratocaster guitar but required him to remain in school, although he did allow his son to join him on stage at the age of 18 at the 1983 Chicago Blues Festival. A week after his graduation from high school, he was invited to join Koko Taylor's touring band. During that time, he furthered his skills under the tutelage of Johnny Winter, whom he had met when younger, and Stevie Ray Vaughan whom he met in the first year of his career.
From 1985, he also tried out his headline act, Bernard Allison and Back Talk, largely active in Canada, although he remained with Koko Taylor. He became the bandleader for his father's touring band in Europe late in 1989, and with his father's assistance and the loan of his father's musicians recorded his debut album, "The Next Generation", in Paris around Christmas that year. Over the next years, Allison and his father would continue to collaborate closely, with Bernard co-writing and arranging material on his father's final three albums and Luther offering ongoing advise to his son's band.
Allison released three more albums in Europe, "Hang On", "No Mercy", and "Funkifino". In 1997 — the year of his father's death — his critically acclaimed U.S. debut, "Keepin' the Blues Alive". was released. The album was followed by a U.S. tour and further releases. Allison's 2002 album "Storms of Life" charted at #5 on the Top Blues Albums charts. In spite of the success of his tours and albums in the U.S., Allison remains based in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="2877149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877149" title="Lady Jane Seymour">
Lady Jane Seymour

Lady Jane Seymour (c. 1541–1561) was an influential writer during the sixteenth century in England, along with her sisters, Lady Margaret Seymour and Anne Seymour, Countess of Warwick. Their brother was Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford. They were the children of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset, who from 1547 was the Lord Protector of England after the death of King Henry VIII and during the minority of Jane's first cousin, King Edward VI. She was baptised 22 February 1541, and her godparents were Thomas Cromwell (the King's chief minister), Lady Mary (the King's daughter, at the time declared illegitimate but later to become queen) and Katherine Howard, the fifth wife of Henry VIII, and queen at the time. Jane was thus the niece of Henry VIII's third wife, Queen Jane, whom she was probably named after. She was the sole witness to the secret marriage of her brother Edward to Lady Catherine Grey (a potential heir to Queen Elizabeth I) in 1560. She died a year later, aged 20, probably of tuberculosis. 
The Seymour sisters tended to work together, with their most famous work being a collection of 103 Latin distichs, "Hecatodistichon", for the tomb of Margaret of Valois, queen of Navarre and also an author, which was published in 1550.

</doc>
<doc id="2877170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877170" title="First Market Bank">
First Market Bank

First Market Bank was a federal savings bank founded and headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. It offered a full range of both retail and commercial products as well as mortgage, trust and investment services. The bank also employed more than 300 people. It completed a merger with Union Bankshares on February 1, 2010 to become Union First Market Bankshares Corporation.
History.
First Market began operations on November 4, 1997 with seven branches. It was a joint venture between Ukrop's Super Markets, Inc. and National Commerce Bancorporation of Memphis, TN. This was the first partnership of its kind, where a retailer shared in the ownership of a co-located bank.
In 2006, SunTrust Banks, Inc., the successor of National Commerce Bancorporation, sold its interest in First Market to the Markel Corporation, a Richmond, VA based specialty property and casualty insurer. This move also brought the bank's headquarters to Richmond.
By 2009, First Market operated 39 full-service branches, with 25 inside Ukrop’s Supermarkets. The bank had a geographic footprint including Richmond, Fredericksburg, Roanoke, and Williamsburg, VA. Assets totaled $1.4 billion, net loans totaled $1.0 billion, deposits totaled $1.2 billion, and shareholders’ equity totaled $125.1 million.
Merger with Union Bank and Trust.
On March 30, 2009, First Market Bank agreed to be acquired by Bowling Green, Virginia based Union Bankshares in an all stock transaction valued at approximately $105.4 million.[http://www.gurufocus.com/news.php?id=55734] The merger was complete on February 1, 2010, and on March 22, the branches reopened as Union First Market Bank. The new company became the largest community bank in Virginia, and moved its headquarters to Richmond.
This transaction paralleled the sale of the assets of Ukrop’s Super Markets to Giant Food Stores of Carlisle, PA on February 8, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2877182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877182" title="Wisden Australia's Cricketer of the Year">
Wisden Australia's Cricketer of the Year

Each year since it was established in 1998, "Wisden Australia" has selected one Australian cricketer as "Wisden Australia"s Cricketers of the Year. The award recognises the selected player's contribution to cricket in Australia in the previous season, in a similar manner to the Wisden Cricketers of the Year, selected by "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" based on their influence on the game in England.
Uniquely, the first award was made to a women's cricketer, Belinda Clark. Until Claire Taylor was nominated by Wisden in 2009, no other female cricket player had been a Cricketer of the Year in any format of the almanack.

</doc>
<doc id="2877193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877193" title="Neil Ferreira">
Neil Ferreira

Neil Robert Ferreira (born June 3, 1979 in Salisbury - now Harare) is a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Having also tried his hand at sports including tennis, squash, and hockey, he made his name as a left-handed opening batsman for the academy and for Manicaland. He is also a wicket keeper. His first Test involvement was in the August 2005 Test against New Zealand.
He currently plays cricket with his sons.
Neil currently lives in Western Australia with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="2877198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877198" title="Eastwood (UK Parliament constituency)">
Eastwood (UK Parliament constituency)

Eastwood was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 until 2005. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
History.
The constituency was created for the 1983 general election, when it partially replaced the former East Renfrewshire constituency, following changes in 1975 to local government boundaries.
The East Renfrewshire constituency was re-established for the 2005 general election, with the same boundaries as the Eastwood constituency. Despite the change of name, it is the only constituency in mainland Scotland whose boundaries were unchanged by the 2005 revision of Scottish constituencies.
In 1999, an Eastwood Scottish Parliament constituency was created with the name and boundaries of the Eastwood Westminster constituency.
Boundaries.
The constituency lay to the south of Glasgow and included Clarkston, Newton Mearns, Eaglesham, Barrhead and Neilston.

</doc>
<doc id="2877225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877225" title="Pirate's Cove">
Pirate's Cove

"Pirate's Cove (in German, Piratenbucht") is a board game designed by Paul Randles and Daniel Stahl, and published in Europe in 2002 by Amigo Spiele and in the United States in 2003 by Days of Wonder. In the game, players play pirate ship captains seeking treasure from islands and bragging rights from defeating other pirates in naval combat.
Game play.
The game takes place over 12 months (turns), with the goal of being the pirate with the most fame. Each player has a ship token and a card showing four aspects of the ship (crew, cannon, sail, and hull). At the beginning of each turn, a card is turned over at each island to reveal the potential booty from plunder. Each island (except Pirate's Cove and Treasure Island) offer various amounts of Fame, Gold, Treasure or Tavern cards.
Captains choose an island to plunder based on the potential rewards of that island and the and fight if they show up at the same island. Certain islands offer the opportunity to upgrade an aspect of the ship and the available plunder at each island changes with each turn. A player can use this information to predict where other players' ships will turn up and thus move his ship accordingly to either do battle or avoid it. The bounty of each island is skewed so that some Islands are clearly better choices than others, so it can force you to decide (or bluff) if you think you can take the island should other pirates go after the same bounty. Ships that survive combat then plunder the islands, gain fame, and pay gold to upgrade their ships based on the qualities of the islands. The Legendary Pirate, a black ship token, moves clockwise around the board, forcing captains to steer out of his path unless they think that they can defeat the powerful ship. At Treasure Island, no battle can take place and it is where ships can safely discharge cargo from their ship and bury any plundered treasure (a ship's capacity to hold treasure is based on its hull rating). Burying treasure and money adds to the player's accumulated fame points.

</doc>
<doc id="2877226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877226" title="Oysters Rockefeller">
Oysters Rockefeller

Oysters Rockefeller consists of oysters on the half-shell that have been topped with various other ingredients (often parsley and other green herbs, a rich butter sauce and bread crumbs) and are then baked or broiled.
History.
Oysters Rockefeller was created at the New Orleans restaurant Antoine's. Antoine's was founded in 1840 by Antoine Alciatore, who moved to New Orleans after two frustrating years in New York trying to open a restaurant of his own. It is the country's oldest family-run restaurant. The dish was created in 1899 by Jules Alciatore, son of the restaurant's founder.
The dish was named oysters Rockefeller after John D. Rockefeller, the richest American at the time, for the intense richness of the sauce. Though the original recipe is a secret, the sauce is known to be a puree of a number of green vegetables other than spinach. It consists of oysters on the half-shell topped with the sauce and bread crumbs and then baked. Jules Alciatore developed oysters Rockefeller in the face of a shortage of French snails, substituting the locally available oysters for snails. Antoine's has been serving the original recipe dish since 1899. It is estimated that Antoine's has served over three million, five hundred thousand orders.
Though many New Orleans restaurants serve dishes purporting to be oysters Rockefeller, Antoine's claims that no other restaurant has been able to successfully duplicate the recipe. Knock-off versions of the dish have proliferated in New Orleans, developed to capitalize on the fame of Antoine's signature dish, but because the recipe for oysters Rockefeller was passed down from the creator, Jules Alciatore of Antoine's to his children, and has apparently never left the family's hands, competing restaurants have had to formulate their own recipes. 
Alton Brown of the Food Network series "Good Eats" states in the episode titled "Shell Game" that Jules Alciatore took the original recipe with him to the grave, and any version of the recipe that exists today is only an assumption, based on descriptions of the original dish. While many have achieved the trademark green color of the original—a color easily attainable by using spinach in the recipe—it is said that few get the flavor of Antoine's recipe right. Antoine's chefs have repeatedly denied that the authentic recipe contains spinach. A 1986 laboratory analysis by William Poundstone in "Bigger Secrets" indicated that the primary ingredients were parsley, pureed and strained celery, scallions or chives (indistinguishable in a food lab), olive oil, and capers.
Malcolm Hébert, native Louisianan, cookbook author and wine and food editor, also indicates that the original recipe did not have spinach and he gives a slightly different version and adds the all-important ingredient Herbsaint (or substitute Pernod) and that it is not possible that Herbsaint was in the original 1899 recipe, as Herbsaint was first made in 1935. However, Pernod easily pre-dates the year oysters Rockefeller was created. It is likely the 1899 recipe actually included absinthe, for which Herbsaint later became a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="2877248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877248" title="Raymond of Burgundy">
Raymond of Burgundy

Raymond of Burgundy (c. 1070 – 24 May 1107) was the ruler of Galicia from about 1090 until his death. He was the fourth son of Count William I of Burgundy and Stephanie. He married Urraca, future queen of León, and was the father of the future emperor Alfonso VII.
When Raymond and his cousin, Henry of Burgundy, first arrived in Spain is uncertain, but it probably it was with the army of Duke Odo I of Burgundy in 1086, to prosecute the "Reconquista" against the Muslims. In April 1087, the army abandoned its siege of Tudela and most of the host returned home, but Odo and his retinue went west. By 21 July 1087 they were probably at Burgos, at the court of Alfonso VI, and by 5 August he was in the capital city of León. There Odo arranged Raymond's marriage to Alfonso's heiress, Urraca. All surviving charters which seem to place Raymond in Spain before 1087 are either misdated or interpolated.
By his marriage Raymond received as dowry the government of the Kingdom of Galicia (which included the County of Portugal and the County of Coimbra),
although shortly after, in 1095, Alfonso VI gave the County of Portugal and the County of Coimbra to Henry of Burgundy, father of the first Portuguese King Afonso Henriques of Portugal, basing it in Bracara Augusta (nowadays Braga). During his government he was titled "Count", "Dominus", "Prince", "Emperor" and "Consul" of Galicia or of the Galicians, exercising near absolute power in his domains ("in urbe Gallecia regnante Comite Raymundus"): "serenissimus totius Gallecie comes", "totius Gallecie Senior et Dominus", "totius Gallecie Consul", "totius Gallecie Princeps", "totius Gallecie Imperator".
He was father of Alfonso VII of León and Castile (1104/1105–1157), already crowned king of Galicia in 1111, while his brother later became Pope Callixtus II.

</doc>
<doc id="2877254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877254" title="Sijunjung Regency">
Sijunjung Regency

Sijunjung, formerly known as Sawahlunto Sijunjung, is a regency ("kabupaten") in West Sumatra, Indonesia. The capital of the regency is Muaro Sijunjung. The regency was created from the former Sawahlunto Regency, after the districts comprising Sawahlunto became a city in administratively separate from the regency.
Most of the people work in trade or as government employees, and the rest are farmers. There are few university graduates, because most people are not interested in continuing their studies for reasons of economic and environment culture. Many of the natural resources of this regency are not explored and utilized because of the mountainous geography.
Administration.
The Sijunjung Regency is divided into eight districts ("kecamatan"), listed below with their 2010 Census populations:

</doc>
<doc id="2877258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877258" title="Shinobi Legions">
Shinobi Legions

Shinobi Legions, known as Shinobi X in Europe and as Shin Shinobi Den (新・忍伝) in Japan, is an action game in the "Shinobi series", developed and published by Sega in 1995 for Sega Saturn.
Gameplay.
"Shinobi Legions" is a traditional side-scrolling action game, which means that each level must be finished from left to right. Along the way, the protagonist ninja Sho will come across various foes and obstacles that will test the player's skill, including boss encounters. The gameplay itself is largely the same as that in "". However this time emphasis lies on the use of Sho's katana instead of his shuriken, and separate buttons are now used to control them.
The four ninjitsu techniques from earlier "Shinobi" games have also disappeared. Instead, Sho gains his special abilities by picking up various items scattered across each level. Among them are simple power-ups (yellow and red orbs to restore his hit points) or temporary ninjitsu abilities, such as the Great Sword or the Bunshin clone shield against enemy attacks.
Also found in each level are blue orbs called life spheres. Every time the player manages to collect ten of them, Sho gains one continue. Some item crates contain bombs that will damage Sho if he is standing too near. 
Plot.
Years of civil war have brought the ninjitsu code and its warriors to the brink of extinction. It is time to rebuild, and find the next generation of fighters who will learn the ninja traditions. A ninjitsu master stands alone amidst the wreckage of years of warfare. In his searches, he has found three children who show promise: two brothers, Kazuma and Sho, and his own daughter Aya. He begins to train them.
Fifteen years pass. The oldest boy, Kazuma, begins to reject all the ninjitsu teachings, save one: the technique of strength. Obsessed with power, Kazuma demands that the master teach him the ultimate technique which would make his power absolute. The master refuses, and Kazuma vows to return one day and take revenge. Sho and Aya continue their studies and master the ninjitsu teachings.
Now, Kazuma has returned. He has made an army and acquired the resources to build a fortress. Although the old master has died, his pupils contain within them the secrets of the ultimate technique. Kazuma sets up a trap to lure Sho into his hideout, and kidnaps Aya to use her as a bait. The fate of the world now rests within Sho's hands.
To finish the game, Sho must first go through nine stages, each of which consists of several scenes with a boss battle at the end. Once a stage is finished, a small cinematic plays to advance the plot. The final battle is against Kazuma himself.
In the ending, Kazuma sacrifices himself to save Aya and Sho from an explosion.
"Shinobi X".
The European version of "Shinobi Legions", published by Sega Europe and renamed "Shinobi X", was delayed and released in late 1995. It was due to the fact that Sega Europe's producer David Nulty disliked the original music score and wanted to change it for the European release, in a similar way that Sega of America did years before with the North American release of "Sonic CD". 
The whole in-game tracks were replaced by noted British video game composer Richard Jacques, while the cutscene music tracks were left intact. The European soundtrack is generally considered superior to the original Japanese soundtrack and closer in style to the traditional series, as Richard had the intention of resembling the style of Yuzo Koshiro's "The Revenge of Shinobi". The North American version, published earlier the same year by Vic Tokai, had retained the same music as the Japanese version.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the game a 26 out of 40. Although "Shinobi Legions" boasted improved graphics and superior sound, it was unfavourably received because of the limited use of the then new hardware's capabilities and its use of live-action cutscenes, though notable for its time, was much ridiculed for what was considered poor acting.

</doc>
<doc id="2877259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877259" title="Adolf Reichwein">
Adolf Reichwein

Adolf Reichwein (3 October 1898 – 20 October 1944) was a German educator, economist, and cultural policymaker for the SPD. He was also a resistance fighter in Nazi Germany.
Biography.
Reichwein was born in Bad Ems. He took part in the First World War, in which he was seriously wounded in the lung. Reichwein studied at the universities of Frankfurt am Main und Marburg, under Hugo Sinzheimer and Franz Oppenheimer, among others. In the 1920s, he was active in education policy and adult education in Berlin and Thuringia. It was he who founded the "Volkshochschule" ("Folk high school") and the "Arbeiterbildungsheim" ("Workers' Training Home") in Jena and ran them until 1929. In his "Hungermarsch nach Lappland" ("Hunger March to Lappland") he described in diary form a punishing hike with some young jobless people in the far north. In 1929-1930, he worked as an adviser to the Prussian Culture Minister Carl Heinrich Becker.
From 1930 until 1933, he was a professor at the newly founded Pedagogical Academy in Halle. After the Nazis seized power, he was let go for political reasons and sent off to Tiefensee in Brandenburg to become an elementary schoolteacher. There, until 1939, he conducted many instructional experiments, which received a lot of attention, with educational progressivism and especially vocational education in mind. Reichwein described in his work "Schaffendes Schulvolk" ("Productive School People") his instructional concept, inspired by the Wandervogel movement and labour-school pedagogy, whose main focus was on trips, activity-oriented instruction with school gardens, and projects spanning age groups. For "Sachunterricht" (~field education, or practical learning) and its history, he included important historical documents. Reichwein split the instructional content into a summer cycle (natural sciences and social studies) and a winter cycle ("Man as former"/"in his territory"). From 1939, Reichwein was working at the Folklore Museum in Berlin as a museum educator.
As a member of the Kreisau Circle, Reichwein belonged to the resistance movement against Hitler. It is quite likely that he would have become culture minister in a democratic government. In early July 1944, Reichwein was arrested by the Gestapo, and, in a trial against Julius Leber, Hermann Maaß and Gustav Dahrendorf, sentenced to death by Roland Freisler's "Volksgerichtshof". He was killed next to Maaß at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin on 20 October 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2877265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877265" title="Stuart Parkin">
Stuart Parkin

Stuart Stephen Papworth Parkin (b. 1955) is an experimental physicist, IBM Fellow and manager of the magnetoelectronics group at the IBM Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California. He is also a consulting professor in the Department of Applied Physics at Stanford University and director of the IBM-Stanford Spintronic Science and Applications Center, which was formed in 2004.
He is a pioneer in the science and application of spintronic materials, and has made discoveries into the behavior of thin-film magnetic structures that were critical in enabling recent increases in the data density and capacity of computer hard-disk drives. For these discoveries, he was awarded the 2014 Millennium Technology Prize.
Life.
A native of Watford, England, Parkin received his B.A. (1977) and was elected a Research Fellow (1979) at Trinity College, Cambridge, England, and was awarded his Ph.D. (1980) at the Cavendish Laboratory, also in Cambridge. He joined IBM in 1982 as a World Trade Post-doctoral Fellow, becoming a permanent member of the staff the following year. In 1999 he was named an IBM Fellow, IBM's highest technical honor.
In 2007 Parkin was named a Distinguished Visiting Professor at the National University of Singapore, a Visiting Chair Professor at the National Taiwan University, and an Honorary Visiting Professor at University College London, The United Kingdom. In 2008, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. The Materials Research Network Dresden granted him the Dresden Barkhausen Award in 2009. Parkin has been awarded honorary doctorates by the University of Aachen, Germany and the Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands.
Work.
Building on the work of Fert and Grunberg who identified giant magnetoresistance in oscillatory interlayer coupling in magnetic multilayers, Parkin discovered the same effect in sputter deposited magnetic metallic heterostructures in 1989 - the spin valve - which led to IBM's development of the spin-valve read head, which enabled a more than 1000-fold increase in magnetic hard disk drive data density. 
Parkin also proposed using magnetic tunneling junction storage elements to create a high performance magnetic random access memory in 1995. MRAM promises unique attributes of high speed, high density and non-volatility. The development by Parkin in 2001 of giant tunneling magnetoresistance in magnetic tunnel junctions using highly textured MgO tunnel barriers has made MRAM even more promising. IBM developed the first MRAM prototype in 1999 and is currently developing a 16 Mbit chip. 
Most recently, Parkin has proposed and is working on a novel storage class memory device, The Magnetic Racetrack memory, which could replace both hard disk drives and many forms of conventional solid state memory. His research interests also include spin transistors and spin-logic devices that may enable a new generation of low-power electronics. 
Parkin's research interests include organic superconductors, high-temperature superconductors, and, most recently, magnetic thin film structures and spintronic materials and devices for advanced sensor, memory, and logic applications. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society, the American Physical Society, the Materials Research Society, the Institute of Physics (London), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the Gutenberg Research College (GRC). 
Parkin has authored approximately 400 papers and has around 90 issued patents. He is also the Chief Editor of SPIN, one of World Scientific's newest journals, which publishes articles in spin electronics.
Awards.
Parkin is the recipient of numerous honors, including the Gutenberg Research Award (2008), a Humboldt Research Award (2004), the 1999–2000 American Institute of Physics Prize for Industrial Applications of Physics, the European Physical Society's Europhysics Prize (1997), the American Physical Society's International New Materials Prize (1994), the MRS Outstanding Young Investigator Award (1991) and the Charles Vernon Boys Prize from the Institute of Physics, London (1991). In 2001, he was named "R&D Magazine"’s first "Innovator of the Year" and in October 2007 was awarded the "The Economist"'s “No Boundaries” Award for Innovation.
In April 2014, Parkin was awarded the Millennium Technology Prize for his work on spintronic materials, "leading to a prodigious growth in the capacity to store digital information".

</doc>
<doc id="2877276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877276" title="Frog City">
Frog City

Frog City may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2877280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877280" title="Togetherness (TV series)">
Togetherness (TV series)

Togetherness is an upcoming American television comedy created by brothers Mark Duplass and Jay Duplass. The series will consist of 8 episodes and air on HBO.
Production.
HBO has ordered an 8-episode first season of "Togetherness", which started production in early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2877289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877289" title="Frigidarium">
Frigidarium

A frigidarium is a large cold pool of Roman baths. It would be entered after the Caldarium and the Tepidarium, which were used to open the pores of the skin. The cold water would close the pores. There would be a small pool of cold water or sometimes a large swimming pool (though this, differently from the piscina natatoria, was usually covered). The water could be also kept cold by using snow.
The frigidarium was usually located on the northern side of the baths. The largest examples of frigidarium were both in Rome: that of the Baths of Caracalla, located soon after the entrance, measures 58 x 24 m, and that of the Baths of Diocletian, covered by a cross vault. Some, like one in Pompeii, had a circular plan.

</doc>
<doc id="2877290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877290" title="Randy Meisner">
Randy Meisner

Randy Herman Meisner (born March 8, 1946 in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, U.S.) is an American musician and singer-songwriter, best known as a founding member of Poco and the Eagles. Throughout his professional musical career Meisner's main role has been as a bassist and backing high-harmony vocalist as both a group member and session musician. He is best known for the Eagles hit song "Take It to the Limit", which he wrote and sang.
Early life.
Meisner was born in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, the second child and only son of sharecroppers Herman (1911-1985) and Emilie Meisner (1911-2010). He is of Russian and German descent. In May 1963, at 17-years-old Meisner married his high school sweetheart, Jennifer Barton, and the young couple had a son, Dana Scott Meisner in November 1963. The couple had two more children, twins Heather Leigh and Eric Shane Meisner, both born in May 1970, before divorcing in 1981.
Career.
Early career (1961-1968).
Meisner's first public playing experience was with a local band named The Dynamics (later The Drivin' Dynamics) in 1961. By 1965, he had moved to California with a band named The Soul Survivors, later to be renamed The Poor (because, as Don Felder later said, "that is what they became").
Poco (1968-1970).
In 1968, after auditioning alongside the likes of Duane Allman and Timothy B. Schmit, Meisner joined Poco (originally named Pogo) with former Buffalo Springfield members Richie Furay and Jim Messina. Meisner appeared on Poco's first album, "Pickin' Up the Pieces", but was asked to leave the band shortly before the record was released. Meisner's exit was a result of his anger from being excluded (at Furay's insistence) from participation in the final mix playback sessions for the record, as only Messina and Furay were to complete the production. His image was removed from the painting on the album's cover, and replaced with the dog seen at the far left. His bass parts and backing vocals were left in the final mix, but his lead vocals were removed, and new versions were sung by George Grantham.
In 1969, Meisner joined Ricky Nelson's Stone Canyon Band, and persuaded Nelson and producer John Boylan to hire his former band mates from The Poor, Allen Kemp (guitar) and Pat Shanahan (drums); pedal steel guitarist Tom Brumley completed the group. Meisner appears on both "In Concert at the Troubadour, 1969" and "Rudy The Fifth". Although he did not perform on Nelson's "Garden Party", he did co-author one of the album's tracks. Meisner continued to support himself as a session performer, playing bass on James Taylor's "Sweet Baby James" album, among others.
Meisner then returned to Nebraska to be with his family, working at the local John Deere tractor plant. With Ricky Nelson's encouragement, he returned to Los Angeles to resume his career. By early 1971, he would become active in Linda Ronstadt's repertoire of backing musicians, which included Don Henley, Glenn Frey and Bernie Leadon, who were later founding member of the Eagles.
Eagles (1971-1977).
In September 1971, Meisner, along with Henley, Frey and Leadon, formed the Eagles, signing with David Geffen's new label, Asylum Records, and they released their eponymous debut album in 1972. While he usually manned the bass and handled backing vocals for the Eagles, he also played guitar on "Desperado", "On the Border", and "Hotel California". During his six years with the band, he wrote and/or co-wrote songs on each of the group's first five albums—most notably "Take It to the Limit" on "One of These Nights"—and was featured as lead vocalist on several other songs. He also wrote the hit single "Certain Kind of Fool" with Frey and Henley.
According to band colleague Don Felder, Meisner's time in the band was weighed down by his desire to be with his family, as well as the constant bickering between the members, which was still unknown to the public at the time. During the 1976-77 tour in support of "Hotel California", Meisner was plagued by ill health and exhaustion, as the band toured constantly for over eleven months. By the time the tour reached Knoxville in July, Meisner was suffering from painful stomach ulcers and the flu, and the illness made it hard for him to perform, in particular the high notes he had become famous for singing. He had been arguing with fellow member Glenn Frey about his signature song, "Take It To the Limit", during the tour, as Meisner was struggling to hit the crucial high notes in the song due to his ailments. During the following show, Meisner decided to skip the song due to his flu, but when Frey aggressively demanded that he sing it as an encore the two got into a physical confrontation backstage, and Meisner angrily departed. Despite pleas from Felder and Walsh, Meisner decided to leave the group after the final date of the tour and returned to Nebraska to be with his family. His last performance was in East Troy, Wisconsin on September 3, 1977. The band replaced Meisner with the same musician who had succeeded him in Poco, Timothy B. Schmit, after agreeing that Schmit was the only candidate.
Meisner formally quit the band in September 1977, citing "exhaustion". On his abrupt resignation from the band, Meisner said, "All that stuff and all the arguing amongst the Eagles is over now. Well at least for me."
Post-Eagles (1978-onwards).
Following his departure from the Eagles, Meisner went on to release solo albums in 1978 "Randy Meisner" and 1980 ("One More Song"). He briefly toured with his band, Randy Meisner & the Silverados, and in 1982 released an album on CBS ("Randy Meisner"), recorded with members of Heart. He also resumed his session-playing, supporting James Taylor, Joe Walsh, Dan Fogelberg, Bob Welch, Richie Furay, Richard Marx, Peter Lewis, Danny O'Keefe, Mac Gayden & Electric Range, as well as being part of the one-hit band Black Tie (a cover of Buddy Holly's "Learning the Game") - featuring Meisner alongside Jimmy Griffin (of Bread) and Billy Swan. When Griffin departed and was replaced by Charlie Rich, Jr., the band was renamed "Meisner, Swan & Rich."
He also briefly formed a band and toured with former Firefall singer/songwriter Rick Roberts, called the Roberts-Meisner Band (Roberts had previously been a Burrito Brother with Bernie Leadon, notably on 1971's "The Flying Burrito Brothers"). The Roberts-Meisner Band's drummer was well-known musician Ron Grinel, who also played with Dan Fogelberg, Carole King, and other bands, primarily acts managed by Irving Azoff. Also in the band were Bray Ghiglia on guitar, flute, saxophone, and keyboards, and Cary Park on lead guitar.
Meisner's band reunion activities have included the "Legacy" album with Poco in 1989 and the Eagles' 1998 appearance at the New York induction ceremony for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, where all seven past and present members of the Eagles performed "Take It Easy" and "Hotel California". In recent years he has performed as a part of the World Classic Rockers touring group.
In early 2013, Meisner suffered a health scare after losing consciousness in his Nebraska home. A piece of food obstructed his breathing while he was eating, and he was rushed to the hospital. Though his doctors were optimistic about his recovery, in his weakened state, Meisner was unable to accept the invitation to join the Eagles' 2013 reunion tour alongside former bandmate and fellow ex-Eagle, Bernie Leadon.
Imposter.
In 1988, a man named Lewis Peter "Buddy" Morgan started impersonating Meisner. He had previously been charged with impersonating Don Henley in Las Vegas, but skipped on his bail. Morgan's identity was not conclusively revealed until 1997. In 1998, he was arrested and spent 16 months in jail, but upon his release continued his charade and was still doing so as of 2009. In Reno, Nevada, he tried to use Meisner's identity to rent hotel rooms. He was not as successful as before with the ruse, since area hotels had notified each other of the impostor. Some people are not familiar with Meisner's appearance, and Morgan used that fact to con musical instrument manufacturers and retailers, casino owners, and women.

</doc>
<doc id="2877297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877297" title="No Mystery">
No Mystery

No Mystery (1975) is the fifth studio album by jazz-rock fusion band Return to Forever.
Production.
All members of the group contributed compositions to this album. Side A contains heavily funk-influenced material composed by each member of the group, whereas Side B is filled by Chick Corea compositions. Chick Corea won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Jazz Performance, Individual or Group Grammy Award in 1975 for this album. "Flight of the Newborn" is Di Meola's first recorded composition. Di Meola's solos are an early example of shredding.
Stanley Clarke would later re-record "Dayride" with background vocals for his solo album "Modern Man" released in 1978.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="2877300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877300" title="Floruit">
Floruit

Floruit ( or ), abbreviated fl. (or occasionally, flor.), is a Latin verb meaning "flourished", denoting the period of time during which something (such as a person, school, movement, or species) was active. In English, the word may also be used as a noun indicating the time when someone "flourished".
Broadly, the term is employed in reference to the peak of activity for a person, movement, or such. More specifically, it often is used in genealogy and historical writing when a person's birth or death dates are unknown, but some other evidence exists that indicates when he or she was alive. For example, if there are wills attested by John Jones in 1204, 1207, and 1229, and a record of his marriage in 1197, a record concerning him might be written as, "John Jones (fl. 1197–1229)".
The term is often used in art history when dating the career of an artist. In this context, it specifically denotes the period of the individual's artistic activity, not just the known existence of the artist, which might differ significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="2877305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877305" title="Gavin Ewing">
Gavin Ewing

Gavin Mackie Ewing (born 21 January 1981 in Enkeldoorn) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and bowls a right-arm offbreak. As a teenager he spent a short time at Potchefstroom Boys High in South Africa before returning to Zimbabwe.
He plays for Zimbabwe and Matabeleland. His current Test high batting score is 71, with an average of 18. He was initially called up for the 2003-04 tour in Australia, having previously played in the 1999 Under-19 World Cup and finished in the list of the top ten wicket players. He is a confident and aggressive middle-order batsman, and amongst the list of fifteen cricketers who had a coming together with the country's Cricket Union in 2004. He returned to the side in November of that year. In 2009, he spent a season playing cricket in Devon for Paignton CC, having a reasonable season before returning to Zimbabwe

</doc>
<doc id="2877308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877308" title="Brodmann area 32">
Brodmann area 32

The Brodmann area 32, also known in the human brain as the dorsal anterior cingulate area 32, refers to a subdivision of the cytoarchitecturally defined cingulate region of cerebral cortex. In the human it forms an outer arc around the anterior cingulate gyrus. The cingulate sulcus defines approximately its inner boundary and the superior rostral sulcus (H) its ventral boundary; rostrally it extends almost to the margin of the frontal lobe. Cytoarchitecturally it is bounded internally by the ventral anterior cingulate area 24, externally by medial margins of the agranular frontal area 6, intermediate frontal area 8, granular frontal area 9, frontopolar area 10, and prefrontal area 11-1909. (Brodmann19-09). 
Dorsal region of anterior cingulate gyrus is associated with rational thought processes, most notably active during the Stroop task.
Guenon.
In the guenon Brodmann area 32 is a subdivision of the cytoarchitecturally defined cingulate region of cerebral cortex. This area was named 25 in Brodmann-1905 and labeled 25 in a figure contributed by Brodmann in Mauss-1908. In Brodmann-1909, however, the area was labeled 32 and the name "area 25" was attached to the area that has since been the accepted area 25 of Brodmann-1909 (Vogt-87). Distinguishing features according to Brodmann-1905: in contrast with area 6 of Brodmann-1909 the cortex of area 32 is relatively thick; the transition from cortex to white matter is more gradual; the distribution of cells is less dense; and there is no distinct boundary between the inner pyramidal layer (V) and the multiform layer (VI); it is similar to area 6 in the general absence of distinct layers, particularly of an internal granular layer (IV), but differs in that cells are smaller and there is an increased density of medium sized pyramidal cells at the level of layer IV; this population of cells makes area 32 similar to the neighboring area 24 of Brodmann-1909; it differs from area 24 by its greater overall thickness and a particularly thick layer VI that merges gradually with the subcortical white matter. Brodmann-1909 regarded area 32 as topologically, but not cytoarchitecturally, homologous to the human dorsal anterior cingulate area 32; area 25 of Walker-1940 is topologically homologous to area 32.

</doc>
<doc id="2877310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877310" title="Hypsas">
Hypsas

Hypsas (Ὕψας) is the classical name of two rivers in Sicily:

</doc>
<doc id="2877341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877341" title="Leglock">
Leglock

A leglock is a joint lock that is directed at joints of the leg such as the ankle, knee or hip joint. A leglock which is directed at joints in the foot is sometimes referred to as a foot lock and a lock at the hip as a hip lock. Leglocks are featured, with various levels of restrictions, in combat sports and martial arts such as Sambo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, catch wrestling, mixed martial arts, Shootwrestling and submission wrestling, but are banned in some sports featuring joint locks such as judo.
As with other jointlocks, leglocks are more effective with full body leverage. Some attack the large joints of the knee or hip and involve utilizing leverage to counteract the larger muscle groups, while others directly attack ligaments in the knee or the smaller joint of the ankle. Leglocks can involve control positions such as the inside leg triangle or leg knot to maintain control while applying the attack or transitioning between two attacks, though they and some other control positions are banned in Brazilian Jiu-jitsu competition. Some other leglock control positions have been adopted into modern BJJ and submission grappling competitions as "guards" such as the snake guard, one-legged X-guard, and 50/50 Guard, where they are used for both leglocks and to reverse into dominant positions from the bottom.
In training or sparring, leglocks are applied in a slow and controlled manner, and are often not hyperextended such as in the case of the comparatively dangerous heel hook. Instead, submission is signalled before the lock is fully applied. In self-defense application, or when applied improperly or with excessive force, leglocks can cause muscle, tendon and ligament damage, even dislocation or bone fractures.
Some examples of the many types of leglocks are found below.
Kneebar.
A kneebar (also known as a straight legbar) is a leglock that can hyperextend the knee. The basic kneebar technique is similar to that of an armbar. The practitioner will trap the opponent's leg in between their legs and secure the leg with their arms so the opponent's kneecap points towards the body. The practitioner then applies pressure with their hips, forcing the opponent's leg to straighten, hyperextending the knee joint. A variation of the kneebar is similarly accomplished, but instead of holding the leg with the hands, the practitioner will trap the opponent's foot behind one armpit. The practitioner will then apply pressure using their upper body as well and their hips, yielding a greater amount of force applied to the knee, therefore rendering the lock much more difficult to escape before tissue or ligament damage occurs.
Ankle lock.
An ankle lock (occasionally referred to as a shin lock) is a leglock that is applied to any of the joints in the ankle, typically by hyperextending the talocrural joint through plantar hyperflexion. Ankle locks are often applied in a manner which simultaneously causes a compression lock to the achilles tendon, and sometimes also to the calf muscle.
Straight ankle lock.
The straight ankle lock (depending on how it is performed also known as an achilles lock or ashi-hishigi in judo) is what is usually thought of as an ankle lock. It is typically performed using the legs to isolate one of the opponent's legs, and placing the opponent's foot in the armpit, while holding the foot with the forearm at the lower part of the opponent's calf, usually at the achilles tendon. By leveraging the hips forward, the foot becomes forcefully plantar flexed, hence creating a potent joint lock on the ankle. The forearm serves as a fulcrum in the leveraging, and may cause severe pressure on the achilles tendon, especially when the bony parts of the forearm are used. Such a straight ankle lock is sometimes referred to as an "achilles lock".
Toe hold.
A toe hold (also known as Ashi Dori Garami in judo) involves using the hands to hyperextend and/or hyperrotate the ankle, typically by grabbing the foot near the toes, and twisting or pushing the foot while controlling the opponent's leg. A common type of toe hold is the figure-four toe hold, where a figure-four hold is used to hold the opponent's foot. This type of toe hold is performed by holding the foot by the toes with one hand, and putting the other hand under the opponent's achilles tendon, and grabbing the wrist. By controlling the opponent's body, and using the hands to plantar flex the foot either straight or slightly sideways, hence putting considerable torque on the ankle. The toe hold can also be applied in a similar position as an ankle lock.
Heel hook.
A heel hook is a leg lock affecting multiple joints, and is applied by transversely twisting the foot either medially or laterally. The torsional force puts severe torque on the ankle, which in turn transfers torque to the knee. 
There are several variations of heel hooks, with the most typical being performed by placing the legs around a leg of an opponent, and holding the opponent's foot in the armpit on the same side. The legs are used to control the movement of the opponent's body while the opponent's foot is twisted by holding the heel with the forearm, and using the whole body to generate a twisting motion, hence creating severe medial torque on the ankle. A similar heel hook can be performed by holding the opponent's foot in the opposite armpit, and twisting it laterally; a move which is referred to as an inverted, reverse or inside heel hook.
The heel hook is generally considered to be a very dangerous leg lock, with a high rate of injury, especially to ligaments in the knee. It was subsequently banned except in advanced competition in many combat sports featuring other leg locks such as Brazilian jiu-jitsu and Sambo. Where it is allowed, holding it for too long is considered a serious infraction. For example, the Ultimate Fighting Championship released welterweight Rousimar Palhares after he failed to release a heel hook on Mike Pierce even after Pierce tapped out.
Calf Crush.
A calf crush, also known as a calf slicer, calf cutter, knee slicer, or knee separator, is a technique wherein one compresses their opponent's leg (heel to butt) while placing one's forearm or shin behind the knee to crush the calf muscle while potentially separating the knee joint. As with biceps slicers, there is a common misconception that this technique causes only pain. Calf locks can cause very serious injuries to the knee as well as damaging the calf muscle, and caution should be a priority when finishing the lock.

</doc>
<doc id="2877353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877353" title="George Gliddon">
George Gliddon

George Robins Gliddon (1809–1857) was an English-born American Egyptologist. He was born in Devonshire, England. His father, a merchant, was United States consul at Alexandria where Gliddon was taken at an early age.
Biography.
Gliddon became United States vice-consul and took a great interest in Egyptian antiquities. Subsequently he lectured in the United States and succeeded in attracting attention to the subject of Egyptology. His chief work was "Ancient Egypt" (1850, ed. 1853). He wrote also "Memoir on the Cotton of Egypt" (1841); "Appeal to the Antiquaries of Europe on the Destruction of the Monuments of Egypt" (1841); "Discourses on Egyptian Archaeology" (1841); "Types of Mankind" (1854), in conjunction with J. C. Nott; and "Indigenous Races of the Earth" (1857), also in conjunction with Nott and others.
Gliddon was influenced by Samuel George Morton's craniometry and polygenist theory of human origins. Morton collected hundreds of human skulls from around the world and tried to classify them. Morton claimed that he could judge the intellectual capacity of a race by the cranial capacity (the measure of the volume of the interior of the skull). In Morton's theory, a large skull meant a large brain and high intellectual capacity, and a small skull indicated a small brain and decreased intellectual capacity. By studying these skulls he claimed that the evidence supported polygenism, that each race had a separate origin. Morton had many skulls from Ancient Egypt, and concluded that the ancient Egyptians were not African, but were instead Caucasians.
Morton's followers, particularly Gliddon and Josiah Nott in their monumental tribute to Morton's work, "Types of Mankind" (1854), carried Morton's ideas further and backed up Morton's findings which supported the notion of polygenism, which contends that humanity originates from different lineages and is the ancestor of the multiregional hypothesis.
Gliddon collaborated with Morton on several published works; they shared many views on human races. Morton had sent Gliddon over 100 Egyptian crania specimens. Gliddon was a popular lecturer and researcher on Egyptology and from his studies of ancient Egyptian monuments and hieroglyphics, he concluded that the Egyptians had been white, and that even in the ancient world there had been distinctly different races. He posited that Whites and Negroes had never changed their racial appearance and features.He believed that neither environment or climate could change a race into another. He rejected Monogenesis, and claimed that the Bible supported Polygenisis. Gliddon believed the differences of the races had been impressed upon them by the Creator himself since the beginning.
George Robins Gliddon died on November 16, 1857 in Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="2877357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877357" title="Aquila (genus)">
Aquila (genus)

Aquila is the genus of true eagles. It is often united with the buteos, sea eagles and other more heavyset Accipitridae, but more recently it appears as if they are less distinct from the more slender accipitrine hawks than believed. Eagles are not a natural group but denote essentially any bird of prey large enough to hunt sizeable (about 50 cm long or more overall) vertebrate prey.
Species.
"Aquila" belongs to an extremely close-knit group of "typical" eagles. These include genera like "Hieraaetus", "Lophaetus", "Ictinaetus" and the extinct "Harpagornis", and all these appear to be paraphyletic with regards to the traditional "Aquila". Especially some, if not all, species of "Hieraaetus", separated primarily due to their smaller size, seem to belong here. The entire "typical eagle" group is in need of a thorough revision, and thus this species list cannot be more than a tentative one at present.
Most problematic is certainly "Hieraeetus", the hawk-eagles. It is known that the type species, the Booted Eagle, is very close to some "Aquila" eagles. Other hawk-eagles might indeed be distinct enough to warrant generic separation, but the name "Hieraaetus" is not available for them, being a junior synonym of "Aquila" as the Booted Eagle is included herein.
Fossil record.
Numerous fossil taxa of eagles have been described. Many have been moved to other genera, but several appear correctly assigned to this genus:
It is not clear whether ""Hieraaetus" edwardsi" (Middle -? Late Miocene of SW Europe) belongs into "Aquila" or the hawk-eagles (if the latter are indeed distinct). Its initial name, ""Aquila" minuta" Milne-Edwards, 1871, is preoccupied by a junior synonym of the Booted Eagle, "Aquila minuta" Brehm, 1831.
Not placed in "Aquila" anymore are:
""Aquila" danana" (Snake Creek Late Miocene/Early Pliocene of Loup Fork, USA), occasionally placed in "Geranoaetus" or "Buteo", was a bird of prey of unclear relationships.
For paleosubspecies of living "Aquila", see the species accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="2877358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877358" title="Flag of the British Antarctic Territory">
Flag of the British Antarctic Territory

The flag of the British Antarctic Territory was granted in 1963, a year after the British Antarctic Territory was created. Previously the Territory was a part of the Falkland Islands Dependencies and used the same flag.
The flag is a white ensign with the Union Flag in the canton, defaced with the coat of arms of the British Antarctic Territory. The flag flies over the British research stations in the Territory. Vessels of the British Antarctic Survey use a blue ensign defaced with the shield from the coat of arms. A flag is available for the Commissioner of the British Antarctic Territory, a Union Flag defaced with the coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="2877361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877361" title="Southside (Richmond, Virginia)">
Southside (Richmond, Virginia)

The Southside of Richmond is an area of the Metropolitan Statistical Area surrounding Richmond, Virginia. It generally includes all portions of the City of Richmond which lie south of the James River, and includes all of the former city of Manchester. In some contexts, the term "Southside of Richmond" may also include some northern areas of adjacent Chesterfield County, Virginia in the Richmond-Petersburg region.
Since there is no one municipal organization that represents this specific region, the boundaries are loosely defined as being south of the James River and west of Interstate 95 (formerly Richmond-Petersburg Turnpike) with a southern border extending approximately to Chester, Virginia. Some portions of the Southside of Richmond closest to the downtown area north of the river are also considered part of Downtown Richmond.
Cultural.
As of August 2008, the Southside of Richmond has its own community news blog. The address is http://www.southsiderichmond.org

</doc>
<doc id="2877363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877363" title="Ørnulf Bast">
Ørnulf Bast

Ørnulf Bast (25 January 1907 - 28 October 1974) was a Norwegian sculptor and painter particularly known for his public monuments.
Background.
Ørnulf Bjarne Bast was born in Oslo. His parents were Halsten Andersen Bast Birklund (1870–1952) and Ida Mathilde Kristensen (1870–1960). Bast studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts ("Statens kunstakademi") from 1927-30. He made several study trips, first to France from 1928 to 1929 and later to Britain, Germany, Greece, Italy, Spain and North Africa, including Egypt, 1930 and 1932, and a new journey to Paris 1937.
Career.
He completed a wide range of public memorials and decorations in a quiet style, characterized by a French-dominated class flight of sculptural tradition. Of note are "Borregaard-monumentet " in Sarpsborg (1937), "St. Hallvards brønn" in Bragernes square in Drammen (1940–1952), "Tvillingsøstrene" (1947–1949) in Copenhagen, "Evig liv" (1948–1949) at Sehesteds plass in Oslo and "Ung kvinne" (1946–47) at St. Hanshaugen Park in Oslo, and "Kongens Nei" (1949–50) in Elverum.
Among his works were the identical bronze statues titles "The Norwegian Lady" dedicated in 1962, which were placed in Moss, Norway and Virginia Beach, Virginia facing each other across the ocean. The statues were modeled after the figurehead of the Norwegian bark "Dictator", home ported in Moss, which foundered and sank in the Graveyard of the Atlantic off the coast of Virginia Beach on 27–28 March 1891. Despite substantial lifesaving efforts from shore, seven persons died, including the captain's pregnant wife and four year-old son. The new statues re-established old ties between the two communities, and in 1974, they became sister cities. Annual events are held at the Bast statues.
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Bast and his wife supplied a cover-up apartment for the Norwegian resistance movement, specifically for the Staff of the sabotage squad Aks 13000, for some time. From 1947 until his death in 1974, Bast had a permanent residence in the summer at Fuglevik ved Rakke in Brunlanes, south of Larvik, where he also had his studio. Ørnulf Bast was awarded the King's Medal of Merit ("Kongens fortjenstmedalje") in gold.

</doc>
<doc id="2877372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877372" title="Tremont Street Subway">
Tremont Street Subway

The Tremont Street Subway in Boston's subway is the oldest subway tunnel in North America, opened on September 1, 1897. It was originally built to get streetcar lines off the traffic-clogged streets, instead of as a true rapid transit line. It now forms the central part of the Green Line, connecting Boylston Street to Park Street and Government Center stations.
The tunnel originally served four closely spaced stations, at Boylston Street, Park Street, Scollay Square, and Adams Square. The latter two stations were substantially altered when Government Center and a new Boston City Hall replaced Scollay Square and Adams Square in 1963. A new Government Center station opened, Adams Square station was closed, and Scollay Square station was completely absorbed into the new station. The northbound tunnel to Haymarket station was rerouted; the southbound tunnel is still original.
Disused southern tunnel branch.
The subway in 1897 consisted of a main line under Tremont Street that terminated at Park Street, and two forks to the south. One fork has remained the extant part of the line, which veered westward along Boylston Street, toward Back Bay. The other fork continued south under Tremont Street to the Pleasant Street Incline (depicted in the photo at the right). This portal was used by streetcars that went southwest to Egleston via the South End, along Tremont Street (route 43), or southeast to City Point in South Boston via Broadway (route 9). Streetcar service through the southern portal ended in 1961; for the last several months, service consisted of a shuttle between the top of the portal and Boylston station. The tunnel still exists, dead-ended at the now-buried portal, which has been converted to a public park.
Portals.
The three original tunnel entrances were in the Boston Public Garden, at North Station/Canal Street, and at Pleasant Street. Over time, these portals were replaced and abandoned as the subway was extended. Vestiges of various closed portals are still visible inside the tunnel extending west of Boylston station towards Kenmore Square station.
The western Public Garden portal was replaced in 1914 with two portals, one in the middle of Boylston Street adjacent to the old portal, and the other at the west end of the Boylston Street Subway, just east of Kenmore Square. The Boylston Street portal was sealed in 1941 when the Huntington Avenue Subway was opened (with a new portal at Northeastern University). The portal at Kenmore Square was replaced in 1932 when the subway was extended west beyond the Square, to the existing portals on Commonwealth Avenue (the "B" branch) and Beacon Street (the "C" branch), although the top arch of the original portal survives as part of a ventilation shaft. The Fenway portal for the "D" branch was opened in 1959.
The northern portal at Canal Street was replaced in 2004 when the subway was extended beneath North Station to a new portal next to Martha Road. 
The southern portal at Pleasant Street was abandoned in 1962 following the end of streetcar service through the South End. The portal has since been sealed up and covered by Elliot Norton Park, but the dead-ended tunnel to Boylston survives underground.
Power.
The subway uses trolleys powered by electricity from overhead lines, which had been made possible by the invention of the trolley pole in 1880 by Frank J. Sprague. The line has been pantograph-only since the trolley wires were modified in the 1990s.
Landmark status and ownership.
The Tremont Street Subway was designated a National Historic Landmark in recognition for its pioneering role in the development of the subway as a public transit system in the United States. The landmark designation encompasses the still-extant portions of the early tunnel, roughly from Court Street to Charles Street, and includes the original Classical Revival head houses of the Park and Boylston stations which are still in use.
The original owner of the Tremont Street Subway was the private West End Street Railway, later the Boston Elevated Railway. Public ownership began in 1947 with the Metropolitan Transit Authority, now the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="2877375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877375" title="USS Fort Snelling">
USS Fort Snelling

The name USS "Fort Snelling" has been assigned to two dock landing ships of the United States Navy, in honor of Fort Snelling, a fort at the confluence of the Minnesota and Mississippi Rivers, for many years the northernmost military post in the land of the Sioux and Chippewa.

</doc>
<doc id="2877379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877379" title="El Tiempo (Colombia)">
El Tiempo (Colombia)

El Tiempo () is a nationally distributed, broadsheet daily newspaper in Colombia. , it had the highest circulation in Colombia with an average daily weekday circulation of 1,137,483, rising to 1,921,571 for the Sunday edition. After longtime rival "El Espectador" was reduced to a weekly publication following an internal financial crisis in 2001, "El Tiempo" enjoyed monopoly status in Colombian media as the only daily that circulated nationally, as most smaller dailies have limited distribution outside their own regions. However, "El Espectador" returned to the daily format on May 11, 2008. 
From 1913 to 2007 "El Tiempo"'s main shareholders were members of the Santos family. Several also participated in Colombian politics: Eduardo Santos Montejo was President of Colombia from 1938 to 1942, Francisco Santos Calderón served as Vice-President (2002–2010) and Juan Manuel Santos as Defense Minister (2006–2009) during Álvaro Uribe's administration. The last was elected President in 2010. 
In 2007, Spain's Grupo Planeta acquired 55% of the "Casa Editorial El Tiempo" media group, including the newspaper and its associated TV channel Citytv Bogotá.
History.
The newspaper was founded in 1911 by Alfonso Villegas Restrepo. In 1913 it was purchased by his brother-in-law, Eduardo Santos Montejo. From then until 2007, "El Tiempo"'s main shareholders were members of the Santos family, as part of the media conglomerate Casa Editorial El Tiempo. In 2007, the Spanish Grupo Planeta obtained majority ownership of the daily, but in 2012 sold majority ownership to Luis Carlos Sarmiento Angulo who now owns 86% of "El Tiempo".
Between 2001 and 2008, due to El Espectador being published as a weekly newspaper, it is Colombia's only national daily newspaper.
Distribution.
"El Tiempo" is published in six regional editions:
On Sundays there are special sections. For about 3 years it published every Sunday a special section with a weekly selection of articles from "The New York Times", translated into Spanish and using the same pictures. This section was dropped in January 2008 and since August 2008 it has been published by rival newspaper "El Espectador".
"El Tiempo" is part of Grupo de Diarios América (America Newspaper Group), an organization of eleven leading newspapers from eleven Latin American countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2877385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877385" title="Rudaba">
Rudaba

Rūdāba or Roodabeh () is a Persian mythological female figure in Ferdowsi's epic Shahnameh. She is the princess of Kabul, daughter of Mehrab Kaboli, and later she becomes married to Zal, as they become lovers. They had two children, including Rostam, the main hero of the Shahnama.
Etymology.
The word "Roodabeh" consists of two sections. ""Rood"" and ""ab"", ""Rood"" means child and ""ab"" means shining, means "shining child". ( from Dehkhoda Dictionary ). In Dari language of Darbar (Royal Court) which the shahnameh was written Rud means River and Aab means Water. Therefore that her name means "she of the River Water"
Marriage to Zal.
The Shahnama describes Rudaba with these words:
It was this description and Rudaba's physical beauty that initially attracted Zal. Rudaba also consulted her ladies-in-waiting about Zal. Zal came to the walls of Rudaba's palace where Rudaba let down her tresses to Zal as a rope and he immediately climbed from base to summit. Rudaba seated Zal on the roof and they both talked to each other which was unacceptable according to Persian tradition.
Zal, consulted his advisors over Rudaba. They at last advised him to write a full account of the circumstances to his father, Sam. Sam and the Mubeds, knowing that Rudaba's father, chief of Kabul, was Babylonian from the family of Zahhak, did not approve of the marriage. Zal reminded his father of the oath he had made to fulfill all his wishes.
Finally, the ruler referred the question to astrologers, to discover whether the marriage between Zal and Rudaba would be prosperous or not and he was informed that a child of Zal and Rudabeh would be the conqueror of the world. When Zal arrived at the court of Manuchihr, he was received with honour, and having read the letter of Sam, the Shah approved of the marriage.
The marriage took place in Kabul, where Zal and Rudaba first met each other.
Motherhood.
In Persian mythology, Rudabeh's labor of Rostam was prolonged due to the extraordinary size of her baby. Zal was certain that his wife would die in labor. Rudabeh was near death when at last Zal recollected the feather of the Simurgh, and followed the instructions which he had received, by placing it on the sacred fire. The Simurgh appeared and instructed him upon how to perform a caesarean section, thus saving Rudabeh and the child, who later on became one of the greatest Persian heroes.

</doc>
<doc id="2877387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877387" title="Key Largo (board game)">
Key Largo (board game)

Key Largo is a German-style board game designed by Paul Randles with Mike Selinker and Bruno Faidutti. It was published in 2005 by Tilsit Editions and in 2008 by Paizo Publishing. The game takes place in 1899 in the Key Largo area of Florida, where treasure-hunting companies seek gold and artifacts from shipwrecks before the hurricane season. The players hire divers, buy equipment, and search wrecks throughout the game. The game has a simultaneous action sequence which lets players choose locations for their ships to go twice per day, in the course of a ten-day game sequence.
Though not published by the same companies, in many ways it is a thematic sequel to Randles' game "Pirate's Cove".
The cover of the French edition, by artist David Cochard, is a parody of an illustration in the "The Adventures of Tintin" comic "Red Rackham's Treasure". Hurricane Katty is named for Randles' widow, Katty Pepermans. The faces on the money are caricatures of Randles, Faidutti, Selinker, Cochard, and game editor Nicolas Anton.

</doc>
<doc id="2877391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877391" title="While America Sleeps">
While America Sleeps

While America Sleeps is a book by historians Donald Kagan and Frederick Kagan, published September 2000. Their thesis was that the United States at the end of the Cold War resembled the United Kingdom following World War I. They argue for a policy of strengthening U.S. defense and a willingness to use force. Michael Lind has argued that the book contributed to neoconservative thought in U.S. foreign policy.[http://www.thenation.com/doc/20040223/lind]
Title.
Two similarly titled works were published around the time of World War II: "While England Slept" (1938), by future British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, and "Why England Slept" (1940), by future U.S. President John F. Kennedy, at the time a Harvard University undergraduate student.

</doc>
<doc id="2877393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877393" title="784th Tank Battalion (United States)">
784th Tank Battalion (United States)

The 784th Tank Battalion, was a United States Army black (Buffalo Soldiers) segregated combat tank battalion during World War II.
Originally attached to the 5th US Tank Group that was based in Camp Claiborne, Louisiana during World War II. The 5th Tank Group also included the 758th Tank Battalion that saw some action in Italy under the 92nd Division, and the most famous, the 761st Tank Battalion which saw action in Northern Europe and saw extensive action during the Battle of the Bulge. 
These three units were composed of African American personnel with white senior officers and African American junior officers. The 784th went into action late December 1944.
Landing in France Christmas Day 1944, the battalion consisted of six companies. A(Able), B(Baker), C(Charlie), D(Dog), Headquarters and Service. A and B and C Companies had the medium M-4 and M-4A3 Sherman Tanks while D company had the M-3 Stuart Light Tanks.Headquarters Company had a 105 mm assault platoon, a reconnaissance platoon and 81 mm mortar platoon.
On 31 December 1944 the 784th began official combat operations with the 104th Infantry Division. They participated in actions between the towns of Durden and Murken Germany along the Roer River. On 3 February 1945 the 784th was released from duty with the 104th Division to the 35th Infantry Division. 8 February 1945 the 784th joined the 35th Division in a major offensive.
26 February 1945, Able Company of the 784th assisted elements of the 134th Infantry Regiment (35th Div) in capturing the town of Hilfarth across the Roer River. The next day they captured the town of Wassenburg. Baker Company along with the 137th Regiment(35th Div) took Goldrath.

</doc>
<doc id="2877420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877420" title="Moody Currier">
Moody Currier

Moody Currier (April 22, 1806 – August 23, 1898) was a lawyer, banker, generous patron of the arts, and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire.
Currier was born in Boscawen, New Hampshire, USA.
Currier married three times first to Lucretia C. Dustin then to Mary W. Kidder, and thirdly to Hannah A. Slade
Currier was the owner and editor of the "Manchester Democrat" newspaper.
In 1856 to 1857 Currier served in the New Hampshire State Senate serving as President of the Senate in 1857. From 1860 to 1861 Currier was on the Governor’s Council. Currier served as a fellow at Bates College from 1882 to 1889. He was Governor of New Hampshire from 1885 to 1887.
Manchester’s Currier Museum of Art is named after him and was founded based on a bequest in his will and the accompanying efforts of his third wife, Hannah Slade Currier.
Currier died in Manchester in 1898 and is buried in Valley Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2877437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877437" title="Maura Clarke">
Maura Clarke

Sister Maura Clarke, M.M., was an American Roman Catholic Maryknoll Sister, who served as a missionary in Nicaragua and El Salvador. She worked with the poor and refugees in Central America from 1959 until her murder in 1980. She was beaten, raped, and murdered, along with fellow missionaries Jean Donovan and Sisters Ita Ford, M.M., and Dorothy Kazel, O.S.U., in El Salvador, by members of a military death squad of the military-led right-wing government fighting the leftist Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front at the time of the Salvadoran Civil War.
Murder.
In their deaths, Sister Maura Clarke and the three other Catholic missionaries joined the ranks of more than 75,000 people who were killed in that nation's civil war.
On the afternoon of December 2, 1980, Jean Donovan and Sister Dorothy Kazel, an Ursuline nun, picked up two Maryknoll Missionary Sisters from the airport. They were arriving from Managua, Nicaragua after attendance at a Maryknoll conference. The women were under surveillance by a Salvadoran national guardsman (La Guardia Nacionál) at the time, who phoned his commander for orders.
Acting on orders from their commander, five national guardsmen changed into plain clothes and continued to stake out the airport. Donovan and Kazel returned to pick up a second pair of Maryknoll Sisters: Maura Clarke and Ita Ford, who were returning from the same conference, on a flight not due until 9:11 pm.
The five National Guardsmen, now out of uniform, stopped the women's vehicle after they left the airport in San Salvador. Clarke and the three other women were taken to a relatively isolated spot, where the soldiers beat, raped, and murdered them.
At about 2200, three hours after Donovan and Kazel had picked up Clarke and Ford, local peasants saw the sisters' white van drive to an isolated spot and then heard machine-gun fire followed by single shots. They saw five men flee the scene in the white van, with the lights on and the radio blaring. The van would be found later that night, set afire at the side of the airport road.
Early the next morning (3 December 1980) the bodies of the four women were found by local residents, who were told by local authorities (a judge, three members of the civil guard, and two commanders) to bury the women in a common grave in a nearby field. Four of the local men did so, but informed their parish priest, Fr. Paul Schindler, and the news reached the local Catholic bishop and the U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador, Robert White, the same day.
The shallow grave was exhumed the next day (4 December 1980) in front of fifteen reporters, Sisters Alexander and Dorsey, several missioners, and Ambassador White. Jean Donovan's body was the first removed; then Dorothy Kazel's; then Maura Clarke's; and last, Ita Ford. The next day, a Mass of the Resurrection was said by Bishop Arturo Rivera y Damas; and on Saturday, December 6, the bodies of Donovan and Kazel were flown to the United States for burial. In keeping with the tradition of the Maryknoll Missionaries, the bodies of the Maryknoll Sisters, Clarke and Ford, were buried locally, in Chalatenango, El Salvador.
Subsequent history.
As news of the murders was made public in the United States, public outrage forced the U.S. government to pressure the Salvadoran regime to investigate. The earliest investigations were condemned as whitewash attempts by the later ones, and in time, a Truth Commission was appointed by the United Nations to investigate who had given the orders, who had known about the crime, and who had covered it up. Several lower-level National Guardsman were convicted, and two National Guard generals were sued by the women's families in the federal civil courts of the United States for their command responsibility in the incident. After the murders of the churchwomen, U.S. President Jimmy Carter suspended all aid to El Salvador, but domestic U.S. right-wing political pressure forced him to reinstate it.
Unlike President Carter, succeeding U.S. President Ronald Reagan favored the Salvadoran military regime; he authorized increased military aid and sent more U.S. "military advisers" to the country to aid the government in quelling the civil/guerrilla war. In "El Salvador's Decade of Terror: Human Rights Since the Assassination of Archbishop Romero", Human Rights Watch reports:
According to the Maryknoll Society:
The head of the National Guard, whose troops were responsible for the murders, General Carlos Eugenio Vides Casanova, went on to become Salvadoran Minister of Defense in the government of José Napoleón Duarte. After their emigration to the U.S. state of Florida, Vides Casanova and his fellow general, José Guillermo García, were sued by the families of the four women in federal civil court. The case is styled "Ford v. Garcia". The defense won the case.

</doc>
<doc id="2877466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877466" title="Helsinki Sessions">
Helsinki Sessions

Helsinki Sessions is a hard bop album by the Finnish jazz group U-Street All Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2877473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877473" title="Vallenato Legend Festival">
Vallenato Legend Festival

The Vallenato Legend Festival () is one of the most important musical festivals in Colombia. The Festival features a vallenato music contests for best interpreter of accordion, caja vallenata and guacharaca, as well as piqueria (battle of lyrics) and best song. It’s celebrated every year in April in the city of Valledupar, Department of Cesar.
Origins.
Its origin dates back to 1968 when the celebrated vallenato composer Rafael Escalona, the then governor of the state of Cesar and former president of the republic of Colombia, Alfonso López Michelsen, and the writer, journalist and former Minister of Culture Consuelo Araújo, came up with the idea of organizing a festival that celebrated "vallenato", a musical genre that’s autochthonous to Colombia’s northern atlantic coast and also celebrate a religious festivity of "The Virgin of the Rosario".
Since 1986, the organization of this festival rests in the hands of the "Fundación Festival de la Leyenda Vallenata" (Vallenato Legend Festival Foundation) a non-profit private entity in charge of the promotion, publicity and defense of "vallenato" music as one of the immaterial cultural legacies of Colombia.
The Legend: The legend says that during the Spanish colonial period, two amerindian tribes from the Tairona culture; the Tupes and the Chimilas, along with other members of other tribes, rebelled against the Spanish colonizers after one indigenous woman named Francisca who worked as a maid for a Spanish family was severely punished by her jealous master, who cut her hair and whipped her publicly. One of her fellow Indian tribesmen also working for the Spaniards, escaped and told his tribe's cacique about this offensive insult. The angry Indians organized an attack, destroying most of the town and killing many people. When trying to destroy the temple, the "Virgin of the Rosario" appeared and with her cape blocked their arrows preventing them from destroying it. The natives, scared, escaped to the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta, and knowing that the Spaniards would follow them and would be in need of drinking water, they poisoned the "Sicarare lake". This resulted in the death of all the Spaniards involved. The Virgin reappeared and began touching their bodies with her wand and reviving them. The surprised Indians finally surrendered.
The Contests.
The most important event during the celebration of this festival is the "vallenato" musical contest. The winners are chosen by a "vallenato" experienced jury that evaluate the contestants’ prowess in the four main rhythms which are "paseo, son, puya" and "merengue". There are several categories in which the contestants may participate including: "professional accordion player", "amateur accordion player", "young accordion player", "best new "vallenato" song", and "piquerías" (in which each competitor's goal is to 'diss' their opponent through clever lyrics).
Besides the annual winners, there is also a special award given to renowned "vallenato" composers and performers, a statuette known as "La Pilonera Mayor", which is given in recognition of the recipient’s dedication to "vallenato" music. "La Pilonera Mayor" is the highest honor given to a "vallenato" musician in Colombia and only six composers have received it until now. This award is given in honoris memoriam of disappeared Consuelo Araújo.
King of Kings.
The "Rey de Reyes" festival editions occur every 10 years, since 1987 and only previous winners can participate. The first winner was Colacho Mendoza, followed by Gonzalo "Cocha" Molina, the third King of Kings Hugo Carlos Granados won on May 1, 2007.
Winners.
La Pilonera Mayor Award:
Emiliano Zuleta Baquero, Rafael Escalona, Leandro Díaz, Calixto Ochoa, Adolfo Pacheco and Tobías Enrique Pumarejo.
Dances and other events.
Piloneras Parade: This traditional dance was recovered from extinction in 1994 thanks to the Vallenato Legend Festival Foundation effort, and was added to the festival's programming as the opening show. This dance is traditional of the magdalena river reveres. Traditionally Dancers paraded on the streets using a giant wooden mortar and pestle, (usually used to squash corn and produce corn flour), the men and women danced around the 'corn smashing' in a courteous and flirting way, dancing in front of friend's houses to receive liquor in exchange. But the festival kept the dance and turn it into a competition among groups of Piloneros and whoever exposes the best show becomes the winner. There are three categories; Infants, youth and adults.
Other events: 

</doc>
<doc id="2877478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877478" title="Standard of living in Japan">
Standard of living in Japan

In the postwar decades, the standard of living in Japan has undergone a dramatic rise. Japanese consumers have benefited from the nation's economic growth, while in turn they have stimulated the economy through demand for sophisticated products, loyalty to domestically produced goods, and saving and pooling investment funds. But personal disposable income has not risen as fast as the economy as a whole in many years—at 1 percentage point less than average GNP growth in the late 1980s.
Overview.
The postwar years in Japan witnessed a steady rise in the average Japanese standard of living, together with a narrowing of differentials between blue-collar and white-collar workers. The wage gap between the two groups was considerably reduced, bonuses were established and raised for blue-collar workers, welfare facilities were made available to all employees, and the permanent employment guarantee was made available to regular blue-collar workers.
Three signs of affluence in the post-war period were the “three sacred treasures”, a television, a fridge, and a washing machine, and by 1964, 90% of households possessed all “three sacred treasures”. Most families had sought to equip themselves with these luxury items, and in the years that followed, consumer demand increased significantly. From 1951 to 1967, for instance, the percentage of paid radio subscriber households rose from 58.6% to 93.4%, while from 1952 to 1970, the percentage of paid television subscriber households rose from 0.01% in 1951 to 94.% in 1970. By 1970, 98% of all employee households owned a washing machine, 95% a gas or electric refrigerator, 80% a vacuum cleaner, 77% a camera, and 67% to 70% a television set.
Collectively, trade unions (which engaged each year in a “spring offensive” to settle wages and bonuses) helped the bulk of the Japanese population to a share in the affluence brought by the expansion of national production. Real wages in manufacturing were nearly 50% higher in 1960 than they had been in 1934-36 (which was taken to be the prewar norm). In the next ten years they grew by another 80%, while those in commerce grew only a little more slowly. From 1955 to 1980, the amount of the average household budget spent on food fell from 44.5% to 27.8%, while the proportion spent on medical care, rent, and clothing also dropped, leaving more money for non-essentials such as extra education, consumer durables, and leisure.
According to William G. Beasley, Japanese living standards were in many ways “undoubtedly impressive by the 1980s: high real wages, low unemployment rates, excellent health care, above average consumption of goods and services”. Nevertheless, a 1986 white paper found that in matters affecting the quality of life, Japan still lagged behind America and Europe. Nearly 75% of all power lines in Tokyo were still above ground, while only just over one-third of homes were connected to sewers. In 1985, only 36% of Japanese households had access to sewage facilities, compared with 65% in France (1975) and 97% in the United Kingdom (1976). Per capita park space in central Tokyo was only 2.2 square metres, compared with between 30 and 50 square metres in Washington, London, and Bonn. The ratio of roads to total area was also low in central Tokyo at 14%, compared with 17% in London and 20% in Paris.
Despite the hard work and sacrifice that have made Japan one of the wealthiest nations in the world, many Japanese felt they are "a rich nation, but a poor people". Such a negative view of the economy is prompted by the fact that the average consumer had to pay for goods and services that are much cheaper elsewhere. In spite of these negative perceptions, however, average living standards improved sharply in the 1970s and 1980s, and real household expenditures did rise during Japan's economic growth. The new national wealth created by the post-war economic boom was also evenly distributed amongst the Japanese people, which left almost no one in an economic lower class. In addition, the level of unemployment remained low. The living standards of most working-class Japanese also rose considerably during the postwar era, with real wages more than doubling from 1965 to 1975. In the seventies, average living standards in Japan rose to be as high (depending on the measurement) as anyone living in the West. 
By August 1960, 9 out of 10 urban households had a radio, almost half had an electric washing machine and an electric fan, and more than half had a television set. By the late Seventies, however, 99.4% of all households had refrigerators, 98.7% owned washing machines, 97.7% had colour television sets, and 53.4% possessed motor cars. By the early 1980s, most Japanese enjoyed to “to the full the fact that they possessed amenities and advantages befitting a society as advanced as any on Earth.” The annual income of the average Japanese family had increased to $20,000, about 40% of all homes were equipped with microwave ovens or air conditioners, more than 8 out of 10 families had electric sewing machines, 2 out of 3 families owned a passenger car and at least one tape recorder, and more than 99% of all households contained colour television sets and refrigerators. By the mid-1980s, Japanese real wages were estimated to be at least 60% to 80% of real wages in the United States. Some 90% of Japanese came to regard themselves as middle class, and Japanese workers had come to be regarded as amongst the best paid in the world. According to International Labour Organization statistics, Japanese workers in manufacturing in 1984 earned an average of $5.91 per hour. In addition, according to a 1989 study on Japanese society, a comparison based on the (then) current value of the yen revealed that Japanese workers were now earning more per hour than their American counterparts. 
Japan’s high level of economic growth in the postwar period was also accompanied by a rapid redistribution of income, while social policies such as the occupation land reform (together with LDP rural patronage and rice price support) improved the quality of life for farmers, and reduced the numbers of rural Japanese migrating to urban areas. For those who did migrate, however, the employment situation was favorable. As noted by Ikuo Kabashima,
“The rapidly growing Japanese economy produced a high demand for labor, especially among young workers such as the rural migrants. The possibilities for sales outstripped the ability to produce (given the relatively labor-intensive techniques of the time), bringing about a labor shortage. This produced relatively high wages, even for those without a high school education. This provided well-paying jobs for the migrants and helped equalize the distribution of income”.
The share of total family living expenses devoted to food dropped from 35% in 1970 to 27% in 1986, while net household savings, which averaged slightly over 20% in the mid-1970s, averaged between 15 and 20% in the 1980s. Japanese households thus had greater disposable income to pay for improved housing and other consumer items. The increase in disposable income partly explained the economic boom of the 1980s, which was pushed by explosive domestic demand, as well as a sharp rise in the value of the yen after the Plaza Accord.
Japanese income distribution in the 1980s, both before and after taxes, was among the most equitable in the world. An important factor in income distribution is that the lower income group is better off than in most industrialized countries. The economic crisis of the 1990s diluted this picture somewhat, increasing the unemployment rate (to 4.0% in 2006).
The collapse of the Japanese asset price bubble brought a phenomenon called the Lost Decade, with reimporters and discount chains bringing down inflated prices for food and consumer goods, especially electronics. Today Tokyo is still one of the most expensive cities in the world, but the difference in living expenses between Japan and other industrialized nations is nowhere near the level of the 1980s.
Today, the majority of Japanese employees not only enjoy job security and access to a range of occupational benefits, but a very high standard of living as well. In addition, despite having a social security system that is less generous than that which exists in most developed countries, Japan has an egalitarian distribution of income that bears comparison with Scandinavia. As noted by one historian,
“Clearly Japan has developed its own indigenous version of economic and socials security which, arguably, offers social protection comparable to the advanced welfare states of Europe”.
As noted by Kenichi Ohmae in the early Nineties,
“The standard of living has increased steadily over the past forty years; more than 90 percent of the people consider themselves middle class and reasonably happy about their life.”
In summing up Japan’s social and economic achievements, Jeff Kingston has noted that
“Postwar Japan has experienced success in reconstructing a war-ravaged nation, raising living standards, renovating democracy, taming militarism and rejoining the community of nations. This far-reaching rehabilitation of Japan marks an extraordinary achievement and has led to significant advances in the lives of Japan’s citizens. It is stunning that despite this whirlwind of tumultuous and deracinating transformation, Japan has preserved and augmented its social capital and avoided the worst of the scourges that plague other advanced industrialized nations. The relative absence of deep cleavages in society, the highly developed sense of community and success in containing the dislocation and social ills and modernization are a source of considerable strength in Japan. People are better housed, better educated, healthier, live longer and are, by virtually any yardstick, better off than their predecessors and most other people in the world. They have enjoyed political stability, economic security, low crime, good health care, decent schools, adequate housing and an extraordinary level of public politesse. Even during the prolonged adversity of the early 1990s, the social fallout has been limited. Japan has not avoided the usual problems of industrialized societies, but seems to have done a better job in containing, and coping with, these problems.”
Housing.
Japanese homes, though generally newer, are often smaller than those in most other industrialized nations. Even though the percentage of residences with flush toilets jumped from 31.4% in 1973 to 65.8% in 2008, this figure was still far lower than in other industrialized states. In some primarily rural areas of Japan, it was still under 30% at that time. Even 9.7% of homes built between 1986 and 1988 did not have flush toilets. 
The need for heating depends on the geographic location. Northern and central Japan can experience several meters of snow during the winter, while southern Japan hardly experiences freezing temperatures (but can get extremely uncomfortable without air conditioning in the summer).
In the metropolitan areas, houses are built extremely close to each other, with narrow straps of green doubling for a garden, if any. Apartment buildings with ten to twenty floors can be found even in suburbs. While lacking space, these houses offer all other amenities.
The cost of Japanese housing differs a lot between urban and rural areas. The asset price bubble of the 1980s inflated land prices in the metropolitan areas, but have stabilized since the early 1990s at about 50% of the peak. In the cities, housing is still expensive relative to annual income, even though the high cost is somewhat offset by low interest rates. Large companies often offer subsidies to their employees to pay for housing.
Food.
The Westernization of many areas of Japanese life includes consuming a diversity of foods. After World War II, Japanese dietary patterns changed and came to resemble those of the West. Many Japanese still prefer a traditional breakfast of boiled rice, miso soup, and pickled vegetables (tsukemono).
The Japanese diet has improved along with other living standards. Average intake per day was 2,084 calories and 77.9 grams of protein in the late 1980s. Of total protein intake, 26.5% came from cereals (including 18.4% from rice), 9.6% from pulses, 23.1% from fish, 14.8% from livestock products, 11% from eggs and milk, and 15% from other sources. Before World War II, the average annual consumption of rice was 140 kilograms per capita, but it fell to 72 kilograms in 1987. This development further exacerbated the problem of rice oversupply, leading to a huge rice stock and creating great deficits in the government's foodstuff control account. The government inaugurated several policies to switch to non-rice crops, but they met with limited success and rice remained in oversupply (see agriculture, forestry, and fishing in Japan). As a downside, the percentage of the childhood population which are overweight has increased.
A negative aspect of Japan's economic growth is industrial pollution. Until the mid-1970s, both public and private sectors pursued economic growth with such single-mindedness that prosperity was accompanied by severe degradation of both the environment and the quality of life (see environmental protection in Japan).
Savings.
Typically, Japanese consumers have been savers as well as buyers, partly because of habit. However, by 1980, the consumer credit industry began to flourish. Younger families are particularly prone to take on debt. Housing is the largest single item for which consumers contracted loans. In 1989, families annually borrowed an estimated US$17,000 or about 23% of their average savings. Those who wished to buy houses and real estate needed an average US$242,600 (of which they borrowed about US$129,000). 
But many families in the 1980s were giving up the idea of ever buying a house. This led many young Japanese to spend part of their savings on trips abroad, expensive consumer items, and other luxuries. As one young worker put it, "If I can never buy a house, at least I can use my money to enjoy life now". As credit card and finance agency facilities expanded, the use of credit to procure other consumer durables was spreading. By 1989, the number of credit cards issued in Japan reached virtual parity with the population. 
Japanese families still feel that saving for retirement is critical because of the relative inadequacy of official social security and private pension plans. The average family in 1989 had US$76,500 in savings, a figure far less than what is needed to cover the living expenses for retired individuals, although official pensions and retirement allowances did help cover the financial burdens of senior citizens. The annual living expenses for retired individuals in 1989 were estimated at US$22,800. About half of this was from government pensions and the rest from savings and retirement allowances. Senior citizens in their seventies had the largest savings, including deposits, insurance, and negotiable securities worth an estimated US$113,000 per person. In 1989, individuals in their twenties had savings amounting to US$23,800 and salaried workers in their thirties had US$66,000 in savings. 
Consumer products.
The Japanese consumer benefits most from the availability of compact, sophisticated consumer products that are often popular exports. Consumer electronics, clothing, automobiles, and household appliances are high-quality items that Japanese industry provided in quantity. There are 45 million cars in Japan, for a ratio of 350 cars per 1000 people. The Japanese rail system was ranked the world's most advanced in a recent OECD development report.
Ownership of consumer durables by percentage of households.
Source: Economic Planning Agency, Economic Manual, 1986 
Color TVs
1970 26.3%
1975 90.3%
1980 98.2%
1985 99.1%
Stereos
1970 31.2%
1975 52.1%
1980 57.1%
1985 59.9%
VTRs
1980 2.4%
1985 27.8%
Cars
1970 22.1%
1975 41.2%
1980 57.2%
1985 67.4%
Refrigerators
1970 89.1%
1975 96.7%
1980 99.1%
1985 98.4%
Air conditioners
1970 5.9%
1975 17.2%
1980 39.2%
1985 52.3%
Radio cassette players
1970 30.8%
1975 51.6%
1980 61.9%
1985 73.6%
Pianos
1970 6.8%
1975 11.8%
1980 15.8%
1985 18.3%
Comparison.
A Japanese social scientist ranked Japan among a group of ten other industrialized nations, according to a list of variables. Data was from the mid-1970s to the late 1980s and Japan was rated better than average in terms of overall income distribution, per capita disposable income, traffic safety and crime, life expectancy and infant mortality, proportion of owner- occupied homes, work stoppages and labor unrest, worker absenteeism, and air pollution. Japan was below average for wage differentials by gender and firm size, labor's share of total manufacturing income, social security and unemployment benefits, weekly workdays and daily work hours, overall price of land and housing, river pollution, sewage facilities, and recreational park areas in urban centers. Some of these variables, especially pollution and increased leisure time, improved in the 1980s, and, in general, living standards in Japan were comparable to those of the world's wealthiest economies.
Growing inequality.
Over the past two decades or so, inequality in Japan has grown as a result of economic difficulties that Japan has faced since the end of the economic boom of the 1980s. This problem has been characterised by a rise in the percentage of the workforce employed on a temporary or part-time basis, from 19% in 1996 to 34.5% in 2009, together with an increase in the number of Japanese living in poverty. According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the percentage of people in Japan living in relative poverty (defined as an income that is less than 50% of the median) rose from 12% of the total population in the mid-Eighties to 15.3% in 2000. In 2005, it was estimated that 12.2% of children in Japan lived in poverty. From 1985 to 2008, the percentage of non-regular workers (those working on fixed-term contracts without job security, seniority wage increases, or other benefits) rose from 16.4% to 34.1% of the workforce. Various observers have come to describe Japan as a “disparity society”, a socially divided society with stark class differences and inequalities (in a country where around 90% of the population have regarded themselves to be middle-class in various surveys). The rise in income inequality in Japan arguably contributed to the election of the Democratic Party of Japan in 2009, which promised to reduce socio-economic inequalities through policies such as an expanded welfare system. Despite these problems, the average standard of living in Japan remains amongst the highest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="2877479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877479" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 2004">
Rugby Borough Council election, 2004

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 10 June 2004. One third of the council seats were up for election and the council stayed under no overall control. The number of councillors for each party after the election were Conservative 21, Labour 14, Liberal Democrat 10 and Independent 3.

</doc>
<doc id="2877488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877488" title="Pasila">
Pasila

The eastern and western part of Pasila are separated by a large railroad classification yard, which, as Central Pasila, is currently under development planning by the city administration. The major sports and music venue Hartwall Areena is located in the junction of the two main railways.
Eastern Pasila () is a commercially active district with its own Pasila railway station, a Holiday Inn hotel and the Helsinki Fair Centre. It is also home to over 3,500 people. Most of the buildings in Eastern Pasila were built in the 1970s and are made of prefabricated concrete elements. Educational facilities in the area include the Helsinki Business College and Haaga–Helia University of Applied Sciences.
Western Pasila () was built during the 1980s. It is a mainly residential area with approximately 4,500 inhabitants. The apartment buildings in Western Pasila are skinned with red bricks. The Finnish national broadcasting company YLE as well as the commercial MTV3 have their main premises in the northern end of the area.
In the ranking of the best places where to live in Helsinki, Western Pasila is ranked 74th, and Eastern Pasila is ranked 92nd, out of 94 different parts of Helsinki.
Before the Pasila-suburb was built, there were old wooden houses in the whole Pasila area and the area was called Wooden Pasila (). Today only few of the old wooden houses still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="2877504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877504" title="1801 Hollis Street">
1801 Hollis Street

1801 Hollis Street is an office building located in downtown Halifax in the Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada and is home to many prominent businesses. It was built in 1985 and is one of the tallest buildings in Halifax, standing at 87 metres, with 22 floors. It is located near the waterfront, in a major financial district.
The building was originally known as the Central Trust Tower, but was re-branded as "1801" when the trust company closed in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="2877514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877514" title="Harry Chapman (footballer)">
Harry Chapman (footballer)

Henry "Harry" Chapman (born Kiveton Park, near Rotherham, Yorkshire, 1879, died 29 April 1916) was an English footballer, who played for Sheffield Wednesday in the early 20th century. He was a forward, using playing in the inside right position.
He was the brother of Herbert Chapman, the manager of both Huddersfield Town and Arsenal, and Tom Chapman, who played for Grimsby Town. He began his career playing for a local side in Kiveton Park before joining Worksop Town. In 1900 he was given a trial with Sheffield Wednesday and was signed by them, making his debut in 1–1 draw against Blackburn Rovers on a 23 February 1901. Although Herbert went on to become a great manager, Harry was by far the better player, and put in a man of the match performance in the 1907 FA Cup final, which saw Sheffield Wednesday lift the trophy for the second time. He joined Hull City A.F.C. at the end of the 1910–11 season where he spent one season.
After retiring from playing, he had a stint as Hull City manager between April 1913 and September 1914; the club finished seventh in Division Two in 1913–14. He died of tuberculosis at the age of 37, in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="2877515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877515" title="Temperateness (virology)">
Temperateness (virology)

In virology, temperate refers to the ability of some bacteriophages (notably coliphage λ) to display a lysogenic life cycle. Many (but not all) temperate phages can integrate their genomes into their host bacterium's chromosome, together becoming a lysogen as the phage genome becomes a prophage. A temperate phage is also able to undergo a productive, typically lytic life cycle, where the prophage is expressed, replicates the phage genome, and produces phage progeny, which then leave the bacterium. With phage the term virulent is often used as an antonym to temperate, but more strictly a virulent phage is one that has lost its ability to display lysogeny through mutation rather than a phage lineage with no genetic potential to ever display lysogeny (which more properly would be described as an obligately lytic phage).

</doc>
<doc id="2877518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877518" title="Ita Ford">
Ita Ford

Sister Ita Ford, M.M. (April 23, 1940 – December 2, 1980) was an American Roman Catholic Maryknoll Sister who served as a missionary in Bolivia, Chile and El Salvador. She worked with the poor and war refugees. On December 2, 1980, she was tortured, raped, and murdered, along with fellow missionaries Sister Maura Clarke, M.M., laywoman Jean Donovan, and Sister Dorothy Kazel, O.S.U. They were killed in El Salvador by members of a military death squad of the right-wing Salvadoran military-led government.
Life and work.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, on April 23, 1940, Ford was the daughter of William Patrick Ford, an insurance man who took early retirement due to tuberculosis, and Mildred Teresa O'Beirne Ford, a public-school teacher. She had an older brother, Bill (1936–2008), and a younger sister, Irene. The family lived at 1029 57th Street in Brooklyn.
William Patrick Ford was related to Austin B. Ford, whose son, Francis Xavier Ford (1892–1952), was the first seminarian to apply to the newly established Maryknoll Fathers in 1911 and, after being ordained as a missionary in 1917, went to China, where he became a bishop and a martyr. He died in a Communist prison camp there in 1952, when his young "cousin" Ita was twelve.
Though her mother taught in the public school system, Ita Ford was educated in parochial schools, beginning at age five in the Visitation Academy in Bay Ridge, run by the Visitation Sisters, a semi-cloistered order. She attended Fontbonne Hall Academy, a high school operated by the Sisters of St. Joseph, where she worked on the school newspaper. Finally, from 1957 to 1961, she attended Marymount Manhattan College, founded by the Religious of the Sacred Heart of Mary. (Marymount Manhattan split from its mother school, Marymount College, in 1961).
Following in her relative the Bishop's footsteps, Ford had confided in a high school friend at the age of fifteen that she not only wanted to be a nun, she specifically felt called to be a Maryknoll missionary sister. Even before her college graduation in 1966, Ford had a vocational counselor advising her about her fitness for Maryknoll. She entered the Maryknoll Sisters of St. Dominic at the age of twenty-one. Three years later, due to ill health, she had to leave the formation program.
After working seven years as an editor at a publishing company, Ford reapplied and was again accepted by the Maryknoll Sisters in 1971. After serving briefly in Bolivia in 1972, she moved to Chile a short time before the military coup there on September 11, 1973. Ford lived in a poor shantytown with Sister Carla Piette, M.M., in Santiago, where they ministered to the needs of the people, especially those who lived in poverty.
After spending a required "reflection year" in the United States, 1978–1979, before taking permanent religious vows in March 1980, Ford moved with Piette from Chile to El Salvador, arriving the day of Óscar Romero's funeral. In June of that year, they began working with the Emergency Refugee Committee in Chalatenango. In this mission, Ford worked with the poor and war victims, providing food, shelter, transportation and burial.
After the death of Sister Carla in a flash flood on August 23, 1980—a flood which nearly cost Ford her own life, saved only by Piette's help in pushing her from the overwhelmed vehicle—Ford was joined on the mission by Maura Clarke, a Maryknoll sister who was already in El Salvador in contemplation of a mission assignment. Altogether, Piette and Ford had worked together in Chile and El Salvador for seven years, until their deaths barely three months apart on December 2, 1980.
Murder.
In November 1980, Ford and Clarke attended a regional assembly of Maryknoll Sisters in Nicaragua. At the closing liturgy on December 1, 1980, Ford read a passage from one of Archbishop Óscar Romero's final homilies:
The following day, December 2, 1980, Ford and Clarke boarded a plane to return to El Salvador. They were picked up by missionaries Dorothy Kazel, an Ursuline sister and Jean Donovan, a Roman Catholic laywoman. 
On the afternoon of December 2, 1980, Jean Donovan and Sister Dorothy Kazel, an Ursuline nun, picked up two Maryknoll Missionary Sisters from the airport. They were arriving from Managua, Nicaragua after attendance at a Maryknoll conference. The women were under surveillance by a Salvadoran national guardsman (La Guardia Nacionál) at the time, who phoned his commander for orders.
Acting on orders from their commander, five national guardsmen changed into plain clothes and continued to stake out the airport. Donovan and Kazel returned to pick up a second pair of Maryknoll Sisters: Maura Clarke and Ita Ford, who were returning from the same conference, on a flight not due until 9:11 pm.
The five National Guardsmen, now out of uniform, stopped the women's vehicle after they left the airport in San Salvador. Clarke and the three other women were taken to a relatively isolated spot, where the soldiers beat, raped, and murdered them.
At about 2200, three hours after Donovan and Kazel had picked up Clarke and Ford, local peasants saw the sisters' white van drive to an isolated spot and then heard machine-gun fire followed by single shots. They saw five men flee the scene in the white van, with the lights on and the radio blaring. The van would be found later that night, set afire at the side of the airport road.
Early the next morning (3 December 1980) the bodies of the four women were found by local residents, who were told by local authorities (a judge, three members of the civil guard, and two commanders) to bury the women in a common grave in a nearby field. Four of the local men did so, but informed their parish priest, Fr. Paul Schindler, and the news reached the local Catholic bishop and the U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador, Robert White, the same day.
The shallow grave was exhumed the next day (4 December 1980) in front of fifteen reporters, Sisters Alexander and Dorsey, several missioners, and Ambassador White. Jean Donovan's body was the first removed; then Dorothy Kazel's; then Maura Clarke's; and last, Ita Ford. The next day, a Mass of the Resurrection was said by Bishop Arturo Rivera y Damas; and on Saturday, December 6, the bodies of Donovan and Kazel were flown to the United States for burial. In keeping with the tradition of the Maryknoll Missionaries, the bodies of the Maryknoll Sisters, Clarke and Ford, were buried locally, in Chalatenango, El Salvador.
Subsequent history.
According to the Maryknoll Sisters:
Ita Ford's brother, attorney William P. Ford, spent more than 25 years using the U.S. court system to try to obtain justice for his sister and the other three murdered women. He worked closely with Human Rights First (formerly the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights) on federal lawsuits to try to bring Salvadoran generals to answer for the murder of the women, and, in other cases, for the torture and murder of members of the Salvadoran poor.
The head of the National Guard, whose troops were responsible for the murders, Gen. Carlos Eugenio Vides Casanova, went on to become Minister of Defense in the government of José Napoleón Duarte. After their emigration to the American state of Florida, Vides Casanova and his fellow General, José Guillermo Garcia, were the named defendants in a federal civil suit brought by Bill Ford on his sister's behalf. The case is styled "Ford v. Garcia". The defense won the case.

</doc>
<doc id="2877528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877528" title="Tamara Rojo">
Tamara Rojo

Tamara Rojo (born 17 May 1974) is a Spanish ballet dancer. She is the artistic director of the English National Ballet, as well as a lead principal dancer. She was previously a principal dancer with The Royal Ballet, and continues to perform with the company as a guest artist.
Biography.
Rojo was born in Montreal, Canada, to Spanish parents who moved back to Spain when she was four months old.
Rojo started taking local dance classes at the age of 5 in Spain. By the time she reached age 11, Rojo became a full-time student at the Madrid Royal Conservatory, studying under Victor Ullate and Karemia Moreno. Though her parents were thrilled at her talent, they insisted that Rojo also complete an academic education. Therefore, after studio rehearsals every day, Rojo would attend evening classes. When Rojo was 16, she graduated from the Conservatory and had only two more years until her completion of regular school studies.
Rojo began her professional career as a dancer with the Ballet de la Comunidad de Madrid, under the direction of Victor Ullate. In 1994, she became notable after winning the Gold Medal at the Paris International Dance competition and a Special Jury Award given by Natalia Makarova, Vladimir Vassiliev, and Galina Samsova, a judging panel consisting of some of the most outstanding figures of the ballet world.
Career.
Rojo graduated with Honours in Master of Theatrical Arts and Bachelor of Dance from the Universidad Rey Juan Carlos de Madrid.
In 1996, Rojo left Spain upon accepting an invitation by Galina Samsova to join the Scottish National Ballet. While working with the Scottish National Ballet, she performed the principal roles in Swan Lake, The Nutcracker, La Sylphide, and Cranko’ s Romeo and Juliet. Leaving Scottish National Ballet in 1997, she joined the English National Ballet. She started dancing a variety of principal roles such as Swan Lake, Paquita, Coppelia, Glen Tetley’s The Sphinx and Voluntaries, and Michael Corder’s "Cinderella". Amazed by her talents, Artistic Director Derek Deane of the English National Ballet created the roles of Juliet in Romeo and Juliet and Clara in The Nutcracker for Rojo. Rojo was named “Dance Revelation of the Year” in 1997 after her performance as Clara, breaking attendance records at the London Coliseum. Rojo was invited by Sir Anthony Dowell, the Artistic Director of Britain's Royal Ballet, to dance the lead in Giselle as a guest artist with the company.
Royal Ballet.
After receiving praise from both critics and audience, Rojo was officially invited to become a principal dancer of the Royal Ballet in 2000. She has been working with the company extensively ever since. Since Rojo joined The Royal Ballet, she has taken principal roles in Dowell’s Swan Lake, Makarova’s The Sleeping Beauty and La Bayadere, Mason´s The Sleeping Beauty, Nureyev´s Don Quixote and Wright´s The Nutcracker. She has performed many roles in Sir Kenneth MacMillan's works, recreated for her by Deborah MacMillan, including the title roles in Isadora, Romeo and Juliet, Manon, Mary Vetsera in Mayerling, The Woman in Song of the Earth, The Chosen One in Rite of Spring, Masha & Olga in Winter Dreams, Requiem, My Brother My Sisters, and Danses Concertantes. In addition, her repertoire includes Cinderella, Ondine, Marguerite and Armand, Five Brahms Waltzes in the Manner of Isadora Duncan, Homage to the Queen and A Wedding Bouquet. She danced in the world premiere of Snow White created for her by choreographer Richardo Cue.
Major injuries.
In 2000 Rojo approached Royal Ballet director Anthony Dowell, having researched and decided that this company was one she would flourish with. "I'd have taken a corps de ballet contract, anything, but there wasn't one," she told Jann Parry, who was at that time the Observer's dance critic. Later that year, though, a principal contract came up and Rojo was recommended. Then later that year Rojo was asked to replace an injured Darcey Bussell in Giselle. Ignoring her own sprained ankle and the short notice, she learned the role in two weeks and went on to receive rave reviews In 2002, while dancing as Clara in the Nutcracker, Rojo started shaking on stage. After the show, she was sent to a private hospital where they determined that her appendix had burst and she stayed there to heal for 6 weeks. However, two weeks later she was back dancing and she was forced to go to a hospital again. Rojo admitted that it was “completely wrong continue dancing while injured or ill and I do not feel that anyone should do this. It really is not worth it.” In 2003, while preparing for the Royal Ballet’s Australian tour, Rojo was once again plagued with another setback when she suffered an infected bunion that became so bad that her foot swelled to the size of a tennis ball. Doctors determined that Rojo needed to have it drained and to have surgery on her foot – a potentially career-ending operation. Nevertheless she knew that this operation was a necessary step to take if she were ever to walk, let alone dance, again. A mere twenty-four hours after her operation, an Ambassador from Spain called to inform her that she had been honoured with an award and needed to be in Cadiz the next week. The King of Spain presented her with the Royal Gold Medal of Fine Arts, a prestigious honour that few can say they have achieved. Months later, and after countless hours of rehabilitation, she returned to dancing and said that the injury changed her perspective on life, her body, and dance. She felt that she valued each and every day more and learned that nothing in life should be taken for granted.
List of ballets/roles performed.
The following is a list of repertoire of Tamara Rojo's performance in various ballet company.

</doc>
<doc id="2877533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877533" title="Medeo">
Medeo

The Medeu, (Kazakh: Медеу; "Medeu") or Medeo (Russian: Медео) is an outdoor speed skating and bandy rink. It is located in a mountain valley (Medeu Valley, or the valley of Malaya Alma-Atinka River) on the south-eastern outskirts of Almaty, Kazakhstan. Medeu sits 1,691 metres above sea level, making it the highest skating rink in the world. It has 10.5 thousand square meters of ice and utilizes a sophisticated freezing and watering system to ensure the quality of the ice. The mountain valley was named in honor of Medeo, a wanderer who lived in the last century and established own aul in this picturesque. site.
Construction of the stadium began in the fall of 1949, and the first competition took place at the stadium on 4 February 1951. Medeu switched to its current system of artificial ice in 1972 by a team of Soviet engineers.
The Medeu Dam, built in the late 1960s, stands immediately south of the skating rink, protecting it – and the city of Almaty itself – from potentially devastating mud flows. Viewpoints on top of the dam provide great views of the stadium. The dam has 3 successive altitude levels. Special water reservoir allows holding about 6 million cubic meters of water. Stairs known to city inhabitants and tourists consisting of 842 steps leads to the dam. Contests on ascension along this unique stairs are regularly carried out.
Medeu has seen many world records in all the speed skating distances from 1951 until the 1980s: 500 m, 1000 m, 1500 m, 3000 m, 5000 m, and the 10000 m. In 1972, the rink made a very successful transition from natural ice rink to artificial ice rink. 
The bandy team Dynamo Alma-Ata, won the Soviet Championships in 1977 and 1990 and the European Cup in 1978.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, the costs to uphold the arena as a top ice rink proved too expensive for the independent Republic of Kazakhstan. The last great championship event for a long time on this ice rink was held in 1988—the Men's World Speed Skating Championship—which was won by the American skater Eric Flaim. 
In the early years of the 2000s, Medeo's future status as a competition rink was uncertain. However, it was proposed as the speed skating venue both for Almaty's unsuccessful bid for the 2014 Winter Olympic Games and the successful one for the 2011 Asian Winter Games. In the end, bandy was the only sport here during the Games. Speed skating was held at Alau Ice Palace in Astana. Medeo was the main arena of the Bandy World Championship 2012.
Several years in succession (1990–2004) the ice skating rink turned into the large concert ground where the popular international music festival “Voice of Asia” (“Azia Dauysy”) was carried out in which not only Kazakhstan performers but also variety stars from all over the world take part. 
Medeo in the 2011 Winter Asian Games.
On 4 March 2006, Kazakhstan received the right to host the 2011 Asian Games. The Winter Asian Games were the largest scale competition ever to take place in Kazakhstan, and took place from 30 January until 6 February. While a large portion of the events took place in Astana, Almaty hosted a number of the events, including ski jumps, cross-country skiing, and of course, bandy. 
For the purpose of hosting this event, Medeu stadium was renovated during 2009, reopening on 16 December after undergoing 19.4 billion tenge (131.8 million USD) worth of repairs and improvements.
Stadium Medeo and ski resort Shymbulak experienced major reconstruction during the preparations for 2011 Asian Winter Games. Most of the engineering and technical systems were replaced. The new refrigeration station for cooling the ice appeared. Visualization systems has changed (electronic scoreboard and a photo finish), lighting and sound. Established a new multimedia display area of 200 m² by U.S. company Billboard Video, which shows the results of any sport games, broadcasts television programs and commercials. Capacity of spectator stands increased to 8500 seats. Reinforced concrete plates are built in the ice surface in which 170 km cooling pipes are distributed. The system of artificial ice freezing does not have analogs worldwide and allows to maintain the ice surface of the skating rink during 8 months per year. 
In the course of reconstruction of high-mountain skating rink Medeo and ski mountaineering base Shymbulak near Almaty almost all infrastructure was changed implementing world level standards, the manager of project on reconstruction of the complex Slavenko Badura has declared. “During half a year it was done a lot at Medeo and Shymbulak, almost all infrastructure was changed, 20 supports of gondola lift were built at Medeo, we finish upper station at Shymbulak, S. Badura reported at press conference in Almaty. In turn the chief engineer on contract supervision of Doppelmayr company Hans-Peter Zimmerman at the same press conference reported that “active construction of gondola lift” continues for delivery of persons having a rest from Medeo till “Shymbulak”.
Delivery of gondolas is taking place every 14 seconds, – he noted. Traffic capacity make up to 2 thousand persons per hour. Time on way is up to 15 minutes.” 
The bandy tournament at 2011 Asian Winter Games games took place at Medeo from the 2nd to 6 February 2011.
Bandy World Championship 2012.
On the main stage Medeo from 29 January to 5 February 2012 the XXXIInd Bandy World Championship took place. The right to host the WCS was given to Kazakhstan on 28 January 2011 at the regular congress of the Federation of International Bandy, held in Kazan. The organizers of the event had planned that initially 15 teams would participate in the championship, but prior to the start of the tournament, Mongolian team refused from tournament due to financial difficulties. Thus, the world championship was attended by 14 teams. In the final game, Russian team lost to Sweden (4:5). Kazakhstan team won the third place by defeating the Finland’s team (10:5).
Current use.
Medeo maintains its status as one of the best-known tourist locations in Kazakhstan. The stadium is open to the public all year round, allowing visitors to skate at high altitude day or night. During night hours, skaters can enjoy music and lights in the stadium either from the ice, or from VIP boxes available for rent. While ticket prices were raised due to the reconstruction for the Asian Games, it still remains a popular destination for groups of friends or couples.
In addition to this, the Medeu stadium and Dam remain the destination for Almaty's International Medeu-marathon. During this event, competitors run up from the city to this famous location, climbing almost 1000 vertical meters before returning to Almaty to finish. 2011 marked the 14th year of this challenging race, with over 150 runners participating.
Future.
Almaty will be the 2017 Winter Universiade host city, for which Medeo will be used for opening and closing ceremonies, speed skating and the new demonstration sport bandy.
Almaty applies to organise the 2022 Olympic Winter Games. If the city is selected, a roof must be built over the Medeo stadium if it shall be used for the speed skating event, a requirement for speed skating in the Olympic Games.
Hurricane damage in 2011.
Two deadly hurricane force wind attacks happened in Almaty in July 2011 and caused serious damage to the city itself and to the national park in particular, sweeping down thousands of century-old pine trees, once the pride of the Medeu National Park. Local scientists from the National Park estimate that full restoration of the vegetation to the pre-hurricane condition may take several decades.
References.
Notes.
Some content on this page was translated from the Russian language page on this subject.

</doc>
<doc id="2877538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877538" title="Craig Evans (Zimbabwean sportsman)">
Craig Evans (Zimbabwean sportsman)

Craig Neil Evans (born November 29, 1969 in Salisbury - now Harare) is a Zimbabwean cricketer and rugby union footballer.
Cricket.
He played in two Tests, against Sri Lanka and Australia, but is considered a specialist at the one-day game. His highest international score was a 96 not out in Colombo, but despite his good personal form in 2003/04, he is still to find a regular place in the national side.
Rugby.
Evans has also played for .

</doc>
<doc id="2877541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877541" title="Matthew Wright">
Matthew Wright

Matthew Wright (born Alexander Matthew Wright 8 July 1965 in Richmond upon Thames, Surrey) is an English television presenter and tabloid journalist, best known for formerly writing for "The Sun" and for being a showbusiness gossip columnist for "The Daily Mirror". 
Since 2000, Wright has been the host of the topical discussion series "The Wright Stuff", which airs on weekday mornings on Channel 5. He is renowned for his outspoken opinions and he has been described by the "Daily Express" as "never far from controversy".
In 2013, Wright took part in the thirteenth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!". He was the fourth participant to be eliminated.
Early life and education.
Wright started his career at the age of 14, appearing in the Children's Film Foundation production "Big Wheels And Sailor" (1979). He was educated at the voluntary-aided Roman Catholic boys' John Fisher School in Purley, South London and was in the same class as the artist and sculptor Diarmuid Bryon O'Connor and DJ Gilles Peterson. Following school, Wright attended the University of Exeter, graduating in English and Drama.
Career.
Wright became a showbusiness correspondent with "The Sun" and later wrote a column for the "Daily Mirror" in the 1990s, with future 3AM girl Polly Graham as his assistant. During his time at the "Daily Mirror", Wright covered numerous celebrity stories, including the wedding of Phil Collins and Orianne Cevey in 1999, which he claimed was the longest wedding he had ever been to.
He left the "Daily Mirror" in 2000 to pursue a television career and launch the website mykindaplace.com. He was chosen to front Channel 5's daily topical discussion series "The Wright Stuff", which started broadcasting in September 2000. Wright originally co-presented the series with panellists James O'Brien and Kate Silverton. After a couple of years, O'Brien and Silverton were replaced by a new panel every week and the series began attracting celebrities to guest on the panel every day.
In 2002, Wright was a contributor to "Phil Collins: A Life Less Ordinary", a BBC television documentary which profiled the life and career of the Genesis band member and solo musician. The documentary, narrated by Mariella Frostrup, was released on DVD on 9 June 2003.
Since 2007, Wright has been the lead presenter on BBC One's "Inside Out" programme in the London area.
In September 2011, Wright joined the "Daily Star Sunday" as a columnist, but was dropped by the newspaper in March 2012.
In February 2014, Wright hosted "The Big Benefits Row: Live" on Channel 5, a debate broadcast live from 9:00pm with guests including Ken Livingstone, Annabel Giles, Edwina Currie and Katie Hopkins.
In March 2014, he appeared on "Sport Relief's Top Dog" with his dog, Wiggy.
In April 2014, Wright appeared on "Celebrity Juice", where he sucked Marmite from an elderly man’s nipples and licked marmalade out of his belly button.
"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".
It was confirmed on 11 November 2013, that Wright was to appear in the thirteenth series, which he has been taking part in since 17 November 2013. During this time on the show, "The Wright Stuff" was guest presented by Richard Madeley for almost a month. He was the fourth participant to be voted out of the series in a double eviction with campmate Vincent Simone on 3 December.
Opinions.
Wright often implies a sense of rivalry with fellow television presenter Jeremy Kyle and his eponymously named "The Jeremy Kyle Show", which is broadcast on ITV at the same time as "The Wright Stuff" is broadcast on Channel Five. He has spoken negatively of the viewers of Kyle's series, believing that they lack intelligence. Wright has said: "I'd say our show is about the normal world while he plumbs the depths of inbred, alkie, junkie wasters with rampant sex lives." In 2013, Wright further criticised Kyle, claiming: "It's revolting. I have no respect for it. His old radio phone-in Capital FM was inspiring and wonderful. Now his TV show is about humiliating failures for entertainment. It's vile. I have no time to watch it. I have better things to do. He is a nice enough bloke but he has sold his soul."
Wright has been associated with a number of mainly left-wing political causes. He is a long-time supporter of nuclear disarmament in the United Kingdom and was involved in anti-nuclear marches in the early 1980s. In December 2010, while presenting his show, Wright criticised Tony Blair's property ownership, stating that he "ended up with five houses as a result of the boom years of Labour. And when he was interviewed by Andrew Marr about the five houses, Tony offered the righteous, socialist excuse that he has to look after his children, of which I believe there are four. Four children, five houses. So it's a little bit beyond a house per child." 
In March 2011, Wright described Blair as a "good friend" of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi, presenting a photograph of Blair shaking Gaddafi's hand, and criticised Blair for selling guns and crowd control weapons to Gaddafi for him to use against his own people.
Wright advocates higher taxes on the wealthy. In a June 2012 edition of his show, he said: "The most important thing we have to remember is that the very rich pay less tax. That's the objective of the Government. The very rich were paying 50% tax, now it's gone down to 45%. But we've got to remember the priority in this country is to ensure the rich get richer."
Wright has criticised senior UK politicians, such as Prime Minister David Cameron, for refusing to appear on "The Wright Stuff", claiming this was a result of "backward-thinking politicians" who "only do business with ITV and the BBC."
Wright, who has no children, has criticised people who have more than two children, calling them irresponsible.
In June 2013, Wright criticised singer Beyoncé Knowles for performing in skimpy clothes at Chime For Change's "The Sound of Change Live" concert at London's Twickenham Stadium. Wright, claiming that Beyoncé was dressing like a "slut", asked: "Why does empowering women always involve acting as a sex object for men? How does she demonstrate empowering women? She looks to me like a victim of a male-driven record business."
Controversies.
In 1998, in his review published in the "Daily Mirror", Wright referred to the play "The Dead Monkey" featuring David Soul as "without doubt the worst West End show I have ever seen", despite not having seen it. Wright also made several other inaccurate claims about the play in his article. In 2001, Soul won £20,000 in a libel case against Wright and the "Daily Mirror", stating that Wright was "using the play as an excuse to attack me personally".
In 2002, Wright named John Leslie live on air as the television presenter being linked to the alleged rape of Ulrika Jonsson. Wright subsequently claimed he couldn't remember blurting out Leslie's name during the show. In a Sky 1 show, "John Leslie: My Year of Hell", Wright offered John Leslie an apology. Leslie confirmed he wouldn't sue Wright, claiming: "I think he just made a really big mistake and unfortunately I was the one paying the price."
In October 2011, Wright caused a controversy when he asked male viewers of "The Wright Stuff" if they would have sex with Amanda Knox, who had just been acquitted of the murder of Meredith Kercher. Wright introduced a debate on Knox's future with an on-screen caption headed "Foxy Knoxy: Would Ya?" and told viewers: "She's entirely innocent. She's also undeniably fit and loves wild sex. Or did. So if you were a guy who'd met her in a bar and she invited you back to hers, would you go?" Wright apologised for the segment the following day, stating: "While I'm not going to apologise for discussing Amanda Knox's future after all the terrible things the media has said about her these past four years, I do want to say sorry for the way I framed the debate. The on-screen title was wrong, no doubt about it. I only wish all those mouthing off about it on Twitter had seen the whole 20-minute debate and not just reacted to the 10-second introduction. But nevertheless, I am sorry."
In December 2011, Wright made a joke during a discussion on his show of the murder of Scottish teenager Liam Aitchison, resulting in more than 2,000 viewer complaints and an investigation by regulator Ofcom. This edition of "The Wright Stuff" resulted in more complaints being made to Ofcom than any other programme in 2011. Wright personally wrote to Aitchison's family by way of apology.
Personal life.
Wright's first marriage ended in a bitter legal battle that he claims "made me wary of relationships". In 2003, he started a relationship with "Closer" columnist Caroline Monk. He met his second wife, Amelia Gatte, at a garden party held by their mutual friend Miriam Stoppard. They married in 2010. In 2013, they revealed they were trying to conceive a baby with the help of in vitro fertilization but three of their IVF pregnancies so far had ended in a miscarriage. His wife is unable to fall pregnant naturally following an ectopic pregnancy.
Although he insists he has only had sexual relationships with women, Wright has admitted that he is "a slightly camp man" and has been accused of being gay on his programme. Wright has said: "I can't be any other way, so if people want to imagine that they're my gay lovers, more power to them." Wright has acknowledged that "everyone thinks I'm gay". Wright admitted an attraction to Rylan Clark when he guested on "The Wright Stuff".
Wright counts fly fishing as one of his passions. He has a Miniature Schnauzer, which he calls by the full title "Wiggy Wiggy Woo Woo, His Royal Highness, Prince of Wiggleness", and "Wiggy" for short.
Music.
Wright is a fan of live music and regularly attends concerts. In 2003 he performed on stage with his favourite band, Hawkwind, at the London Astoria, after interviewing the band's frontman Dave Brock on radio. He is now a friend of the band. He also released a single with them, "Spirit of the Age", in 2006, and is credited on their album "Take Me To Your Leader", released the same year.
Wright is also a fan of Here & Now and Cardiacs, bands he saw perform at the Stonehenge Free Festival in 1984, an event he claims "changed my life". He claims that Here & Now's 1983 record "Fantasy Shift" is the album that changed his life. He also has an extensive collection of progressive rock albums on vinyl and has been interviewed by "Classic Rock Presents Prog" magazine. Wright has seen the Genesis tribute band The Musical Box live in concert performing the 1974 concept album "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway", which he described as "superb". As a teenager, Wright was a fan of Phil Collins and has said that he used to have a poster of Collins on his bedroom wall, something he has said he is now "ashamed to say". Despite his contempt for Collins, Wright has expressed great admiration for some of his 1980s soul-pop contemporaries, and has been a fan of Paul Young since he was in the Q-Tips, claiming his 1983 album "No Parlez" "still sounds fresh today".

</doc>
<doc id="2877545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877545" title="Jean Donovan">
Jean Donovan

Jean Donovan (April 10, 1953 – December 2, 1980) was an American lay missionary who was raped and murdered along with three Religious Sisters in El Salvador by a military death squad while volunteering to do charity work during the civil war there.
Life.
Jean Donovan was born to Patricia and Raymond Donovan, who raised her in an upper middle-class home in Westport, Connecticut. She had an older brother, Michael. She attended Mary Washington College in Virginia (now the University of Mary Washington), and spent a year as an exchange student in Ireland at University College Cork, deepening her Roman Catholic faith through her contact with a priest there who had been a missionary in Peru. 
Upon the completion of her master's degree in business from Case Western Reserve University, she accepted a position as a management consultant for the Cleveland branch of the nationwide accounting firm, Arthur Andersen.
Donovan was engaged to a young physician, Douglas Cable, and felt a strong call to motherhood as well as her call to do mission work: "...I sit there and talk to God and say 'Why are you doing this to me? Why can't I just be your little suburban housewife?' 
While volunteering in the Cleveland Diocese Youth Ministry with the poor, she decided to join the Diocesan Mission Project in El Salvador. She was accepted into and completed the lay-missionary training course at Maryknoll in New York State. 
Donovan traveled to El Salvador in July 1977, where she worked as a lay missioner in La Libertad, along with Dorothy Kazel, an Ursuline nun. The pair worked in the parish of the Church of the Immaculate Conception in La Libertad, providing help to refugees of the Salvadoran Civil War and the poor. They provided shelter, food, transportation to medical care, and they buried the bodies of the dead left behind by the death squads.
Donovan was a follower of Archbishop Óscar Romero, and often went to his cathedral, the Catedral Metropolitana de San Salvador, to hear him preach. After his assassination on March 24, 1980, about eight months before their own murders, she and Sister Dorothy Kazel stood beside his coffin during the night-long vigil of his wake.
In the weeks before she died, Donovan wrote a friend:
Murder.
In the afternoon of December 2, Donovan and Dorothy Kazel picked up two Maryknoll missionary sisters, Maura Clarke and Ita Ford, from the airport after the pair arrived from attending a Maryknoll conference in Managua, Nicaragua. They were under surveillance by a National Guardsman at the time, who phoned his commander for orders.
Acting on orders from their commander, five National Guard members changed into plain clothes and continued to stake out the airport.
The five members of the National Guard of El Salvador, out of uniform, stopped the vehicle they were driving after they left the airport in San Salvador. Donovan and the three sisters were taken to a relatively isolated spot where they were beaten, raped, and murdered by the soldiers.
At about 10:00 the night of Tuesday, December 2, three hours after Donovan and Kazel picked up Clarke and Ford, local peasants had seen the sisters' white van drive to an isolated spot and then heard machine-gun fire followed by single shots. They saw five men flee the scene in the white van, with the lights on and the radio blaring. The van would be found later that night, on fire at the side of the airport road. 
Early the next morning, Wednesday, December 3, they found the bodies of the four women, and were told by local authorities—a judge, three members of the civil guard, and two commanders—to bury the women in a common grave in a nearby field. Four of the local men did so, but informed their parish priest, Fr. Paul Schindler, and the news reached the local Catholic bishop and the U.S. Ambassador to El Salvador, Robert White, the same day.
The shallow grave was exhumed the next day, on Thursday, December 4, in front of fifteen reporters, Sisters Alexander and Dorsey and several missioners, and Ambassador White. Donovan's body was the first removed; then Kazel's; then Clarke's; and last, Ita Ford. The next day, a Mass of the Resurrection was said by the bishop, Arturo Rivera y Damas; and on Saturday, December 6, the bodies of Jean Donovan and Dorothy Kazel were flown out for burial, Donovan to her parents in Sarasota, Florida, and Kazel back to her hometown of Cleveland, Ohio. The bodies of the Maryknoll sisters, Clarke and Ford, were not repatriated and were buried in Chalatenango. The U.S. State Department charged the Donovans $3,500 for the return of their daughter's body (the repatriation of remains is usually paid for by the family).
Subsequent history.
As news of the murders was made public in the United States, public outrage forced the U.S. government to pressure the El Salvador regime to investigate. The earliest investigations were condemned as whitewash attempts by the later ones, and in time, a Truth Commission was appointed by the United Nations to investigate who gave the orders, who knew about it, and who covered it up. Several low-level guardsman were convicted, and two generals were sued by the women's families in the federal civil courts of the United States for their command responsibility for the incident. U.S. foreign policy, which had shored up the right-wing government through the Carter, Reagan, and Bush Administrations, was forced into the public eye.
According to the Maryknoll Order:The U.N.-sponsored [http://www.usip.org/files/file/ElSalvador-Report.pdf report of the Commission on the Truth for El Salvador concluded that the abductions were planned in advance and the men responsible had carried out the murders on orders from above. It further stated that the head of the National Guard and two officers assigned to investigate the case had concealed the facts to harm the judicial process. The murder of the women, along with attempts by the Salvadoran military and some American officials to cover it up, generated a grass-roots opposition in the U.S., as well as ignited intense debate over the Administration’s policy in El Salvador.
In 1984, the defendants were found guilty and sentenced to 30 years in prison. The Truth Commission noted that this was the first time in Salvadoran history that a judge had found a member of the military guilty of assassination. In 1998, three of the soldiers were released for good behavior. Two of the men remain in prison and have petitioned the Salvadoran government for pardons.
The head of the National Guard, whose troops were responsible for the murders, Gen. Carlos Eugenio Vides Casanova, went on to become Minister of Defense in the government of José Napoleón Duarte. After their emigration to the U.S. state of Florida, Vides Casanova and his fellow general, José Guillermo García, were sued by the families of the four women in federal civil court. The case is styled "Ford v. Garcia". The defense won the case.
Films and plays.
Donovan is the main subject of the 1982 documentary "Roses in December", which also includes footage regarding Archbishop Romero and Sister Dorothy Kazel. This documentary won the Interfilm Award at the 1982 International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg.
Melissa Gilbert played Jean Donovan in a 1983 television movie, "Choices of the Heart", which has been criticized for lacking clarity about the political context of the women's killings. The movie won the 1984 Humanitas Prize in the 90-minute category. Helen Hunt, Martin Sheen, and Mike Farrell were among the cast members.
In "Salvador", Oliver Stone's 1986 film about an American reporter trying to cover the overall conflict, Cynthia Gibb portrays the Donovan-based character Cathy Moore and is shown in several scenes interacting with the main character. The film also depicts the rape and murder of the four women.
In March 1996, a one-woman play written by Lisa Wagner premiered in Kansas City and then went on a national tour which included a month in Chicago. Wagner had written an earlier work about Dorothy Day called "Haunted by God". The 1996 play, written with her parents' permission and with research in El Salvador among the people who knew Donovan, was called "Points of Arrival". The narrative displays Donovan's sunny personality in the context of her somber spiritual journey, with emphasis on the last months of her life. It was developed with support from the Joliet Franciscan Sisters (Sisters of St. Francis of Mary Immaculate) and Call to Action, a progressive Catholic group.
Elizabeth Swados composed a musical play entitled "Missionaries" about the four church women killed in El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="2877549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877549" title="James Browne (Indian Army officer)">
James Browne (Indian Army officer)

Major-General Sir James Browne KCSI CB (16 September 1839 – 13 June 1896), known as "Buster Browne", was a British military engineer and administrator in British India. 
Career.
Browne was the son of Robert Browne of Falkirk, Scotland. He entered the East India Company's Military College at Addiscombe in February 1856, and received a commission in the Bengal Engineers on 11 December 1857.
He served in the expedition against the Mahsud Waziris in 1860, being mentioned in despatches, and in 1863 in the Umbeyla Campaign, when he was three times mentioned. In January 1875 he became superintendent of works for the building of the Indus bridge. In 1877 he was promoted lieutenant-colonel, and in 1878–1879 accompanied Sir Donald Stewart as political officer during the Second Anglo-Afghan War. He took part in several engagements, was mentioned in despatches, and received the CB. 
In 1881 he became colonel, and in 1882 commanded the Indian engineer contingent sent to Egypt, being present at the Battle of Tel el-Kebir. For his services in Egypt he received the 3rd class of the Osmariieh Order and the Khedives Star. 
In 1884 he was appointed engineer-in-chief of the Sindh-Pishin railway. In 1888 he was made a KCSI and in 1889 quartermaster-general for India. In 1892 he was appointed agent to the governor-general in Baluchistan, in succession to Sir Robert Groves Sandeman, his intimate experience of the Baluchis, gained during his railway work, having specially fitted him for this post.
Personal life.
In 1864 Browne married Alice Pierson, daughter of Charles Pierson and sister of Major William Henry Pierson.
Death.
Browne died suddenly on 13 June 1896 and is buried in Brompton Cemetery, Kensington and Chelsea, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2877555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877555" title="Lucio">
Lucio

Lucio is an Italian, Spanish, male given name derived from the Latin name "Lucius". In Portuguese the given name is accented Lúcio
Lucio is also an Italian surname.
It may be refer to:
People
Surname
Others include those sometimes given Italian surnames:
"It may also refer to:"

</doc>
<doc id="2877556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877556" title="Francisco Javier Salazar Sáenz">
Francisco Javier Salazar Sáenz

Francisco Javier Salazar Sáenz is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN). He was the Secretary of Labor from 2005 to 2006.
Education.
Salazar Sáenz studied chemistry at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and at the "Universidad Iberoamericana". He received a master's degree in administration from the "Universidad Autónoma de San Luis Potosí" and a doctorate in social sciences from the University of La Salle in Mexico city.
Public career.
During the 1980s Salazar Sáenz was an active labor leader in San Luis Potosí state. He was general secretary of the "Unión de Asociaciones de Personal Académico de la Universidad Autonoma de San Luis Potosí" (1979 to 1985), general secretary of the "Asociación Nacional de Asociaciones de Personal Académico Universitario" (1984 to 1988) and general secretary of the "Confederación Nacional de Trabajadores Universitarios" (1985 to 1989).
Salazar Sáenz served in the Chamber of Deputies during the 60th legislative session and in the Mexican Senate during the 61st and 62nd sessions.
In 2005 Mexican President Vicente Fox appointed Salazar as Secretary of Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="2877563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877563" title="Front end of line">
Front end of line

The front-end-of-line (FEOL) is the first portion of IC fabrication where the individual devices (transistors, capacitors, resistors, etc.) are patterned in the semiconductor. 
FEOL generally covers everything up to (but not including) the deposition of metal interconnect layers.
FEOL contains all processes of CMOS fabrication needed to form fully isolated CMOS elements:

</doc>
<doc id="2877570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877570" title="Dorothy Kazel">
Dorothy Kazel

Sister Dorothy Kazel, O.S.U. (June 30, 1939 – December 2, 1980), was an American Ursuline Religious Sister and missionary to El Salvador. On December 2, 1980, she and fellow missionaries, Maryknoll Sisters Ita Ford, Maura Clarke and laywoman Jean Donovan were raped and murdered by members of the military of El Salvador.
Life and work.
Kazel was born Dorthea Lu Kazel to Lithuanian American parents, Joseph and Malvina Kazel, in Cleveland, Ohio. When she joined the Ursulines, a Roman Catholic religious institute in 1960, she took the name Sister Laurentine, in honor of an Ursuline nun martyred during the French Revolution. 
As the Catholic Church modernized during the 1960s, she became known as Sister Dorothy. In the Central American community where she died, she was known as Madre Dorthea (Dorothy). 
Kazel completed her bachelor's degree and novitiate between 1960 and 1965. Beginning in 1965, she taught for seven years in Cleveland, and did missionary work among the Papago Tribe of Arizona.
After finishing a master's degree in counseling in 1974, Kazel decided to partake in the challenge of joining the Diocese of Cleveland's mission team working in El Salvador. Once there, Kazel worked in the Church of the Immaculate Conception in La Libertad, training catechists, carrying out sacramental preparation programs, and overseeing the distribution of Catholic Relief Services aid and food supplies. She was also engaged in working with refugees from the Salvadoran Civil War, obtaining food, shelter, and medical supplies, and transporting the sick and injured to medical facilities.
Murder.
On the afternoon of December 2, 1980, Kazel and Jean Donovan, a layperson who worked with her in La Libertad, picked up two Maryknoll missionary sisters, Teresa Alexander and Madeline Dorsey, from the airport after the pair arrived from attending a Maryknoll conference in Managua, Nicaragua. They were under surveillance by a National Guardsman of El Salvador at the time, who phoned his commander for orders.
Acting on orders from their commander, five National Guard members changed into plainclothes and continued to stake out the airport. Donovan and Kazel returned to pick up another pair of Maryknoll sisters, Maura Clarke and Ita Ford, who were returning from the same conference, on a flight not due until 7:00 pm. 
The five members of the National Guard, out of uniform, stopped the vehicle they were driving after they left the airport in San Salvador. Kazel and the three other women were taken to a relatively isolated spot where they were beaten, raped and murdered by the soldiers.
Peasants living nearby had seen the women's white van drive to an isolated spot at about 10 p.m. on December 2 and then heard machine gun fire followed by single shots, three hours after the flight was due. They saw five men flee the scene in the white van, with the lights on and the radio blaring. The van would be found later that night on fire at the side of the airport road. 
Early the next morning, December 3, they found the bodies of the four women and were told by local authorities—a judge, three members of the civil guard, and two commanders—to bury them in a common grave in a nearby field. The peasants did so, but informed their parish priest, Fr. Paul Schindler, and the news reached the local Catholic bishop and the United States Ambassador to El Salvador, Robert White.
Their shallow grave was exhumed the next day, December 4, in front of 15 reporters, Sisters Alexander and Dorsey and several missioners, and Ambassador White. Donovan's body was the first exhumed; then Kazel's; then Clarke's; and last, that of Ita Ford. On December 5, a Mass of the Resurrection was said by Bishop Rivera y Damas; and on December 6, the bodies of Jean Donovan and Dorothy Kazel were flown out for burial. Donovan's body was returned to her parents in Sarasota, Florida, while Kazel's was taken back to her hometown of Cleveland, where she was buried in All Souls Cemetery in Chardon, Ohio. The bodies of the Maryknoll sisters, Clarke and Ford, were buried in Chalatenango, El Salvador, in keeping with Maryknoll practice.
At that point, a series of investigations began. The earliest investigations were condemned as whitewash attempts by the later ones, and in time, a truth commission was appointed by the United Nations to investigate who gave the orders, who knew about it, and who covered it up. Several low-level guardsman were convicted, and two generals were sued by the women's families in the U.S. federal courts for their command responsibility for the incident.
Subsequent history.
According to the Maryknoll Sisters: “The U.N.-sponsored [http://www.usip.org/library/tc/doc/reports/el_salvador/tc_es_03151993_intro.html Report of the Commission on the Truth for El Salvador concluded that the abductions were planned in advance and the men responsible had carried out the murders on orders from above. It further stated that the head of the National Guard and two officers assigned to investigate the case had concealed the facts to harm the judicial process. The murder of the women, along with attempts by the Salvadoran military and some American officials to cover it up, generated a grass-roots opposition in the U.S., as well as ignited intense debate over the Administration’s policy in El Salvador.
In 1984, the defendants were found guilty and sentenced to 30 years in prison. The Truth Commission noted that this was the first time in Salvadoran history that a judge had found a member of the military guilty of assassination. In 1998, three of the soldiers were released for good behavior. Two of the men remain in prison and have petitioned the Salvadoran government for pardons.” [http://www.maryknoll.org/MARYKNOLL/SISTERS/ms_marty4ani.htm].
The head of the National Guard, whose troops were responsible for the murders, General Carlos Eugenio Vides Casanova, went on to become Salvadoran Minister of Defense in the government of José Napoleón Duarte. After their emigration to the U.S. state of Florida, Vides Casanova and his fellow general, José Guillermo García, were sued by the families of the four women in federal civil court. The case is styled "Ford v. Garcia". The defense won the case.
Film.
Although Jean Donovan is the main subject of the 1982 documentary "Roses in December" the film also includes footage regarding Archbishop Romero and Sister Dorothy Kazel. This documentary won the Interfilm Award at the 1982 International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg.
Pamela Bellwood played Kazel in the 1983 television movie "Choices of the Heart", which was criticized for lacking clarity about the political context of the women's killings. The movie won the 1984 Humanitas Prize in the 90-minute category. Melissa Gilbert, Helen Hunt, Martin Sheen, and Mike Farrell co-starred.
Book.
Several books have been written about the four women who were martyred that day, and Kazel is mentioned in all of them. However, one specifically about Kazel was authored by Sister Cynthia Glavac: "In the Fullness of Life: A Biography of Dorothy Kazel, O.S.U." (1996, Dimension Books).

</doc>
<doc id="2877574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877574" title="No. 56 Squadron RAF">
No. 56 Squadron RAF

Number 56 Squadron is one of the oldest and most successful squadrons of the Royal Air Force, with battle honours from many of the significant air campaigns of both World War I and World War II. As 56 (Reserve) Squadron it is now an operational evaluation unit.
History.
First World War.
The squadron was formed on 8 June 1916 and was posted to France in April 1917 as part of the Royal Flying Corps. The squadron was equipped with the then brand new S.E.5 fighter. Its arrival at the front with the latest fighter, combined with the unusually high proportion of experienced pilots in its ranks, led to rumours among its German opponents the squadron was specifically the 'Anti-Richthofen Squadron', dedicated to the removal of the Red Baron. Although there was no truth in these rumours, the squadron did shoot down and kill Richthofen's nearest 1917 rival Leutnant Werner Voss in an epic dogfight.
By the end of the war 56 Squadron had scored 402 victories (as 'destroyed', 'out of control' or 'driven down'), and many famous fighter aces served with the unit, such as James McCudden,
Reginald Hoidge,
Gerald Constable Maxwell,
Arthur Rhys Davids,
Geoffrey Hilton Bowman,
Richard Maybery,
Leonard Monteagle Barlow,
Henry Burden,
Cyril Crowe,
Maurice Mealing,
Albert Ball,
William Roy Irwin,
Edric Broadberry,
Kenneth William Junor,
Cecil Lewis,
Keith Muspratt,
Harold Walkerdine,
William Spurrett Fielding-Johnson,
William Otway Boger,
Charles Jeffs,
Harold Molyneux, and
Duncan Grinnell-Milne, the latter of whom became the unit's last Commanding Officer before the squadron was disbanded. During the course of the war, forty of the squadron's pilots were killed in action, twenty wounded and thirty-one taken prisoner.
Between Wars.
The squadron disbanded and was reformed several times between the wars. 80 Squadron was renumbered as 56. The squadron was disbanded September 1922 and then reformed in November 1922.
Equipment included:
Second World War.
No 56 Squadron's introduction to the war came on 6 September 1939. The squadron, then based at RAF North Weald, were the victims of a friendly fire incident known as the Battle of Barking Creek. Two pilots of the squadron were shot down and one, P/O Montague Hulton-Harrop, was killed, becoming the RAF's first casualty in the defence of the UK.
The squadron entered the Second World War equipped with the Hawker Hurricane and first saw action during the Battle of France, although they remained based in England and sent flights to France for short periods. The squadron ended the campaign by covering the Dunkirk evacuation. As part of No. 11 Group RAF, the squadron was based at North Weald, when the squadron first engaged German aircraft on 31 July 1940. It was heavily involved in the fighting in the south of England during August, although the squadron moved to RAF Boscombe Down at the beginning of September. It was one of the few fighter squadrons to remain based in the south of England continuously through the battle.
Based at Duxford and operating Hurricanes, it recommenced missions in 1941 over the continent, including escorting bombers raiding targets in German-occupied France. In September 1941 the squadron became the first unit to receive the Hawker Typhoon which, although troublesome to begin with, the squadron helped turn into a usable fighter. Throughout 1942 and 1943 the unit was based with No. 12 Group RAF at RAF Matlaske in Norfolk. During this time 56 Squadron's role changed from that of low-level defence against Fw 190 and Bf 109 fighter-bomber attacks into becoming fighter bombers themselves, attacking ground and sea targets. 56 Squadron was to score one confirmed victory on Typhoons.
In 1944 the squadron moved to RAF Newchurch and converted to the Hawker Tempest Mk.V. S/L Higginson left the squadron at this time, due to his knowledge of the pilot escape routes in France; his total victory count, all with No. 56, was 15. 
As a unit of No. 150 Wing RAF, under the command of Wing Commander Roland Beamont, 56 Squadron was an air defence squadron, involved in defending Britain from V1 flying bombs. Between 70 and of these were shot down before a transfer to advance landing ground B.60 at Grimbergen in Belgium on 28 September as part of 122 Wing, Second Tactical Air Force. During subsequent operations 56 Squadron was to become equal highest scoring Tempest unit, with 486(NZ) Sqn, totalling 59 confirmed victories. 
During the Second World War the squadron claimed a total of 149 aircraft shot down.
In April 1943 Charles E Brown from aviation journal "Flight" visited 56 Sqn. at Matlaske
Cold War.
The squadron converted to the RAF's first jet fighter, the Gloster Meteor F.III, in April 1946 at RAF Bentwaters where they also flew the Gloster Meteor F.8 and the Supermarine Swift. In 1952 and 1953 56 Squadron flew the Meteor VIII from RAF Waterbeach receiving the Swift for evaluation in 1953 until 1955. In September 1957 the squadron moved to RAF Wattisham with the Hawker Hunter F5/F6 where they would spend some 35 years defending UK airspace, intercepting Tupolev Tu-95 "Bear" aircraft. 
They converted to the English Electric Lightning F1A in 1960 and showed the aircraft in a display team called "The Firebirds". The squadron left Wattisham in 1967 deploying to RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, before returning in 1975 with the Lightning F6.
In 1976 56 Squadron exchanged their Lightnings for McDonnell Douglas Phantom FGR.2s and shared their base of RAF Wattisham initially with 23 Squadron and subsequently, on their departure to the Falkland Islands in 1982, with 74 Squadron. Both 56 and 23 Squadron operated the Phantom FGR.2, which used Rolls Royce Spey engines, UK MOD Radar systems and other RAF modifications. 74 Squadron was equipped with ex-US Navy/Marine F-4Js (designated as the F-4J(UK) in RAF service).
56 Squadron operated the Phantom FGR.2 at Wattisham until finally retiring these in 1992. 56 Squadron moved to RAF Coningsby and the following year RAF Wattisham, one of Britain's major fighter bases during the Cold War, was closed and handed over to the British Army.
Modern day.
At Coningsby the squadron adopted the title of 56(Reserve) Squadron. It became the RAF's Operational Conversion Unit (229 OCU) conducting training of "Ab initio" crew and aircrew converting from other aircraft types to the Tornado F3. Following the announcement that the Eurofighter Typhoon would be stationed at Coningsby, it was decided that 56(R) Sqn would relocate to RAF Leuchars in Fife, home to 43(F) Squadron and 111 Squadron (with whom 56 Sqn had previously shared Wattisham), flying the Tornado F3. The Squadron moved north in March 2003, initially moving into the 'Ark Royal' hangar before moving into a new building on the northern side of the airfield. The squadron, nicknamed the Firebirds, was until 2005 the display squadron for the F3. It was announced in December 2005 that, as a cost-cutting measure, the RAF would no longer have a Tornado F3 display .
On 5 February 2008 it was reported that 56(R) squadron would disappear after being merged with 43(F) Squadron on 22 April as the Tornado fleet was to be replaced with the Eurofighter Typhoon. The 56 Squadron nameplate was transferred to the Air Warfare Centre Air Command and Control Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Operational Evaluation Unit (AIR C2ISR OEU) at RAF Waddington on 22 April 2008 as 56(R) Sqn, The ISTAR OEU. The ISTAR OEU is the centre of excellence for the RAF's AWACS, Nimrod R1/MR2 and Sentinel aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="2877577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877577" title="James N. Robey">
James N. Robey

James N. Robey (born January 18, 1941) is a member of the Maryland Senate. He is the current Maryland State Senate Majority Leader. 
Background.
Robey was born in Baltimore, and raised in the small Howard County mill town of Daniels, once located on the banks of the Patapsco River. His son Wayne Robey became the Clerk of the Circuit Court when Margaret D. Rappaport retired in 2012.
Education.
He attended Howard High School His principal was Howard County's first Execuitive Omar J. Jones. He graduated with the class of 1959. Robey holds a Bachelors Degree in Criminal Justice from the University of Maryland University College where he was recognized as the 2002 Distinguished Alumnus. He also holds a Masters Degree in Administrative Management from Hood College and is a graduate of both the FBI's National Academy and its Law Enforcement Executive Development Seminar.
Career.
Robey joined the Howard County Police Department in 1966 reaching major by 1981. He was appointed by Charles I. Ecker to Chief of Police replacing Frederick W. Chaney in 1991. He retired in 1998 to run for County Executive. He was elected as County Executive of Howard County, Maryland in 1998 and 2002.
In 2006, Robey campaigned as a Democrat against Republican incumbent Sandra Schrader for her seat in the Maryland State Senate representing District 13. Robey won with 56% of the vote.
On October 29, 2007, the James N. Robey Public Safety Training Facility was dedicated. This will be a facility for both the Howard County Police Department and Howard County Fire and Rescue to use for training purposes.
Robey has been labeled one of the most-liberal State Senators in the Maryland Assembly. An independent website, www.votesmart.org, displays that Robey received a score of 97 out of 100 (the highest rating of any state senator) from a liberal organization known as Progressive Maryland.
On September 1, 2013, Robey was chosen to replace State Senator Robert J. Garagiola as State Senate Majority Leader.

</doc>
<doc id="2877584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877584" title="Double Wedding">
Double Wedding

__notoc__
Double Wedding is a 1937 romantic comedy film starring William Powell and Myrna Loy, and featuring Florence Rice, John Beal, Jessie Ralph and Edgar Kennedy. This was the seventh pairing of Powell and Loy, with another seven to go. It was directed by Richard Thorpe from a screenplay by Jo Swerling based on the unpublished play "Nagy szerelem" ("Great Love") by Ferenc Molnár.
William Powell's fiancée Jean Harlow died during production, halting filming. Powell later described finishing the film as "very difficult under the circumstances". Myrna Loy, who had been good friends with Harlow, wrote in her autobiography that she disliked the film because of Harlow's death and that it was "the scapegoat for concurrent despair".
Plot.
Charles Lodge (William Powell), a freewheeling film director who lives in a cluttered car trailer, interrupts the well-ordered life of Margit Agnew (Myrna Loy) when he convinces her younger sister Irene (Florence Rice) that she should become an actress. However, Margit is determined that Irene will marry her fiancé of four years, the pliable Waldo (John Beal). Fed up with Waldo's timidity, Irene decides that she is infatuated with Charles. Charles pretends to return her feelings so he can stay close to Margit. He agrees to give up Irene if Margit will let him paint her portrait. However, Irene comes unexpectedly to his trailer and Margit, believing he lied about giving Irene up, angrily destroys the painting. Charles arranges for a wedding, ostensibly to marry Irene, but actually it is a ploy to simultaneously reconcile Irene and Waldo and for him to win Margit's hand.
Production.
"Double Wedding" had the working title of "Three's Company". Originally, Robert Young and Robert Benchley were to have roles in the film, which was the seventh pairing of Powell and Loy. Loy's previous film, Parnell (1937) did not do well at the box office, so MGM paired her with Powell again to rehabilitate her career. The move was a success, as "Double Wedding" was a box office success.
When Jean Harlow, William Powell's girlfriend of three years and fiancee, died suddenly on June 28, 1937 three weeks after falling ill with uremic poisoning caused by kidney failure, production on the film was partially shut down. Her death was a blow to both Powell and Loy, a good friend of Harlow, and Powell's grief was such that he asked the studio for some time to recover. Although filming was completed on schedule, neither Powell nor Loy felt they were at their best.
Film locations included Carmel-by-the-Sea and the estate of C. A. Noble, a banker and manufacturer from Milwaukee.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2877588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877588" title="Bucharest Business Week">
Bucharest Business Week

Bucharest Business Week (BBW for short) was a Romanian English-language weekly business newspaper. It is published by AmeriCelt Publishing SRL, the Bucharest branch of Romanian Ventures Inc. based in the United States. The readership is approximately 21,000.
It contains various categories of business news, about companies, privatization or investment. The newspaper also features Romania-related news and interviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2877598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877598" title="Asterix &amp; Obelix XXL">
Asterix &amp; Obelix XXL

Asterix & Obelix XXL (Asterix & Obelix: Kick Buttix in North America) is an action adventure video game released in 2004. It is based on the French comic book series "Asterix", about the Gaulish warrior Asterix in the year 50 BC, as he battles the Romans.
A sequel was released the following year, "".
Plot.
One ordinary day in the village, Asterix, Obelix and Dogmatix leave for the forest to hunt for wild boars. As they are walking, a storm begins to brew, and a nearby tree is struck by lightning. Dogmatix is frightened, and runs away. While they are searching for him, Asterix and Obelix see flames in the distance. Asterix hurries off to investigate, while Obelix remains and searches for Dogmatix. Upon arriving at the scene, Asterix meets a Roman secret agent, formerly in Caesar's service. He is furious at having been sacked, and agrees to help Asterix and Obelix foil the Romans plans. Asterix enters the village to find it ablaze and full of Romans. He quickly defeats them, and makes his way through the Gaulish countryside to a hilltop by the sea. There, he meets up with Obelix, who tells him that Dogmatix is still nowhere to be found. They learn from the Roman agent that their fellow villagers have been kidnapped by the Romans. Asterix and Obelix then follow him to a dock, where he points out two barges far off in the distance, and mentions that their friends are probably being held prisoner aboard them. Farther up the path, the secret agent finds Dogmatix, and Obelix's beloved pet joins the duo in their Roman-bashing antics. Asterix and Obelix then fight off many more Roman soldiers, plowing through a country road. After finally defeating all of the warriors, the two discover a padlocked wagon at the end of the road. Obelix breaks open the door, and the village druid, Getafix, clambers out. He explains to them that while he was locked up, he overheard Caesar's plans to send the Gaulish villagers to different parts of the Roman Empire. Their locations were etched into a white marble map, which Caesar smashed after showing to his soldiers. Thus, Getafix returns to the village, and Asterix, Obelix and Dogmatix set off to the first location to free their fellow villagers from the clutches of the Romans.
Gameplay.
Gameplay involves the rescuing of various villagers while solving large puzzles and defeating the Roman masses. Players automatically switch between Asterix and Obelix depending on the situation, both with slight differences, such as speed or strength. The only significant difference is Obelix's ability to smash iron crates without magic potion, and his ability to push and pull larger platforms than Asterix. Many puzzles involve the use of a special reusable torch that only Asterix may carry, and a sliding platform guided by a rope, both of which occur in every province of the Roman Empire.
Players may redeem helmets collected from defeated Romans. These helmets can be used to purchase power-ups, such as extra health and new attack combinations from a traveling merchant in each province. There are two types of helmets: ordinary grunts' helmets (worth 1 helmet) and gold centurions' helmets (worth 10 helmets). The latter are usually acquired from iron crates, or dropped by high-ranking enemies, such as commanders and gladiators. Players can also pick up gourds of magic potion, which are found regularly. These can only be consumed by Asterix, and are used immediately when collected. After consuming the potion, the player becomes much more powerful for an extremely limited time. The potion allows Asterix to defeat Romans in a single hit, and to run much faster. In addition, they allow a player to perform a triple jump and smash iron crates. If Asterix consumes another potion while already under the effect of a previous one, he will generate a huge shockwave that causes all nearby enemies to drop their weapons.
Combat is performed by bashing the Romans with bare hands. The ordinary grunts are the easiest to defeat, with many more powerful classes of enemies. After being bashed, certain enemies will remain dazed for a few moments, at which point some of them can be picked up and swung around the head like a lasso, damaging all other enemies in the vicinity, and breaking nearby crates. Dogmatix can also be dispatched during battle. He will bite the enemy soldiers, causing them to drop their weapons and rendering them easily vulnerable to attack.
In each province, the heroes will encounter the Roman agent, who will provide them with helpful information on operating machinery and bring them up to date on the Romans' latest plans. At the end of each province (with the exception of Gaul), there is a boss fight. The bosses are invariably large machines of war, operated by several Romans. After the machines are destroyed, the captive villagers are set free, and they provide Asterix and Obelix with another section of the marble map, allowing them to continue on and rescue the other villagers. Each province (with the exceptions of Gaul and Rome) contain unique enemies native to that area. Players are able to revisit any previous areas in order to collect more helmets, or to find more Golden Laurels.
Throughout the game, players may find Golden laurel wreaths, accessible under different conditions; some are as simple as picking them up, while others are obtained by complex puzzles or fulfilling various conditions. The laurel wreaths when collected permit the player to unlock hidden bonuses, such as new attire, purely for cosmetic effect.
Transport in the game is fulfilled by a manner of catapulting. At different points in an area, the player may find a catapult, which when used will send the player to the next location near instantaneously.

</doc>
<doc id="2877600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877600" title="Duane Simolke">
Duane Simolke

Duane Simolke (born 1965) is an American writer based in Lubbock, Texas, who has authored "The Acorn Stories", "Degranon: A Science Fiction Adventure", "Holding Me Together", "The Return of Innocence" (with Toni Davis), and "New Readings of Winesburg, Ohio", based on the original Sherwood Anderson classic. He edited and co-wrote the spin-off "The Acorn Gathering" and donated the royalties of that work to the American Cancer Society. "Acorn" refers to a fictitious town somewhere in isolated west Texas.
Simolke (pronounced SMOKY) was born in New Orleans. His father was Frederick J. "Pete" Simolke (1938–2001). "Pete" had a twin brother, Carl Wayne Simolke (1938–2006) of Shreveport. Simolke's paternal grandparents were Frederick "Pappy" Simolke and the former Mattie Brown. Simolke grew up in Minden, the seat of Webster Parish, in north Louisiana. He attended a Baptist Church and graduated from Minden High School in 1983.
Simolke thereafter procured three academic degrees in English. In 1989, he received his Bachelor of Arts from Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. He obtained his Master of Arts degree from Hardin-Simmons University, another Baptist-affiliated institution, in Abilene in Taylor County, in west Texas in 1991. He earned his Ph.D. from Texas Tech University in Lubbock in 1996.
Simolke's works have been published in a variety of journals, including "nightFire", "Mesquite", "Caprock Sun", "Midwest Poetry Review", and "International Journal on World Peace".
Simolke is openly gay. According to his website: "After a lifetime of denial, I finally began to accept my homosexuality — a process made even more difficult by my religious fundamentalist background and mindset. Numerous essays and poems rose from my inner conflicts. Much of that writing, along with some of my earlier works, would later become my book "Holding Me Together". . . . All of my books reflect the reality of human diversity; if encountering gays or people of color bothers you, then you probably won’t like most of my writing".
In 1997, Simolke founded the gay online newsletter "Rainbow Lubbock".

</doc>
<doc id="2877615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877615" title="John Reck">
John Reck

John Reck was an Alaskan politician and the ninth mayor of Juneau, Alaska, from 1914 to 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="2877616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877616" title="Montesa Honda">
Montesa Honda

Montesa Honda is the Spanish subsidiary of Honda, which assembles several models of motorcycles, bicycles, and parts at its Barcelona plant. The company exports 75 per cent of its production to Europe.
Permanyer and Bultó.
Montesa was formed in 1944 by Pedro Permanyer and Francisco Xavier "Paco" Bultó. Their first Montesa prototype was based upon the French Motobécane models of that time. Permanyer began to produce his own gas engines, which allowed for a new area in motorcycles to be explored and expanded into. Permanyer and Bultó teamed up in Barcelona and created a light-weight motorcycle. This led to the creation of a bike powered by a 95cc two-stroke engine with no rear suspension. Despite some setbacks, they sold 22 of these units in the first year of production. The next year, the partnership focused on production improvements and meeting the growing demand for their bike. As a successor to the previous model, Bultó designed a new 125cc roadster, which was tested in many the trail-type rallies and semi-enduros that were popular in Spain at the time.
This model went on to enter the 1951 International Six Days Enduro. The bike was entered in by the factory, being ridden by Bultó and G. Cavestany. In the early 1950s, Montesa entered many races in the 125cc class of road racing. These bikes featured six-speed, bolt on gearboxes, in semi-unit construction, with all gears running on needle-roller bearings. By 1956, these Montesa 125s were very competitive and took second, third and fourth places in the Ultra-Lightweight race at the Isle of Man TT.
The most successful Montesa street bike of the '50s was the Brio 80, of which more than 12,000 were produced. The success of the Brio and the other models, led to the opening of a new and larger factory in Espluges de Llobregat. The Brio 80 and Brio 90 models contained many new advances, such as moving the carburetor behind the cylinder, and a handbrake. However, a slump in the Spanish economy had forced Permanyer to cut back on the company's racing activities. Permanyer wanted to pull out of road racing, but Bultó insisted that they stay in. In May 1958, chief designer Bultó left, taking with him several of Montesa's vital personnel. Permanyer had not only lost the brilliant designer Bultó, but also his 30% share of the company.
Growth and success in the 1960s and 1970s.
Fortunately for both, Spain's economy began to improve. Permanyer promoted the all-around champion motorcyclist Pedro Pi from head test rider to chief development engineer. Leopold Mila was made Technical Director and Permanyer's son Javier, was to be Sports Assistant. Work began right away on designing a brand new all-unit-construction 175cc engine that by 1960, would power the latest Impala sports roadster model. This engine would form the basis of the company's future trials and motocross machines. To promote sales of this model, three Impala's were taken to Africa where they covered over 12,000 miles of terrain, most of it being off-road. Back in Spain, Pi was busy winning the Spanish motocross and road race championships and working on a new 250cc version.
Following its introduction in 1965, the 250 engine would be the cornerstone of the company's future success. Mounted on the new 250 Scorpion scrambler, Pi won the Spanish championship again in 1966 and the similarly engined Sport roadster won the Barcelona 24-hour endurance road race. In 1967 the first Montesa trials models appeared and in 1968 retitled the Cota, Pi won the Spanish Trials Championship. After adding this title to go along with the road race and six motocross titles, he retired from competition to devote his full energy to bike development.
In the decade following, Montesa had unprecedented growth around the World and one has to remember that unlike Bulto's bike, the Bultaco, Montesa only sent a small percentage of its production to the States, concentrating mostly on the European market. Trials models were offered in many different sizes 25, 49, 125, 175, 250, 348 and 349, as were motocrossers 125, 175, 250, 360 and 414. This also included a line of street and Enduro models also. In 1973, the VR (Vehkonen Replica) was released and set the standard for 1974, as did the 348 Cota did in 1976. Ulf Karlsson won the World Trials Championship on a Cota in 1980.
Honda partnership.
By 1981, another round of economic unrest in Spain began to hinder motorcycle manufacturers. Strikes and a shrinking market left Montesa as the only major motorcycle concern in the country; however they were in need for a major influx of capital in order to continue to survive. A loan from the government and shares sold to Honda (to establish a European manufacturing base for their commuter bikes) helped production continue. Indeed, one of the government's stipulations was that Honda would guarantee that production would not stop. Honda was prepared to stockpile trials bikes and to sell them off at a loss in an effort to reach Europe's more profitable market and to bypass restrictive import tariffs.
In July 1985, a major reorganization took place and a large amount of money from Honda was received. By then, only two trials models were offered and the workforce had dwindled to a mere 152 employees. A year later, there were further financial moves between Honda, Spain's government and the Permanyer family, leading to Honda buying the majority of the family's remaining shares. Honda now had an 85% holding and spent another $5 million on modifying and updating the factory.
Montesa was still active in World Trials competition throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s. Even though reduced to only offering one model, the Cota, such riders like former World Champion Eddy Lejeune and Andrew Codina rode the bike to good results in the mid-'80s. In 1992-93, the liquid-cooled Cota 311 was produced; this was to be the last "real" Montesa. In 1994, a new model, the 314R, was introduced. This model featured an HRC Honda powerplant with many other components from Honda. Montesa-mounted Marc Colomer won the World title in 1996 and the 315R followed in early '97. The 315R had a run of 7 years, taking Dougie Lampkin to many world championships, and was replaced by the technically advanced four-stroke Cota 4RT in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2877618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877618" title="Elisabeta Lipă">
Elisabeta Lipă

Elisabeta Lipă (born October 26, 1964 in Siret, Suceava County) is a retired rower from Romania, who was born under the name of Elisabeta Oleniuc. She is the most decorated rower in the history of the Olympics, winning five golds, two silvers and one bronze. She holds the record amongst rowers for the most years between gold medals, at 20 years.
Lipă debuted at the age of 19 at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, where she won her first gold medal in the Double Scull event. She won her most recent gold medal in the eight-oared boat at the Athens Summer Olympics in 2004. She is the only person to win a gold medal in the two premiere rowing events: the single scull and the eight oared boat. She is also one of very few women to win a gold medal in both a sculling (two oars per person) and a sweep (one oar per person) event. (Canada's Kathleen Heddle and Marnie McBean accomplished the same, sculling and sweep gold medals, in 1992 and 1996.)
In 2004, she became the first female rower to compete at six Olympics. This was first done by Czech rower Jiri Ptak (cox) in 1992 and equalled in 2008 by Canadian Lesley Thompson (cox), Estonian Jüri Jaanson, and Australian James Tomkins.
She was awarded the 2008 Thomas Keller Medal at the Rowing World Cup in Lucerne.

</doc>
<doc id="2877623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877623" title="Whatever Gets You thru the Night">
Whatever Gets You thru the Night

"Whatever Gets You thru the Night" is a song written by John Lennon, released as a single in 1974 on Apple Records, catalogue Apple 1874 in the United States and Apple R5998 in the United Kingdom. It peaked at number 1 on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Cashbox" Top 100. It also peaked at number 36 on the British singles chart. It was the lead single for the "Walls and Bridges" album in the US; in the UK it was released the same day as the album.
Content.
This was Lennon's only solo number 1 single in the United States during his lifetime, and Lennon was the last member of The Beatles to achieve his first American number one solo hit. The recording featured Elton John on harmony vocals and piano. While in the studio, Elton bet Lennon that the song would top the charts, and such was Lennon's scepticism that Elton secured from him a promise to appear on stage at one of his performances should the record indeed hit number one. When the record did achieve that feat, Lennon appeared at Elton John's Thanksgiving performance at Madison Square Garden on 28 November 1974. It would be his last major concert appearance.
The inspiration for the lyrics came from late-night television. In December 2005, May Pang told "Radio Times": "At night he loved to channel-surf, and would pick up phrases from all the shows. One time, he was watching Reverend Ike, a famous black evangelist, who was saying, "Let me tell you guys, it doesn't matter, it's whatever gets you through the night." John loved it and said, "I've got to write it down or I'll forget it." He always kept a pad and pen by the bed. That was the beginning of 'Whatever Gets You thru the Night'."
The music was inspired by the number one single at the time, "Rock Your Baby" by George McCrae. Although the released track bears little resemblance, the inspiration is more apparent on the alternate version released on "John Lennon Anthology."
This track was not Lennon's first choice for a single. It was chosen by Capitol Records vice-president Al Coury, who had recently worked his singles 'magic' with Paul McCartney's "Band on the Run" album. Lennon created a promotional film for the song, in which he lip-synced the first verse while walking through Manhattan. Yoko Ono later created an alternate video for the song, featuring an animation of Lennon's drawings.
In 2007, Yoko Ono granted Amnesty International the opportunity to have a number of bands cover John Lennon's solo songbook, which includes this song. Los Lonely Boys and Les Trois Accords performed it as the second single from the "" album.
The live recording with the Elton John Band was released in 1981 on the EP "28th November 1974". The recording is also available on the "Lennon" box set and the 1996 remastered edition of Elton John's "Here and There" album.
Personnel.
The musicians who performed on the original recording were:
The musicians who performed on the 1974 live recording were

</doc>
<doc id="2877626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877626" title="Family car">
Family car

A family car is a car classification used in Europe to describe normally-sized cars. The name comes from the suitability of these cars to carry a whole family locally or on vacations. Most family cars are hatchbacks or sedans, although there are MPVs, estates and cabriolets with the same structure as with the other body style. The term covers two types of family cars.
Small family cars.
Small family cars are between and long if they are hatchbacks, or between and if they are saloon or estate models. Since the 1990s there have been multi-purpose vehicle based on them, called compact MPVs like the Citroën C4 Picasso/Xsara Picasso (3 millions units worldwide since 1999) and the Renault Scénic (more than 4.2 millions units worldwide since 1996). Popular small family cars are the Ford Focus, Renault Mégane/Renault Fluence line (15 millions units worldwide since 1988, non-including the Renault Scénic), Peugeot 30x line (more than 9.4 millions units worldwide since 1985, last to date Peugeot 308), Citroën C4/Citroën C4L/Xsara line (7 millions units worldwide since 1991, non-including the Picasso line), Vauxhall/Opel Astra, Škoda Octavia, SEAT León and Volkswagen Golf.
In North America, which uses a different classification system, cars of this size are generally referred to as compact cars, and the term "family car" is almost never used to describe a vehicle in this class.
Large family cars.
Large family cars were usually around in length by the early 1990s, but are now shifting to or more in length. Examples of large family cars include the Ford Mondeo, Opel/Vauxhall Insignia, Peugeot 508, and Volkswagen Passat. Large family cars can also be flagships such as the Mazda6, the Škoda Superb, Honda Accord, Mitsubishi Galant and the Citroen C5.
Equivalently sized cars in North America are usually called mid-size cars; the term "family car" is fairly often used to refer to a vehicle in this class. Examples include the 
Ford Mustang , Chevrolet Malibu and the Buick LaCrosse.

</doc>
<doc id="2877627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877627" title="Jeremiah Ratliff">
Jeremiah Ratliff

Jeremiah Jerome Ratliff (born August 29, 1981) is an American football defensive tackle for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the seventh round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn. Ratliff received four straight Pro Bowl selections, and was formerly known as Jay.
Early years.
Ratliff attended Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia and was a letterman in football and basketball. He earned All-State and honorable mention all-USA Today honors after catching 44 passes for 701 yards and seven touchdowns as a senior.
College career.
While attending Auburn University, Ratliff played for the Auburn Tigers football team. As a freshman tight end he recorded 3 receptions for 38 yards, playing in 12 games (1 start). He was converted to defensive end as a sophomore, starting eight of 12 games and tying a career highs with 37 tackles (10 for loss), two forced fumbles and a sack. Ratliff played in nine games as a junior reserve defensive end, making seven tackles, including one for a loss. After moving from defensive end to defensive tackle in his senior season, he started all 13 games and tied his career high with 37 tackles. He also made four tackles for a loss and a sack. He tied a single game career high with seven tackles at Auburn to earn SEC Defensive Lineman of the Week honors. He helped the Tigers win the SEC Championship and finish 13-0 by defeating Virginia Tech in the Sugar Bowl, in which he made three tackles. Auburn finished in 2004 second behind USC in the final Associated Press poll.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Regarded as an undersized defensive tackle, he dropped in the 2005 NFL Draft until he was selected in the seventh round (224th overall pick) by the Dallas Cowboys, who were looking to play him at defensive end in their new 3-4 defense.
Ratliff #90 played his first NFL game at Oakland (10/2) and shared a sack with linebacker Scott Shanle. He made his first start the next week against the Philadelphia Eagles (10/9) when the Cowboys opened in their nickel package. He was placed on injured reserve on November 1. In 2006, he played 15 games as part of the defensive line rotation. His quickness and relentless drive allowed him to tie for the team lead with seven quarterback pressures; made 10 tackles; four sacks (tied for third on the team); one pass breakup; and one forced fumble. He led the team in fumble recoveries, which tied for second in the NFL.
He became the starting nose tackle following an injury to Jason Ferguson early in the 2007 season and although he was seen as an undersized player for the position, he started to dominate opposing offensive linemen. He was signed to a $20.5 million, five-year contract extension on December 14, 2007, to stay with the Cowboys through the 2012 season. The deal included an $8 million signing bonus. That year he received the team's Ed Block Courage Award recipient.
In 2008, although he faced constant double teams, he had his best statistical year, recording career highs with 51 tackles (30 solo) and 7.5 sacks, receiving his first Pro Bowl invitation and establishing him as one of the league’s best 3-4 nose tackles. The next year he was considered one of the dominant players in the league, earning All-Pro honors, after registering 40 tackles (29 solo) and 6 sacks.
By 2011 he signed a new contract extension, worth $40 million to play through the 2017 season, but there were already a worries that his size and style of play could shorten his career and talks about moving him to defensive end, which never happened before his production and health started to decline. At the end of the season he was selected to his fourth straight Pro Bowl appearance. In 2012 he missed his first game in 5 years. He missed four games with a high ankle sprain and also suffered a groin injury that placed on the injured reserve, finishing with only 16 tackles.
During his rehabilitation process, Ratliff relationship with the team's medical staff and even with owner Jerry Jones became tense. After his trust towards the Cowboys organization deteriorated, he hired an independent physician and started to rehab on his own.
The Cowboys still saw him as key player in the new 4-3 defense, even after assigning him to the Physically Unable to Perform list at the start of the year. After missing all preseason and the first 6 games of the season, the team terminated his contract and placed him on the failed physical list from Reserve/PUP (Physically Unable to Perform) on October 16, 2013. He finished his Cowboys career with 27 sacks, 16 passes defensed and 317 total tackles. 
An already acrimonious release escalated after Ratliff’s agent (Mark Slough) held a conference call on October 16, where he publicly stated that it was a serious pelvic injury that would likely take at least a year to heal. On October 23, the controversy heated up when Ratliff was cleared medically to work out for other NFL teams, only a week after being released.
Chicago Bears.
On November 2, 2013, Ratliff signed a 1-year-deal with the Chicago Bears and stated that he wanted to be called Jeremiah. Ratliff made his Bears debut against the Minnesota Vikings in week thirteen, recording a tackle in a 23-20 loss. On March 5, 2014, he re-signed with the Bears on a two year contract.
Arrest.
Ratliff was arrested on Tuesday evening January 22, 2013 on suspicion of drunk driving. He was arrested 20 miles northwest of Dallas after he sideswiped a semi-truck. No one was injured. However; Ratliff failed the field sobriety test and spent the night in jail. He was released the morning of January 23 on bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2877631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877631" title="Back end of line">
Back end of line

The back end of line (BEOL) is the second portion of IC fabrication where the individual devices (transistors, capacitors, resistors, etc.) get interconnected with wiring on the wafer. 
BEOL generally begins when the first layer of metal is deposited on the wafer. BEOL includes contacts, insulating layers (dielectrics), metal levels, and bonding sites for chip-to-package connections. 
After the last FEOL step, there is a wafer with isolated transistors (without any wires). In BEOL part of fabrication stage contacts (pads), interconnect wires, vias and dielectric structures are formed. For modern IC process, more than 10 metal layers can be added in the BEOL.
The process used to form DRAM capacitors creates a rough and hilly surface, which makes it difficult to add metal interconnect layers and still maintain good yield.
In 1998, state-of-the-art DRAM processes had 4 metal layers, while state-of-the-art logic processes had 7 metal layers.
As of 2002, 5 or 6 layers of metal interconnect are common.
As of 2009, typical DRAM devices (1 Gbit) use 3 layers of metal interconnect, tungsten on the first layer and aluminum on the higher layers.
As of 2011, many gate arrays are available with a 3-layer interconnect.
Many power ICs and analog ICs use a 3-layer interconnect.
The top-most layers of a chip have the thickest and widest and most widely-separated metal layers, which make the wires on those layers have the least resistance and smallest RC time delay, so they are used for power distribution and clock distribution.
The bottom-most metal layers of the chip, closest to the transistors, have thin, narrow, tightly-packed wires, used only for local interconnect.
Adding layers can potentially improve performance, but adding layers also reduces yield and increases manufacturing cost.
All the chips decoded by the Visual6502 project have only one or two metal layers,
including the RCA 1802, the 6800, the 6502, the 8086, the 6809, the 68000, etc.
Chips with a single metal layer typically use the polysilicon layer to "jump across" when one signal needs to cross another signal --
such as the RCA CDP1802
and the 4004, giving effectively 2 layers of interconnections.
Many microprocessors were designed with two metal interconnect layers, both of them aluminum,
including the 1987 CVAX and the 1989 Rigel.
Many high-performance microprocessors were designed with 3 metal interconnect layers, all of them aluminum.
Those included several processors using the CMOS-3 process, including the 1992 Alpha 21064;
and processors using the CMOS-6 process, including the 1996 StrongARM.
The AMD Athlon Thunderbird has 6 interconnect layers,
the AMD Athlon Palomino has 7 interconnect layers,
the AMD Athlon Thoroughbred A has 8 interconnect layers,
and the AMD Athlon Thoroughbred B has 9 interconnect layers.
The Intel Xeon Dunnington has nine copper interconnect layers.
Steps of the BEOL:
Before 1998, practically all chips used aluminum for the metal interconnection layers.
The four metals with the highest electrical conductivity are silver with the highest conductivity, then copper, then gold, then aluminum.
As of 2011, many commercial processes support 2 or 3 metal layers; the most layers supported on a commercial process is 11 layers, and 12 layers are expected to be supported soon.
After BEOL there is a "back-end process" (also called post-fab), which is done not in the cleanroom, often by a different company.
It includes wafer test, wafer backgrinding, die separation, die tests, IC packaging and final test.

</doc>
<doc id="2877634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877634" title="Falls of Glomach">
Falls of Glomach

The Falls of Glomach, in Ross-shire, Scotland, is one of the highest waterfalls in Britain, at 113 m (370 ft). 
The falls border Kintail, donated to the National Trust for Scotland in 1944 and subsequently incorporating West Affric in 1993. It is not easily reached on foot, requiring an 8 kilometre trek through remote and wild countryside.

</doc>
<doc id="2877639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877639" title="TET">
TET

TET/PRAO ("Työelämään tutustuminen" in Finnish, "Praktisk arbetslivsorientering" in Swedish, lit. "familiarization with working life") is a program providing one to three weeks of experience working in a real job during middle school (lower secondary education) in Finland and Sweden.
The program is one to three weeks long and takes place in 8th or 9th grade, depending on the school. Each student can choose and apply to his or her job independently and has to sign a contract with both the school and the employer. Often students end up working with a relative or friend.
Students working in the program are normally entitled to one free meal per day, but they receive no salary or allowance. Costs incurred by the employer are paid by the Finnish/Swedish state.
The purpose of the program is to introduce students to real-life working environments. TET students normally have a six-hour workday, with only one mandatory 30-minute lunch break. Rules require that no heavy lifting (over 15 kg) be part of normal labour, and there are other specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="2877657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877657" title="Jan Otto">
Jan Otto

Jan Otto (November 8, 1841, Přibyslav - May 29, 1916, Prague) was a Czech publisher and bookseller. He is most known for Otto's encyclopedia, the largest encyclopedia published in the Czech language.
Otto was the son of a country doctor. In 1862 he began working as a printer. In 1871, Otto took over the printing press from his father-in-law Jaroslav Pospíšil. In 1874 he opened a bookstore on Wenceslaus Square in Prague, but after 1910, he concentrated on publishing. After his death his son and son-in-law took over the company but after lasting troubles, went bankrupt in 1934.
In the 1880s Otto started to work on publishing a complete encyclopedia in the Czech language. Despite many difficulties, he began publication 1888. It was an immediate commercial success, and publishing continued twenty years.
In addition to the encyclopedia, Otto published other successful volumes. "Ottova světová knihovna" ("Otto's world library") and "Světová četba" ("World's reading"), containing some 2,000 passages translated into Czech. "Laciná knihovna národní" was a series of affordable but quality books from Czech authors. Otto also published collections of several authors, Brehm's Life of Animals, and literary newspapers such as Lumír, Zlatá Praha and Světozor. Otto was active in social and political life of Prague society (in 1912 he was named member of upper chamber of regional parliament).

</doc>
<doc id="2877676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877676" title="Instant Karma">
Instant Karma

Instant Karma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2877687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877687" title="Goat Rocks Wilderness">
Goat Rocks Wilderness

Goat Rocks Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area in Washington, United States. Consisting of portions of Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest and Gifford Pinchot National Forest on the crest of the Cascade Range south of U.S. Highway 12, its central feature is a number of rugged peaks, the Goat Rocks, that are named after the numerous mountain goats that live in the area.
Extinct for some two million years, a volcano with an elevation of once dominated this landscape. The eroded remnant of this volcano consists of rugged peaks that average over elevation. The highest point among them is Gilbert Peak, at with a prominence of . On the shaded northern slopes of the major peaks are the Packwood, McCall, Conrad and Meade Glaciers. The wilderness is drained by the North and South Forks of the Tieton, Cispus, and Cowlitz Rivers and their tributaries. The lowest point in the wilderness is near Packwood Lake at 2,920 feet (890 m).
The wilderness values of this area were first recognized on February 13, 1931, when approximately 44,500 acres (180 km2) were dedicated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, as the Goat Rocks Primitive Area. In 1935, this was expanded to 72,440 acres (293 km2). In 1940, the area was increased to 82,680 acres (335 km2) and designated the Goat Rocks Wild Area by the Chief of the Forest Service.
When Congress passed the Wilderness Act on September 3, 1964, this Wild Area became a Wilderness, part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. Congress added additional area in 1984. Forest Service management is designated to preserve and enhance the wild character of the Wilderness while providing for public use and enjoyment.
The Pacific Crest Trail (PCT), stretching from Canada to Mexico, passes through the Goat Rocks. The Washington State portion of this trail was formerly known as the Washington Cascade Crest Trail completed in 1935. In 1968, it was designated as part of the PCT by the National Trail System Act. The Yakama Indian Reservation, bordering the Goat rocks Wilderness on the southeast side, is closed to the general public except for the Pacific Crest Trail route.

</doc>
<doc id="2877691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877691" title="Lori Bryant-Woolridge">
Lori Bryant-Woolridge

Lori Bryant-Woolridge (born May 25, 1958) is a Chinese-American/African-American author in the chick-lit genre.
Writing career.
Bryant-Woolridge made her debut as a novelist in 1999 when she published the novel "Read Between the Lies". The book went on to become a best-seller, and in 2000 was nominated for a Golden Pen Award for Best Contemporary Fiction. Her second novel, "Hitts & Mrs.", was published in 2004, and made the Essence Magazine bestseller list. Bryant-Woolridge's latest novel "Weapons of Mass Seduction" was published in April 2007.
"The Power of WOW", subtitled "A Guide to Unleashing the Confident, Sexy You" (a non-fiction, self-help book) was published July 2011. "Woolridge comes on like Judith Krantz with a social conscience." : Publishers Weekly.
Bryant-Woolridge has also contributed to several anthologies, such as "Gumbo: A Celebration of African-American Writing" (Harlem Moon, 2002), and "Brown Sugar 3: Opposites Attract" (Washington Square, 2004).
In the Spring of 2005, Bryant-Woolridge co-founded the Femme Fantastik Literary Tour, a book tour dedicated to showcasing the work of female authors of color.
Broadcasting Career and Emmy Win.
Bryant-Woolridge spent her early career in various television production and management roles at the ABC Television Network, Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), and Black Entertainment Television (BET). In 1983, Bryant-Woolridge was honored with the Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Writing.
Biography.
Lori Anne Bryant-Woolridge was born in the San Francisco Bay Area to a bi-racial father, Brig. Gen Albert Bryant Sr., and bi-racial Asian mother, RN Mable Lun. She was raised in both California and a suburb of Washington, DC. She attended Kennedy High School and graduated from the University of Maryland, CP. She is sister to US Army Brigadier General Albert Bryant Jr. Bryant-Woolridge currently has a nephew on active duty in the Army, who recently completed a third tour in Iraq and is serving a fourth. (The Femme Fantastik Tour was founded as a tour of US military bases.)
She currently resides in New Jersey with her husband and two children, a son who attended Wesleyan University and a daughter that is attending the University of Maryland, College Park.
She is the co-founder of Mothers Off Duty, a non-profit women's organization committed to aiding in the prevention of teen pregnancy and the promotion of continued education and parental responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="2877696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877696" title="Quebecair">
Quebecair

Quebecair was a Canadian airline that operated from 1947 until 1986. Quebecair was headquartered in Saint-Laurent, Quebec, now a part of Montreal.
Company history.
Early years.
Quebecair began as Rimouski Airlines in 1947 and flew under that name until it merged with Gulf Aviation in 1953 under the name Quebec-Air. The aircraft in operation at the time were the Beech 18, the de Havilland Canada DHC-2 Beaver and the Douglas DC-3. Operations were mainly based in Quebec and Montreal was added in 1957. Eventually the latter city became the operating base for Quebecair.
In 1958 a fire in a hangar destroyed three DC-3s and Fairchild F-27 turboprop aircraft were then purchased to replace the destroyed aircraft. The F-27 propjets proved to be very successful. As operations increased, the company introduced a new, larger aircraft in the form of the Convair CV-540 turboprop, which were put on the main route between Montreal and Quebec. In later years, Quebecair also operated the Convair 580 turboprop. 
During the 1960s, the company took over various other airlines, namely Matane Air Service and Northern Wings in 1965, Fecteau Air Service in 1968, and Royale Air in 1969. The increase in operations brought the introduction of the first jet aircraft, the British Aircraft Corp. BAC One-Eleven, which were put into use on the Montreal - Toronto route in 1969. 
The later years.
The company took over "Air Gaspé" in 1973 and acquired more northern routes. In 1974 it bought two Boeing 707s for charter work and also Boeing 727 aircraft. It conducted charter flights to destinations in Florida, the Caribbean, Europe and Hawaii. Charter flights were discontinued in 1979 and the 707s were sold off. According to the November 1979 Official Airline Guide (OAG), Quebecair did operate the Boeing 727-100 jetliner in scheduled passenger operations between Montreal, Quebec City and other destinations in Quebec province.
By 1981 the financial conditions in Quebecair had become difficult. All aircraft models except for the Fairchild F-27 turboprops and BAC One-Eleven jets were sold. This was a difficult time for Quebecair and other airlines. It did not introduce the Boeing 737-200 until 1983 when the new type replaced the BAC 1-11s. In 1984 Quebecair leased a couple of Douglas DC-8-63s for transatlantic charter flights, but those did not last very long. According to the October 1985 Quebecair timetable, the airline was operating scheduled passenger flights on two international routes, being Montreal-Boston and Quebec City-New York City.
1985 was a very difficult year for Quebecair as the airline industry in Canada was restructuring. The financial situation at the carrier forced the Quebec government (which had owned the airline for a several years) to sell the company to CP Air in July 1986. In continuing consolidation involving several other Canadian air carriers, notably Pacific Western, CP Air then became Canadian Airlines in 1987.
Cities Served.
The 1980 route map shows the following destinations being served:
And in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2877700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877700" title="Scurrilous">
Scurrilous

Scurrilous is the third studio album by Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero. It was released on March 22, 2011 on Vagrant Records in the US and Underground Operations in Canada. The word "scurrilous" is defined as "vulgar verbal abuse; foul-mouthed; coarse, vulgar, abusive, or slanderous."
It is the last album released under Protest the Hero's original lineup, due to the departure of drummer Moe Carlson two years later.
Overview.
Recording for Scurrilous began on August 30, 2010. Walker stated on his Twitter page on that day: "it has begun" and also on his Facebook page on the 31st that "It is underway", both in reference to the band's next full length album recording. During the recording process, Protest the Hero posted three studio updates showcasing bass, drums, guitar and vocals. The band has stated that the album will contain a more "progressive" sound compared to their last two albums.
In support of the album, Protest the Hero embarked on a North American tour, with a large number of dates in their native Canada, from March to May 2011.
The band released the first single "C'est La Vie" on February 3, 2011.
Cover art.
The album cover is a picture of a 60-year-old painting by bassist Arif Mirabdolbaghi's grandfather, Jafar Petgar, titled "Scurrilous". The painting was inspired by a disagreement between Petgar and his wife that stemmed from "conjecture and scurrilous lies" being spread by a neighbor. The painting is meant to represent the world fleeing from the lies originating from the human tongue. According to Mirabdolbaghi, the piece was selected by Protest the Hero as the cover art for "Scurrilous" because they "thought the wide and varied use of color in the piece reflected the contrasting sonic landscapes of the music on the album."
Reception.
Critical reception for "Scurrilous" has generally been positive, with the album receiving four out of five stars from Allmusic, who lauded the band for its shift toward more personal lyrics. Adam Thomas of Sputnikmusic found the album to be "a lot less jarring when compared to their past work, with the transitions between the light speed arpeggio runs, tight modern metal riffing, and mathy stop start sections seamlessly binding it all together." However, "Decibel" magazine gave the album a five out of ten.
Track listing.
All music by Protest the Hero
Personnel.
Protest the Hero
Guest musicians
Artwork and packaging
Production and recording

</doc>
<doc id="2877703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877703" title="Armand Eloi">
Armand Eloi

Armand Éloi (born 29 August 1962 in Liège) a Belgian actor and director. He graduated in the ENSATT (school of la rue Blanche) and has created, together with the scenographer Emmanuelle Sage, the "Théâtre du Passeur".
Works.
Roles in file, television and theater:

</doc>
<doc id="2877704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877704" title="Timothy Taylor (writer)">
Timothy Taylor (writer)

Timothy Taylor (born 1963) is a Canadian novelist and short story writer. "The Blue Light Project", his most recent novel, was published in 2011.
Born in Venezuela, he was raised in West Vancouver, British Columbia and Edmonton, Alberta. Taylor attended the University of Alberta and Queen's University, and lived for some years in Toronto, Ontario. In 1987 he returned to British Columbia. Taylor currently resides in Vancouver.
Taylor's short story "Doves of Townsend" won the Journey Prize in 2000. He had two other stories on the competition's final shortlist that year, and is to date the only writer ever to have three short stories compete for the prize in the same year. He subsequently served as a judge for the 2003 award.
His debut novel, "Stanley Park", nominated for the Giller Prize and chosen to be the 2004 One Book, One Vancouver, was followed by "Silent Cruise", a collection of eight stories and one novella.
"Stanley Park" was selected for the 2007 edition of "Canada Reads", where it was championed by Jim Cuddy.

</doc>
<doc id="2877705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877705" title="Anna Schwartz">
Anna Schwartz

Anna Jacobson Schwartz (November 11, 1915 – June 21, 2012) was an American economist at the National Bureau of Economic Research in New York City, and according to Paul Krugman "one of the world's greatest monetary scholars". She was best known for her collaboration with Milton Friedman on "A Monetary History of the United States, 1867–1960", published in 1963, which laid a large portion of the blame for the Great Depression at the door of the Federal Reserve System. She was president of the Western Economic Association International in 1988.
Early life and education.
Anna Schwartz was born on November 11, 1915 in New York City to Pauline ("née" Shainmark) and Hillel Jacobson. She graduated from Barnard College at the age of 18 and gained her master's degree in economics from Columbia University in 1935, when she was 19. She started her career as a professional economist one year later. In 1936, she married Isaac Schwartz, with whom she raised four children. Her first published paper was in the "Review of Economics and Statistics" (1940), in which she, along with Arthur Gayer and Isaiah Finkelstein, wrote "British Share Prices, 1811–1850". She earned her Ph.D. from Columbia in 1964.
National Bureau of Economic Research.
In 1941, she joined the staff of the National Bureau of Economic Research. She worked in the New York City office of that organization from then right up to the time of her death. When she joined the National Bureau, it was engaged in the study of business cycles. Though she held teaching positions for only a short part of her career, she developed younger scholars by her willingness to work with them and to share her approach, a scrupulous examination of the past, so as both to understand it better and to draw lessons for the present.
"Growth and Fluctuations in the British Economy".
In collaboration with Arthur Gayer and Walt Whitman Rostow, she produced the monumental "Growth and Fluctuations in the British Economy, 1790–1850: An Historical, Statistical, and Theoretical Study of Britain's Economic Development". It appeared in two volumes in 1953, its publication having been delayed by the war for some ten years after it was completed. That book is still highly regarded among economic scholars of the period. It was reprinted in 1975. Arthur Gayer had died before the book's first appearance, but the other two authors wrote a new introduction that reviewed literature on the subject published since the original publication date. They admitted that there had developed what they called an "amicable divergence of view" on the interpretation of some the facts set out in the book. In particular, Anna Schwartz indicated that she had in the light of recent theoretical and empirical research revised her view of the importance of monetary policy and her interpretation of interest rate movements.
Research with Milton Friedman.
Years before her first book was reprinted, another economist had joined what might be called the Schwartz team of co-authors. Prompted by Arthur F. Burns, then at Columbia University and the National Bureau, subsequently Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, she and Milton Friedman teamed up to examine the role of money in the business cycle. Their first publication was "A Monetary History of the United States, 1867–1960", which hypothesized that changes in monetary policy have had large effects on the economy, and laid a large portion of the blame for the Great Depression at the door of the Federal Reserve System. The book was published in 1963, along with the equally famous article, "Money and Business Cycles", which as with her first paper was published in the "Review of Economics and Statistics". They also wrote the books "Monetary Statistics of the United States" in 1970 and "Monetary Trends in the United States and the United Kingdom: Their Relation to Income, Prices, and Interest Rates, 1867–1975" in 1982. 
Financial regulation.
She changed her opinion regarding financial regulation. Economists, bankers, and policy makers have been and are concerned with the stability of the financial system. Schwartz, in a series of studies in the 1970s and 1980s, emphasized that price level stability is essential for financial system stability. Drawing on evidence from over two centuries, she demonstrated that such failures do not have major consequences for the economy so long as their effects are prevented from spreading through the financial system. Individual institutions should be allowed to fail, not supported with taxpayer's money.
Other areas of work.
There have been other areas of her work including the international transmission of inflation and of business cycles, the role of government in monetary policy, measuring the output of banks, and the behavior of interest rates, on deflation, on monetary standards. She has also done work outside of the United States. Some years ago the Department of Banking and Finance at City University, London, England, started a research project on the monetary history of the United Kingdom. For many years, she was an adviser to that project. She commented on papers, suggested lines of approach, came and spoke to students and at academic conferences where the work was discussed.
Later career work.
In 2002–2003 she served as president of the International Atlantic Economic Society. After 2007, she concentrated her efforts on researching U.S. official intervention in the foreign exchange market using Federal Reserve data from 1962. She was not afraid to speak out with respect to the financial crisis of the first decade of the 21st century, and criticize the government's response to it. She also addressed a critique of Milton Friedman by Paul Krugman.
Death.
Anna Schwartz died on June 21, 2012, in her home in Manhattan, aged 96. She was survived by four children: Jonathan, Joel, Naomi Pasachoff and Paula Berggren, as well as seven grandchildren, and six great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="2877722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877722" title="WXTL">
WXTL

WXTL is a classic rock station in Syracuse, New York branded as "The Rebel". It broadcasts on FM frequency 105.9 MHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
History.
For most of the 2000s, WLTI was branded as "Lite 105.9" or "Lite Rock 105.9" and had an adult contemporary music format that varied between "soft AC" (during the Lite years) and "hot AC" (during the later "Lite Rock" period). Programming during this period included Dave Allen (mornings during the "Lite" period), Robin Marshall (under the alias "Jayne," middays), Phil Spevak (under the alias "Brian Phillips," afternoons), Bob and Sheri (mornings during the "Lite Rock" time period), Delilah (evenings), and the "Irish Power Hour," a brokered program dedicated to Celtic rock. Delilah is now on WYYY (WYYY owner Clear Channel also syndicates Delilah). The Irish Power Hour, originally staying on WXTL for about a year after changing to a talk format, moved to WAQX (a rock station) in February 2011; as of 2014, that show is now on WTKW and WOUR.
On January 6, 2012, following yet another stunt of "TV 105.9", the station switched to classic rock as "The Rebel" with "The Bob & Tom Show" continuing in mornings. 

</doc>
<doc id="2877724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877724" title="Gail Borden">
Gail Borden

Gail Borden, Jr. (November 9, 1801 – January 11, 1874), was a native New Yorker who settled in Texas in 1829, where he worked as a land surveyor, newspaper publisher, and inventor; he is most known as the developer of condensed milk in 1853. Borden co-plotted the cities of Houston and Galveston in 1836. Having returned to the New York area to market another product, he set up factories for condensed milk in Connecticut, and later in New York and Illinois. Demand was high for his product by the Union Army during the American Civil War. His New York Condensed Milk Company changed its name to Borden after his death.
Early years.
Gail Borden, Jr. was born in Norwich, New York on 9 November 1801 to Gail Borden, a pioneer and landowner, and his wife Philadelphia Wheeler. The details of his childhood are unclear but he moved twice with his family while growing up, first to Kennedy’s Ferry, Kentucky (renamed as Covington in 1814), and in 1816 to New London, Indiana. Borden received his only formal schooling in Indiana, attending school during 1816 and 1817 to learn the art of surveying.
In 1822 Borden set out with his brother, Thomas. They intended to move to New Orleans but settled in Amite County, Mississippi. Borden stayed in Liberty for seven years. He worked as the county surveyor and as a schoolteacher in Bates and Zion Hill. He was well known around town for running rather than walking to school every morning.
While living in Mississippi, Borden met Penelope Mercer, whom he married in 1828. The couple had five children during their sixteen-year marriage.
Migration to Texas.
Borden and his family left Mississippi in 1829 and moved to Texas, following his brother John Borden and parents. Thomas also settled in Texas. As a surveyor, Borden plotted the towns of Houston and Galveston. He collaborated on drawing the first topographical map of Texas in 1835.
Telegraph and Texas Register.
In February 1835, Gail and his brother John Borden entered into partnership with Joseph Baker to publish a newspaper. Although none of the three had any previous printing experience, Baker was considered "one of the best informed men in the colony on the Texas-Mexican situation". The men based their newspaper in San Felipe de Austin, which was centrally located among the colonies in eastern Texas. The first issue of the "Telegraph and Texas Register" appeared on October 10, 1835, days after the Texas Revolution began. As editor, Gail Borden worked to be objective, avoiding blatantly biased or partisan opinions unless a counterpart was also provided.
Soon after the newspaper began publishing, John Borden left to join the Texian Army and his brother Thomas took his place as Borden's partner. Historian Eugene C. Barker describes the paper as "an invaluable repository of public documents during this critical period of the state's history".
As the Mexican army moved east into the colonies, the "Telegraph" was soon the only newspaper in Texas still in operation. Their twenty-first issue was published on March 24. This contained the first list of names of Texans who died at the Battle of the Alamo. 
On March 27, the Texas Army reached San Felipe, carrying word that the Mexican advance guard was approaching. According to a later editorial in the "Telegraph", the publishers were "the last to consent to move". The Bordens dismantled the printing press and brought it with them as they evacuated with the rear guard on March 30. The Bordens retreated to Harrisburg. On April 14, as they were in the process of printing a new issue, Mexican soldiers arrived and seized the press. The soldiers threw the type and press into Buffalo Bayou and arrested the Bordens. The Texas Revolution ended days later.
Lacking funds to replace his equipment, Borden mortgaged his land to buy a new printing press in Cincinnati. The twenty-third issue of the "Telegraph" was published in Columbia on August 2, 1836. Although many had expected Columbia to be the new capital, the 1st Texas Congress instead chose the new city of Houston. Borden relocated to Houston, and published the first Houston issue of his paper on May 2, 1837.
The newspaper was in financial difficulty, as the Bordens rarely paid their bills. In March 1837, Thomas Borden sold his interest in the enterprise to Francis W. Moore, Jr., who took over as chief editor. Three months later, Gail Borden transferred his shares to Jacob W. Cruger.
Political career and early Inventions.
In Texas, Borden found a new calling of politics. He was a delegate at the Convention of 1833 where he assisted in writing early drafts of a Republic of Texas constitution. He also shared administrative duties with Samuel M. Williams during 1833 and 1834 when Stephen F. Austin was away in Mexico.
President Sam Houston appointed Borden as the Republic of Texas Collector of Customs at Galveston in June 1837. He was popular and performed his job well, raising half of the government income during this period through his collection on importations. Houston's successor to the presidency, Mirabeau B. Lamar, removed Borden from office in December 1838, replacing him in the patronage position with a lifelong friend from Mobile, Alabama, Dr. Willis Roberts, newly arrived in Texas. Roberts' son later was appointed Secretary of State of the Republic. Lamar was said to have known Roberts for 25 years. However, Borden had been so well liked that the newcomer was resented. The "Galveston News" frequently criticized the new regime about malfeasance.
When a shortage of funds came to light, Roberts offered to put up several personal houses and nine slaves as collateral until the matter could be settled. It was later determined that two resentful desk clerks had been embezzling funds, but this came too late for the doctor, who lasted in the job only until December 1839. Lamar appointed another man of his choice.
After Houston was re-elected to the presidency, he re-appointed Borden to the post, and the publisher served December 1841 to April 1843. He finally resigned after a dispute with Houston.
Borden had since turned his attention to real estate matters. He found a position at the Galveston City Company, where he served for twelve years as a secretary and agent. During that period, he helped sell 2,500 lots of land, for a total of $1,500,000.
During these years, he began to experiment with disease cures and mechanics. His wife Penelope died of yellow fever on September 5, 1844. It caused frequent epidemics and had a high rate of fatalities during the 19th century. Borden began experimenting with finding a cure to the disease via refrigeration. He also developed an unsuccessful prototype for a terraqueous machine. This was a sail-powered wagon designed to travel over land and sea, which he completed in 1848.
By 1849, Borden was concentrating on developing a condensed beef-broth and flour mixture, which could be stored at room temperature. As American migration increased across the Great Plains, Borden had thought to develop an alternative food supply that could be readily transported. He marketed his product as a beef biscuit pemmican.
In this period, he met and married his second wife A.F. Stearns.
Borden immediately got to work marketing his new beef biscuit; in 1850, it was endorsed by the U.S. Army. He sold the product to Dr. Elisha Kane for use on his Arctic expeditions in the 1850s, the Second Grinnell Expedition. The meat biscuit was unique as it would not spoil, so could be easily transported across land or sea. In 1851, Borden travelled to England to attend the Great Council Exhibition in London, where his beef biscuit won a gold medal. He was elected as an honorary member of the London Society of Arts.
These early successes inspired Borden to leave Texas for New York City in hopes of successfully marketing the beef biscuit to a wide audience. His efforts, however, proved unsuccessful, and left him almost completely broke. A common criticism about Borden is that he did not wait for the demand to grow for his food products but tried to create demand. While marketing the beef biscuit, he had also been working on a process for condensing milk through a vacuum, to produce pure, long-lasting condensed milk.
Meat biscuits.
About 1849, Borden's attention was drawn to the need of pioneers migrating across the Great Plains for food supplies that were readily transportable and could endure the harsh conditions. his attention was drawn to the need of more suitable supplies for settlers crossing the plains, and after some experimenting he produced the "pemmican", which Elisha Kane carried with him on the Second Grinnell Expedition. The "meat biscuit", a simple, economical, and efficient form of portable concentrated food, was invented by Borden. This article gained for him the Great Council Medal at the 1852 London World's Fair, and Meeting with opposition from the army contractors, he was unsuccessful in the manufacture of his biscuit, and lost his entire means.
Condensed milk.
In 1856, after three years of refining his model, Borden received the patent for his process of condensing milk by vacuum. At that time he abandoned the meat biscuit, to focus on his new product. Having lost so much money in his beef biscuit endeavors, Borden was forced to recruit partners in order to begin production and marketing of this new product. He offered Thomas Green 3/8 of his patent rights and gave James Bridge 1/4 interest on his investment; together the three men built a condensery in Wolcottville, Connecticut (within modern-day Torrington), which opened in 1856. Green and Bridge were eager for profits and when the factory was not immediately successful, they withdrew their support; it closed within a year.
But, Borden persuaded them and a third investor, Reuel Williams, to build a new factory, this time in Burrville, Connecticut (also within modern-day Torrington), which opened in 1857. This second factory was hurt by the Panic of 1857 and had trouble turning a profit. The following year Borden’s fortunes began to change when he met Jeremiah Milbank, a financier from New York, on a train. Milbank was impressed by Borden’s enthusiasm for and confidence in condensed milk, and the two became 50/50 partners. Together they founded the New York Condensed Milk Company. As a railroad magnate and banker, Milbank understood large-scale finance, which was critical to development of the business and Borden’s success (Frantz 128). Milbank invested around $100,000 into Borden’s business. When Milbank died in 1884, the market value of his holdings was estimated at around $8,000,000.
With the founding of the New York Condensed Milk Company, sales of Borden’s condensed milk began to improve. The outbreak of the Civil War in 1861 soon after created a large demand for condensed milk from the Union Army. In 1861, Borden closed the factory in Burrville, opening the first of what would be many condensed milk factories in upstate New York and Illinois.
Around this same time, Borden married his third wife Emeline Eunice Eno Church.
As the Civil War continued, he expanded his New York Condensed Milk Company quickly to meet the growing demand. Many new factories were built and licenses were granted to individuals to begin producing condensed milk in their own factories using Borden’s Patent. Despite the quick growth of the company, Borden put a high value on sanitation. He developed cleanliness practices that continue to be used in the production of condensed milk to this day. While all of this rapid growth was occurring, Borden continued to experiment with the condensing of meat, tea, coffee, and cocoa, and in 1862 while operating a factory in Amenia, New York, he patented the condensing of juice from fruits, such as apples and grapes. Borden tried to incorporate these other products into the line of the New York Condensed Milk Company but the greatest demand was always for milk. It continued as the company's major product.
Later years.
Borden died in 1874 in Borden in Colorado County, Texas. His body was shipped by private car to New York City to be buried in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Genealogy.
Borden was distantly related to Robert Borden (1854–1937), Canada's Prime Minister during World War I. One of his great-grandchildren was Gail Borden, an American figure skater in the 1936 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2877728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877728" title="Kyle Pruett">
Kyle Pruett

Dr. Kyle D. Pruett M.D. is an author of books and columns on parenting, and is a professor of Child Psychiatry at Yale University. This researcher and practicing psychiatrist was the host of the TV series "Your Child Six to Twelve with Dr. Kyle Pruett". He has contributed to "Good Housekeeping", "Child", and "The New York Times". He has appeared as a guest on "Good Morning America", "Oprah", "CBS This Morning", and National Public Radio.
Controversies.
Dr. Pruett has rebutted the use of his work by various opponents of same-sex marriage, saying that such usage distorted his work or was an exercise in cherry-picking.

</doc>
<doc id="2877733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877733" title="1959 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1959 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 1st Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Bangkok, Thailand from 12 December - 17 December 1959. Cambodia, one of the six founding members of the SEAP Games Federation, did not compete in the inaugural SEAP Games.
Medal count.
¹ 

</doc>
<doc id="2877736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877736" title="Stanisław Gomułka">
Stanisław Gomułka

Stanisław Gomułka (b. 10 September 1940, Krężoły, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship) is a Polish economist, former advisor to the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Poland, and a reader in Economics at the London School of Economics up to 2005.
His research interests are in the fields of comparative economic systems; reforms and post-communist transition, especially Poland and the former USSR; endogenous economic growth; economics of technological change; trade and financial relations between East and West; privatisation and analysis of the behaviour of enterprises in Central Europe, the former USSR and China.

</doc>
<doc id="2877742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877742" title="Ray Slijngaard">
Ray Slijngaard

Raymond Slijngaard is a Dutch singer and musician best known as the front person of the duo 2 Unlimited.
Personal life.
Raymond Lothar Slijngaard was born in Amsterdam to Lothar and Ingrid Slijngaard. In his early career, Ray was a chef while dreaming of becoming a rap star—singling out Snoop Dogg as his favourite at the time.
Ray has one son called Rayvano with Hortence Gooding. Ray currently lives in Germany, but is still an avid and keen supporter of AFC Ajax.
Music career.
2 Unlimited (1991-1996).
2 Unlimited is a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by two Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.
In the early 1990s, Ray, (the soon-to-become techno-rapper of 2 Unlimited) had been asked to write rap lyrics for a tune written by Belgian producers J.P. de Coster and Phil Wilde. Ray also wrote a chorus to be sung by a female vocalist, for which he asked Anita Doth to sing the lyrics. The demo was presented to de Coster and Wilde, leading to Ray joining 2 Unlimited, and "Get Ready for This" was produced as their first single. It became a big hit, and was used in sporting events and movies.
Ray sang the rap for their songs; however there was successful single, "Nothing Like the Rain", where he had very little input. The band became an instant success in Europe and throughout the world. Their hits included songs such as "Maximum Overdrive", "No Limit", "Tribal Dance", "The Real Thing", "Twilight Zone" and "Workaholic".
During his time with 2 Unlimited, Ray was famous for his original hairstyle, keeping the rest of his head shaved, leaving only a few dreadlocks on top of his forehead. As a new single was released, the title was often shaved into the remainder of his hair.
After sixteen music videos, forty-five songs, and four albums, the group split up in 1996.
After 2 Unlimited (1996-2009).
After 2 Unlimited broke up in 1996, Ray turned his attention more to his own record company, called X-Ray Records/Rayvano Productions, named after his son. He also released a singles during 1997 called "3x a Day".
In 1999, Ray teamed up with rapper Marvin D. to form a new rap-group called VIP Allstars. They achieved some success in the summer of 1999 called with a track titled "Mamacita".
In 2003, Ray worked on a brand new project called Legends. He teamed up with Herman Rarebell of The Scorpions to release a single called Eye of the Tiger. Then in 2007, Ray did a tour across South America. Apart from the 2 unlimited hits, he also sung some unreleased tracks, such as Arabesque, Round And Round and Dance With Me.
2 Unlimited Comeback (2009-Present).
Ray and his former 2 Unlimited colleague, Anita Doth, reunited on 11 April 2009, to perform together for the first time in 13 years at the "I love the 90s" concert in Hasselt, Belgium. Further gigs followed on 30 April at the Radio 538 Queen's Day concert at Museumplein in Amsterdam, and as support act for Milk Inc at the Sportpaleis in Antwerp on 25 September.
Performing under the name Ray & Anita, it was confirmed on 29 December that the duo would release a new single together in 2010 titled "In Da Name Of Love". Jean-Paul DeCoster is thought to have denied permission for them to use the name "2 Unlimited", as he still owns the rights to the brand.
On 11 July 2012, it was announced that Ray and Anita will be working again with the Belgian producer, De Coster under the name 2 Unlimited.

</doc>
<doc id="2877744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877744" title="Tyr (Forgotten Realms)">
Tyr (Forgotten Realms)

Tyr ( ) is the Faerûnian deity of Law and Justice in Ed Greenwood's "Forgotten Realms" campaign setting of the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, specifically the fictional world of Abeir-Toril. His dogma is primarily concerned with the punishment of wrong-doers, and the general furthering of Law and Good in the world.
Publication history.
Ed Greenwood created Tyr for his home Dungeons & Dragons game, inspired by the Norse deity of the same name, set in Greenwood's Forgotten Realms world. Greenwood used the original "Deities & Demigods" book's version of Tyr, removing the war aspect from his portfolio.
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 1st edition (1977-1988).
Tyr first appeared within Dungeons & Dragons as one of the deities featured in Ed Greenwood's article "Down-to-earth Divinity" in "Dragon" #54 (October 1981). Tyr is introduced as Grimjaws, Tyr the Even-handed, god of justice, a lawful good greater god of the plane of the Seven Heavens. The article states that "the belief in justice through (benevolent) force, or at least armed vigilance, is the reason for Tyr’s existence." Tyr's allegiances are also defined: "Torm and Ilmater serve Tyr, and worshippers and priests do the will of this Triad willingly." Tyr is commonly worshipped by lawful good paladins, fighters, magic-users, illusionists, thieves, monks, and clerics, as well as characters employed as sages.
Tyr later officially appeared as one of the major deities for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting, in the "Forgotten Realms Campaign Set"'s "Cyclopedia of the Realms" booklet (1987).
Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989-1999).
Tyr was described in the hardback "Forgotten Realms Adventures" (1990), the revised "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (1993) in the "Running the Realms" booklet, and "Faiths & Avatars" (1996). His clergy was further detailed in "Warriors and Priests of the Realms" (1996), and "Prayers from the Faithful" (1997).
His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996).
His relationships with the nonhuman deities in the Forgotten Realms was covered in "Demihuman Deities" (1998).
Tyr is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999).
Dungeons & Dragons 3.0 edition (2000-2002).
Tyr appears as one of the major deities of the Forgotten Realms setting again, in "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting" (2001), and is further detailed in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Dungeons & Dragons 4th edition (2008-).
According to the 4th edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide", Tyr perished defending the plane of Celestia from a massive demonic incursion. He is also described as having joined forced with Lathander and Sune to imprison Cyric for killing Mystra. Torm has taken Tyr's place as the leader of Mount Celestia.
Overview.
Tyr holds great prominence in the Faerûnian pantheon due to his position as leader of the Triad, a trio of lawful good gods that are collectively devoted to the concepts of courage, justice, perseverance, relief of suffering, duty, obedience, honor, and to some extent righteous martyrdom. Not coincidentally, these values are ones held by most paladins and any given paladin in Abeir-Toril is more likely to follow the Triad than not. The two gods who serve Tyr as part of the Triad are Ilmater, deity of healing, suffering, and martyrdom; and Torm, god of paladins and personification of courage, dutiful service, and obedience.
Tyr is blind and missing his right hand, for which he bears the title "The Maimed God." Ilmater, true to his ethos, works to teach Tyr to live with these disabilities, though in truth they are not a great hindrance in view of his power as a greater god.
History.
Tyr first came to Toril in a campaign to pacify the remnants of the fallen empire of Jhaamdath in -247 Dale Reckoning, the Year of the Striking Lance. This stroke is known as the Procession of Justice, in which the god himself appeared on Toril and personally led a host of archons and angels against the chaotic and evil forces arrayed in the remains of the fallen empire.
Ilmater aligned himself with Tyr in -243 DR (the Year of the Rack). Torm joined them to complete the Triad some years later.
Tyr lost his right hand to Kezef the Chaos Hound, and his eyes were put out by Lord Ao for questioning the Overgod's decision to punish all the deities for Bane's theft of the Tablets of Fate.
In 1384 D.R., according to "The Grand History of the Realms", Tyr kills Helm in a duel. The other deities suspect Cyric is somehow behind the situation that led Tyr and Helm to such a confrontation.
Domains.
In the latest version of the Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting, Tyr has the domains of Good, Knowledge, Retribution, Law, and War.
Favor.
To keep Tyr's favor, one must respect fallen enemies, never make sacrifice of a corpse, and keep one's alignment lawful good. Tyr considers slaying agents of evil to be honorable and worthy of the highest praise.
Orders.
Knights of Holy Judgement.
The Order of the Knights of Holy Judgement tends to attract the paladins who emphasize the "lawful" part of their dedication to Tyr.
Knights of the Merciful Sword.
The Order of the Knights of the Merciful Sword tends to attract the paladins who emphasize the "good" part of their dedication to Tyr.
Hammers of Grimjaws.
The very elite of Tyr's paladins, members of the Hammers of Grimjaws are chosen from the best of the Knights of the Merciful Sword and Knights of Holy Judgment. The choosing of the order's members is in part done by Tyr himself; as part of the process of ascending to the order's ranks, a candidate must pray and receive a vision from Tyr. A vision of Tyr's warhammer shows the god's favor and permits immediate acceptance into the order. A vision of Tyr's sword, a traditional sign of the god's disfavor of the viewer, means that the aspiring Hammer has failed in some way and must go on a quest to atone before entering the ranks of the Hammers. (This does not mean that he has lost his powers as a paladin; he simply did not meet the far more stringent requirements to become a Hammer.) A successful atonement quest allows the aspirant to join the Order as though he had seen the vision of the warhammer. Currently, only 13 Hammers are in active service, a testament to the purity and power required to become one of the order.
Trivia.
In the Second Edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting", Tyr originally came from Earth (see Tyr). This was omitted from the Third Edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting". [http://nwn.bioware.com/forums/viewtopic.html?topic=226523&forum=58&sp=15]

</doc>
<doc id="2877750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877750" title="List of palaces">
List of palaces

Canada.
Residences of provincial Lieutenant-Governors:
China.
The English word "palace" is used to translated the Chinese word 宮 (pronounced "gōng" in Mandarin). This character represents two rooms connected (呂), under a roof (宀). Originally the character applied to any residence or mansion, but starting with the Qin Dynasty (3rd century BC) it was used only for the residence of the emperor and members of the imperial family. Chinese palaces are different from post-Renaissance European palaces in the sense that they are not made up of one building only (however big and convoluted the building may be), but are in fact huge spaces surrounded by a wall and containing large separated halls (殿 diàn) for ceremonies and official business, as well as smaller buildings, galleries, courtyards, gardens, and outbuildings, more like the Roman or Carolingian "palatium."
List of Chinese imperial palaces, in chronological order.
Apart from the main imperial palace, Chinese dynasties also had several other imperial palaces in the capital city where the empress, crown prince, or other members of the imperial family dwelled. There also existed palaces outside of the capital city called "away palaces" (離宮) where the emperors resided when traveling. The habit also developed of building garden estates in the countryside surrounding the capital city, where the emperors retired at times to get away from the rigid etiquette of the imperial palace, or simply to escape from the summer heat inside their capital. This practice reached a zenith with the Qing Dynasty, whose emperors built the fabulous Imperial Gardens (御園), now known in China as the Gardens of Perfect Brightness (圓明園), and better known in English as the Old Summer Palace. The emperors of the Qing Dynasty resided and worked in the Imperial Gardens, 8 km/5 miles outside of the walls of Beijing, the Forbidden City inside Beijing being used only for formal ceremonies.
These gardens were made up of three gardens: the Garden of Perfect Brightness proper, the Garden of Eternal Spring (長春園), and the Elegant Spring Garden (綺春園); they covered a huge area of 3.5 km² (865 acres), almost 5 times the size of the Forbidden City, and 8 times the size of the Vatican City. comprising hundreds of halls, pavilions, temples, galleries, gardens, lakes, etc. Several famous landscapes of southern China had been reproduced in the Imperial Gardens, hundreds of invaluable Chinese art masterpieces and antiquities were stored in the halls, making the Imperial Gardens one of the largest museum in the world. Some unique copies of literary work and compilations were also stored inside the Imperial Gardens. In 1860, during the Second Opium War, the British and French expeditionary forces looted the Old Summer Palace. Then on October 18, 1860, in order to "punish" the imperial court, which had refused to allow Western embassies inside Beijing, the British general Lord Elgin- with protestations from the French - purposely ordered to set fire to the huge complex which burned to the ground. It took 3500 British troops to set the entire place ablaze and took three whole days to burn. The burning of the Gardens of Perfect Brightness is still a very sensitive issue in China today.
Following this cultural catastrophe, the imperial court was forced to relocate to the old and austere Forbidden City where it stayed until 1924, when the Last Emperor was expelled by a republican army. Empress dowager Cixi (慈禧太后) built the Summer Palace (頤和園 - "The Garden of Nurtured Harmony") near the Old Summer Palace, but on a much smaller scale than the Old Summer Palace. There are currently some projects in China to rebuild the Imperial Gardens, but this appears as a colossal undertaking, and no rebuilding has started yet.
More Palaces.
Some other palaces include:
Germany.
German has two contrasting words, parallel to French usage: "Schloss" which connotes a seat that is "enclosed" by walls, a fastness or keep, and "Palast", a more conscious borrowing, with the usual connotations of splendour. In practice, the "Schloss" is more likely to be a royal or ducal palace or a noble manor house. Where the "Schloss" was built on the site of a former castle ("Burg") it may still be translated as "castle". The former Holy Roman Empire, a congeries of independent territories, is filled with residences that were seats of government and had every right to be called "palaces". Even the Socialist government of the former East Germany met in the "Palast der Republik" (built in 1976).
Jordan.
Raghadan Palace, Amman. Royal Residence of the Hussein Family
Malta.
Demolished palaces:
New Zealand.
Apart from the large complex at Turangawaewae Marae located in the town of Ngaruawahia, the previous Māori Monarch Te Atairangikaahu had a home at Waahi Marae in Huntly where she lived for most of her 40 year reign with her consort Whatumoana Paki. The Māori King or Queen are required to attend 33 Poukai annually conducted at Marae loyal to the Kingitangi movement. Many of these Marae maintain residences for the Māori King or Queen for them to use during such visits.
Sweden.
Scania.
The province of Scania in southernmost Sweden is well known for its many castles. 
Turkey.
In Turkish, a palace is a Saray.
List of non-residential palaces.
Some large impressive buildings which were not meant to be residences, but are nonetheless called palaces, include:
Note, too, the French use of the word "palais" in such constructions as "palais des congrès" (convention centre) and "palais de justice" (courthouse).

</doc>
<doc id="2877751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877751" title="Beta Arae">
Beta Arae

Beta Arae (β Ara, β Arae) is the brightest star in the constellation Ara, with an apparent visual magnitude of 2.8. Parallax measurements place it at a distance of roughly from Earth.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of K3 Ib-IIa, with the luminosity class notation 'Ib-IIa' indicating that the star lies part way between a higher luminosity bright giant (IIa) and a lower luminosity supergiant (Ib). This represents two of the evolutionary stages that a massive star passes through after it has exhausted the hydrogen at its core. Beta Arae is radiating energy from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,582 K, which causes it to take on the orange hue of a K-type star. This enlarged star appears to be rotating slowly with a projected rotational velocity of about . The abundance of elements other than hydrogen and helium, what astronomer term the star's metallicity, is more than three times the abundance in the Sun.
Rarely, this star is called by the name Vasat-ül-cemre in Turkish spelling, derived from Arabic word ﻭﺳﻂ "(wasath)" and ﺟﻤﻩﺮ "(khamra)", meaning "middle of fire". In Chinese, (), meaning "Pestle", refers to an asterism consisting of β Arae, σ Arae and α Arae. Consequently, β Arae itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2877756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877756" title="Brazilian Girls">
Brazilian Girls

Brazilian Girls is a band from New York City known for their eclectic blend of electronic dance music with musical styles as diverse as tango, chanson, house, reggae and lounge (but no Brazilian rhythms at all). None of the members are actually from Brazil and the only female in the band is Sabina Sciubba. Other members include keyboardist Didi Gutman and drummer Aaron Johnston and Jesse Murphy.
The band released three studio albums: their self-titled debut on 1 February 2005, "Talk to La Bomb" in 12 September 2006, and "New York City" on 5 August 2008.
History.
The band itself formed in 2003, while rocking out at a New York club, Nublu. While playing a weekly gig, the band wrote many of the original songs that would appear on their debut album, which was eventually released in February 2005.
In 2006, the band covered Talking Heads' "Crosseyed And Painless" for the AIDS benefit album " Redux" produced by the Red Hot Organization, as well as releasing their second album, entitled "Talk to La Bomb"
Their third album, "New York City" came out in 2008. They toured through October, at which time the band took a break for Sciubba to deliver a child. The song "Good Time" off of "New York City" was featured in an ad for Amstel Light.
In 2009 the album "New York City" is nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronica Album.
On January 25, 2011, the band wrote to its fans on Facebook: "It's becoming painfully obvious the band Brazilian Girls is over. We thank you from all our heart for your loving support and all the fun we had. ... Who knows, maybe when we're old and grey we'll do a reunion tour!"
In June 2011, despite rumors of a split, Brazilian Girls collaborated with Forró in the Dark and Angélique Kidjo on the track Aquele Abraço for the Red Hot Organization's newest charitable album "Red Hot+Rio 2." Proceeds from the sales will be donated to raise awareness and money to fight AIDS/HIV and related health and social issues.
In April 2012 the band reunited, playing live shows and recording new material.
In February 2014 Sabina Sciubba releases a solo record on Bar None Records, called Toujours.

</doc>
<doc id="2877765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877765" title="TZA">
TZA

TZA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2877772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877772" title="Tkdiff">
Tkdiff

tkdiff is a graphical diff viewer based on the Tk framework. It is capable of inter-operating with source-control systems like CVS and Subversion to show the differences between the local copy and the repository version. Such a line-by-line comparison is often considered to be good software engineering practice before committing code changes.
Tkdiff distinguishes itself from many alternatives by highlighting specific differences within a line shared by both files, rather than simply indicating that the whole line differs. 
Example usage.
tkdiff can also compare two older revisions of a file, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2877773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877773" title="Fill (music)">
Fill (music)

In popular music, a fill is a short musical passage, riff, or rhythmic sound which helps to sustain the listener's attention during a break between the phrases of a melody.
A fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass, organ, or drums, or by other instruments such as strings or horns. In blues or swing-style scat singing, a fill may even be sung. In a hip-hop group, a fill may consist of rhythmic turntable scratching performed by a DJ. 
"Fills can vary as to style, length, and dynamics... most fills are simple in structure and short in duration" Each type of popular music such as funk, country, and metal has characteristic fill passages, such as short scalar licks, runs, or riffs. Musicians are expected to be able to select and perform stylistically appropriate fills from a collection of stock fills and phrases. "Although it is a small break in the pattern, the tempo is not changed at all, and in most instances the time-keeping pattern is resumed immediately after the fill...An important point to remember is that the flow of the music should not be sacrificed to the technicality of the fill."
Tradition and improvisation.
In some styles, such as jazz or jazz fusion, musicians have more freedom to improvise fill passages each time a piece or song is performed. In other styles, such as bluegrass, performers are more likely to use standard "walkup" or "walkdown" scalar passages as fills in every song. Some groups use previously composed fills as part of the identity of a song. The Eagles, for example, play the same fills each time they perform a song.
Comparison with similar techniques.
Fills are distinguished from solo breaks, which are short, often unaccompanied solo passages interpolated between sections of a song. Whereas fills are relatively unobtrusive, solo breaks such as bass runs are usually composed to draw attention to the soloist's virtuoso skills by using difficult techniques and rapid passages.
Fill passages are also distinguished from "lead" passages, in which a musical instrument becomes a melodic substitute for the singer for a substantial period, and from solos such as guitar solos.

</doc>
<doc id="2877781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877781" title="Valentino's">
Valentino's

Valentino's is a regional Italian restaurant chain based in Lincoln, Nebraska. Valentino's was founded by Val and Zena Weiler in 1957. The restaurant was purchased by two Lincoln families in 1971 and began franchising additional locations. The first carry-out store opened in 1990, and many of the full-scale restaurants converted to the “Grand Italian Buffet” concept in the early-2000s. In Lincoln, as well as other cities it is located in, Valentino's has won numerous city awards such as "Best Pizza", etc.
, Valentino's has 41 locations in Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, South Dakota, North Dakota and Minnesota. Until 1994, Valentino's had one Missouri location; this was in Saint Joseph.
Subsidiaries.
Opened The Amazing Pizza Machine in Omaha, Nebraska in 2006. The family buffet and entertainment center has been a huge success, attracting a variety of people, even from out of state. It is the Midwest's largest family entertainment center and in 2008 it was named a Nickelodeon Parent's Pick in three categories: Best Family-Friendly Restaurant, Best Indoor Playspace/Partyspace for Big Kids and Best Indoor Playspace/Partyspace for Teens. The entertainment center features arcade games, rides and other attractions—including a roller coaster, a race track, bumper cars, mini-golf and bowling. It has been named to the Best of Omaha list three years in a row. In 2007, it was recognized by the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions for their Top Family Entertainment Centers of the World awards program.
Opened a pizza-by-the-slice business in 1982 and expanded that to 45 units before selling it in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2877783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877783" title="1961 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1961 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 2nd Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Rangoon, Burma from 11 December - 16 December 1961. This was the first time all six founding members of the SEAP Games Federation competed in the biennial sports festival.
Medal count.
¹ 

</doc>
<doc id="2877787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877787" title="Alpha Arae">
Alpha Arae

Alpha Arae (α Arae, α Ara) is the second brightest star in the southern constellation of Ara. With an average apparent visual magnitude 2.93, it is readily visible to the naked eye from the southern hemisphere. This star is close enough to the Earth that its distance can be estimated using parallax data collected during the Hipparcos mission. It is around away, with a 7% margin of error. The visual magnitude of the star is diminished by 0.10 magnitudes as a result of extinction from intervening gas and dust.
Properties.
Alpha Arae has a stellar classification of B2 Vne, indicating that it is a massive B-type main sequence star. The 'n' notation in the suffix indicates that the absorption lines in the star's spectrum appear spread out and nebulous because of the Doppler effect from rapid rotation. The measured projected rotational velocity has been measured as high as . Meilland et al. (2007) estimate the pole of the star is inclined by 55° to the line of sight, yielding an equatorial azimuthal velocity of . This is close to the critical velocity where the star would start to breakup. The rapid rotation is causing a pronounced equatorial bulge of about 2.4–2.7 times the polar radius.
It is a Be star, as indicated by the 'e' notation in the star's classification. This indicates that emission lines are observed in the spectrum, which is coming from a disk of material ejected from the star because of its rapid rotation. In 2003 and 2005, Alpha Arae was observed by infrared interferometry, using the MIDI and AMBER instruments at the VLT Interferometer. The results, published in 2005 and 2007, appear to show that Alpha Arae is surrounded by a dense equatorial disk of material in Keplerian (rather than uniform) rotation, and that it is losing mass by a polar stellar wind with a terminal velocity of approximately 1,000 km/s. There is also some evidence that Alpha Arae is orbited by a companion at 0.7 AU.
This star has around 9.6 times as much mass as the Sun and an average of 4.5 times the Sun's radius. It is emitting 5,800 as much luminosity as the Sun from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of 18,044 K. This heat gives Alpha Arae the blue-white hue that is characteristic of B-type stars. It is a variable star with a magnitude that varies between 2.76m and 2.90m.
Alpha Arae has a visual companion star, "CCDM J17318-4953B", located approximately 50 arcseconds away along a position angle of 168°, with an apparent visual magnitude of about 11. The two stars appear close to each other by coincidence and are not physically close in space.
In culture.
With β and σ Ara it forms the Chinese asterism "Choo" （pinyin: chǔ, ）, "pestle" in traditional Chinese astronomy. It was the second star of "Choo" （）, but R. H. Allen used the name "Choo" for this star only. Patrick Moore lists "Choo" as a proper name for this star in his star catalogue of the constellation Ara. This name is also spelt "Tchou". There is another "Choo" in the constellation Pegasus. 
In Chinese, (), meaning "Pestle", refers to an asterism consisting of α Arae, σ Arae and β Arae. Consequently, α Arae itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2877794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877794" title="Tommy Gunn (pornographic actor)">
Tommy Gunn (pornographic actor)

Tommy Gunn (born May 13, 1967) is the stage name of a American pornographic film actor.
Biography.
Beginning his career in pornographic films in 2004, Gunn was soon recognized as the 2005 AVN Best Male Newcomer award. He likewise received the 2006 AVN Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Pirates" and a second AVN Male Performer of the Year for 2007.
He was married to porn actress Rita Faltoyano from 2005-2008. When asked during an August 2007 interview if there was a romance between him and fellow porn star Ashlynn Brooke, Gunn's reply was, "I think we are becoming something more". Gunn and Brooke have since ended their relationship.
In 2009, Gunn directed and starred in a 3-D choose-your-own-adventure movie titled "Cummin' At You 3D".
Aside from his adult career Gunn starred in a number of mainstream films and TV series, usually credited with his real name, including the TV series "Entourage" (Season 7, Episode 10: "Lose Yourself") and the 2013 horror film "Wolves", directed by David Hayter and starred by Jason Momoa.
In 2012, he also launched his own underwear line.
As of February 2012, he has appeared in 1019 porn films.
Personal life.
Gunn has a zombie-proofed van.

</doc>
<doc id="2877798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877798" title="Flag of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands">
Flag of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands

The Flag of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands was granted on 3 October 1985, when the Territory was created. Previously the Territory was a part of the Falkland Islands Dependency and used the same flag.
The new territory of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands (SGSSI) was created in 1985, as is evidenced by the letters patent and order in council that are shown in full on the South Georgia government website. Prior to 1985, the area had been administered as a dependency of the Falkland Islands. Id. The arms of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands were granted by Royal Warrant on February 14, 1992. See http://www.sgisland.gs/index.php/(g)heraldry?useskin=gov. The website of the SGSSI has a copy of the warrant, which addresses the arms only, and does not mention any flag. After the arms were granted in February of 1992, the government of SGSSI started using them on the British Blue Ensign as is customary in British dependencies. The Flag Bulletin, XXXII:2 (1993), describes the badge which was granted on 14 February 1992 to celebrate the liberation of the islands from Argentine occupation. It consists of a shield (lozengy argent and azure, on a pile vert a lion rampant or, armed and langued gules, holding a torch or, enflamed gules, and in chief two estoiles or), a reindeer crest, as supporters a fur seal and a macaroni penguin, and the motto 'Leo Terram Propriam Protegat' ('let the lion protect its own land'). 
The original flag had a smaller version of the coat-of-arms displayed in a white disc, but this was later changed to the current flag. In June 2006, the College of Arms in Newsletter No. 9, see http://www.college-of-arms.gov.uk/news-grants/newsletter/2006/item/55-june-2006-newsletter-no-9 said, "South Georgia and Sandwich Islands: the flag of this overseas territory, illustrated left, has been approved by Her Majesty and accordingly placed on record at the College of Arms, along with the flag of the commissioner of the territory. College reference: Standards 5/96, 97." The flag that is illustrated in Newsletter No. 9 shows the arms in full, without a white disc. 
The flag is a blue ensign, with the Union Flag in the canton, defaced with the coat-of-arms. The flag flies over the main government settlements on South Georgia Island, and the scientific bases of the British Antarctic Survey. 
There is also a flag to represent the Civil Commissioner of the Territory, a Union Flag defaced with the coat-of-arms. As the Civil Commissioner is also the Governor of the Falkland Islands, the flag is only in use when the Commissioner visits the Territory. The original version of the commissioner's flag just displayed the shield (escutcheon) of the full arms, but it was later changed. In June 2006, the College of Arms (in Newsletter No. 9, see http://www.college-of-arms.gov.uk/news-grants/newsletter/2006/item/55-june-2006-newsletter-no-9) said, "South Georgia and Sandwich Islands: the flag of this overseas territory, illustrated left, has been approved by Her Majesty and accordingly placed on record at the College of Arms, along with the flag of the commissioner of the territory. College reference: Standards 5/96, 97." 
See also.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2877799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877799" title="Vale of White Horse local elections">
Vale of White Horse local elections

Vale of White Horse District Council in Oxfordshire, England is elected every four years.
Political control.
Since the foundation of the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:

</doc>
<doc id="2877803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877803" title="Unit Ei 1644">
Unit Ei 1644

Unit Ei 1644 () — also known as Unit 1644 — was a laboratory and one of the water purification centers established under control of the Epidemic Prevention and Water Purification Department. It was established in 1939 in Japanese-occupied Nanking as a satellite unit of Unit 731.
An anonymous researcher who claims he was attached to Unit 1644 says that it regularly carried out human vivisections as well as infecting humans with cholera, typhus, and bubonic plague. According to Hal Gold, who included this report in the book "Unit 731 - Testimony" in 1996, this "researcher" said he would soon publish his complete testimony, but no such testimony has yet been released.

</doc>
<doc id="2877804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877804" title="Choo">
Choo

Choo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2877813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877813" title="Philly Lutaaya">
Philly Lutaaya

Philly Bongoley Lutaaya (19 October 1951 – 15 December 1989) was a Ugandan musician who was the first prominent Ugandan to give a human face to HIV/AIDS. Before dying of AIDS, Lutaaya had spent his remaining healthy time writing songs about his battle with AIDS and touring churches and schools throughout Uganda to spread a message of prevention and hope.
Philly Lutaaya was popular in Uganda in the 1960s, and in the 1970s he toured Congo, Kenya and Japan. In the mid 1980s he settled in Stockholm, Sweden. There he recorded his hit album, "Born in Africa", which is still popular in Uganda. The Nigerian-Swedish musician Dr. Alban, who has called Philly Lutaaya "one of the greatest African musicians" later released an album also named "Born in Africa".
Philly Lutaaya's Christmas Album, produced in 1986 remains his most popular album todate. The album whose songs were written in native Luganda remains part of a strong Christmas tradition in Uganda. It included classics such as "Tumusiinze", "Gloria", "Merry Christmass, Oh Happy New Year", "Azzaalidwa" and "Zukuka" among others
Awards.
In 2004, he won Lifetime Achievement Award at the Pearl of Africa Music Awards (PAM Awards
Later in 2007, various Ugandan artists came together to re-record some of Lutaya's greatest hits. Bebe Cool sang Born in Africa, Juliana Kanyomozi re-did Diana. Iryn Namubiru and Nubian Lee of "Fire Base Crew", both re-did Empisazo.
Legacy.
After his death at age 38, the Philly Lutaaya Initiative Association continued his work. With assistance from UNICEF, the Initiative sponsors lectures in schools and communities across Uganda highlighting personal testimonials of hundreds of people infected with HIV. In Uganda, 17 October is the Philly Bongoley Lutaaya Day.

</doc>
<doc id="2877820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877820" title="The Deposition from the Cross (Pontormo)">
The Deposition from the Cross (Pontormo)

The "Deposition from the Cross" is an altarpiece of the Deposition of Christ by the Italian Renaissance painter Jacopo Pontormo, completed in 1528. It is broadly considered to be the artist's surviving masterpiece. Painted in oil on wood, "The Deposition" is located above the altar of the Capponi Chapel of the church of Santa Felicita in Florence. 
Interpretation.
This painting suggests a whirling dance of the grief-stricken. They inhabit a flattened space, comprising a sculptural congregation of brightly demarcated colors. The vortex of the composition droops down towards the limp body of Jesus off center in the left. Those lowering Christ appear to demand our help in sustaining both the weight of his body (and the burden of sin Christ took on) and their grief. No Cross is visible; the natural world itself also appears to have nearly vanished: a lonely cloud and a shadowed patch of ground with a crumpled sheet provide sky and stratum for the mourners. If the sky and earth have lost color, the mourners have not; bright swathes of pink and blue envelop the pallid, limp Christ. 
Pontormo's undulating mannerist contortions have been interpreted as intending to express apoplectic and uncontrolled spasms of melancholy. The Virgin, larger than her counterparts, swoons sideways inviting the support of those behind her; the Swoon of the Virgin was a controversial moment at the time. The assembly looks completely interlocked, as if architecturally integrated. Legend has it that Pontormo set himself in self-portrait at the extreme right of the canvas; but ultimately, the most compelling and empathic figure is the crouching man in the foreground, whose expression mixes the weight of the cadaver and the weight of melancholy. 
Other works.
The Deposition from the Cross is one of the standard scenes from the life of Jesus in medieval art, and because of the complexities of the composition, it is one in which Renaissance artists continued to take a great interest. Several years prior to Pontormo's masterpiece, the Florentine painter Rosso Fiorentino had painted a more phantasmagorical and gymnastically challenged array in his crowded version of the descent from the cross, the "Deposition" of 1521.
Pontormo's grieving crowds and brightness of color also provide a stark contrast to Caravaggio's somber "Deposition from the Cross" or "Entombment" in the Vatican Pinacoteca. The "Deposition" by Raphael in the Galleria Borghese shows a later, though related scene: the "Entombment of Christ".
In addition to works of the same subject by other artists, Pontormo's own work from the time provides a useful comparison. The decoration in the dome of the Capponi chapel is now lost, but four roundels with the Evangelists still adorn the pendentives, which were painted by both Pontormo and his apprentice Bronzino. The swathed drapery in"The Visitation"[http://renaissance.mrugala.net/Pontormo%20(par%20Fontaine%20S.)/Pontormo%20-%20La%20Visitation.jpg] (1529) in the church of San Michele e Francesco at Carmignano bears a striking resemblance to that in the "Deposition". The contrapposto of the figures can be compared to Pontormo's "Annunciation" (1520s) frescoed on the adjacent wall.

</doc>
<doc id="2877821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877821" title="Peer Impact">
Peer Impact

Peer Impact was the name of a pay-for-download file-sharing service created by Wurld Media, Inc. 
As the name suggests, it utilized a peer-to-peer distribution system similar to BitTorrent to speed downloads. To compensate users for their bandwidth, Peer Impact paid out cash-credit rewards toward future purchases. Like iTunes, songs on Peer Impact cost $0.99 each. Other media was also available, including radio, video, audio books, and video games.
Peer Impact was launched by Wurld Media in August 2005 with signed digital distribution contracts with four large content providers: Sony BMG Music Entertainment, Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group, and EMI. Wurld Media is the first legally sanctioned digital distributor to sign agreements with all four of these content owners. It also had deals with NBC/Universal, 20th Century Fox, and Warner Bros. Pictures to provide video on demand content.
Although Peer Impact used a peer-to-peer architecture, it maintained centralized control of verification and authorization of downloads to ensure that only legal content was exchanged within the network. This was also important to ensure that content redistributors and copyright owners were appropriately compensated.
Wurld Media, Peer Impact's parent company, was acquired for 10 million dollars by the ROO Group on February 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2877822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877822" title="Holley Rubinsky">
Holley Rubinsky

Holley Rubinsky is a fiction writer who lives in British Columbia, Canada. Born in Los Angeles, California, she came to B.C. in 1976 with her daughter, the artist and children's book writer, Robin Ballard.
The title story of Rubinsky's first book, "Rapid Transits and Other Stories" (Polestar, 1991), won the first $10,000 Journey Prize (1989), as well as the Canadian National Magazine Awards Gold Medal for fiction and a nomination for the Western Magazines Award. "At First I Hope for Rescue" (Knopf Canada, 1997; Picador, 1998) was shortlisted for B.C.'s Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize, and was chosen for the Barnes & Noble Booksellers "Discover great new writers program". "Beyond This Point" was published by McClelland & Stewart in 2006. Her collection of short fiction, "South of Elfrida" (Brindle & Glass) was published in 2013.
From 2006-2008, Rubinsky was host of "The Writers' Show" produced by CJLY-FM, Kootenay Coop Radio, a weekly program about the process of writing and experiences in publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="2877828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877828" title="1965 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1965 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 3rd Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from 14 December - 21 December 1965. Originally to be hosted by Laos, the third edition of the games was hosted by Malaysia after the former was not able to honour its hosting commitment citing financial difficulties. Two years earlier, the third SEAP Games was cancelled as Cambodia pulled out of hosting the event due to internal strife.

</doc>
<doc id="2877829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877829" title="Spezia Calcio">
Spezia Calcio

The Spezia Calcio is an Italian football club, based in La Spezia, Liguria. Currently it plays in Serie B.
History.
Foundation.
Spezia Calcio was founded in 1906.
1944 "scudetto".
In 1944, because of the World War II the Italian football federation decided to split the top league in regional rounds. The team, named "42° Corpo dei Vigili del Fuoco della Spezia" (Firefighters of La Spezia) after a merger with the local firefighter to have a sufficient number of players, was included in Round D of Emilia-Romagna, together with Corradini Suzzara, Fidentina, Orlandi Busseto and Parma. Spezia won the round and qualified to the semi-finals, in which it challenged Suzzara, Carpi and Modena. Spezia won also this round, winning five of the six matches played, losing only to Carpi. By winning the semi-final round, Spezia was admitted to play a two-legs play-off against Bologna.
The first match, played in Bologna, was suspended because of incidents started after the 1–0 goal of Spezia, contested by the Bologna supporters; Spezia was awarded a 2–0 win because of that. The return match, scheduled to be played in La Spezia, was first moved to Carpi, because of the heavy bombings underwent by the Ligurian city in the period, then cancelled because of protest by Bologna chairman Renato Dall'Ara, so Spezia was admitted to the final without playing the return match.
The finals, held in Milan, were played against Venezia and Torino. On 9 July 1944, the first match between Spezia and Venezia was played: it ended in a 1–1 draw, commented by the Gazzetta as "surprising result".
On 16 July, Spezia challenged the Great Torino, with Vittorio Pozzo as coach and Silvio Piola as striker. The match ended in an epic 2–1 victory of Spezia. After the third match, in which Torino beat Venezia in a 5–2 win, Spezia was declared champion.
However, the Italian league of 1944 was not immediately considered as official by the Italian federation, because it was obtained during war times in a reduced league, and the only "scudetto" of Spezia was finally awarded only in 2002 by the Federation, even if not counted officially as an Italian championship triumph, but as a "decoration".
Today, Spezia remembers the 1944 triumph by playing with a tricolour badge on the team's official jersey (but different from the "Scudetto"), with the authorisation of the Football Federation.
From serie B to the bankruptcy.
In 2002, the club reached an agreement with Inter, made the club became Inter's feeder club and reserve team. The team got Goran Pandev, Aco Stojkov (now Macedonian internationals) and Alex Cordaz in the first season. In the second season, Cristian Lizzori, Luca Ceccarelli and Nicola Napolitano was signed from Inter. In 2004–05 season Spezia got Antonio Rizzo from ACF Fiorentina and Paolo Castelli from Inter..
Players likes Alex Cordaz, Riccardo Meggiorini and Paolo Hernán Dellafiore joined the team directly from Inter to boost the team in January 2005. The season ended with winning Coppa Italia Serie C. After the season, Inter sold most of the shares of Spezia.
In 2006, the team won Serie C1 champion and promoted to Serie B. With mid-season signing Guilherme do Prado, Tomás Guzmán, Corrado Colombo and the old member Massimiliano Guidetti and Nicola Santoni, Spezia survived in Serie B. But in the next season, with Isah Eliakwu, Colombo and Do Prado, the club failed to make the miracle happened twice.
In 2008, due to financial difficulty and following their relegation from Serie B, the club was forced to declare bankruptcy. In June 2011 FIGC banned numbers of former board member of old Spezia for sports fraud, namely Giuseppe Ruggeri, Cristina Cappelluti, Rocco Russo, Accursio Scorza, Piero Ausilio and Francesco Meriggi.
The refoundation.
The team was refounded in 2008 as A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008 by Gabriele Volpi the owner of water polo team of Pro Recco, winner of numerous scudetti and admitted to Serie D, thanks to "Article 52 NOIF of FIGC".
Upon promotion in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione at the end of the Serie D 2008-09 season, A.S.D. Spezia changes its denomination in the current "Spezia Calcio". Spezia finished Girone A of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione as 2nd and quaified for promotion play-offs in 2009–10 season. Spezia defeated Pavia at semifinal and Legnano at final and promoted to Girone A of Lega Pro Prima Divisione with making second consecutive promotion.
2011–12 season: triplete.
The club in the season 2011–12 obtains for the first time in Lega Pro a prestigious "triplete":
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are black and white.
Stadium.
The club's home ground is Stadio Alberto Picco.

</doc>
<doc id="2877842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877842" title="Ronnie Simpson">
Ronnie Simpson

Ronald "Ronnie" Campbell Simpson (11 October 1930 – 19 April 2004) was a Scottish football goalkeeper. He is mainly remembered for his time with Celtic, where he was one of the Lisbon Lions, the first British team to win the European Cup in 1967. Earlier in his career, Simpson had won the FA Cup twice with Newcastle United. He also played for Queen's Park, Third Lanark and Hibernian. Simpson represented Great Britain in the 1948 Olympics, but was not selected until 1967 for Scotland. His international debut was the famous 3–2 victory against England at Wembley. 
Career.
Simpson started his senior career with amateur club Queen's Park. He was first selected by their first team in 1945, aged just 14 years and 304 days. This made Simpson the youngest person to represent a Scottish league club, although it was an unofficial record due to the suspension of normal competitive football during the Second World War. Simpson represented the Scotland Youth side in a match against England Youth played on 25 October 1947 at Belle Vue, Doncaster. He was selected by Matt Busby to play for the Great Britain squad in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Great Britain finished fourth, losing a bronze medal playoff to Denmark. Simpson's performances earned him a trial with Rangers, but they did not sign him.
After completing his National Service, Simpson moved to Third Lanark in 1950. He then joined Newcastle United six months later for a fee of £8,750. He won the FA Cup twice with Newcastle, after taking over as their regular goalkeeper from Jack Fairbrother, in 1952 and 1955. After nine years and almost 300 appearances for Newcastle, Simpson returned to Scotland, with Hibernian, in 1960. His performances helped to save Hibs from relegation in 1962, but Simpson fell out of favour under the management of Jock Stein due to his attitude in training. Hibernian sold Simpson to Celtic in 1964 for £4,000.
Thought to be in the last throes of his career, Celtic signed Simpson as cover for John Fallon. This perception appeared to be confirmed when Jock Stein, who had let Simpson go as Hibernian manager, was appointed Celtic manager later in the 1964–65 season. Simpson became the first choice after Fallon was blamed for a defeat by Rangers in the 1964 Scottish League Cup Final. His sense of humour made Simpson a popular figure in the Celtic team, who nicknamed him "Faither", on account of his relative old age. The highlight of his time at Celtic was winning the 1967 European Cup Final, as part of a clean sweep of trophies in the 1966–67 season. Apart from an early save with his knees from a Sandro Mazzola header, Simpson had little to do during the match. His fancy footwork when dealing with a backpass was one of the highlights.
Simpson continued to enjoy domestic success with Celtic after the European Cup win. In all, he won four league championships, three Scottish League Cups and one Scottish Cup with the club. Simpson suffered a dislocated shoulder in 1969. Trouble with this injury forced him to miss the 1970 European Cup Final and to retire as a player that year.
Simpson also played for the Scotland national football team, making his debut in the famous 3–2 win over 1966 FIFA World Cup winners England at Wembley in 1967. He set a new record for being the oldest player to make his Scotland debut, aged 36 years and 196 days. Simpson won five full caps in total, alongside the Youth and B international caps won earlier in his career. He also represented the Scottish League once, in 1968.
Simpson was small in stature for a goalkeeper, at just 5 feet 10 inches. He compensated for this with an unorthodox style of shot-stopping, using his elbows and shoulders to block shots. Simpson also had top-class foot movement and ball distribution skills. In 2002, he was named in Celtic's greatest ever team, ahead of John Thomson and Pat Bonner.
Personal and later life.
Simpson's father Jimmy Simpson also played for Scotland, and enjoyed notable success as a centre-half for Rangers and Dundee United in the 1930s. After Simpson retired as a player, he was manager of Hamilton Academical for a year. He also served on the pools panel, which guessed results of postponed matches in periods of exceptionally bad weather. He was also a Conservative Councillor on Edinburgh City Council in the 1970s.
He died from a heart attack on 19 April 2004. Simpson was posthumously inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2877844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877844" title="Icosahedral symmetry">
Icosahedral symmetry

A regular icosahedron has 60 rotational (or orientation-preserving) symmetries, and a symmetry order of 120 including transformations that combine a reflection and a rotation. A regular dodecahedron has the same set of symmetries, since it is the dual of the icosahedron.
The set of orientation-preserving symmetries forms a group referred to as "A"5 (the alternating group on 5 letters), and the full symmetry group (including reflections) is the product "A"5 × "Z"2. The latter group is also known as the Coxeter group "H"3, and is also represented by Coxeter notation, [5,3] and Coxeter diagram .
As point group.
Apart from the two infinite series of prismatic and antiprismatic symmetry, rotational icosahedral symmetry or chiral icosahedral symmetry of chiral objects and full icosahedral symmetry or achiral icosahedral symmetry are the discrete point symmetries (or equivalently, symmetries on the sphere) with the largest symmetry groups. 
Icosahedral symmetry is "not" compatible with translational symmetry, so there are no associated crystallographic point groups or space groups.
Presentations corresponding to the above are:
These correspond to the icosahedral groups (rotational and full) being the (2,3,5) triangle groups.
The first presentation was given by William Rowan Hamilton in 1856, in his paper on icosian calculus.
Note that other presentations are possible, for instance as an alternating group (for "I").
Group structure.
The ' I""' is of order 60. The group "I" is isomorphic to "A"5, the alternating group of even permutations of five objects. This isomorphism can be realized by "I" acting on various compounds, notably the compound of five cubes (which inscribe in the dodecahedron), the compound of five octahedra, or either of the two compounds of five tetrahedra (which are enantiomorphs, and inscribe in the dodecahedron).
The group contains 5 versions of "T"h with 20 versions of "D3" (10 axes, 2 per axis), and 6 versions of "D5".
The ' Ih""' has order 120. It has "I" as normal subgroup of index 2. The group "Ih" is isomorphic to "I" × "Z"2, or "A"5 × "Z"2, with the inversion in the center corresponding to element (identity,-1), where "Z"2 is written multiplicatively.
"Ih" acts on the compound of five cubes and the compound of five octahedra, but −1 acts as the identity (as cubes and octahedra are centrally symmetric). It acts on the compound of ten tetrahedra: "I" acts on the two chiral halves (compounds of five tetrahedra), and −1 interchanges the two halves.
Notably, it does "not" act as S5, and these groups are not isomorphic; see below for details.
The group contains 10 versions of "D3d" and 6 versions of "D5d" (symmetries like antiprisms).
"I" is also isomorphic to PSL2(5), but "Ih" is not isomorphic to SL2(5).
Commonly confused groups.
The following groups all have order 120, but are not isomorphic:
They correspond to the following short exact sequences (which do not split) and product
In words,
Note that formula_6 has an exceptional irreducible 3-dimensional representation (as the icosahedral rotation group), but formula_7 does not have an irreducible 3-dimensional representation, corresponding to the full icosahedral group not being the symmetric group.
These can also be related to linear groups over the finite field with five elements, which exhibit the subgroups and covering groups directly; none of these are the full icosahedral group:
Conjugacy classes.
The conjugacy classes of "I" are:
Those of "Ih" include also each with inversion:
Subgroups of full icosahedral symmetry.
All of these classes of subgroups are conjugate (i.e., all vertex stabilizers are conjugate), and admit geometric interpretations.
Note that the stabilizer of a vertex/edge/face/polyhedron and its opposite are equal, since formula_17 is central.
Vertex stabilizers.
Stabilizers of an opposite pair of vertices can be interpreted as stabilizers of the axis they generate.
Edge stabilizers.
Stabilizers of an opposite pair of edges can be interpreted as stabilizers of the rectangle they generate.
Face stabilizers.
Stabilizers of an opposite pair of faces can be interpreted as stabilizers of the anti-prism they generate.
Polyhedron stabilizers.
For each of these, there are 5 conjugate copies, and the conjugation action gives a map, indeed an isomorphism, formula_23.
Fundamental domain.
Fundamental domains for the icosahedral rotation group and the full icosahedral group are given by:
In the disdyakis triacontahedron one full face is a fundamental domain; other solids with the same symmetry can be obtained by adjusting the orientation of the faces, e.g. flattening selected subsets of faces to combine each subset into one face, or replacing each face by multiple faces, or a curved surface.
Liquid crystals with icosahedral symmetry.
For the intermediate material phase called liquid crystals the existence of icosahedral symmetry was proposed by H. Kleinert and K. Maki 
and its structure was first analyzed in detail in that paper. See the review article here.
In aluminum, the icosahedral structure was discovered experimentally three years after this
by Dan Shechtman, which earned him the Nobel Prize in 2011.
Related geometries.
Icosahedral symmetry is equivalently the projective special linear group PSL(2,5), and is the symmetry group of the modular curve X(5), and more generally PSL(2,"p") is the symmetry group of the modular curve X("p"). The modular curve X(5) is geometrically a dodecahedron with a cusp at the center of each polygonal face, which demonstrates the symmetry group.
This geometry, and associated symmetry group, was studied by Felix Klein as the monodromy groups of a Belyi surface – a Riemann surface with a holomorphic map to the Riemann sphere, ramified only at 0, 1, and infinity (a Belyi function) – the cusps are the points lying over infinity, while the vertices and the centers of each edge lie over 0 and 1; the degree of the covering (number of sheets) equals 5.
This arose from his efforts to give a geometric setting for why icosahedral symmetry arose in the solution of the quintic equation, with the theory given in the famous ; a modern exposition is given in .
Klein's investigations continued with his discovery of order 7 and order 11 symmetries in and (and associated coverings of degree 7 and 11) and dessins d'enfants, the first yielding the Klein quartic, whose associated geometry has a tiling by 24 heptagons (with a cusp at the center of each).
Similar geometries occur for PSL(2,"n") and more general groups for other modular curves.
More exotically, there are special connections between the groups PSL(2,5) (order 60), PSL(2,7) (order 168) and PSL(2,11) (order 660), which also admit geometric interpretations – PSL(2,5) is the symmetries of the icosahedron (genus 0), PSL(2,7) of the Klein quartic (genus 3), and PSL(2,11) the buckyball surface (genus 70). These groups form a "trinity" in the sense of Vladimir Arnold, which gives a framework for the various relationships; see "trinities" for details.
There is a close relationship to other Platonic solids.

</doc>
<doc id="2877845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877845" title="A Wolf at the Door">
A Wolf at the Door

A Wolf at the Door may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2877851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877851" title="Ron Affif">
Ron Affif

Ron Affif is an American jazz guitarist (born on December 30, 1965 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) of mixed Lebanese and Italian origin. He is the son of boxing welterweight and middleweight fighter Charley Zivic who being a jazz fan initiated him in music. His mother is Marlene, sister of renowned jazz guitarist Ron Anthony. 
Affif studied with Jerry Conderata and Joe Negri before heading to the West Coast in 1983 to study under maternal uncle and musician Ron Anthony. While in Los Angeles he also took lessons from the jazz guitarist Joe Pass. He moved to New York City in late 1989, and currently lives in Brooklyn. 
In the late 1990s, he recorded five albums under the Fantasy record label, of which the best known is "52nd Street". In 1998, he formed the "Ron Affif Trio" alongside fellow musicians bassist Essiet Okon Essiet and drummer Jeff "Tain" Watts. 
Affif's style is reminiscent of Wes Montgomery and George Benson, and Benson once described Affif playing as his "favorite type of guitar player, one that plays with fire."

</doc>
<doc id="2877865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877865" title="Trade and services in Japan">
Trade and services in Japan

Japan's service industries, including trade, are the major contributor to gross national product (GNP), generating about 74.1 percent of the national totals in 2004. Moreover, services are the fastest growing sector, outperforming manufacturing. The service sector covers many diverse activities. Wholesale and retail trade was dominant, but advertising, data processing, publishing, tourism, leisure industries, entertainment, and other industries grew rapidly in the 1980s. Most service industries were small and labor-intensive but became more technologically sophisticated as computer and electronic products were incorporated by management.
Wholesale and retail.
The trade operations of wholesalers and retailers has often been denigrated by other nations as a barrier to trade, as well as being called antiquated and inefficient. Small retailers and "mom and pop" stores predominated- -in 1985 there were 1.6 million retail outlets in Japan, slightly more than the total number of retail outlets in the United States (1.5 million in 1982), even though Japan has only half the population of the United States and is smaller in size than California. Small businesses are a large voter base of the LDP and had a strong stance in government-business relations. The business situation for non-Japanese companies has improved, though, due to growing experience of foreign firms on the market and more international cooperation in the wake of globalization. The Japanese economic crisis of the 1990s helped, too. 
There were several changes in wholesaling and retailing in the 1980s. Japan's distribution system was becoming more efficient. Retail outlets and wholesale establishments both peaked in number in 1982 and then went down 5.4 percent and 3.7 percent, respectively, in 1985. The main casualties were sole proprietorships, especially mom-and-pop stores and wholesale locations with fewer than ten employees. Almost 96,000 of the 1,036,000 mom-and-pop stores in operation in 1982 were out of business three years later. Government estimates for the late 1980s show additional consolidation in both wholesale and retail sectors including a continued sharp decline in mom-and-pop store operations. A further decline in mom-and-pop stores is expected as a result of the Large-Scale Retail Store Law of 1990, which greatly reduced the power of small retailers to block the establishment of large retail stores. Soaring land prices are another major cause of the decline of mom-and-pop stores, but an even more important reason is the growth of convenience and discount stores. Discount stores are not much bigger than the traditional small shops, but their distribution networks gives them a big pricing edge. As of 2005, large chains dominate nearly every market niche be it consumer electronics (notably Yodobashi Camera) or cookies (Aunt Stellas).
In the 1980s, Japanese consumers were discovering the advantages of catalog shopping, which offered not only convenience but also greater selection and lower prices. According to a Nikkei survey, the mail-order business expanded 13 percent between April 1987 and March 1988 alone, to more than US$8.9 billion in annual sales. Specialty chains, particularly those handling men's and women's clothing, shoes, and consumer electronics, were also doing better than the overall industry. Department stores, supermarkets, and superstores (hybrid supermarket-discount stores) and other big retail operations were gaining business at the expense of small retailers, although their progress was quite slow. Between 1980 and 1988, department stores increased their share of total retail sales by only 1 percentage point to 8.4 percent. Supermarkets and superstores increased in market share from 6.5 to 7.3 percent. Between 1980 and 1988, the number of department stores grew from 325 to just 371, and other big self-service stores only increased in number by 62 units between 1984 and 1988.
The late 1990s brought a decline of the catalog mail order in favor of online shopping.
Service industries.
Among service industries, the restaurant, advertising, real estate, hotel and leisure business, and data-processing industries grew rapidly in the 1980s. The fast-food industry has been profitable for both foreign and domestic companies. By 1989 family restaurants and fast-food chains had grown into a US$138 billion business per year. Overall growth declined in the late 1980s because of the sharp rise of rents and a proliferation of restaurants in many areas. The number of hotel and guest rooms grew from 189,654 in 1981 to peak at 342,695 in 1988, and has been falling again since. 
Advertising.
Because much of the sales competition in Japan is of the nonprice variety, advertising is extremely important. Consumers have to see the suitability of products and services for their lifestyles. The intense competition for the domestic market spurs the growth of the world's largest advertising agency, Dentsu, as well as other advertisers. A lot of the advertising effort goes into brand development, as Japanese consumers are very conscious about brand names. Brands are seen as a means of identification and a guarantee for quality. The Japanese consumer market is also one of the fastest in the world, and companies are constantly struggling to come up with new products, which is also an advertisement effort.

</doc>
<doc id="2877867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877867" title="Norse Peak Wilderness">
Norse Peak Wilderness

Norse Peak Wilderness is located in central Washington in the United States. It protects the portion of the Cascade Range north of Chinook Pass (Highway 410), south of Naches Pass (Naches Trail), and east of Mt. Rainier National Park. This 50,923 acre (206.1 km2) wilderness is named for a prominent peak which overlooks Crystal Mountain Ski Area. Roughly triangular, it is about 10 miles (16 km) across and contains no roads.
Geographic features.
Norse Peak Wilderness is characterized by forested slopes and jutting volcanic peaks. The local streams flow through narrow valleys into lower elevation meadows. The topography includes broad open park-like basins at higher elevations. Elevations range from 3,000 feet (900 m) at the Greenwater River in the north to 6,856 foot (2090 m) Norse Peak in the west and 6900 foot (2100 m) Fifes Peaks, a prominent remnant volcanic cone in the east. The eastern portion is drained by tributaries of the Naches River.
The Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail follows closely the Cascade divide in the Norse Peak Wilderness. The historic Naches Pass Trail runs east and west just outside its northern boundary. Several additional trails provide access to other portions of the wilderness
Flora and fauna.
The wilderness hosts deer and elk in the basins and meadows, and a herd of goats range over the upper alpine peaks. The area is also home to cougar, coyote and black bear. It is also rumored to be home to grey wolf, though this has yet to be confirmed.
Douglas fir, western red cedar, western hemlock and pine fill the forests, and the meadows are full of a variety of lesser growth. The undergrowth of the forest is dense and also varied.
History.
The Norse Peak Wilderness was established by the 1984 Washington State Wilderness bill and is managed by the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. This area was heavily grazed by domestic sheep between 1890 and 1950. The area south of Norse Peak Wilderness within Morse Creek drainage was once known as the Summit Mining District and was a popular mineral activity area between 1885 and 1920. The placer mineral content in this area was poor but historic remains of this earlier mining activity is still evident.

</doc>
<doc id="2877870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877870" title="1967 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1967 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 4th Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Bangkok, Thailand from 9–16 December 1967. Cambodia once again declined to host this edition of the games, as it did in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="2877872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877872" title="Arturia">
Arturia

Arturia is a software company located in Grenoble, France and founded in 1999 by Frédéric Brun and Gilles Pommereuil, both INPG-qualified engineers. The company's focus is on the development of electronic music software and tools - primarily emulation of vintage analog synthesizers. 
Awards.
Arturia has won a number of awards. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="2877875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877875" title="The Financial Gazette">
The Financial Gazette

The Financial Gazette is a weekly English language newspaper published in Zimbabwe. The paper, established in 1969, focuses on business, finance, and politics throughout Southern Africa. Headquartered in Harare, the paper also maintains a bureau in Bulawayo. Its slogan is "Southern Africa's Leading Business and Financial Newspaper". Although purportedly owned independently by Zimbabwean investors, recent international press reports suggest that the paper is now controlled by the government of Zimbabwe.
"The Financial Gazette"'s distribution numbered 40,000 copies weekly in 2000, but surveys have placed readership of the printed edition at ten times that number, or 400,000 weekly. The paper's website attracts over one million hits per month, leading the publisher to claim that "The Financial Gazette" is Zimbabwe's most widely read newspaper.
Operating under the repressive regime of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, questions have arisen regarding whether "The Financial Gazette" is truly independent and able to act as a free press. While once verifiably independent, persistent rumors have circulated that Mugabe's government now owns and controls the paper, having acted in 2002 to force a sale of the paper to a governmental intelligence agency. Government sources have refused to either confirm or deny the veracity of these rumours. However as of May 2006 the newspaper continues to publish articles highly critical of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="2877879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877879" title="S.S. Teramo Calcio">
S.S. Teramo Calcio

Società Sportiva Teramo Calcio is an Italian association football club based in Teramo, Abruzzo. After securing the promotion on 6 April 2014, from the season 2014–2015 the club will play will play in Lega Pro, the third tier of the Italian Football Federation.
History.
After several seasons in Serie C1, Teramo had a difficult 2006–07 season, finishing in 15th place, a position that forced them to play in the relegation playoffs. The club lost by a two goal margin, 4–2 on aggregate to the 16th-place team, Ancona, and was thus relegated to Serie C2.
In the 2007–08 campaign, the team finished 8th in Serie C2/B, but was forced to declare bankruptcy at the end of the season.
The team was refounded for the 2008–09 season, and won the league of Promozione Abruzzo A, the seventh level of Italian football. The following year Teramo also won the Eccellenza Abruzzo, obtaining promotion to Serie D. In its first Serie D season Teramo Calcio lost the final to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione against Rimini Calcio and won the league the following year acceding directly to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. 
In its first season in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, Teramo Calcio achieved the final to Lega Pro Prima Divisione where it lost in a 2 game showdown against L'Aquila Calcio. In 2013–14 season then Teramo played in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and secured the promotion on 6 April 2014, on a home match against Arzanese. Since the new society has been refounded 6 years ago, Teramo Calcio has been promoted 4 times and has lost 2 finals.
Players.
Current squad.
"As of 7 September 2013".<br>
Notable former players.
"For a full list of former players, see Teramo Calcio players"
"This list of former players includes those who received international caps, made significant contributions to the team in terms of appearances or goals while playing for the team, or who made significant contributions to the sport either before they played for the team, or after they left. It is clearly not yet complete and all inclusive, and additions and refinements will continue to be made over time."

</doc>
<doc id="2877881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877881" title="1969 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1969 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 5th Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Rangoon, Burma from 6 December - 13 December 1969. Vietnam had reluctantly declined to host this edition because of the Vietnam War. Singapore, the youngest member of the SEAP Games Federation at the time, suggested in this edition of the games to change the name of the sports festival to the South-East Asia Games. Although it was not officially stated, the inclusion of the Philippines and Indonesia in the expanded federation was to greatly help alleviate the hosting problems, as well as to set higher and more competitive standards in the games. After hosting the 5th edition, Burma declined hosting succeeding games due to lack of financial capability.

</doc>
<doc id="2877887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877887" title="Community Security Trust">
Community Security Trust

The Community Security Trust (CST) is a British charity established in 1994 to ensure the safety and security of the Jewish community in the UK. Its inception follows a history of threats to the Jewish community in Britain, in particular to attacks on British Jews and their buildings by British Fascists from the 1930s, and to further attacks by Islamists hostile to Israel and by extension to its British supporters. The attacks in the 1930s were repelled by community action and Jewish self-defence groups, persuading many within the community that organised self-defence organisations were required because police authorities could not be expected to devote disproportionate resources to synagogues, schools and other Jewish infrastructure. The CST was the product of a similar response to Islamicist hostility from the 1980s.
The CST provides security advice and training for Jewish schools, synagogues and communal organisations and gives assistance to those bodies that are affected by antisemitism. The CST also assists and supports individual members of the Jewish community who have been affected by antisemitism and antisemitic incidents. It advises and represents the Jewish community on matters of antisemitism, terrorism and security and works with police, government and international bodies. All this work is provided at no charge.
The CST has recorded antisemitic incidents in the UK since 1994 and publishes an annual Antisemitic Incidents Report. The CST also published "Terrorist Incidents against Jewish Communities and Israeli Citizens Abroad 1968-2010", a definitive report of terrorist attacks against Jewish communities around the world.
In 2008 CST published its first "Antisemitic Discourse Report", an annual study of antisemitic discourse in mainstream media and politics in the UK. It has more recently published an advisory report on voting tactics in British elections to minimise the impact of far-right groups such as the British National Party (BNP).
The CST has five offices, 55 members of staff and a network of 3,000 volunteers from all parts of the Jewish community, who are trained by the CST and the Police. The organisation's philosophy is that the Jewish community is responsible for its own security. It works closely with Police Services around the country and is recognised by Government and Police as a model of a minority community security organisation. In 2012 the CST provided the model for a new anti-Muslim hatred project, TELL MAMA (run by interfaith organisation Faith Matters ), with which it now works closely.
In 2011 a number of articles appeared in the British newspaper the "Jewish Chronicle" that sought to undermine the work and functioning of the CST. Dr Gilbert Kahn, of Kean University in the USA, took the view that British Jewry did not need a CST because British Jews paid taxes to the state for their physical protection and could therefore depend on the police. On 15 April the JC's resident columnist, Professor Geoffrey Alderman, argued against the CST on the grounds that its leadership and funding were neither transparent nor accountable. Alderman returned to the subject on 10 June, when he speculated that his doubts about the CST and its work were more widely shared.
In May 2014, it was revealed that the chief executive of the CST is the highest paid of all charity leaders within the Britiah Jewish community, earning between £170,000-£190,000 per annum.

</doc>
<doc id="2877891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877891" title="Bohuslav Chňoupek">
Bohuslav Chňoupek

Bohuslav Chňoupek (August 10, 1925, Petržalka (now part of Bratislava) – June 28, 2004, Prague) was a Czechoslovak politician, journalist and writer. He was one of the most visible representatives of the Communist regime after the defeat of the Prague Spring (Normalization period, i.e. 1969 - 1988).
In 1945 Chňoupek became a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. Since 1948 he worked as journalist. After defeat of the Prague Spring, he became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party and obtained important government positions: 1969–70 directory of the state radio, 1970–71 ambassador in the Soviet Union, 1971–1988 minister of foreign affairs. Chňoupek always supported politics of the Soviet Union, including the perestroika campaign in late 1980s. After the fall of socialism in Czechoslovakia in 1989, he was investigated by police for misuse of powers and spent half a year in prison.
As a writer, he published several reportage novels and collections of short articles. He covered the Slovak National Uprising, wrote about how the rule of the Communist Party in Slovakia had been established, about the flight of Yuri Gagarin, and he also wrote an essay about Andy Warhol. While his books always supported ideals of socialism he described the chaos, incompetence and brutality that occurred in Slovakia when these ideals were put in practice.

</doc>
<doc id="2877892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877892" title="Space Race (TV series)">
Space Race (TV series)

Space Race is a BBC docudrama series first shown in Britain on BBC2 between September and October 2005, chronicling the major events and characters in the American/Soviet space race up to the first landing of a man on the moon. It focuses on Sergei Korolev, the Soviet chief rocket designer, and Wernher von Braun, his American counterpart. The series was a joint effort between British, German, American and Russian production teams.
Episodes.
Episode one: "Race For Rockets" (1944–1949).
We see the results of Wernher von Braun's work on the V-2 for the Nazis at Mittelwerk and Peenemünde, and his final activities within Germany during the last years of the Second World War, as both American and Soviet forces race to capture German rocket technology. When the Americans gain the upper hand by recovering von Braun and most of his senior staff, along with all their technical documents and much other materiel, we see Sergei Korolev's release from the Gulag to act as the Soviets' rocketry expert alongside former colleague Valentin Glushko, and how he is set to work bringing Soviet rocket technology up to date with that of von Braun, working with what material and personnel are left after von Braun's escape to the US.
Episode two: "Race For Satellites" (1953–1958).
As the Cold War intensifies, Korolev is asked to build a rocket capable of carrying a five-ton warhead to America - he designs and constructs the R-7 Semyorka, the first ICBM, and is later allowed to use it to launch the first satellite, Sputnik 1, quickly following up with the rushed Sputnik 2. Meanwhile, von Braun struggles to persuade the US government to allow him to launch his own satellite - after Sputnik's launch and the failure of the US Navy to launch a Vanguard satellite, he is finally allowed to launch the first American satellite, Explorer 1. Korolev announces that the Americans have evened the score and that they are in a space race, which they intend to win. At the end of the episode we see the silhouettes of two men walking down a corridor, one appears to be in a spacesuit. This could be Yuri Gagarin.
Episode three: "Race For Survival" (1959–1961).
Both the Americans and Soviets are planning manned space flight, and we see both sides preparing to do so with the development of the Vostok programme (USSR) and Project Mercury (USA). As well as basic details about the capsules and their delivery vehicles, we also see some of the selection and training of the Russian cosmonauts, and rather less of that of their counterparts in the US. After difficulties and failures on both sides, including a side story about a catastrophic failure of one of the first Russian ballistic missiles, the Soviets succeed in putting Yuri Gagarin into space first, with the Americans putting Alan Shepard up shortly afterwards.
Episode four: "Race For The Moon" (1964–1969).
Both sides now plan to put a man on the Moon - the Americans pull ahead in the space race with Project Gemini, but then suffer a disaster with the Apollo 1 fire. Meanwhile, despite a few notable successes such as the first space walk by Alexei Leonov, the Soviet space programme struggles to keep up amid internal strife. Glushko and Korolev permanently fall out in an argument about fuel; Korolev turns to Nikolai Kuznetsov to develop engines instead. Kuznetsov delivers the NK-33, very efficient but much less powerful than the Americans' F-1. The Soviet program suffers further blows when Korolev dies during surgery, Gagarin dies in a jet crash, Soyuz 1 crashes and kills Vladimir Komarov, and the prototype booster for the moon shot, the N-1 rocket, fails to successfully launch. In America, von Braun has continuing difficulties with the Saturn V, especially combustion instability in the large F-1 engine, but these are ultimately overcome almost by brute force at great expense, and the rocket successfully launches the first manned lunar mission, Apollo 8, and the first manned lunar landing, Apollo 11. The final episode finishes with brief textual summaries of the remaining careers of the various people involved.
Production details.
BBC filmed the "Space Race" in and around the town of Sibiu, Transylvania (a region of Romania). Romania has signed the EU co-production treaty which allows for EU co-productions. Compared to other locations, Romania attracted BBC with unspoiled natural locations, experienced crews and moderately priced production facilities.
The series was filmed with the Panasonic SDX 900 DVCPro 50 professional camcorder. This allowed keeping to the speedy shooting schedule and provided the ‘gritty’ look appropriate to the time period. Shot in widescreen 25fps progressive mode, the series deliver rich, filmic feel, which compares favourably with high definition.
Inaccuracies and errors.
Most of the historical and technological data presented in the series is very heavily simplified, and sometimes contains outright untruths or errors. The series would best be described and interpreted as giving a general impression of the subject matter, rather than rigorous factual account.
Unconfirmed statements.
The series stresses out multiple times that Korolev was denounced by Glushko. There are no known documents that prove this statement besides rumours and hearsay. Glushko had been imprisoned himself before Korolev was arrested and had been sentenced to eight years in a prison camp “for participating in sabotage organization.” He was retained to work for the NKVD to develop aircraft jet boosters. In 1942, at Glushko’s request, NKVD transferred Korolev from another prison to Glushko’s OKB.
Companion book.
A companion book to the series was written by Deborah Cadbury.

</doc>
<doc id="2877902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877902" title="1971 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1971 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 6th Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 6 December – 13 December 1971. In this edition of the games, host country Malaysia joined Singapore in pressuring Thailand to let the SEAP Games Federation expand to include the Philippines and Indonesia, but to no avail. Thai officials felt that such expansion would be contrary to the small family affair they had intended the games to be, and would not be in keeping with the close-neighbours spirit the games was supposed to cultivate.

</doc>
<doc id="2877904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877904" title="Fruela II of Asturias">
Fruela II of Asturias

Fruela II (Froila II) (c. 875–July 925) was the King of Asturias from the death of his father, Alfonso III of Asturias, in 910 to his own death. When his father died, the kingdom was divided, with the third son, Fruela, taking the original portion (Asturias); the second, Ordoño, taking Galicia; and the eldest, García, taking León. As king of Asturias, he had the job of consolidating the region later called Castile and keeping its counts in check.
Fruela's mother was Jimena of Pamplona. He himself married twice, first to a woman of unknown origin named Nunila or Nunilona (late sources make her a member of the Basque Jimenez dynasty, but this is unsupported). His second wife, Urraca, according to Ibn Khaldun and Ibn Hazm, was the daughter of the Banu Qasi governor of Tudela. They were married by 917.
Fruela maintained good relations with his brother Ordoño, who had the hegemony. They cooperated in the Reconquista and Fruela undersigned Ordoño's diplomas as "Froila rex" with his second wife, "Urraca regina". When Ordoño died in 924, the magnates ignored his heirs and elected Fruela king. Fruela had never been popular with the nobles and his subjects and his election has been doubted by some, who see it as a likely usurpation. He assassinated Gebuldo and Aresindo, sons of Olmundo, who claimed descent from King Witiza, and thus further alienated the nobility. For this, one chronicler relates, he was condemned to a reign of only fourteen months. According to Ramón Menéndez Pidal, he exiled the bishop Frunimio of León, a relation of Olmundo. Whatever the case, he did reign for a mere fourteen more months and died in early summer 925, some say after having contracted leprosy. Following Fruela's death, there were several competing claimants to his lands, including his younger brother Ramiro (who appears to have married the widowed queen Urraca bint Qasi and used the royal title but was eventually unsuccessful), and the sons of his brother Ordoño II, along with his own young sons. There is some debate as to the immediate succession, although eventually his family lost out to that of brother Ordoño.
According to the Bishop Pelayo, he left three sons by Nunila: Alfonso, Ordoño, and Ramiro. Ibn Khaldun gives Ordoño and Ramiro to Urraca and leaves open the possibility of other children by either wife.

</doc>
<doc id="2877923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877923" title="Aerospace Technology and Science Department">
Aerospace Technology and Science Department

The Aerospace Technology and Science Department (; DCTA) is the national military research center for aviation and space flight of Brazil. It is subordinated to the Brazilian Air Force (FAB). 
It coordinates all technical and scientific activities related to the aerospace sector in which there are interests by the Ministry of Defence. It was established in 1953. It currently employs several thousand civilian and military personnel.
Institutes.
The DCTA has four institutes within its campus.
Aeronautics and Space Institute (IAE).
In Portuguese, "Instituto de Aeronaútica e Espaço". It develops projects in the aeronautical, airspace and defense sectors, co-responsible for the execution of the Brazilian Space Mission.
Aeronautics Technological Institute (ITA).
In Portuguese, "Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica". It is one of the main educational colleges of the Brazilian Air Force.
Institute for Advanced Studies (IEAv).
In Portuguese, "Instituto de Estudos Avançados". Responsible for the development of pure and applied sciences: photonics, nuclear energy, applied physics, remote sensor systems and decision support systems. In 2006, the IEAv inaugurated the T3 Hypersonic wind tunnel, the largest in Latin America.
Industrial Foment and Coordination Institute (IFI).
In Portuguese, "Instituto de Fomento e Coodernação Industrial". It provides military aeronautical certification and aerospace equipment approval, acting as an interface between the institutes and the industry. Until 2006, it carried out the civil aircraft certification activities, today under the National Civil Aviation Agency responsibilities.
Museum.
The DCTA is also responsible managing for the Brazilian Aerospace Memorial (Memorial Aerospacial Brasileiro - MAB). It is located in São José dos Campos, São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="2877925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877925" title="Bambi II">
Bambi II

Bambi II is a 2006 Disney animated feature directed by Brian Pimental that initially premiered in theaters in Argentina on January 26, 2006, before being released as a direct-to-video title in the United States on February 7, 2006. It holds the world record for the longest span of time between two consecutive installments of a franchise, being released 64 years after the original.
The film takes place in the middle of Disney's original "Bambi", with the Great Prince of the Forest dealing with the now motherless Bambi. It was first titled "Bambi and the Great Prince", but was renamed "Bambi and the Great Prince of the Forest" and later "Bambi II".
Plot.
After his mother is killed by hunters Bambi (Alexander Gould) stumbles upon his father, the Great Prince of the Forest (Patrick Stewart), who takes him back to his den. The Great Prince asks Friend Owl (Keith Ferguson) to find a doe to raise Bambi, since his duties are to his herd, but Owl informs him that because of the harsh winters the does can barely feed themselves, let alone any extra mouths. The Great Prince has no choice but to look after Bambi until the spring.
Months later, the Great Prince allows Bambi to accompany his friends, Thumper (Brendon Baerg), and Flower (Nicky Jones), to see the Groundhog, whose shadow will foretell if winter will end soon. Bambi lies to them about how close he and his father are, while the Great Prince keeps the truth of his mother’s death from him.
At the ground hog ceremony, Bambi meets up with his crush Faline (Andrea Bowen). The Groundhog (Brian Pimental) is coaxed out of his hole, only to be scared back in again by Ronno (Anthony Ghannam), an older fawn than Bambi. Ronno tries to impress Faline with his stories of hunters near the woods, and the whistles they use to imitate deer, but Bambi and Faline don’t believe his tall tale. Bambi and Ronno immediately dislike each other, but Bambi is intimidated by Ronno, afraid to stand up for himself, and is relieved when he leaves with his mother.
The other animals leave as well, and Bambi falls asleep waiting for his father to come get him. But after many hours of waiting, Bambi dreams of his mother and hears her voice calling him into a meadow. It turns out to be an ambush by human hunters, the same ones Ronno warned him about. The Great Prince comes to his rescue and orders Bambi to run, but the fawn is too scared to obey. Both manage to escape and Bambi is yelled at for almost getting himself killed. It’s then that Bambi realizes the hunters killed his mother, and the Great Prince confirms it. While Bambi sleeps, the Great Prince tells Friend Owl that spring is ending and he should have no problem finding a doe now.
In the days following, the Great Prince confines Bambi to the den where he’ll be safe, not trusting him to be out by himself anymore. When he leaves Bambi confesses to Thumper and Flower the estranged relationship he and his father share, and tells them he wishes he could impress him. They decide to help Bambi learn how to be brave by sneaking out, and while doing so get into an altercation with a porcupine. It ends with quills rammed into Bambi’s backside and his father almost catching him outside of the den. Ronno and Faline, hearing the commotion, investigate. Bambi gets into another fight with Ronno when he sees him bothering Faline. Ronno chases him through the forest until Bambi leaps to safety over a large ravine. The Great Prince, having seen the whole thing, is both angry at Bambi and impressed by his feat. Ronno (jealous of the young prince) tries to leap after him, but falls into the chasm, thwarted for now.
The next day Bambi practices jumping with Thumper and Flower, determined to make his father proud again. Thumper encourages him to just talk to the Great Prince, and the two finally connect when the older stag shares some wisdom with him about feeling the forest in his hooves. The Great Prince finally decides to allow Bambi to come along with him on his patrols, and as the days progress the two get closer than ever. He helps Bambi to overcome any obstacles in his path, as well as his fears, and Bambi helps him to loosen up and have fun; all the while Ronno continues to grow jealous of the young prince.
One morning, Friend Owl finds Bambi and the Great Prince playing and introduces them to Mena (Cree Summer), the doe he’s found to be Bambi's new mother. Bambi realizes the Great Prince planned on sending him away (unaware that he’s changed his mind) and snaps at his father, telling him he wished he was with his mother instead of him. The Great Prince changes his mind again, deciding he’s not what’s best for Bambi, and sends him to go live with his new mother. Bambi, despite being immensely saddened, eventually accepts the change, deciding his own happiness isn’t as important as his duties as a prince.
On the way to Mena’s den, Ronno shows up to taunt Bambi one last time and the two get into another fight that sets off a hunter’s trap, snaring Mena and alerting nearby humans. While the cowardly Ronno flees Bambi saves Mena by leading the hunter’s dogs away from her, as his father works to set her free. The dogs chase him through the forest, and his friends help him to fend them off. Bambi keeps them away as long as he can, using the techniques the Great Prince taught him, until the hounds corner him on top of a rocky peak. Bambi manages to kill the last one by pushing him off the side of a cliff, but falls off as well when it crumbles beneath him. His friends and his father all grieve him until Bambi reveals he’s still alive, and he and the Great Prince reconcile.
Sometime later, Thumper shares his version of the adventure with the rest of his friends, while an now teenage Bambi (whose antlers have just grown in) enjoys the tall tale with Faline. Ronno appears and vows vengeance on both of them, until he’s bitten on the nose by a snapping turtle and runs off screaming for help. The gang is unfazed by Ronno’s threat (unaware that he will indeed return in their future), and Bambi leaves to meet up with his father, who decided to raise him after all. The two share a tender moment as the Great Prince shows Bambi the field where he first met his mother.
Reception.
While the film was a direct-to-video release in many countries, including the United States, Canada, China, Japan, and Taiwan, it was a theatrical release in the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Austria, Mexico, Dominican Republic, Brazil, Australia and some other European countries.
The film sold 2.6 million DVDs in its first week in the United States.
It would also later on, win an Annie Award, for Best Home Entertainment Production, at the 34th Annual Annie Awards. Reviews for it were mixed to positive; it currently holds a 50% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. As major studios continue to phase out VHS, this was officially the last Disney animated movie to be released on VHS. 
Soundtrack.
"Bambi II"'s musical score includes instrumental pieces by Bruce Broughton, and new vocal songs by several noted artists, including Alison Krauss, Martina McBride, and Anthony Callea. Coinciding with the film's DVD release, the soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records in the United States on February 7, 2006. Produced by Matt Walker, the CD includes nine songs from the film, as well as three tracks from "Bambi".

</doc>
<doc id="2877926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877926" title="1973 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1973 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 7th Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Singapore from 1 September - 8 September 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="2877927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877927" title="BMW S85">
BMW S85

The BMW S85B50 is a DOHC V10 piston engine which replaced the S62 and was produced from 2005-2010. Used in the E60 M5 sedan, E61 M5 touring and E63/64 M6 coupé, it was inspired by BMW's previous Formula 1 involvement.
Nomenclature.
As the S85 was BMW's first V10 engine, it was given a new series in the nomenclature. While V8 engines are designated by "60s" and V12 engines labeled as "70s", the S85 was badged with an "80" despite it having fewer cylinders than the "70"-series engines.
The S85 spawned a related S65 V8 engine for the 2008 BMW M3. Although the "65" designation is apparently out of order compared to the other V8 engines (which follow "62" and "63" sequentially), the S65 was badged such since its design is largely derived from the S85 minus two cylinders, and not related to BMW's other V8s.
Unlike other BMW engines, there are no mass market "M" or "N" versions of the S85 and S65 and nor is there any shared parts, as these engines are used exclusively in BMW M performance vehicles.
Technology.
The S85B50 produced by Thomas Shears is a high-revving engine designed to utilize power from a wide rev band. Having a redline of 8250 rpm, it achieves over /litre. The S85 features a very high compression ratio of 12.0:1, exceeding the previous S54's ratio of 11.5:1.
It produces over 100 hp more than the previous E39 4.9liter V8, whilst weighing only 2.2 pounds more. Unlike some other BMW engines which utilise Valvetronic to infinitely vary valve lift to eliminate the throttle plate, this engine has individual throttle bodies per cylinder.
Awards.
In 2005, the first year that it was nominated, the S85B50 won four different International Engine of the Year awards in the following 4 categories:
In 2006 the S85B50 won several International Engine of the Year awards, winning in the following 3 categories:
In 2007 the S85B50 won several International Engine of the Year awards, winning in the following 2 categories:
In 2008 the S85B50 won an International Engine of the Year award, winning in the following category:

</doc>
<doc id="2877928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877928" title="Facing Mount Kenya">
Facing Mount Kenya

Facing Mount Kenya, first published in 1938, is an anthropological study of the people of the Kikuyu ethnicity of central Kenya. It was written by native Kikuyu and future Kenyan president Jomo Kenyatta.
The book's introduction was written by anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski, who mentored Kenyatta while both were at the London School of Economics. Malinowski wrote 'As a first-hand account of a representative African culture, as an invaluable document in the principles underlying culture-contact and change and as a personal statement of the new outlook of a progressive African, this book will rank as a pioneering achievement of outstanding merit.' 
References.
Heinemann Kenya Ltd ISBN 9966-46-017-9 

</doc>
<doc id="2877931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877931" title="Noztra">
Noztra

Martin Rivera (born October 20, 1982), better known as Noztra, is a reggaeton musician. Born in San Francisco de Macorís, Dominican Republic, his family moved to New York looking for work when he was seven. At the age of 16, Noztra began composing his own lyrics and music.
History.
In 2002 he conducted one of the first reggaeton radio shows to air in New York City. Shortly after, Noztra opened shows that featured reggaeton stars.
Noztra entered the scene with his single "Damelo Duro", which was distributed on mixtapes and had great success on radio. His first album, "Ya’ Aint Ready", contains 19 tracks and a variety of sounds such as Sandungueo, Bolero, Streets/Gangsta hip hop and social themes. The first single off this album is "El Maquinon", and was produced by Monserrate & DJ Urba. It peaked at number 31 on the "Billboard" Latin Tropical Airplay chart.
Noztra was the first reggaeton artist to sign with a major label.

</doc>
<doc id="2877935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877935" title="Pat Goss">
Pat Goss

Patrick Goss is an American radio and television personality based in Washington D.C.. Goss is the master technician on the television program "MotorWeek", where he hosts a segment called "Goss' Garage", and hosts a weekend radio show about cars on WJFK-FM in Washington, DC. On his radio show, Goss answers questions regarding "automotive safety, performance and care". In addition to his radio show, he hosts a similarly formatted television talk show on TBD TV in Washington D.C.
Goss is a columnist for "The Washington Post" and National Corvette Owner's Association. He is also featured monthly in a live chat on "The Washington Post" webpage, where he answers car questions from around the world.
Goss owns and manages Pat Goss Car World t/a Goss' Garage, an automobile repair shop in Lanham-Seabrook, Maryland in suburban Washington D.C.
From 2006-2008, he was heard on Talk Radio 3WT until 3WT went off the air in August 2008. 
Additionally, he is a spokesperson for Carchex, a Hunt Valley, Maryland-based company offering lead-generation services for automobile dealers and consumer assurance services for consumers. The company primarily offers extended car warranty services.

</doc>
<doc id="2877936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877936" title="Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway">
Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway

The Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway (S&BR) opened on 12 November 1849. The company formed originally as the "Shrewsbury & Wolverhampton, Dudley & Birmingham Railway" in 1844. It became "Shrewsbury & Birmingham Railway" in 1847.
History.
The first section of the S&BR, which was between and and Wellington opened on 1 June 1849. The section from Wellington to Shrewsbury, which was shared with the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company, opened on the same date. The S&BR was extended to Wolverhampton on 12 November 1849. The S&BR merged with the Great Western Railway (GWR) on 1 September 1854.
Shrewsbury and Wellington Joint Railway.
The Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company, built the Stafford to Shrewsbury Line, and leased it to the London and North Western Railway (LNWR). The LNWR and GWR ran the Shrewsbury-Wellington section as a joint railway, known as the Shrewsbury and Wellington Joint Railway.
The line today.
The line is still used today as the Wolverhampton to Shrewsbury Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2877941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877941" title="Anaimalai">
Anaimalai

Anaimalai is a panchayat town in Coimbatore district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Geography.
Anaimalai is located at . It has an average elevation of 258 metres (846 feet). The nearest village is Vettaikaranpudur.
Agriculture.
There are lot of paddy fields and coconut orchards around Anaimalai.
Schools.
Higher Secondary schools.
There are three higher secondary schools functioning in Anaimalai town, Government Boys Higher Secondary School, VRT Government Girls Higher Secondary School and Oxford Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
Primary schools.
It also has more than fifteen Government and Private Primary Schools.
Places of worship.
Anaimalai has a number of Hindu Temples, Churches and Masjids. The notable temples are Sri Maasaaniamman Temple, Sri Droupathiamman Temple,
Sri Mariamman Temple,Sri Someshwarar Temple,Sri Gowri Shankarar Temple and Sri Malaipperumal Temple. Devotees from various parts of Tamil Nadu and even from other states come to Sri Maasaniamman temple,particularly on Fridays and New moon days.
Tourism.
There are a lot of buses plying between Anaimalai and Pollachi, which is just 14 KM from Anaimalai. Anaimalai is well known for its salubrious climate. The beauty of Anaimalai is enriched by "Aliar" and "Uppar" rivers running through the city. A new bridge was built a few months ago across the river as the old one was in dilapidated condition. Anaimalai is also close to Parambikulam dam, Aliar Dam Attakatti and Valparai.
Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary
Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary is about 85 km from Downtown Coimbatore and is situated at an altitude of 1,400 meters in the Western Ghats near Pollachi. The area of the sanctuary is 958 km². An ecological paradise, this sanctuary encompasses a National Park. It has recently been renamed as Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park. Recently, it was converted into an integrated Anamalai Tiger Reserve. Vettaikaranpudur is en route to Topslip from Pollachi.

</doc>
<doc id="2877944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877944" title="1975 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games">
1975 Southeast Asian Peninsular Games

The 8th and last Southeast Asian Peninsular Games were held in Bangkok, Thailand from 9 December - 16 December 1975. South Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, which only sent token squads made up of military personnel to previous games, declined to participate due to internal political problems.

</doc>
<doc id="2877946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877946" title="Charles Anderson (equestrian)">
Charles Anderson (equestrian)

Charles Anderson (October 24, 1914 – March 27, 1993) was an American equestrian who won a gold medal for equestrianism at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2877956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877956" title="Silvanus Trevail">
Silvanus Trevail

Silvanus Trevail (1851–1903) was a British architect, and the most prominent Cornish architect of the 19th century. 
Early life.
Trevail was born at Carne Farm, Trethurgy in the parish of Luxulyan, Cornwall on 11 November 1851.
Career.
Trevail rose to become Mayor of Truro and, nationally, President of the architects' professional body, the Society of Architects. 
He was Cornwall's most famous architect, certainly of the 19th century. Following the Education Act of 1870 which created Board Schools, Trevail designed around fifty such schools throughout the county. He also designed hotels including the Headland Hotel, Newquay, Carbis Bay Hotel in Carbis Bay, and restored the church at Temple. He was said to be a man ahead of his time, a campaigner for sanitation improvements and an entrepreneur. 
Death.
His success however, did not bring him happiness. Trevail had a history of depression and had been unwell for some time before committing suicide. On 7 November 1903 he shot himself in the lavatory of a train as it entered Brownqueen Tunnel a short distance from Bodmin Road railway station. 

</doc>
<doc id="2877958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877958" title="Blackburn Iris">
Blackburn Iris

The Blackburn Iris was a British three-engined biplane flying boat of the 1920s. Although only five Irises were built, it was used as a long-ranged maritime reconnaissance aircraft by the Royal Air Force, where it equipped a squadron for 4 years, being used to carry out a number of notable long-distance flights. The final version of the Iris, the Iris Mark V was developed into the aircraft that replaced it in Squadron service, the Blackburn Perth.
Development and design.
In 1924, the British Air Ministry issued Specification R.14/24 for a long-range reconnaissance flying boat for the Royal Air Force. To meet this requirement, Blackburn Aircraft proposed the R.B.1 (Reconnaissance Biplane 1), designed by Major J.B. Rennie, who had previously worked with John Cyril Porte at the Seaplane Experimental Station, Felixstowe.
The R.B.1 was a three-engined, three-bay biplane. The equal-span wings were of mixed wood-and-metal construction, with ailerons fitted to both upper and lower wings and floats fitted under the wingtips, while the aircraft had a large biplane tail (with a span of 30 ft (9.14 m) with three fins and rudders. The aircraft's hull had a wooden structure covered in plywood, with a vee-bottom with two steps to give good water handling. Three 650 hp (485 kW) Rolls-Royce Condor III water-cooled V12 engines driving four-bladed propellers were mounted in individual nacelles between the wings. It carried a crew of five, with two pilots sitting side-by side in a cockpit forward of the wings, with nose and dosal gun positions mounting Lewis guns on Scarff rings, with provision for a further two guns which could be operated through portholes in the rear fuselage. Bomb racks under the wings could carry up to 1,040 lb (470 kg) of bombs.
The prototype R.B.1, with the designation Iris I, and with the serial number "N185", made its maiden flight from Blackburn's factory at Brough on 19 June 1926, being delivered to the Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment at Felixstowe the next day, being fully tested during July and August. Wooden hulls were prone to soaking up large quantities of water (which could amount to several hundred pounds in additional weight) when kept afloat for long periods of time, so Rennie designed an all-metal hull for the Iris, constructed of duralumin before the Iris first flew. "N185" returned to Brough in March 1927 when it was fitted with the new metal hull, together with more powerful engines and an additional gunner's position in the tail, becoming the Iris II.
On 12 August 1927, shortly after being redelivered, the Iris II started, along with the prototype Short Singapore I, an experimental metal-hulled Supermarine Southampton, and the prototype wooden hulled Saunders Valkyrie (a direct competitor to the Iris), a 3,000 mi (4,800 km) tour of Scandinavia and the Baltic. The Iris performed well on the tour, particularly compared to the Valkyrie, which suffered much heavier water soakage than expected as well as engine problems, and the Air Ministry issued Specification R.31/27 for an improved version of the Iris, to act as a long range supplement to the smaller Southampton.
Operational history.
On 4 February 1928, a contract was placed for three Iris III aircraft, similar to the Iris II but with fabric covered metal wings. The Iris II, meanwhile, continued in use, setting out on another long-range cruise on 27 September, carrying Sir Philip Sassoon, the Under-Secretary of State for Air and Air Commodore Sir Arthur Longmore on a tour of RAF Stations of the Mediterranean and Middle East. It reached Karachi on 14 October, finally returning to RAF Calshot on 14 November, having flown a total distance of 11,360 mi (18,290 km) with a flight time of 125 hr 5 min.
The first Iris III flew on 21 November 1929, with the three Iris IIIs equipping No. 209 Squadron which reformed at RAF Mount Batten, Plymouth in January 1930. 209 Squadron continued the pattern of long-range flights carried out by the Iris II, with one Iris visiting Reykjavík in June 1930 to celebrate the 1,000th anniversary of the Icelandic Althing (parliament), and another making the first crossing of the Bay of Biscay by flying boat when visiting Lisbon in August 1930.
The first Iris III was destroyed in a fatal crash on 4 February 1931, resulting in a replacement being ordered. Although still an Iris III, this had a number of changes, being fitted with provision to carry a COW 37 mm gun in its bow. The weight of the Iris had grown considerably since the Iris I, and it was decided to replace the Iris III's Condors with more powerful (825 hp (615 kW) Rolls-Royce Buzzard engines to restore performance and improve reliability, with the three re-engined aircraft re-entering service in 1932 as the Iris V. The Iris II was also re-engined, being fitted with three 800 hp Armstrong Siddeley Panther radial engines, with the centre engine in a pusher configuration to become the Iris IV.
The Iris Vs were replaced in squadron service in 1934 by the Blackburn Perth, four very similar Buzzard-powered aircraft closely based on the Iris. One of the Iris Vs was converted for use as a testbed for the Napier Culverin, a licence built Junkers Jumo 204 diesel engine, flying in this form in June 1937 and continuing flight trials until April 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="2877964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877964" title="Bulleteer">
Bulleteer

Bulleteer is a fictional character and DC Comics superheroine, a member of the Seven Soldiers. She debuted in Seven Soldiers: The Bulleteer #1 (November 2005), and was created by Grant Morrison and Yanick Paquette. The character is based in part on the Fawcett Comics character Bulletgirl.
Fictional character biography.
27-year-old Alix Harrower is married to Lance, a research scientist who has developed a thin metal skin that can bond with collagen, turning tissue indestructibly hard. When this "smartskin" is applied to a living being, such as Lance's initial test subject, a mouse named "Metal Mickey", the subject becomes endowed with superhuman strength. Though the potential military applications are obvious, Lance dreams of using it on himself, modeling a superhero career after the WWII superheroes Bulletman and Bulletgirl. Unfortunately, after testing it on himself, he begins to suffocate. When he touches Alix, the smartskin bonds to her. Rushed to the hospital, she is saved thanks to medics gaining access to bare skin covered by her wedding ring. Lance was not wearing his, and dies of asphyxiation.
Alix spirals into depression as her new appearance forces her to quit her job teaching autistic children. Another emotional blow comes at the discovery that her deceased husband's superhero dreams stemmed from a fixation on superhero-based pornography and an online affair with "Super Sally Sonic," an immortal superhuman porn star. Distraught, Alix attempted suicide. While trying to find a structure hard enough to kill her on impact, she comes across a train wreck, and saves the people still inside. After those she saved call her a superhero, she decides to live up to the title, taking the name Bulleteer.
In "Bulleteer" #2, it is revealed that Alix was going to be the seventh member of Greg Saunders' ill-fated new Seven Soldiers of Victory, but got cold feet and thus escaped the massacre. She meets Agent Helligan from "Shining Knight #3" and helps her interrogate Ramon Solomano, alias "the Iron Hand" (an old enemy of Saunders from his days as the costumed hero Vigilante), for information on the Nebula Man and the deaths of the six other soldiers as seen in "Seven Soldiers of Victory" #0.
In "Bulleteer" #3, Alix works as a bodyguard to a mermaid movie star at a convention for C-list superheroes, interacts with various secondary Soldiers characters (including the original Bulletgirl), and eventually survives an assassination attempt by the apparently undead Spyder. Alix also learns more about Sally Sonic from a superhuman porn actress, and discovers that Sally enjoys seducing husbands and breaking up couples. Upon her return home, Alix is crushed with a refrigerator by the indestructible Sally Sonic, who was posing as her boarder.
In "Bulleteer" #4, Sally Sonic beats Alix while ranting about her ruined life. Flashbacks reveal Sally's backstory as a 1940's superheroine who is immortal and stuck in the body of a superpowered teenager. After outliving all of her friends and family and being forced to live in an abusive orphanage (since no one believed her true age), Sally Smart met "Vita-Man", a superhuman who manipulates her into a sexual relationship and a role in a pornographic film. Sally is pulled into the seedy underworld of superhuman sex work and drug abuse, and eventually goads Alix' husband into the experiment that killed him and transformed Alix. Her motivation for this act is revealed to be jealousy: Sally loathed Alix for having the life Sally could never have. Alix refuses to let Sally take her grief out on her and manages to knock Sally out with a car engine, despite a broken arm. Afterwards, a ghostly Greg Saunders approaches Alix and attempts to recruit her to 'save the world'. Though she is not even sure that Saunders is real, she rejects him and the entire superhero role.
In "Seven Soldiers" #1, Alix tries to drive Sally to the hospital when the Sheeda launch the invasion on Manhattan. Sally wakes up and tries to kill Alix yet again, until the car collides with the fallen Sheeda queen, Gloriana Tenebrae, and bursts into flames. Alix survives, but Sally and Gloriana do not.
It is revealed that Alix is The Spear that Was Never Thrown, the ultimate downfall of the Sheeda race. This Spear is thrown by Aurakles, the very first superhero from 42,000 years ago, and Alix' ancestor. Aurakles appears as an imprisoned demi-god in the pages of "Mister Miracle".
Other appearances.
Alix appears in "Infinite Crisis" #7 as one of the heroes fighting against the rampaging villains in Metropolis and is later seen in the two-page line up of the heroes of the DCU. She appears to be flying.
She appears in "52" #24, as a member of an interim JLA, also featuring Firestorm, Firehawk, Super-Chief, and Ambush Bug. This goes badly, as their first major villain, Skeets, kills Super-Chief and many innocent civilians. She then reappeared in issue four of the "World War III" event. That and her appearance in "52" issue #50 both involve her efforts as part of a multi-hero, worldwide attempt to take down the insane Black Adam.
She appeared in "Birds of Prey" #100 as one of Oracle's potential recruits for the team. Despite this, she made no further appearances in the series, indicating that she ultimately did not join the team.
She is later seen in "Final Crisis" #2 and #5, as part of a resistance group of heroes battling Darkseid's invading forces. 
Alix appears in the final issue of "", where she and Mr. Scarlet rescue Freddy Freeman after he is tied up and has his mouth sewn shut by Prometheus. When asked by Ray Palmer how she was able to contact the JLA Watchtower, Alix explains that she kept the communicator given to her by Firestorm during her brief tenure with his League.
She later appears as part of Wonder Woman's all-female strikeforce when a group of androids invade Washington D.C. After the robots are defeated, Alix attempts to strike up a conversation with Wonder Woman, and nervously tells her that she must not have any idea who she is. Wonder Woman tells Alix that she does indeed know who she is, which makes her day.
Bulleteer is later shown aiding the JLA during their mission into Hell, where she helps Donna Troy defeat the demon Lilith. Following this, Alix is recruited by Congorilla as part of an emergency Justice League hastily assembled to repel Eclipso's invasion of the Emerald City on the moon. Alongside her teammates, Alix is quickly defeated and brought under Eclipso's mental control. The reserve JLA members are all freed after Eclipso is defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="2877968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877968" title="Stephen Brooks (academic)">
Stephen Brooks (academic)

Stephen Gallup Brooks is an Associate Professor of Government in the Department of Government at Dartmouth College.

</doc>
<doc id="2877977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877977" title="Zeta Arae">
Zeta Arae

Zeta Arae (ζ Ara, ζ Arae) is a star in the southern constellation Ara. It is sometimes is called by the name Tseen Yin, together with δ Arae. The apparent visual magnitude of this star is 3.1, which can be seen from suburban skies in the southern hemisphere. From the parallax measurements, it is located at a distance of from Earth.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of K3 III. The luminosity class of 'III' indicates this is a giant star that has exhausted the hydrogen at its core and evolved away from the main sequence. It is radiating energy from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,350 K, which is what gives it the orange hue of a K-type star. This star displays an excess of infrared emission that may indicate circumstellar matter.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Tortoise", refers to an asterism consisting of ζ Arae, ε1 Arae, γ Arae, δ Arae and η Arae. Consequently, ζ Arae itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="2877978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877978" title="Wings of a Butterfly">
Wings of a Butterfly

"Wings of a Butterfly", also released as "Rip Out the Wings of a Butterfly", is a song by the Finnish band HIM. It is the second track on the 2005 album "Dark Light" and was released as the album's first single that year. The song reached #1 on the Finnish charts, #10 in Germany and the UK, and #87 in the U.S., making it the biggest single from "Dark Light". The music video, filmed at Union Station in Los Angeles, was #1 on the Rock Countdown on MTV2 in late 2005 for five weeks until it was retired.
Since its live performance premiere the song become a concert staple being played at almost every HIM show since then.

</doc>
<doc id="2877979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877979" title="Cuckoo Trail">
Cuckoo Trail

The Cuckoo Trail is an footpath and cycleway which runs from Hampden Park to Heathfield in East Sussex. It passes through the towns of Polegate and Hailsham, as well as the villages of Hellingly and Horam.
History.
The Trail largely follows the route of a disused railway line, the Cuckoo Line, which opened in 1880 and ran between Eridge and Polegate railway stations, creating a direct route between Eastbourne and London. It obtained its name from the tradition that the first cuckoo in Spring was heard at the Heathfield Fair. The line closed in 1968 under the programme of closures put forward by Forest Row resident and British Transport Commission Chairman Richard Beeching.
In 1981 the route of the old railway line to the south of Heathfield was purchased by Wealden District Council and East Sussex County Council. From 1990 Sustrans developed the route along with District Council and the County Council into a shared track for walkers and cyclists, with horses also allowed on some sections. An extension was constructed to the south into Eastbourne and the trail became part of National Cycle Network Route 21. The Trail is currently used by around 200,000 people per year and serves as a traffic-free route between several local schools. It is jointly managed by the latter in conjunction with East Sussex County Council.
Along the route of the Trail are six original sculptures which act as mileposts. In May 1993 a dozen wooden benches were installed which had been handcarved by a local artist out of trees felled during the Great Storm of 1987. In 2003 a five-year £65,000 package of grants for improvements to the Cuckoo Trail was awarded as part of the Woodland Grant Scheme. Part of these funds went towards the resurfacing of the Trail as far as Heathfield in October 2006.
Extension north.
As of 2008 the Cuckoo Trail remains incomplete insofar as the remaining section of the disused railway line north of Heathfield is largely inaccessible and in the ownership of 12 different individuals who have resisted attempts to establish a path/cycleway over their land. Until 1986 East Sussex County Council had 11 miles of the Cuckoo Trail to the south of Mayfield within its ownership but, seeking to reduce expenditure, it abandoned the early ideas of reopening it as a public footpath, and parcels of land were sold off in a piecemeal fashion.
The Trail is therefore re-routed from Heathfield over nearby roads, diverging from the railway alignment to join the A265 Mutton Hall Hill before heading north on Newick Lane through Mayfield town centre. This route has caused controversy amongst local residents.
The inability to extend the Trail north means that it cannot reach Groombridge and link with the Forest Way, another footpath and bridleway following the route of a disused railway line. Numerous reports have been prepared which identified various routes which would connect with the Forest Way, from a Sustrans report in 1995 to three Owen Williams reports in 1998 and 1999, and finally an Atkins feasibility study in 2006 which confirmed that reusing the old railway line would be the best way forward, with the alternative on-road route as a short-term means of access to Groombridge.
As part of the extension north, the 240 metre Heathfield Tunnel was repaired and restored in 1997, funded by a derelict land grant of £198,000 by English Partnerships and a contribution of £60,000 from Wealden District Council. Gates were fitted to the tunnel in 1999 at a cost of £22,000 which allowed access to be restricted to daylight hours; access became unrestricted from 2002 but ceased entirely following an alleged rape incident on 12 March 2005. A trial reopening period began on 26 March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2877984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877984" title="Arthur Diehl">
Arthur Diehl

Arthur Vidal Diehl (1870 – January 12, 1929) was a prominent English impressionist landscape artist. 
Diehl was born in London, England, but for most of his career, he lived in Provincetown, Massachusetts, United States where he painted Old World and New World landscapes. Diehl's Old World subjects include scenes from Italy, Morocco, England, and the Netherlands. His subjects in the United States include Cape Cod, Boston, St. Augustine, Florida, and New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2877994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877994" title="ATV Quad Power Racing 2">
ATV Quad Power Racing 2

ATV Quad Power Racing 2 is an all-terrain vehicle racing video game released in 2003. It is the sequel to "ATV Quad Power Racing". It is available for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, and Xbox. It was developed by Climax Brighton, and published by Acclaim Entertainment. The game is notable for its inclusion of a three-wheeled ATV, not seen in any other video games, and not sold in the real world since the late 1980s.
Game types.
Career- Players first must create a profile by selecting from a list of characters. In Career Mode, the character starts out as an Amateur, working his or her way up to become a SuperStar. There are three levels in Career Mode- Amateur, Professional, and SuperStar. In order to move up in status you must complete the previous level. As you progress you unlock more ATVs and tracks. Also as you win, you begin to develop the rider's skill level and attributes.
Arcade- Arcade mode is a little different from Career mode. Unlike in Career mode, you are timed. In Arcade mode, racers compete in a two-lap series. In order to complete each track, checkpoints are placed throughout the track to prevent time from elapsing. You must complete each track to move to the next one. Like Career mode, you also can boost your players attributes and skill levels.
Single Race- In Single Race you can ride the tracks you've unlocked during Career Mode. Or you can test out new ATVs that you've unlocked. The difficulty of the race depends on your riders skill.
Freestyle- In Freestyle mode you are put into an indoor arena, unlike the outdoor tracks in the other modes. Here you perform tricks in an arena full of ramps and other stunt enhancers. You may select from various time limits or keep racing under unlimited time.
Challenge- There are two types of challenges in Challenge mode. There are Ground Challenges and Tower Challenges. You must complete each challenge to move on to the next one. You can earn either bronze, silver, or gold. Earning gold unlocks the SuperStar riders.
Time Trial- In Time Trial you may choose any available track to race from. In Time Trial you race against your best time and try to improve on your lap speed.
Custom- Custom mode can only be unlocked after completing Career mode. Once you do that you have your chance to create your own Championship race. You choose which tracks to include, how many races, points system, and difficulty. Custom mode can also be unlocked for use in Multiplayer mode.
Multiplayer- In Multiplayer mode you can race with up to four friends at a time. There are three different types of multiplayer races which include:
Reception.
The game scored mostly average reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2877995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877995" title="Kelvedon railway station">
Kelvedon railway station

Kelvedon is a railway station serving the villages of Kelvedon and Feering in Essex. The station is located on the Great Eastern Main Line. It is also the closest station to the large settlements of Coggeshall and Tiptree. To the north-east, on the other side of Station Road, was Kelvedon Low Level railway station, which until 1951 was the terminus of the now-closed Kelvedon and Tollesbury Light Railway.
History.
The section of the Eastern Counties Railway between and was opened on 29 March 1843, and one of the original stations was that at Kelvedon.
In common with most rural stations Kelvedon handled local goods and the 1923 plan shows sidings with cattle pens on the up side at the London end, and sidings with a goods shed on the down side at the London end of the station. There was also a large warehouse which was used by King Seeds for many years on the down side. The goods yard closed on 7 December 1964.
There was a link line to the Kelvedon Low Level railway station with a drop of 1 in 50 which joined the main line at the country end of the up line.
The station complex was controlled by 'Rivenhall' signal box which closed on 3 December 1961.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Kelvedon:

</doc>
<doc id="2877997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2877997" title="Henry Hose">
Henry Hose

The Hussey family, after 1066, settled in Dorset, but were also found in Berkshire, Wiltshire and Somerset. In medieval England the name of Hussey was generally spelt as 'Hose', evolving into Hoese, Huse, Husee, and thence to Hussey, and in Latin was first known as Hosatus. 

</doc>
<doc id="2878003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878003" title="Suffield University">
Suffield University

Suffield University (sometimes referred to as Suffield College and University) is an unaccredited internet school specializing in what it calls Life Experience Degrees, issued upon payment, with life experience assessment based on the word of the applicant. Suffield is not accredited by any accreditation body recognized by its country. According to the US Department of Education, unaccredited degrees and credits might not be acceptable to employers or other institutions, and use of degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions.
Offering degrees for a fixed fee based on life experience is generally considered to be indicative of the institution being a diploma mill, and Suffield has been identified as such. In 2003, an article in "The New Republic" noted that in 2002 a fire department training commander had been "caught" with a degree in fire science from Suffield. The magazine described the university as a diploma mill "accredited" by "the bogus National Distance Learning Accreditation Council". In 2004 an Indiana state board denied a firefighter's request to use a Suffield degree as a job qualification, stating that the institution "apparently ... is not a college" but rather a body that provides a transcript in exchange for a fee. In 2004, one candidate's Suffield degree became an issue in the election campaign for mayor of South Milwaukee, Wisconsin, when the incumbent told voters that his opponent's master's degree came from an unaccredited school offering life experience degrees for $500.
In 2004 the "Hartford Courant" reported that state authorities in Connecticut had ordered Suffield to cease operations. The states of Oregon, Texas, and Maine have listed Suffield University as "operating illegally in Connecticut." As of January 2014, an institution calling itself Suffield University is using the website domain suffield-university.com, which does not identify a geographic location.

</doc>
<doc id="2878010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878010" title="Just the Girl">
Just the Girl

"Just the Girl" is a single by The Click Five taken from their album "Greetings from Imrie House", released on August 16, 2005.
So far the single is the band's highest-charting mainstream single to date, reaching #11 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.
Song meaning.
The song is about the protagonist being in love with a girl who treats him badly. He still tries everything to be with her and doesn't give up, maintaining that she's "just the girl I'm looking for". This is the typical American high school story about love and romance with the "girl next door" kind of persona.
External links.
Power Pop

</doc>
<doc id="2878013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878013" title="Safēd Kōh">
Safēd Kōh

Safēd Kōh (, , "White Mountains"; also known as Spin Ghar (, "white mountain", the Indian Caucasus as late as the 19th century, the Safīd Mountain Range and as the Morga Range), is a mountain range in eastern Afghanistan and expanding well to North-Western Pakistan. 
Its highest peak, straight and rigid Mount Sikaram, towers above all surrounding hills to above mean sea level. The Kabul River cuts a narrow trough through the Safēd Kōh mountains to flow eastward into the Indus River; otherwise, the range connects directly with the Shandur Top offshoot of the Hindu Kush mountain system.
The Khyber Pass crosses a spur of the Safēd Kōh range. The closest city near the Safed Koh is Parachinar of Pakistan. 
Above the nearly barren lower slopes, forests of pine and deodar cedar thrived on the main range, but devastation during the Afghan civil war reduced timber resources. The valleys still support some agriculture. 
According to the United States's military intelligence, many al-Qaeda fighters, including Osama Bin Laden had used the Safed Koh range to escape to Pakistan during the Tora Bora offensive in 2001. Since 2004, the Safēd Kōh mountain range had been a pivotal place and theater of many battles fought by the foreign fighters of al-Qaeda and the joint-warfare command of Pakistan Armed Forces to prevent the foreign fighters incursion into Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="2878021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878021" title="List of country genres">
List of country genres

This is a list of music sub-genres of country music.

</doc>
<doc id="2878022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878022" title="Gamma Arae">
Gamma Arae

Gamma Arae (γ Ara, γ Arae) is a star in the southern constellation of Ara. With an apparent visual magnitude of 3.3, it is the fourth brightest star in the constellation and is readily visible to the naked eye. From parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, the distance to this star can be estimated as from Earth.
This is an enormous star with 23 times the radius of the Sun. It is radiating 120,000 as much energy as the Sun from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of 21,500 K. This heat gives the star the blue-white glow of a B-type star. The spectrum shows it to match a stellar classification of B1 Ib, with the luminosity class of 'Ib' indicating this is a lower luminosity supergiant star. It is a relatively young body, with an estimated age of around 15.7 million years.
Gamma Arae is rotating rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 269 km s−1, causing it to complete a full rotation about every 4.8 days. In the spectrum of this star, this high rate of spin is causing absorption lines to blend together because of the Doppler effect, making them more difficult to analyze. It is a periodically variable star that undergoes non-radial pulsations with a primary period of 1.1811 days and a secondary period of 0.1281 days.
There is some disagreement about the mass of this star in the literature. Tetzlaff et al. (2011) estimate the mass as solar masses, while Fraser et al. (2010) give a mass of around 19 and Lefever et al. (2007) lists a value of 25. It is shedding mass through its stellar wind at the rate of 3.0 × 10−8 solar masses per year, which is equivalent to losing the mass of the Sun every 33 million years. The wind is being effected by the star's rapid rotation, resulting in an enhanced outflow along the equator.
Gamma Arae has an optical companion located at an angular separation of 17.9 arcseconds, which is an A-type main sequence star with an apparent magnitude of 10.5.

</doc>
<doc id="2878023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878023" title="Black Watch (wristwatch)">
Black Watch (wristwatch)

The Black Watch is an electronic wristwatch launched in September 1975 by Sinclair Radionics. It cost £24.95 ready-built, but was also available for £17.95, as a kit.
Design.
The Black Watch is equipped with a red LED display, which is illuminated only when the watchcase's surface is pressed; two resilient spots display hours and minutes or minutes and seconds, respectively.
The product was beset by technical problems including low battery life, variable accuracy and a very sensitive integrated circuit which could be rendered useless by a static shock from a nylon shirt. In spite of this, Sinclair's advertising still claimed:

</doc>
<doc id="2878024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878024" title="Jun Jin">
Jun Jin

Jun Jin (, literally: "move forward") (born Park Choong-jae ; 19 August 1980) is a South Korean singer, actor and entertainer, known as a member and rapper of six-member boy band Shinhwa. He debuted as a dancer and rapper in Shinhwa in 1998 but started singing small parts in 2002; the release of Shinhwa's 5th album. He debut as a solo artist in November 2006 with single "Love Doesn't Come".
Biography.
Jun Jin was the first-born child of singer Charlie Park (), also known as Park Young Chul (), who debuted with a solo album "Casanova Sarang" in 2004. Jun Jin's birth mom left him and his two younger siblings when he was young, due to his father's wandering lifestyle. His father remarried, but the two divorced during Jun Jin's teenage years. His father's third wife proved to be a loving mother as she took care of Jun Jin like her own son. She also located Jun Jin's birth mother and reconnected the two. Although he wasn't able to see her frequently, the two did promise to keep in touch.
1998: Debut with Shinhwa.
Backed by his high school friend, An Chil Hyun, Jun Jin was able to make it through the audition as a member for Shinhwa. He debuted with them as a rapper, alongside Eric Mun and Andy Lee. However, in the release of Shinhwa's fifth album "Perfect Man", he began singing small parts. He would still continue to sing small parts with the release of Shinhwa's later albums until the band switched to a different label, Good Entertainment. Under Good Entertainment, Jun Jin advanced further, singing a solo song entitled "Painfully Loving You." Jun Jin soon released a single, "Sarangee Ohji Anahyo" (Love Doesn't Come), thus starting his solo career.
Jun Jin starred in the hit 2004 KBS drama "Forbidden Love" in 2004, alongside popular actress Kim Tae Hee. He also starred in various other Banjun Dramas as well. In 2009, he and the other members of "Infinite Challenge" appeared in an episode of MBC drama "Queen of Housewives".
2006-2007: Solo artist.
Jun Jin released his first single in November 2006 titled "사랑이 오지 않아요" (translated to "Love Doesn't Come"), with a total of five songs, including the title song and its instrumental. Surprisingly, he decided to go into ballad even though he is known for his strong dance skills. However, this is because ballads are popular in Korea right now; dance artists such as Baek Ji-young and even Jun Jin's own group Shinhwa have released ballads for their lead singles as well. The single did fairly well on the chart, though not a major hit. In December 2006, Jun Jin was hospitalised; although recommended to stay in the hospital, he quickly left and returned to his promotional schedule. 
In January 2007, Jun Jin took part in the "Hallyu Festival in Osaka" which also featured band mate Lee Min Woo, Kangta of H.O.T, SG Wannabe and actor Song Seung Heon at the Osaka Dome.
In early January 2007, Jun Jin filmed a music video with Taiwanese singer Linda Liao. The music video was by the Korean group, The Name, titled "It Could Be Love." He later recorded a duet with Lao, entitled "Forever" and also has a version in Mandarin. He later released a repackage version of "Love Doesn't Come," which included the duet with Lao. The repackage version fared better in sales, selling 44,724 at the end of 2007. In mid-2007, Jun Jin left his group's management company and set up his own call JF Story Entertainment to concentrate on his solo career more. But has since been managed by Open World Entertainment.
2008-2011: Television and military service.
He released his first full length solo album on 25 April 2008. Titled "New Decade", the first single from the album was "Wa". The single encountered controversy when the music video was given a 19+ rating due to sexual content, in effect banning the video from major networks. On 26 April, Jun Jin held his first solo concert at Shibuya Public Hall, Tokyo. An extra show was added when the 2,500 tickets sold out in five minutes.
Jun Jin appeared variety programme "Infinite Challenge" firstly in April 2008 as a replacement for Haha, officially known as 'the 7th member' in June 2008. Later he joined "We Got Married" in early 2009 with actress Lee Si-young as his "wife". The couple was dubbed "Gundam Couple" due to Lee Si-young's obsession with Gundam. They officially departed from the show on May 3, 2009 due to the restructuring of the show's format.
He later released a mini album, titled "Fascination". The title-track "Hey Ya" featuring Son Dam-bi and Big Tone did fairly well on the charts but a track on the mini album titled "Like A Fool" featuring his "wife" Lee Si-young managed to fare better on the charts. The album was a mild success.
Jun Jin enlisted for mandatory military service on 22 October 2009 as a public service worker after undering four weeks of basic training Nonsan military camp in Chungcheongnam-do Province. He was discharged on 14 November 2011, after working at the Gangnam Management Corporation, managing the culture center’s fitness club and parking lot. He then participated at his agency’s "1st Open World Festival Tokyo" on 26 November. Since being discharged he held the "Jun Jin: The singer's Christmas Day" fan meeting in Taipei on 25 December 2011.
2012: Shinhwa comeback.
In March 2012, Jun Jin played the male lead in the music video of "U.F.O" by girl group Stellar, who is produced by band mate Eric, under his agency Top Class Entertainment.
In March 2012, Jun Jin reunited with his Shinhwa band mates for their comeback after four years, under the management of 'Shinhwa Company'. It is a joint venture agency for members to perform as a group, of which Eric and Lee Min-woo are co-CEOs and the remaining members are shareholders. The Company manages the group as a whole, whilst members' individual activities are managed by their respective agencies. The group released their tenth studio album "The Return" on 23 March 2012, launched their comeback concerts "" throughout Asia and their first exclusive variety program "Shinhwa Broadcast" premiered on 17 March 2012 on cable channel JTBC.
As of 26 June, Jun Jin has reportedly left Open World Entertainment. Ahead of "" on 30 June, he had microscopic nerve decompression surgery on a lumbar disc from chronic back pain. His condition had deteriorated despite being medicated since their comeback leading him to seek medical advice and subsequent surgery. He has been advised rest and physical therapy for the next six weeks, but will continue with the tour till its conclusion. Due to the surgery he was absent from the recording of episode 17, "School Channel: God of Classroom", of "Shinhwa Broadcast" aired on 7 July 2012. Also, still recovering from surgery, he did not take part in some of the dance numbers in both the Guangzhou and final concert in Beijing.
2013: Shinhwa Comeback.
On February 8 2013, Shinhwa’s agency announced the legendary group’s comeback through their official website. The poster for their comeback "" to commemorate the group’s 15 years since their debut was revealed. The album's name called 
"The Classic". 
Jun Jin is holding a live talk concert in Seoul, his first fan event here in four years, on August 18 at 5 p.m. KST, a night before his 34th birthday, according to its organizing firm SHOWNOTE on Thursday. Dubbed the “JUNJIN Live Talk 2013 – 34, Between Jun Jin and Chungjae real name” (translated title), around all 900 seats to the upcoming event sold out in half a minute yesterday, SHOWNOTE added.
Despite his tight schedule due to SHINHWA’s on-going Asia tour, Jun is said to have worked hard to give his best performance for several of his songs including his solo tunes “Love Is Not Coming” and “WA,” as well as talk honestly about his past 16 years as an idol singer, actor and human being.
2014:Shinhwa 16th anniversary Debut.
Jun Jin participating in Shinhwa 16th Anniversary Concert along with other Shinhwa member in Olympic Gymnastics Arena.The concert was hold for two days: 22 and 23 March and Jun Jin said he will consider to record a new solo album in this year.

</doc>
<doc id="2878027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878027" title="Henry Hussey, 1st Baron Hussey">
Henry Hussey, 1st Baron Hussey

Henry Hussey, 1st Baron Hussey, father of the 2nd Baron Hussey, was described in 1309 as "the son of the elder sister of Florence, widow of Walter de Insular (de L'Isle) and co-parencer with her, of Pulburough manor, Sussex".
Henry Hussey was married about 1290, to an Isabel. He was summoned to Parliament on 24 June 1295 and was returned for the following 30 years. He was known as Lord Hussey from 1295.
He was summoned for military service by King Edward I on July 16, 1294 in the putting down of a rebellion in Gascony and "to attend the king wherever he might be". He volunteered his service for the defence of the English coast in 1296 as a knight of Chichester. He thereafter engaged in military service against Scotland in 1297, 1299, and 1301. Henry was ordered "to remain in the North during the winter campaign" in the war against Scotland in 1315.
Overlord of Knygttone Paynell manor in Wiltshire 1317, he was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex in 1320. He continued his military service into the reign of Edward II.
Lord Hoese was summoned as a knight of Gloucestershire and Sussex to the Great Council at Westminster (9 May 1324). He was ordered to military service in Gascony on December 21, 1324.
Henry Hussey died in February 1331–32 at age 66 "on Friday before St. Peter in cathedra, leaving widow, Isabel, and son and heir", ("Knights of Edward I").

</doc>
<doc id="2878033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878033" title="Mu'ayyad al-Dawla">
Mu'ayyad al-Dawla

Abu Mansur Buya (died 983), better known his honorific title of Mu'ayyad al-Dawla ("Helper of the of the Empire") was the Buyid amir of Hamadan (976–983), Jibal (977–983), Tabaristan (980–983), and Gorgan (981–983). He was the third son of Rukn al-Dawla.
Biography.
Abu Mansur Buya was the son of Rukn al-Dawla and a daughter of the Dailamite Firuzanid nobleman Al-Hasan ibn al-Fairuzan, who was the cousin of the famous military leader Makan ibn Kaki. Abu Mansur Buya lived in Isfahan during his youth. In 955, a Dailamite military officer named Muhammad ibn Makan, attacked Isfahan. Abu Mansur Buya, along with family and followers, were then forced to leave the city.
The eldest son of Rukn al-Dawla, 'Adud al-Dawla, along with Rukn al-Dawla's "vizier" Abu 'l-Fadl ibn al-'Amid, then marched towards Isfahan and defeated Muhammad ibn Makan. After Isfahan was under safe Buyid hands once again, Abu Mansur Buya along with his family and followers then returned to the city. In ca. 958, Abu Mansur Buya went to Baghdad, and married Mu'izz al-Dawla's daughter Zubayda. After the marriage, he along with her returned to Isfahan. Later in 966, Abu Mansur Buya was given the honorific title of "Mu'ayyad al-Dawla"
As part of the settlement between Rukn al-Dawla and his eldest son 'Adud al-Dawla in early 976, Mu'ayyad al-Dawla was to receive Hamadan upon his father's death, in exchange for recognizing 'Adud al-Dawla as senior amir. Only a year later, Rukn al-Dawla's second son Fakhr al-Dawla, who ruled in Ray, rebelled against 'Adud al-Dawla's authority. Mu'ayyad al-Dawla mobilized in support of 'Adud al-Dawla, forcing Fakhr al-Dawla to flee to the Ziyarids of Gorgan and Tabaristan. This did not stop the two Buyids; 'Adud al-Dawla took Gorgan in 980, while Mu'ayyad al-Dawla gained control of Tabaristan in 981. Mu'ayyad al-Dawla was entrusted with the newly captured provinces as 'Adud al-Dawla's subordinate.
'Adud al-Dawla died in March 983, and Mu'ayyad al-Dawla followed him shortly afterwards. His vizier, Sahib ibn 'Abbad, summoned a gathering of the army and convinced its leaders to proclaim Fakhr al-Dawla as his successor.

</doc>
<doc id="2878038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878038" title="Filipp Oktyabrsky">
Filipp Oktyabrsky

Filipp Sergeyevich Oktyabrskiy (, real surname: Ivanov - Иванов; October 23, 1899 — July 8, 1969, Sevastopol) was a Soviet naval commander and admiral (since 1944). Hero of the Soviet Union (awarded on February 20, 1958). Began service on the Baltic Fleet in November 1917. From March, 1939 up to April, 1943 and in March, 1944 - November, 1948 he was a commander of the Black Sea Fleet and headed its actions during the defence of Sevastopol and Odessa. After the war he was a Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Navy, commander of all naval test centres and from 1957 to 1960 head of the P.S. Nakhimov Higher Naval School in Sevastopol.
Honours and awards.
A Kresta II class cruiser was named in honour of the Admiral.

</doc>
<doc id="2878046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878046" title="Rise of nationalism under the Ottoman Empire">
Rise of nationalism under the Ottoman Empire

The rise of the Western notion of nationalism under the Ottoman Empire eventually caused the breakdown of the Ottoman "millet" concept. An understanding of the concept of the nationhood prevalent in the Ottoman Empire, which was different from the current one as it was centered on religion, helps us to understand what happened during the decline of the Ottoman Empire.
Albanians.
The 1877–1878 Russo-Turkish War dealt a decisive blow to Ottoman power in the Balkan Peninsula, leaving the empire with only a precarious hold on Macedonia and the Albanian-populated lands. The Albanians' fear that the lands they inhabited would be partitioned among Montenegro, Serbia, Bulgaria, and Greece fueled the rise of Albanian nationalism. The first postwar treaty, the abortive Treaty of San Stefano signed on March 3, 1878, assigned Albanian-populated lands to Serbia, Montenegro, and Bulgaria. Austria-Hungary and the United Kingdom blocked the arrangement because it awarded Russia a predominant position in the Balkans and thereby upset the European balance of power. A peace conference to settle the dispute was held later in the year in Berlin.
Arabs.
Arab nationalism is a nationalist ideology that arose in the 20th century mainly as a reaction to Turkish nationalism. It is based on the premise that nations from Morocco to the Arabian peninsula are united by their common linguistic, cultural and historical heritage. Pan-Arabism is a related concept, which calls for the creation of a single Arab state, but not all Arab nationalists are also Pan-Arabists. In the 19th century in response to Western influences, a radical change took shape. Conflict erupted between Muslims and Christians in different parts of the empire in a challenge to that hierarchy. This marked the beginning of the tensions which have to a large extent inspired the nationalist and religious rhetoric in the empire’s successor states throughout the 20th century.
A sentiment of Arab tribal solidarity ("asabiyya"), underlined by claims of Arab tribal descent and the continuance of classical Arabic exemplified in the Qur'an, preserved, from the rise of Islam, a vague sense of Arab identity among Arabs.
However, this phenomenon had no political manifestations (the 18th-century Wahhabi movement in Arabia was a religio-tribal movement, and the term "Arab" was used mainly to describe the inhabitants of Arabia and nomads) until the late 19th century, when the revival of Arabic literature was followed in the Syrian provinces of the Ottoman Empire by discussion of Arab cultural identity and demands for greater autonomy for Syria. This movement, however, was confined almost exclusively to certain Christian Arabs, and had little support. After the Young Turk revolution of 1908 in Turkey, these demands were taken up by some Syrian Muslim Arabs and various public or secret societies (the Beirut Reform Society led by Salim Ali Salam, 1912; the Ottoman Administrative Decentralization Party, 1912; al-Qahtaniyya, 1909; al-Fatat, 1911; and al-Ahd, 1912) were formed to advance demands ranging from autonomy to independence for the Ottoman Arab provinces. Members of some of these groups came together at the request of al-Fatat to form the Arab Congress of 1913 in Paris, where desired reforms were discussed.
Armenians.
Armenian national awakening in the Ottoman Empire was the section of "Armenian national liberation movement" to re-establish an Armenian state in the historic Armenian homelands of Eastern Anatolia. The Transcaucasus Armenian national awakening occurred in the Russian Armenia.
Until Tanzimat reforms were established, the Armenian millet was under the supervision of an Ethnarch ('national' leader), the Armenian Apostolic Church. The Armenian millet had a great deal of power - they set their own laws and collected and distributed their own taxes. During the Tanzimat period, a series of constitutional reforms provided a limited modernization of the Ottoman Empire also to the Armenians. In 1856, the "Hatt-ı Hümayun" promised equality for all Ottoman citizens irrespective of their ethnicity and confession, widening the scope of the 1839 Edict of Gülhane.
To deal with the Armenian national awakening, the Ottomans gradually gave more rights to its Armenian and other Christian citizens. In 1863 the Armenian National Constitution (Ottoman Turkish:"Nizâmnâme-i Millet-i Ermeniyân") was the Ottoman Empire approved form of the "Code of Regulations" composed of 150 articles drafted by the "Armenian intelligentsia", which defined the powers of Patriarch (position in Ottoman Millet) and newly formed "Armenian National Assembly". The reformist period peaked with the Constitution, called the "Kanûn-ı Esâsî" (meaning "Basic Law" in Ottoman Turkish), written by members of the Young Ottomans, which was promulgated on 23 November 1876. It established freedom of belief and equality of all citizens before the law. The Armenian National Assembly formed a "governance in governance" to eliminate the aristocratic dominance (Amira) of the Armenian nobles by development of the political strata among the Armenian society.
Bosniaks.
The Ottoman Sultans attempted to implement various economic reforms in the early 19th century in order to address the grave issues mostly caused by the border wars. The reforms, however, were usually met with resistance by the military captaincies of Bosnia. The most famous of these insurrections was the one by captain Husein Gradaščević in 1831. Gradaščević felt that giving autonomy to the eastern lands of Serbia, Greece and Albania would weaken the position of the Bosnian state, and the Bosniak peoples. Things got even worse, when the Ottomans took 2 Bosnian provinces and gave them to Serbia, as a friendly gift to the Serbs. Outraged, Gradaščević raised a full-scale rebellion in the province, joined by thousands of native Bosnian soldiers who believed in captain's prudence and courage, calling him "Zmaj od Bosne" (dragon of Bosnia). Despite winning several notable victories, notably at the famous Kosovo polje, the rebels were eventually defeated in a battle near Sarajevo in 1832 after Gradaščević was betrayed by Herzegovinian nobility. Husein-kapetan was banned from ever entering the country again, and was eventually poisoned in Istanbul. Bosnia and Herzegovina would remain part of the Ottoman empire until 1878. Before it was formally occupied by Austria-Hungary, the region was de facto independent for several months.
Bulgarians.
The rise of national conscience in Bulgaria led to the Bulgarian revival movement. Unlike Greece and Serbia, the nationalist movement in Bulgaria did not concentrate initially on armed resistance against the Ottoman Empire but on peaceful struggle for cultural and religious autonomy, the result of which was the establishment of the Bulgarian Exarchate on February 28, 1870. A large-scale armed struggle movement started to develop as late as the beginning of the 1870s with the establishment of the Internal Revolutionary Organisation and the Bulgarian Revolutionary Central Committee, as well as the active involvement of Vasil Levski in both organisations. The struggle reached its peak with the April Uprising which broke out in April 1876 in several Bulgarian districts in Moesia, Thrace and Macedonia. The barbaric suppression of the uprising and the atrocities committed against the civilian population increased the Bulgarian desire for independence. They also caused a tremendous indignation in Europe, where they became known as the Bulgarian Horrors.Consequently, at the 1876–1877 Constantinople Conference, European statesmen proposed a series of reforms. However, the sultan refused to implement them and Russia declared war. During the war Bulgarian volunteer forces (in Bulgarian опълченци) fought alongside the Russian army. They earned particular distinction in the epic battle for the Shipka Pass [http://www.britannica.com/eb/article?tocId=9067422. Upon the end of the war the Treaty of San Stefano was signed and Bulgaria was granted autonomy.
Greeks.
With the decline of the Eastern Roman Empire the pre-eminent role of Greek culture, literature and language became more apparent. From the 12th century onwards with the territorial reduction of the Empire to strictly Greek speaking areas the old multiethnic tradition, already weakened, gave way to a self-consciously national Greek consciousness and a greater interest in Hellenic culture evolved. Byzantines began to refer to themselves not just as Romans "(Rhomaioi)" but as Greeks "(Hellenes)." With the political extinction of the Empire it was the Greek Orthodox Church and the Greek speaking communities in the areas of Greek colonization and emigration that continued to cultivate this identity through schooling as well as the ideology of a Byzantine imperial heritage rooted both in the classical Greek past and in Roman Empire.
The position of educated and privileged Greeks within the Ottoman Empire improved in the 17th and 18th centuries. As the empire became more settled, and began to feel its increasing backwardness in relation to the European powers, it increasingly recruited Greeks who had the kind of academic, administrative, technical and financial skills which the larger Ottoman population lacked. Greeks made up the majority of the Empires translators, financiers, doctors and scholars. From the late 1600s Greeks began to fill some of the highest offices of the Ottoman state. The Phanariotes, a class of wealthy Greeks who lived in the Phanar district of Constantinople, became increasingly powerful. Their travels to other parts of Western Europe as merchants or diplomats brought them into contact with advanced ideas of the Enlightenment notably liberalism, radicalism and nationalism, and it was among the Phanariotes that the modern Greek nationalist movement matured. However, the dominant form of Greek nationalism (that later developed into the Megali Idea) was a messianic ideology of imperial Byzantine restoration, that specifically looked down upon "Frankish" culture, and enjoyed the patronage of the Orthodox Church.
Kurds.
The system of administration introduced by Idris remained unchanged until the close of the Russo-Turkish War of 1828–29. But the Kurds, owing to the remoteness of their country from the capital and the decline of Ottoman Empire, had greatly increased in influence and power, and had spread westwards over the country as far as Angora.
After the war the Kurds attempted to free themselves from Ottoman control , and in 1834, after the Bedirkhan clan uprising, it became necessary to reduce them to subjection. This was done by Reshid Pasha. The principal towns were strongly garrisoned, and many of the Kurd beys were replaced by Turkish governors. A rising under Bedr Khan Bey in 1843 was firmly repressed, and after the Crimean War the Turks strengthened their hold on the country.
The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78 was followed by the attempt of Sheikh Obaidullah in 1880–1881 to found an independent Kurd principality under the protection of the Ottoman Empire. The attempt, at first encouraged by the Porte, as a reply to the projected creation of an Armenian state under the suzerainty of Russia, collapsed after Obaidullah's raid into Persia, when various circumstances led the central government to reassert its supreme authority. Until the Russo-Turkish War of 1828–1829 there had been little hostile feeling between the Kurds and the Armenians, and as late as 1877–1878 the mountaineers of both races had co-existed fairly well together.
In 1891 the activity of the Armenian Committees induced the Porte to strengthen the position of the Kurds by raising a body of Kurdish irregular cavalry , which was well-armed and called Hamidieh after the Sultan Abd-ul-Hamid II. Minor disturbances constantly occurred, and were soon followed by the massacre of Armenians at Sasun and other places, 1894–1896, in which the Kurds took an active part. Some of the Kurds, like the nationalist Armenians, aimed to establish a Kurdish country.
Jews.
Zionism is an international political movement, although started outside the Ottoman Empire, Zionism regards the Jews as a national entity and seeks to preserve that entity. This has primarily focused on the creation of a homeland for the Jewish People in the Promised Land, and (having achieved this goal) continues as support for the modern state of Israel.
Although its origins are earlier, the movement became better organised and more closely linked with the imperial powers of the day following the involvement of the Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl in the late 19th century. The movement was eventually successful in establishing Israel in 1948, as the world's first and only modern Jewish State. Described as a "diaspora nationalism," its proponents regard it as a national liberation movement whose aim is the self-determination of the Jewish people.
Macedonians.
The national awakening of the Macedonians can be said to have begun in the late 19th century; this is the time of the first expressions of ethnic nationalism by limited groups of intellectuals in Belgrade, Sofia, Thessaloniki and St. Petersburg. The “Macedonian Question,” became especially prominent after the Balkan wars in 1912–1913 and the subsequent division of the Ottoman Macedonia between three neighboring Christian states, followed by tensions between them over its possession. In order to legitimize their claims, each of these countries tried to 'persuade' the population into allegiance. The Macedonist ideas grew in significance after the First World War, both in Kingdom of Yugoslavia and among the left-leaning diaspora in Kingdom of Bulgaria, and were endorsed by the Comintern.
Romanians.
The movement, which was started about the same time by the Pandur leader Tudor Vladimirescu, as a mainly anti-Phanariote revolt encouraged by local boyars and the Filiki Eteria, soon acquired an anti-Greek tendency. The Eteria had occupied Moldavia and shared in Wallachia's administration with Tudor himself; Vladimirescu was assassinated after a major disagreement with his upper-class supporters, including Eterists.
The Ottomans intervened to reestablish tutelage, effectively destroying the Eterist structure in the Danubian Principalities; faced with the betrayal of Phanariote rulers, who had identified with the cause of Greek nationalism, and assured that an administration by locals would remain loyal vis-a-vis Imperial Russian intervention, Sultan Mahmud II consented in 1822 to the nomination of two native boyars, Ioan Sturdza and Grigore IV Ghica as hospodars of Moldavia and Wallachia.
Serbs.
Serbian national movement represents one of the first examples of successful national resistance against the Ottoman rule. It culminated in two mass uprisings at the beginning of the 19th century, leading to national liberation and establishment of the modern Serbian state and Montenegro. One of the main centers of this movement was the Belgrade Pashaluk (), which became the core of the reestablished Serbian national state.
A number of factors contributed to its rise. Above all the nucleus of national identity was preserved in the form of the Serbian Orthodox Church which remained in one form or another autonomous throughout the period of Ottoman occupation. Adherence to Orthodox Christianity is still considered an important factor in ethnic self-determination. Both of these entities preserved links with medieval Kingdom of Serbia keeping the idea of national liberation alive.
The other group of factors stem from regional political events during the period of Ottoman rule, the 17th and 18th centuries in particular. At the turn of the 19th century the region of Belgrade Pashaluk had a relatively recent experience of Austrian rule, as a result of Treaty of Passarowitz. Although the territory of northern Serbia was reverted to Ottoman rule according to the Treaty of Belgrade, the region saw almost continuous warfare during the 18th century. As a result, the Ottomans never established full feudal order in the Belgrade Pashaluk. Free peasants owning small plots of land constituted the majority of population. Furthermore, most of the leaders of future armed rebellions earned valuable military knowledge serving in Austrian irregular troops, Freikorps. The proximity of the Austrian border provided the opportunity of getting the needed military material. Serbian national leaders could also count on financial and logistic support of fellow Serbs living in relative prosperity in Austrian Empire.
The immediate cause for the start of the First Serbian Uprising was mismanagement of the province by renegade Janissary troops which managed to seize power in Belgrade. However fueled by initial success the rebellion quickly grew to a fully fledged war of national liberation, with clear aim to spread armed struggle to other Ottoman regions inhabited by Serbian population.
Though ultimately unsuccessful, this First Serbian Uprising paved the way for the Second Serbian Uprising of 1815, which eventually succeeded in Serbia.
Resurrected Serbia would eventually become a center of resistance to Ottomans, actively supporting liberation movements in neighboring Christian lands, especially Bosnia, Bulgaria and Macedonia. Serbia would go on to fight a series of, largely successful wars with Ottoman empire culminating in the First Balkan War of 1912.
Turks.
Pan-Turkism emerged with the Turanian Society founded in 1839 by Tatars. However Turkish nationalism was developed much later in 1908 with the Turkish Society, which later expanded into the Turkish Hearth and eventually expanded to include ideologies such as Pan-Turanism and Pan-Turkism. With the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire, the Turkish populations of the empire which were mostly expelled from the newly established states in the Balkans and the Caucasus formed a new national identity under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal along the Kemalist ideology.
Turkish revolutionaries were patriots of the Turkish national movement who rebelled against the partitioning of the Ottoman Empire by the Allies and the Ottoman government in the aftermath of the Armistice of Mudros which ended the Ottoman Empire's participation in World War I; and against the Treaty of Sèvres in 1920, which was signed by the Ottoman government and partitioned Anatolia among Allies and their supporters.
Turkish revolutionaries under the leadership of Ataturk fought during the Turkish war of independence against the Allies supported by Armenians (First Republic of Armenia), Greeks (Greece) and the French Armenian Legion, accompanied by the Armenian militia during the Franco-Turkish War. Turkish revolutionaries rejected the Treaty of Sèvres and negotiated the Treaty of Lausanne, which recognized the independence of the Republic of Turkey and its absolute sovereignty over Eastern Thrace and Anatolia.

</doc>
<doc id="2878060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878060" title="Channel 10 (Israel)">
Channel 10 (Israel)

Channel 10 (, "Arutz Eser"), formerly known as Israel 10 (, "Yisrael Eser") is a commercial broadcasting television channel licensed in Israel. It operates under the auspices of the Second Israeli Broadcasting Authority (SBA). Channel 10 is one of two Commercial Broadcast Channels in Israel, enjoying an average television ratings (in its main news program) of 10.7% (2011). Channel 10 is the only Israeli broadcast Channel to be carried by local Cables in North America and Europe. The channel is also broadcasting online at the official website.
History.
Channel 10 began broadcasting on January 28, 2002. The channel offers original drama series, entertainment shows, news shows, lifestyle programs and foreign programs. The channel also operates its own news company.In 2006, during the Second Lebanon War, Channel 10 News exposed a series of malfunctions in the decision making process leading to the War. Two American presidents have granted Channel 10 exclusive interviews, and during 2011 alone it aired interviews with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague, Governor Rick Perry, Dennis Ross, French Presidential Candidate Marine Le Pen and others.
In 2011 the Channel encountered financial difficulties and asked the Knesset's finance committee to postpone payment on a tax and royalty debt to the State. The Coalition of Netanyahu's government, in response, ordered all of its MK's to vote against such a postponement. Such tax waivers were regularly given in the past. Israeli and International press published that the Israeli Government has done so in retaliation to an exclusive story published by Channel 10 news, investigating the way in which Netanyahu financed trips abroad, together with his wife. Following that story, the State Comptroller opened a formal investigation and Prime Minister Netanyahu filled a libel suit against the Channel.
Financial crisis.
In November 2008, when Channel 10 found itself in severe financial straits, the SBA gave its present owners until March 1, 2009 to refinance its debt. However, in January 2009 the Knesset's Economic Affairs Committee overturned this decision. The decision meant that Channel 10's shareholders, Yossi Maiman, Ron Lauder and Arnon Milchan, would be replaced as the channel's operators in February 2010. The regular broadcast schedules were to remain in place until they are replaced by the new franchisee. The channel owned a NIS 10 million debt, which the Treasury demanded in cash after agreeing to defer the rest of the channel's NIS 28 million debt.
By July 2009, Channel 10 had cost its shareholders have NIS 1.3 billion. It also owed about NIS 103 million more for content, license fees and royalties. The shareholders stated they would not pay the debt. Maiman announced that he and the other partners had no intention of paying any more of the channel's bills, and the channel announced that it was canceling planned productions. In August, the channel's directors undertook to invest NIS 19 million in television content, NIS 4 million more than their previous offer. They also agreed to invest more of the money for dramatic productions. Artist guild representatives said that they would petition the Israeli High Court of Justice if the agreement did not take them into account. In September, the SBA suspended its search for a new franchisee pending the approval of the Treasury and the Communications Ministry.
Until the end of 2011 the fate of the channel remains unknown. Finally in mid January, the channel got one more year to regulate its financial obligations and the threat on the closure of the channel has been removed for now.
Original productions.
In addition to these shows, 10 also produces and broadcasts the Israeli versions of the quizzes "The Weakest Link", "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", "Deal or No Deal", and "Jeopardy!", the reality shows "The Biggest Loser", "Survivor", "Beauty and the Geek", "The Bachelor" and "America's Next Top Model" and the comedy improvisation show "Whose Line is it Anyway?". It also broadcasts "Krav Sakinim" ("Knife Fight"), a local adaptation of the Japanese cooking competition show "Iron Chef"." Every Night with Assaf Harel" was a late night talk show on Channel 10. In mid 2013, the Israeli version of "" began airing on this channel, hosted by Amos Tamam.
Controversies.
In 2009, the Vatican complained to the Israeli government about a TV clip aired on Channel 10 that allegedly blasphemed Jesus and Mary. On a show hosted by Lior Shlein, a clip was shown where Mary was said to have become pregnant at 15 by a schoolmate and the idea of Jesus walking on water was dismissed because "he was so fat he was ashamed to leave the house, let alone go to the Sea of Galilee with a bathing suit." Israel said the broadcaster would publicly apologize.
In another incident in 2009, a reality show contestant called his shoe "Mohammed", sparking an angry response from local Muslims. In a clip, one of the contestants referred to his shoes as "Nasrin" and "Mohammed." Nasrin, an Israeli Arab from Haifa who was voted off the show early, had clashed with him.

</doc>
<doc id="2878064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878064" title="Dion Ebrahim">
Dion Ebrahim

Dion Digby Ebrahim (born August 7, 1980 in Bulawayo) is a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Ebrahim is a defensive batsmen who prefers to score cautiously in order to build an innings. Ebrahim has a highest One Day International score of 121 and highest Test score of 94.
A graduate of the CFX Academy in Harare, Ebrahim was considered an integral part of Zimbabwean cricket until falling out of favour with authorities.
After departing from Zimbabwe in 2005, he has played in UK as the captain of Stony Stratford CC who play in the Northants Premier Division.
He also played in New Zealand for the Hawera United Cricket Club and Taranaki CC in the Hawke Cup.
In 2009, he was contracted by Zimbabwean franchise side Matabeleland Tuskers. He was released by his kiwi club team Taranaki CC to let him play domestic cricket in Zimbabwe and push for a spot in Zimbabwean national side. He appeared for the Tuskers and thus he made himself available for national selection again. He is a prolific run scorer for Matabeleland Tuskers since his return and is a valuable member of the side.
In mid-2011, he played for Shenley village in the herts league in England. He spent the 2011/12 and the 2012/13 summer playing in Taranaki, New Zealand.
Arrest.
Dion was arrested for using a Zimbabwe Cricket sponsored car after the ZC board did not offer him a new contract. Dion's lawyer told the police that ZC did not pay Dion his outstanding match fees. It was revealed that Tatenda Taibu was also involved in the case. ZC owed both Dion and Tatenda $200,000 each in backpay. Tatenda told Associated Press that he would not give back the car until he had match fee outstandings paid to him fully. But the ZC Board said that the Ebrahim's payment is separate to the continued use of the ZC registered car. The problem remains unsolved.
Dion Ebrahim Joined the ambitious Shenley Village cricket club, who Play at the excellent facilities of the Shenley Cricket centre. Dion was appointed the captain and club head coach for 2011 to spearhead the ongoing development of the clubs senior and Junior sections to help them build the complete infrastructure needed to become a premier league club. His 6 centuries helped make him only the 6th person to score 1000 league runs in a season, as well as taking 42 wickets, and steering the club to the last 8 in the county cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2878072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878072" title="Festival of Lights">
Festival of Lights

Festival of Lights or Celebration of Light may refer to:
In religion:
In culture:

</doc>
<doc id="2878084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878084" title="Lola Mora">
Lola Mora

Dolores Candelaria Mora Vega de Hernández or Dolores Mora Vega (17 November 1866 – 7 June 1936), known as Lola Mora, was a sculptor, born in a barn in the , though generally considered native to Trancas, province of Tucumán, where she was recorded and baptized. She is known today as a rebel and a pioneer of women in her artistic field.
Biography.
Lola Mora was the daughter of Romualdo Alejandro Mora, a prosperous landowner of Tucumán and Regina Vega. She was also a goddaughter of Nicolás Avellaneda and a protégé of Julio Argentino Roca. 
At 20 years of age she began painting portraits, but soon turned to sculpting marble and granite. She studied art in her home province and then, with a scholarship, in Rome, Italy, where she created her greatest works, some of them by request of the Argentine government. In 1900 she was charged with creating two bas-reliefs for the Historical House of Tucumán (seat of Argentina's Declaration of Independence of 1816).
Her style and exposure were controversial and rebellious. In 1903 her "The Nereids Fountain", created for the city of Buenos Aires, met bureaucratic problems at the city's Deliberative Council, which had the sculpture moved from place to place.
Near the end of her life, she did some extravagant business (such as financing petroleum surveys in Salta), and then retired with only a pension to support herself. After her death in Buenos Aires, in poverty and obscurity, friends of hers burned her letters, mementos and personal diaries.
Although it is not commonly known, Lola Mora obtained various patents. One included a system to project films without a screen (using a column of vapor), as well as systems for mining.
Works.
Some of Lola Mora's works are:

</doc>
<doc id="2878087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878087" title="Boozoo Bajou">
Boozoo Bajou

Boozoo Bajou is a musical duo from Germany. They are noted for their distinct blend of Cajun sounds with island rhythms. Their first album, "Satta", was released in 2001. In 2005 they released "Dust My Broom". The list of Boozoo Bajou remixes for other artists includes Common, Tosca, Trüby Trio, and Tony Joe White.

</doc>
<doc id="2878095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878095" title="Salvatore Giuliano (film)">
Salvatore Giuliano (film)

Salvatore Giuliano is a 1962 Italian film directed by Francesco Rosi. Shot in a neo-realist documentary, non-linear style, it follows the lives of those involved with the famous Sicilian bandit, Salvatore Giuliano. Giuliano is mostly off-screen during the film and appears most notably as a corpse.
Reception.
Derek Malcolm called it "almost certainly the best film about the social and political forces that have shaped [Sicily,] that benighted island." Gino Moliterno argued that "Rosi's highly original strategy in this landmark film is to aim at neither an "objective" journalistic documentary nor a fictional recreation but to employ as wide a range of disparate formal and stylistic elements as necessary to conduct a committed search for the truth that becomes, in a sense, its own narrative."
David Gurevich said that "Rosi marries the neo-realist, black-and-white, populist aesthetic to the mad media circus of "La Dolce Vita", tosses in some minimalist alienation from Antonioni, makes the film jump back and forth in time without any markers (so that you realize you're back in the present only a few minutes after you're already in a sequence), and makes his despair so infectious that we would probably be disappointed to know the truth." Terrence Rafferty noted that ""Salvatore Giuliano" manages to sustain an almost impossible balance of immediacy and reflection: it's such an exciting piece of filmmaking that you might not realize until the end that its dominant tone is contemplative, even melancholy."
Director Martin Scorsese listed "Salvatore Giuliano" as one of his twelve favorite films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="2878096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878096" title="Longitudinal mode">
Longitudinal mode

"For the longitudinal mode of conduction of electric currents, see Common mode"
A longitudinal mode of a resonant cavity is a particular standing wave pattern formed by waves confined in the cavity. The longitudinal modes correspond to the wavelengths of the wave which are reinforced by constructive interference after many reflections from the cavity's reflecting surfaces. All other wavelengths are suppressed by destructive interference.
A longitudinal mode pattern has its nodes located axially along the length of the cavity. Transverse modes, with nodes located perpendicular to the axis of the cavity, may also exist.
Simple cavity.
A common example of longitudinal modes are the light wavelengths produced by a laser. In the simplest case, the laser's optical cavity is formed by two opposed plane (flat) mirrors surrounding the gain medium (a plane-parallel or Fabry–Pérot cavity). The allowed modes of the cavity are those where the mirror separation distance "L" is equal to an exact multiple of half the wavelength, "λ":
where "q" is an integer known as the mode order.
In practice, the separation distance of the mirrors "L" is usually much greater than the wavelength of light "λ", so the relevant values of "q" are large (around 105 to 106). The frequency separation between any two adjacent modes, "q" and "q"+1, in a material that is transparent at the laser wavelength, are given (for an empty linear resonator of length "L") by Δ"ν":
where "c" is the speed of light and n is the refractive index of the material (note: n≈1 in air).
Composite cavity.
If the cavity is non-empty (i.e. contains one or more elements with different values of refractive index), the values of "L" used are the optical path lengths for each element. The frequency spacing of longitudinal modes in the cavity is then given by:
where "n"i is the refractive index of the i'th element of length "L"i.
More generally, the longitudinal modes may be found for any type of wave in a cavity by solving the relevant wave equation with the appropriate boundary conditions. 
Both transverse and longitudinal waves may have longitudinal modes when confined to a cavity.
The analysis of longitudinal modes is especially important in lasers with single transversal mode, for example, in single-mode fiber lasers. The number of longitudinal modes of such a laser can be estimated as ratio of the spectral width of gain to the spectral separation of longitudinal modes.
Power per longitudinal mode.
For lasers with single transversal mode, the power per one longitudinal mode can be significantly increased by the coherent addition of lasers. Such addition allows one to both scale-up the output power of a single-transverse-mode laser and reduce number of longitudinal modes; because the system chooses automatically only the modes which are common for all the combined lasers. The reduction of the number of longitudinal modes determines the limits of the coherent addition. The ability to coherently add one additional laser is exhausted when one longitudinal mode, common for the combined lasers, lies within the spectral width of the gain; a subsequent addition will lead to loss of efficiency of the coherent combination and will not increase the power per "longitudinal mode" of such a laser.

</doc>
<doc id="2878098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878098" title="Alemtuzumab">
Alemtuzumab

Alemtuzumab is a drug used in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) and T-cell lymphoma under the trade names Campath, MabCampath and Campath-1H, and in the treatment of multiple sclerosis as Lemtrada. It is also used in some conditioning regimens for bone marrow transplantation, kidney transplantation and islet cell transplantation.
It is a monoclonal antibody that binds to CD52, a protein present on the surface of mature lymphocytes, but not on the stem cells from which these lymphocytes are derived. After treatment with alemtuzumab, these CD52-bearing lymphocytes are targeted for destruction.
Alemtuzumab is used as second-line therapy for CLL. It was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for CLL patients who have been treated with alkylating agents and who have failed fludarabine therapy. It has been approved by Health Canada for the same indication, and additionally for CLL patients who have not had any previous therapies.
(Mab)Campath was withdrawn from the markets in the US and Europe in 2012 to prepare for a higher-priced relaunch of Lemtrada aimed at multiple sclerosis.
A complication of therapy with alemtuzumab is that it significantly increases the risk for opportunistic infections, in particular, reactivation of cytomegalovirus.
Medical uses.
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Alemtuzumab is indicated for the treatment of B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (B-CLL) in patients who have been treated with alkylating agents and who have failed fludarabine therapy. It is an unconjugated antibody, thought to work via the activation of antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC).
Multiple sclerosis.
In 2008 early tests at Cambridge University suggest that alemtuzumab might be useful in treating and even reversing the effects of multiple sclerosis. Promising results were reported in 2011 from a phase III trial against interferon beta 1a. A combination trial with glatiramer acetate (Copaxone) is being considered, and is expected to work synergistically.
In September 2013 alemtuzumab was approved for first-line use in the EU.
In November 2013, the US FDA issued a comprehensive briefing on alemtuzumab for an agency review meeting. The document highlighted numerous serious safety and efficacy concerns, including substantial doubts about the adequacy of relevant clinical trials. In December 2013, the US FDA indicated that the Lemtrada application is not ready for approval, due to lack of evidence from "adequate and well-controlled studies" that demonstrate that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks. The CEO of Genzyme, David Meeker, strongly disagreed with this decision and plans to file an appeal.
Contraindications.
Alemtuzumab is contraindicated in patients who have active systemic infections, underlying immunodeficiency (e.g., seropositive for HIV), or known Type I hypersensitivity or anaphylactic reactions to the substance.
Adverse effects.
Alemtuzumab has been associated with infusion-related events including hypotension, rigors, fever, shortness of breath, bronchospasm, chills, and/or rash. In post-marketing reports, the following serious infusion-related events were reported: syncope, pulmonary infiltrates, ARDS, respiratory arrest, cardiac arrhythmias, myocardial infarction and cardiac arrest. The cardiac adverse events have resulted in death in some cases.
It can also precipitate autoimmune disease through the suppression of suppressor T cell populations and/or the emergence of autoreactive B-cells.
Biochemical properties.
Alemtuzumab is a recombinant DNA-derived humanized IgG1 kappa monoclonal antibody that is directed against the 21–28 kDa cell surface glycoprotein CD52.
History.
The origins of alemtuzumab date back to "Campath-1" which was derived from the rat antibodies raised against human lymphocyte proteins by Herman Waldmann and colleagues in 1983. The name "Campath" derives from the "path"ology department of "Cam"bridge University.
Initially, Campath-1 was not ideal for therapy because patients could, in theory, react against the foreign rat protein determinants of the antibody. To circumvent this problem, Greg Winter and his colleagues humanised Campath-1, by extracting the hypervariable loops that had specificity for CD52 and grafting them onto a human antibody framework. This became known as Campath-1H and serves as the basis for alemtuzumab.
While alemtuzumab started life as a laboratory tool for understanding the immune system, within a short time it was clinically investigated for use to improve the success of bone marrow transplants and as a treatment for leukaemia, lymphoma, vasculitis, organ transplants, rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis.
Campath as medication was first approved for B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia in 2001. It is marketed by Genzyme, which acquired the world-wide rights from Bayer AG in 2009. Genzyme was bought by Sanofi in 2011. In August/September 2012 Campath was withdrawn from the markets in the US and Europe. This was done to prevent off-label use of the drug to treat multiple sclerosis and to prepare for a relaunch under the trade name "Lemtrada", with a different dosage aimed at multiple sclerosis treatment, this is expected to be much higher-priced.
Bayer reserves the right to co promote Lemtrada for 5 years, with the option to renew for an additional five years.
Sanofi acquisition and change of license controversy.
In February 2011, Sanofi-Aventis, since renamed Sanofi, acquired Genzyme, the manufacturer of alemtuzumab. The acquisition was delayed by a dispute between the two companies regarding the value of alemtuzumab. The dispute was settled by the issuance of Contingent Value Rights, a type of stock warrant which pays a dividend only if alemtuzumab reaches certain sales targets. The contingent value rights (CVR) trade on the NASDAQ-GM market with the ticker symbol GCVRZ.
In August 2012, Genzyme surrendered the licence for all presentations of alemtuzumab, pending regulatory approval to re-introduce it as a treatment for multiple sclerosis. Concerns that Genzyme would later bring to market the same product at a much higher price proved correct.
Research and off-label use.
Graft-versus-host disease.
A 2009 study of alemtuzumab in 20 patients with severe steroid-resistant acute intestinal graft-versus-host disease after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) demonstrated improvement. Overall response rate was 70%, with complete response in 35%. In this study, the median survival was 280 days. Important complications following this treatment included cytomegalovirus reactivation, bacterial infection, and invasive aspergillosis infection.

</doc>
<doc id="2878100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878100" title="NTP, Inc.">
NTP, Inc.

NTP, Inc. is a Virginia-based patent holding company founded in 1992 by the late inventor Thomas J. Campana Jr. and Donald E. Stout. The company's primary asset is a portfolio of 50 US patents and additional pending US and international patent applications. These patents and patent applications disclose inventions in the fields of wireless email and RF Antenna design. The named inventors include Andrew Andros and Thomas Campana. About half of the US patents were originally assigned to Telefind Corporation, a Florida-based company (now out of business) partly owned by Campana.
NTP has been characterized as a patent troll because it is a non-practicing entity that aggressively enforces its patent portfolio against larger, well established companies. The most notable case was against Research in Motion, makers of the BlackBerry mobile email system.
NTP also owns an equity stake in mobile email start up company Visto.
Patent licenses.
NTP has licensed its mobile email patents to Visto, Nokia, Good Technology, RIM and all of RIM's partners. The RIM license agreement was part of an overall settlement of a patent infringement lawsuit brought by NTP against RIM (see below).
NTP has attempted to license to Palm, Inc., but license negotiations have broken down. On November 6, 2006, NTP announced that it had filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Palm, Inc. in response to the breakdown in licensing talks.
However, on March 22, 2007, United States District Court Judge James R. Spencer (Eastern Division of Virginia, Richmond Division) granted a stay of proceedings in the NTP's lawsuit against Palm, Inc.
Judge Spencer also granted Palm's motion to strike from the complaint NTP's allegation of wrongdoing at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
In September 2007, NTP filed patent infringement lawsuits against several large telecommunications companies including AT&T, Sprint Nextel, T-Mobile, and Verizon Wireless. It asserted the same patents that it asserted against RIM. The cases have not yet been settled. The case has been stayed pending the outcome of the re-examination.
In 2006 the New York Times reported that Geoff Goodfellow, a former Silicon valley entrepreneur who developed and commercialized wireless push email, was reportedly paid $4,000 USD per day in "hush money" to withhold information that could have potentially invalidated the claims in the NTP v. RIM lawsuit.
RIM patent infringement litigation.
In 2000, NTP sent notice of their wireless email patents to a number of companies and offered to license the patents to them. None of the companies took a license. NTP brought a patent infringement lawsuit against one of the companies, Research in Motion, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. This court is well known for its strict adherence to timetables and deadlines, sometimes referred to as the "rocket docket," and is particularly efficient at trying patent cases.
During the trial, RIM tried to show that a functional wireless email system was already in the public domain at the time the NTP inventions had been made. This would have invalidated the NTP patents. The prior system was called "System for Automated Messages" (SAM). RIM demonstrated SAM in court and it appeared to work. But the NTP attorneys discovered that RIM was not using vintage SAM software, but a more modern version that came after NTP's inventions were made. Therefore the judge instructed the jury to disregard the demonstration as invalid.
The jury eventually found that the NTP patents were valid, that RIM had infringed them, that the infringement had been "willful", and that the infringement had cost NTP $33 million in damages (the greater of a reasonable royalty or lost profits). The judge, James R. Spencer increased the damages to $53 million as a punitive measure because the infringement had been willful. He also instructed RIM to pay NTP's legal fees of $4.5 million and issued an injunction ordering RIM to cease and desist infringing the patents. This would have shut down the BlackBerry systems in the US.
RIM appealed all of the findings of the court. The injunction and other remedies were stayed pending the outcome of the appeals.
In March 2005 during the appeals process, RIM and NTP tried to negotiate a settlement of their dispute. One of the terms of the settlement was to be for $450 million. But negotiations broke down due to other issues. On June 10, 2005 the matter returned to the courts.
In early November 2005 the US Department of Justice filed a brief requesting that RIM's service be allowed to continue because of the large number of BlackBerry users in the US Federal Government.
In January 2006, the US Supreme Court refused to hear RIM's appeal of the holding of liability for patent infringement, and the matter was returned to a lower court. The previously granted injunction preventing all RIM sales in the US and use of the BlackBerry device might have been enforced by the presiding district court judge had the two parties not been able to reach a settlement.
On February 9, 2006, the US Department of Defense (DOD) filed a brief stating that an injunction shutting down the BlackBerry service while excluding government users was unworkable. The DOD also stated that the BlackBerry was crucial for national security given the large number of government users.
On February 9, 2006, RIM announced that it had developed software workarounds that would not infringe the NTP patents, and would implement those if the injunction was enforced. 
On March 3, 2006, after a stern warning from Judge Spencer, RIM and NTP announced that they had settled their dispute. Under the terms of the settlement, RIM has agreed to pay NTP $612.5 million (USD) in a “full and final settlement of all claims.” In a statement, RIM said that “all terms of the agreement have been finalized and the litigation against RIM has been dismissed by a court order this afternoon. The agreement eliminates the need for any further court proceedings or decisions relating to damages or injunctive relief.” The settlement is believed low by some analysts, because of the absence of any future royalties on the technology in question.
Patent reexaminations.
During the litigation, RIM found previously unconsidered prior art that "raised a substantial new question of patentability" of the NTP patents. RIM filed 12 "requests for a reexamination" in the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) from December 2002 to May 2005. A team of senior patent examiners at the USPTO was assigned to the cases and the cases were granted "special" status. Special status means that the proceedings are accelerated.
NTP became suspicious of contacts between RIM and the PTO, prompting the company to file FOIA requests which revealed attempts by RIM attorney David Stewart to obtain off-the-record interviews with PTO examiners, though such interviews are prohibited by federal regulations (e.g., 37 CFR 1.560(a), stating that "requests that reexamination requesters participate in interviews with examiners will not be granted").
RIM and NTP filed thousands of pages of documentation and expert opinions to support their respective positions. Some of the cases have been examined and some of the patents were rejected. In two of the cases, the rejections were made final.
NTP has appealed the final rejections to the USPTO's Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences (BPAI). A key issue is whether certain documents found in a Norwegian library should be considered "publications" and would therefore anticipate the claims of the patents. These documents are known as the "Telenor" documents.
The BPAI affirmed the rejection and NTP appealed the decision the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC).
On August 1, 2011, the CAFC vacated in part, reversed in part, and remanded the case back to the USPTO. The CAFC agreed that the Telenor documents were a valid reference, but that the USPTO had given the phrase “electronic email an overly broad interpretation in its rejection of the claims.
2010 Litigation.
On 2010-07-09, NTP filed suit against Apple, Google, HTC, LG, Microsoft and Motorola. On Dec. 9, 2010, Article One Partners announced that 3 of the patents held by NTP would be posted to their online community to utilize Public participation in patent examination.
2012 Settlements.
NTP announced on July 23, 2012, that it has settled patent suits with AT&T Inc., Verizon Wireless, Sprint Nextel Corp., T-Mobile USA, Apple Inc., HTC Corp., Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc. (now part of Google Inc.), Palm Inc. (now part of Hewlett-Packard Co.), LG Electronics, Samsung Electronics, Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., and Yahoo Inc. The terms of the settlements were not disclosed.
USPTO reexamination serial numbers.
This list may not be complete. Several cases have been merged.

</doc>
<doc id="2878102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878102" title="Smart work zone">
Smart work zone

A smart work zone is a road work zone in which technology is employed to increase safety and provide information. Smart work zones often use radar guns or other non-intrusive sensors to detect the presence and speed of vehicles approaching a work zone, in order to display an appropriate message on one or more variable message signs.
In a "dynamic merge" system, for example, vehicles approaching a lane closure are directed to use all available lanes when congestion develops and speeds are low. When speeds are high, motorists are directed to merge early or are left to use their own judgement. Such a system is usually deployed in addition to traditional static messaging.
"Blind-area" diagrams can be generated using physical measurements and computer simulations to reveal the space around construction vehicles where workers and vehicles are at the highest risk of not being seen. A well-developed blind-area diagram can better inform construction crews on how to best block roads and position workers. Diagrams are created using a method jointly developed by the Caterpillar Inc. and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health which plots equipment on a grid and determines visibility of other objects relative to the equipment.[http://www.cdc.gov/niosh/topics/highwayworkzones/BAD/manualmethod.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2878104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878104" title="Microrasbora">
Microrasbora

Microrasbora is a genus of small fishes. The generic name means "small Rasbora", however these are more closely related to the danios than rasboras. They inhabit mainly Thailand and Myanmar, with one putative species in China.
Current Taxonomy.
"Microrasbora", until recently, included a number of described species. "Microrasbora erythromicron" was first shown to be a member of the genus "Danio" in 1999. This move has been confirmed by numerous studies. Three other species, "M. gatesi", "M. kubotai", and "M. nana" were moved to a new genus, "Microdevario", leaving "Microrasbora rubescens" as the only confirmed species in the genus. However, Fang et al. did not comment on the placement of "Microrasbora microphthalma".
Species.
Species of uncertain affinity:

</doc>
<doc id="2878109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878109" title="Klosters">
Klosters

Klosters, officially Klosters-Serneus, is a municipality in the district of Prättigau/Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
Its well-known ski resort lies from Zurich, the nearest international airport. Transfer time is about 1.5 hours. Klosters is from Davos. It is a popular ski location and the slopes are easily accessible via a large cable car.
History.
Klosters-Serneus is first mentioned in 1222 as "ecclesiam sancti Iacobi". In 1436 it was mentioned as "zuo dem Closter".
Geography.
Klosters-Serneus has an area, , of . Of this area, 25.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 18.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (54.5%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in and is the only municipality in Klosters sub-district of the Prättigau/Davos district. It was created in 1865 through the merger of the formerly independent municipalities of Serneus and Klosters. Until 1973 Klosters-Serneus was known as Klosters. It is the last and uppermost village in the Prättigau valley. It consists of the villages of Klosters and Serneus and is made up of the sections of Platz, Dorf, Selfranga, Äuja and Monbiel
Demographics.
Klosters-Serneus has a population (as of ) of . , 17.2% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -2.8%. Most of the population () speaks German (88.7%), with Portuguese being second most common (2.9%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (2.6%). 
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.9% male and 51.1% female. The age distribution, , in Klosters-Serneus is; 423 children or 10.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 398 teenagers or 10.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 518 people or 13.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 588 people or 15.1% are between 30 and 39, 552 people or 14.2% are between 40 and 49, and 540 people or 13.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 422 people or 10.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 268 people or 6.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 145 people or 3.7% who are between 80 and 89 there are 35 people or 0.9% who are between 90 and 99, and 1 person who is 100 or more.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 46.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (28.7%), the SP (17.2%) and the CVP (4.7%).
In Klosters-Serneus about 76.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
Klosters-Serneus has an unemployment rate of 0.93%. , there were 189 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 80 businesses involved in this sector. 590 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 66 businesses in this sector. 1,271 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 203 businesses in this sector.
From the , 895 or 23.0% are Roman Catholic, while 2,587 or 66.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there are 106 individuals (or about 2.72% of the population) who belong to the Orthodox Church, and there are 13 individuals (or about 0.33% of the population) who belong to another Christian church. There are 32 (or about 0.82% of the population) who are Islamic. There are 14 individuals (or about 0.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), 221 (or about 5.68% of the population) belong to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 27 individuals (or about 0.69% of the population) did not answer the question.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Skiing.
Klosters is well known as a favorite ski resort for Charles, Prince of Wales and subsequently one cable car to the top of Gotschnagrat is named the "Prince of Wales".
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Reformierte Kirche am Platz" is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Transport.
Klosters is served by regular train services at Klosters station, alongside a variety of regional and local bus services.
Climate.
Klosters has a Tundra climate (ET) under the Köppen climate classification. The average annual temperature is . The average coldest month was January with an average temperature of , while the warmest month was July with an average temperature of . The wettest month was August during which time Klosters received an average of of rain or snow. During this month it received precipitation for 14.6 days. The month of June had the most precipitation days, 14.9 but only had of precipitation. The driest month was February during which time Klosters received an average of of rain or snow. During this month it received precipitation for 10.6 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2878111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878111" title="Developable surface">
Developable surface

In mathematics, a developable surface (or torse: archaic) is a surface with zero Gaussian curvature. That is, it is a "surface" that can be flattened onto a plane without distortion (i.e. "stretching" or "compressing"). Conversely, it is a surface which can be made by transforming a plane (i.e. "folding", "bending", "rolling", "cutting" and/or "gluing"). In three dimensions all developable surfaces are ruled surfaces. There are developable surfaces in R4 which are not ruled.
Particulars.
The developable surfaces which can be realized in three-dimensional space include:
Formally, in mathematics, a developable surface is a surface with zero Gaussian curvature. One consequence of this is that all "developable" surfaces embedded in 3D-space are ruled surfaces (though hyperboloids are examples of ruled surfaces which are not developable). Because of this, many developable surfaces can be visualised as the surface formed by moving a straight line in space. For example, a cone is formed by keeping one end-point of a line fixed whilst moving the other end-point in a circle.
Application.
Developable surfaces have several practical applications. Many cartographic projections involve projecting the Earth to a developable surface and then "unrolling" the surface into a region on the plane. Since they may be constructed by bending a flat sheet, they are also important in manufacturing objects from sheet metal, cardboard, and plywood (an industry which uses developed surfaces extensively is shipbuilding).
Non-developable surface.
Most smooth surfaces (and most surfaces in general) are not developable surfaces. Non-developable surfaces are variously referred to as having "double curvature", "doubly curved", "compound curvature", "non-zero Gaussian curvature", etc.
Some of the most often-used non-developable surfaces are:
Applications of non-developable surfaces.
Many gridshells and tensile structures and similar constructions gain strength by using (any) doubly curved form.

</doc>
<doc id="2878117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878117" title="Mythologies (album)">
Mythologies (album)

Mythologies is the first studio album by American country/rock band performer, Rhett Miller, who later became the lead singer and songwriter of the Old 97's. Miller recorded the album with friend, and future Old 97's bassist, Murry Hammond. His next solo effort would wait more than a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="2878120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878120" title="Weather Modification Operations and Research Board">
Weather Modification Operations and Research Board

The Weather Modification Operations and Research Board was a proposed agency of the United States government, intended to promote research into weather modification. A bill proposing creation of the board was introduced in the U.S. Senate on two occasions by Texas Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, the first on March 4, 2004, and the second on March 3, 2005. The bill did not become law.
In the US, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration regulates weather control projects, under authority of Public Law 205 of the 92nd Congress. This agency does not
perform research into weather modification.

</doc>
<doc id="2878124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878124" title="Danionella">
Danionella

Danionella is a genus of danionin fish found in freshwater habitats in Myanmar and West Bengal, India. It includes the some of the smallest fishes.
Distribution.
All species of "Danionella" are found in Myanmar. "D. translucida" is described from the Ayeyarwady River basin, and "D. mirifica" was described from the Kaiming area in upper Myanmar.
Description.
When first described, "Danionella translucida" was the smallest ostariophysan and the smallest adult vertebrate to inhabit fresh water. Its adult size ranges from 10–12 millimetres (.43–.47 in) SL. "D. mirifica" gets slightly larger, at about 14 mm (.55 in) SL, but is still one of the smallest freshwater fishes.
"Danionella" species lack scales, barbels, and lateral line.
"D. mirifica" has a single row of melanophores between the pelvic fins and the tips of the cleithra, and there is a lack of melanophores on the underside of the abdomen.
"D. dracula" reaches 17 mm in length. It is neotonous, lacking 44 bones that develop late in the related zebrafish "Danio rerio." They have teeth made of bone, rather than the true teeth of other fishes, and the males have a pair of boney fangs which the use for sparring for mates. Britz "et al." believe the lineage lost true teeth about 50 Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="2878128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878128" title="Douglas Hondo">
Douglas Hondo

Douglas Tafadzwa Hondo (born 7 July 1979 in Bulawayo) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He played nine Test matches as a right-arm medium-fast swing bowler, and is distinctive for his dreadlocks.
Career.
Early progress.
Hondo was first introduced to cricket at primary school, his elder brother being the first in the family to take up the game. Hondo and his brother were under the guidance of Peter Sharples, a pioneer of taking cricket into the townships, or "high-density suburbs" as they are known in Zimbabwe. He coached the Queensdale Primary School team which consisted mainly of players who had no family background in the game due to the Rhodesian racist policies. Hondo was captain of the team in grades 6 and 7, opening the batting and the bowling. Like Tatenda Taibu and his mates, he attended Churchill Boys High School. He excelled, first as U15 captain and then in the full team, including taking 7–10 versus Gateway High School and scoring 121 versus Hillcrest. Hondo made the Mashonaland U 13 team and then the national U15 team. A back injury put Hondo out of U19 contention for a year but he made the CFX academy in 2000.
International recognition.
When he had finished at the academy he was placed with the Midlands team in Kwekwe. Hondo was plagued by bad form, taking only 11 wickets at more than 50. Despite this he was, surprisingly, called up for the first Test versus South Africa. Hondo assumed he was to be a net bowler but he was bowling well in the nets and then the first choice, Brighton Watambwa, was injured and Hondo made his debut. He did not bowl well, in a poor team performance, and South Africa scored 600–3 decl., Hondo taking the wicket of Gary Kirsten for 212. Hondo acquitted himself well with the bat, playing supportive innings to Andy Flower's pair of centuries, but was dismissed in the second innings with Flower stranded on 199*.
Dropped for the second Test, Hondo did play two ODIs against England but he was very inaccurate. Not wanted for the tours, Hondo was sent to play club cricket in Adelaide with Stuart Matsikenyeri. Here, he worked on his accuracy and was rewarded by being called up to the squad in India for the three-match ODI series. He did not play in the first two games but in the third he took three wickets,(Dinesh Mongia, Saurav Ganguly and VVS Laxman) and, along with Pommie Mbangwa, reduced India to 50–4. Hondo took the last wicket and Zimbabwe went on to win, with Hondo named as man of the match. Hondo then made it to the ICC Champions Trophy squad, taking more wickets against England and India. 
Hondo toured England in 2003 but did not do well. 
A series of back and hamstring injuries mean he has not played international cricket since January 2005. 
Following a difference of opinion with Zimbabwe Cricket, (who insisted that four players sporting dreadlocks either had their hair cut or were dropped) Hondo made his way to England.
He became Head Coach for Shepherd Neame league side Upminster CC and played in the Devon Cricket League, for Premier Side Sandford – in his first game he took 2 wickets for 10runs off 6 overs.
In 2011 Hondo become Player/Coach for Two Counties Cricket Division 1 side Ipswich Cricket Club. After a successful campaign in 2011 Hondo will return in 2012 to resume his duties as Player/Coach.
In 2012 Hondo played for the Hawera United Cricket Club, in New Zealand over 2 seasons.
Personal life.
As a youth, he played rugby and basketball at Churchill, but no longer plays any sports except cricket. He has a big interest in music.
Hondo has a daughter born in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2878142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878142" title="Alaska Zoo">
Alaska Zoo

The Alaska Zoo is a zoo located in Anchorage, Alaska located on of the Anchorage Hillside. It is a popular attraction in Alaska, with nearly 200,000 visitors per year.
The zoo is currently home to more than 100 birds and mammals representing some 50 species. The zoo has the widest variety of animals native to the state of Alaska as well as some exotics such as Siberian Tiger, Amur tigers, Bactrian Camels, and yaks.
In addition to viewing, the zoo specializes in education, research, wildlife conservation, and animal rehabilitation; many of the animals currently in the zoo were found orphaned or injured.
History.
In 1966, Anchorage grocer Jack Snyder won a contest offering a prize of "$3,000 or a baby elephant". He chose the elephant, a female Asian Elephant named Annabelle. Annabelle was initially kept at the Diamond H Horse Ranch, located in the Hillside area of Anchorage and owned by Sammye Seawell, which had the only heated stalls available.
With Annabelle's increasing popularity, Seawell formed a non-profit corporation to build a place "where the public could visit animals and learn about them." It was incorporated on March 28, 1968 as the Alaska Children's Zoo, which opened in 1969 with Annabelle and other donated animals. The zoo was located on land adjacent to Seawell's ranch. The zoo's name was changed to Alaska Zoo in June 1980.
In 1983, a female African elephant named Maggie arrived at the Alaska Zoo as a companion for Annabelle.
The zoo attracted some attention, even outside Alaska, in 1994 when Binky, then one of the zoo's polar bears, injured several visitors who entered his enclosure, famously pacing with an Australian woman's shoe dangling from his mouth (the current polar bear exhibit is human-proof).
In 1997, Annabelle died, leaving her companion, Maggie alone. In 2004, in spite of mounting criticism, Alaska Zoo officials decided to keep Maggie in Alaska for at least three more years, rather than sending her to an elephant sanctuary in a warmer climate, where she could also socialize with other elephants. As of June 6, 2007, she was moved to the PAWS sanctuary in California.
Notable animals.
Annabelle (1964–1997), an Asian elephant.
Annabelle, an Asian Elephant, was born in India in 1964. In 1966, in a Chiffon Tissue contest sponsored by Crown Zellerbach, she was offered as an alternative prize between "$3,000 or a baby elephant". The prize-winner, Anchorage grocer Jack Snyder, chose the elephant. Annabelle was initially kept at the Diamond H Horse Ranch, located in the Hillside area of Anchorage and owned by Sammye Seawell, which had the only heated stalls available. Annabelle was one of the first animals when the zoo was founded as the Alaska Children's Zoo in 1969, along with several orphaned and injured animals in need of homes, including a black bear, seal, Arctic fox, and petting zoo goats.
Annabelle died of complications of a foot infection on December 15, 1997.
Maggie (1983– ), an African elephant.
Maggie, an African elephant, came to the Alaska Zoo in 1983 as a companion for Annabelle. Maggie originated in Zimbabwe, Africa, where her herd had been culled — selectively destroyed to reduce numbers — leaving her in need of a home. Maggie is also known as having the first elephant treadmill in the world.
In 2007, Maggie was moved to the PAWS sanctuary in California.
Conservation efforts.
The Alaska Zoo is proactive in its conservation efforts and research, as well as education programs. The Zoo is a part of the Species Survival Program for tigers and snow leopards, and the Polar Bear International helping with the conservation of polar bears. Also, the Zoo is involved in animal husbandry and research on a variety of scales in part with the University of Alaska Anchorage. 

</doc>
<doc id="2878152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2878152" title="Henry H. Wells">
Henry H. Wells

Henry Horatio Wells (September 17, 1823February 13, 1890), was a Union Army general in the American Civil War and a carpetbagger who served as the appointed provisional governor of Virginia from 1868 to 1869 during Reconstruction. He was defeated for election in 1869.
Early life.
Henry Wells was born in Rochester, New York and grew up in Michigan. He studied in Detroit and was admitted to the practice of law. Among the cases he took were several in which Wells defended men accused of assisting runaway slaves. He was later elected to the Michigan House of Representatives and served 1854 and 1856 as a member of the Republican Party.
Wells in the American Civil War.
During the Civil War he was lieutenant colonel of a unit from Michigan. This unit was an occupation force in the controlled part of the Union Army of Virginia. There, Wells was made head of military police in Alexandria and soon the whole of the Union-controlled territory south of the Potomac River. After the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln in April 1865, Wells played an important role in the pursuit and apprehension of the assassin, John Wilkes Booth, in a Virginia barn. As thanks for his help in the capture of Booth, Wells was appointed a brigadier general.
Political career.
After the war, Wells settled in Richmond, Virginia, as a lawyer. He served as the appointed governor of Virginia from April 4, 1868 to September 21, 1869. His term as governor focused on drafting a new state constitution for Virginia. Wells' version would have granted African Americans the right to vote but would have disenfranchised Confederate veterans. Ulysses S. Grant intervened and protected the voting rights of the Confederate veterans. 
After winning large majorities in the 1866 Congressional election, the Radical Republicans in Congress took full charge. They closed down the state's civilian government and put Virginia (and nine other former Confederate states) under military rule. Virginia was administered as the "First Military District" in 1867-69 under General John Schofield. Schofield appointed his friend Wells as provisional governor. The national government held elections in Virginia in 1869 that included a vote on the new state constitution, a separate one on its disfranchisement clause that would have stripped the vote from most former Confederates, and a separate vote for state officials. The army enrolled the freedmen (former slaves). The Republicans nominated Wells. The leader of the opposition "True Republicans" was William Mahone (1826–1895), a railroad president and former Confederate general who said it was time for a New Departure for the state's Conservative Party (it later merged with the Democratic party). That is, whites had to accept the results of the war, including civil rights and the vote for freedmen. Mahone's candidate for governor, Gilbert C. Walker, won support from the Conservatives and defeated Wells in 1869 and the disfranchisement clause was defeated. Virginia as a result did not experience the political conflicts that characterized the Reconstruction period in other southern states. Virginia was the only Southern state not to have a civilian Radical government.
Accident.
Governor Wells was in an accident in the Virginia State Capitol; he was injured when a balcony collapsed at a court hearing because of the crowds. The floor of the courtroom also collapsed and fell into the Hall of the Virginia House of Delegates. There were over a hundred injured and several dozen deaths.
Wells failed to get elected as governor in 1869.
Later life.
Until 1872, Wells served as United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. He later moved to Washington, D.C., where he served as United States Attorney for the District of Columbia. In 1880 he finally retired from public service employment and again worked as a lawyer. He died in February 1890. Henry Wells was married to Millicent Leib, with whom he had several children.

</doc>
